http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3615 reputation
reputation
The background of this research is the public perception of complementary and alternative therapies. There is an abundance of procedures and techniques that focus on the restoration and maintenance of one's health and wellbeing. This phenomenon has led to the production of a lot of information that must be evaluated by the general public. The main purpose of the research was to answer the following questions: 1) Where do people find out about complementary and alternative therapies? 2) What is their motivation to know more? 3) What is the level of interest and reaction to these therapies? The theoretical framework was based on literature covering an analysis of complementary and alternative therapies, the history of medicine and an analysis of information sources regarding these therapies, as well as medical and scientific public databases. The report was conducted through my own reading and research on the internet regarding complementary and alternative medicine. The main method used was quantitative research involving a questionnaire in; this was to ascertain the public perception of and level of interest in this field. The findings show that public perception towards alternative and complementary medicine is generally positive and there that is a growing interest in this field, due to both health reasons and the search for spiritual fulfilment. However, the public is for the most part poorly informed, as the sources of information often bring up for many questions of validity and reliability. Furthermore, public perception may suffer due to the fact that these therapies are often marketed as common healthcare products or services, through which they can lose some of their authenticity. The report helps the reader understand the overall position of complementary and alternative therapies in the broader context of contemporary medicine, as well as how this specific information is conveyed to the public.
"If America worships success, then why has the nation's literature dwelled obsessively on failure? This book explores encounters with failure by nineteenth-century writers - ranging from Edgar Allan Poe and Herman Melville to Mark Twain and Sarah Orne Jewett - whose celebrated works more often struck readers as profoundly messy, flawed and even perverse. Reading textual inconsistency against the backdrop of a turbulent nineteenth century, Gavin Jones describes how the difficulties these writers faced in their faltering search for new styles, coherent characters and satisfactory endings uncovered experiences of blunder and inadequacy hidden in the culture at large. Through Jones's treatment, these American writers emerge as the great theorists of failure who discovered ways to translate their own social insecurities into complex portrayals of a modern self, founded in moral fallibility, precarious knowledge and negative feelings"--
A Comparison of Extension Methods Used by Different Agricultural Extension Service Providers in Nyandarua County, Kenya
Police's image in social media
The Economics of Trust in the Electronic Markets : an experimental study
Research report
Reputation management
Wind energy - the facts : a guide to the technology, economics and future of wind power
Good reputation is the best marketing asset
Constructing and negotiating entrepreneurial agency : a social psychological approach to entrepreneurship discourse in the farm context
The miner's girl
Compressive behaviour of the soil in buffer zones under different management practices in Finland
Higglety pigglety pop! or There must be more to life
The Frankfurt School, Jewish Lives, and Antisemitism
Comparative study on Chinese and Finnish experts' opinion of multifunctional agriculture
The map of lost memories : a novel
Farmers' choice on multifunctionality targeted policy measures
It
The Latin word fama means 'rumour', 'report', 'tradition', as well as modern English 'fame' or 'renown'. This magisterial and groundbreaking study in the literary and cultural history of rumour and renown, by one of the most influential living critics of Latin poetry, examines the intricate dynamics of their representations from Homer to Alexander Pope, with a focus on the power struggles played out within attempts to control the word, both spoken and written. Central are the personifications of Fama in Virgil and Ovid and the rich progeny spawned by them, but the book focuses on a wide range of genres other than epic, and on a variety of modes of narrating, dramatising, critiquing, and illustrating fama. Authors given detailed readings include Livy, Tacitus, Petrarch, Chaucer, Spenser, Shakespeare, Ben Jonson and Milton.
Horizontal Directional Drilling
The history of the Frankfurt School cannot be fully told without examining the relationships of Critical Theorists to their Jewish family backgrounds. Jewish matters had significant effects on key figures in the Frankfurt School, including Max Horkheimer, Theodor W. Adorno, Erich Fromm, Leo Lowenthal and Herbert Marcuse. At some points, their Jewish family backgrounds clarify their life paths; at others, these backgrounds help to explain why the leaders of the School stressed the significance of antisemitism. In the post-Second World War era, the differing relationships of Critical Theorists to their Jewish origins illuminate their distinctive stances toward Israel. This book investigates how the Jewish backgrounds of major Critical Theorists, and the ways in which they related to their origins, impacted upon their work, the history of the Frankfurt School, and differences that emerged among them over time.
Grass overseeding effects to the growth and profitability assessment of grass rolling.
Palaeoenvironments of the Pliopithecoid primates : new evidence from the middle Miocene locality Damiao, Inner Mongolia, China
Kukkulan kuninkaat = Kings of the hill
Sea glass summer
Who's bigger? : where historical figures really rank
European Union citizens and agriculture from 1995 to 2003.
Lukaszewski on crisis communication : what your CEO needs to know about reputation risk and crisis management
The reputation economy : how to optimize your digital footprint in a world where your reputation is your most valuable asset
Please don't tell my parents I blew up the Moon
Illusions of immortality : a psychology of fame and celebrity
The psychology of Maine de Biran
Abstract in English.
"Reputation Management is a how-to guide for students and professionals, as well as CEOs and other business leaders. It rests on the premise that reputation can be measured, monitored, and managed. Organized by corporate communication units including media relations, employee communication, government relations, and investor relations, the book provides a field-tested guide to corporate reputation problems such as leaked memos, unfair treatment by the press, and negative rumors, and focuses on practical solutions. Each chapter is fleshed out with the real-world experience of the authors and contributors, who come from a wide range of professional corporate communication backgrounds"--
Please don't tell my parents I've got henchmen
The Victorian achievement of Sir Henry Maine : a centennial reappraisal
Nearby nature and experiential farming : how are their roles perceived within the rural–urban fringe?
Every heart a doorway
Coping with rural transition in northern Thailand : an analysis of rural economic diversification and social movements' response
The corporate image of Posiva
The Image of Tampere in Social Media
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
How the Battleship Maine was destroyed
Arab world in the subjects of history, geography and Slovene language in elementary and secondary schools in Slovenia
Risk survey of Dzikwa Activity Center -building project
The Influence of Social Media on Establishing A Restaurant's Image nd Reputation : Case study The Kafe Village Restaurant
Sell in good company : social capital as a strategic tool in the fine art auction business
Reputation strategy and analytics in a hyper-connected world
The business image of the restaurant Figaro : as experienced by the finnish and foreign students of Jyväskylä Polytechnic
Frommer's Maine Coast
Failure and the American Writer : a Literary History
Using social media to boost Indo-European research & innovation
Reputation economics : why who you know is worth more than what you have
Migration flows between Finland and the Baltic Sea region
England's Elizabeth : an afterlife in fame and fantasy
Answers to advertising avoidance of customers : centralized online reputation systems based on feedbacks
Campaign guide : management leadership and worker participation in occupational safety and health
How to build your reputation : the secrets of becoming the "go to" professional in a crowded marketplace
Promoting nonprofit organizations : a reputation management approach
Agrelation : a computerized decison-making tool for Colorado potato beetle population management and environmental quality concerns
Brandjack : how your reputation is at risk from brand pirates and what to do about it
Moving forward from "biochar revolution" to "biochar evolution" : shaping a promising mitigation tool demands future research efforts
Analysis of the Mexican tourism industry : the effects caused by the drug related violance in Northen Mexico
Analysis of the 2003 CAP reform
"This fascinating history explores the dynamic relationship between overseas colonisation and the bodily experience of eating. It reveals the importance of food to the colonial project in Spanish America and reconceptualises the role of European colonial expansion in shaping the emergence of ideas of race during the Age of Discovery. Rebecca Earle shows that anxieties about food were fundamental to Spanish understandings of the new environment they inhabited and their interactions with the native populations of the New World. Settlers wondered whether Europeans could eat New World food, whether Indians could eat European food and what would happen to each if they did. By taking seriously their ideas about food we gain a richer understanding of how settlers understood the physical experience of colonialism and of how they thought about one of the central features of the colonial project. The result is simultaneously a history of food, colonialism and race.
Essentials of corporate communication : implementing practices for effective reputation management
The Marrying Season
Communication model for reputational crisis in social media
Corporate Reputation and the News Media in Finland
CouchSurfing : experiences, reputation, references and decision-making in an online hospitality network
The hinterland of a city : rural settlement and land use in the Petra region from the Nabataean-Roman to the Early Islamic period
A marriage made at Woodstock
Defining corporate reputation in Latin America : Case-study : Venezuela
Midterm review of the national integrated pest management programme in Nepal, phase II
Issues and crisis management : exploring issues, crises, risk and reputation
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
CORPORATE REPUTATION EVALUATION AND SERVICE QUALITY  : Case study Hotel Astor
Spike your brand ROI : how to maximize reputation and results
Rethinking reputational risk : how to manage the risks that can ruin your business, your reputation and you
Are we entitled to our land? : a study of six informal settlements
Guidlines for mitigating the adverse effects of acid soils in Finland until 2020.
Aluminium chemistry in ploughed podzolic forest soils
Three girls and their brother
The Adkins site : a palaeo-indian habitation and associated stone structure
The delights of democracy : the triumph of American politics
Analytical guide of the changes suggested by Directive 2006/42/EC on the safety of machies
Berkshire beyond Buffett : the enduring value of values
The underground girls of Kabul : the hidden lives of Afghan girls disguised as boys
Winning the reputation game : creating stakeholder value and competitive advantage
With good reputation size does not matter : issue frequency and determinants of debt maturity
House of thieves
Maine de Biran, reformer of empiricism, 1766-1824
"Frost, you say?" : A Yankee monologue
Studies on corporate social responsibility in the Finnish small business context
Reputation management : the key to successful public relations and corporate communication
Neither hay nor grass
A firm's activity in social media and its relationship with corporate reputation, firm size and firm performance
Far from the madding crowd
Rumour and renown : representations of Fama in western literature
Employer image among summer trainees 2010: Case Wärtsilä Finland Oy
Reputation : one part of social (media) cohesion also in a military organization
Company reputation and image analysis : case: Game Central
The marrying season
The vanir and ragnarǫk
Effects of company reputation on commitment, loyalty, and identification, and their respective influence on customer citizenship behaviours
Dow Jones Sustainability Index in corporate sustainability signalling
Prestige in academic life : excellence and exclusion
An innovative milieu - a view on regional reputation building : case study of the Lahti urban region
Let the games begin
Penelope Akk wants to be a superhero. She's got superhero parents. She's got the ultimate mad science power, filling her life with crazy gadgets even she doesn't understand. She has two super-powered best friends. In middle school, the line between good and evil looks clear. In real life, nothing is that clear. All it takes is one hero's sidekick picking a fight, and Penny and her friends are labeled supervillains. In the process, Penny learns a hard lesson about villainy: She's good at it. Criminal masterminds, heroes in power armor, bottles of dragon blood, alien war drones, shapeshifters and ghosts, no matter what the super powered world throws at her, Penny and her friends come out on top. They have to. If she can keep winning, maybe she can clear her name before her mom and dad find out.
A periphery lost: the representation of Karelia in Finnish national landscape imagery
Naturalistic and existential realms of place in Roseau, Dominica
Heroes are my weakness : a novel
Reputation and cultural influences : the constituents of reputation of the University of Jyväskylä for its international degree students and postgraduates
Place branding is happening. A new field of practice and study is in existence and whatever we choose to call it there can no longer be any doubt that it is with us. This collection of intuitive and well-reserached articles examines how places and regions see themselves, and how they reflect this in their branding.
The fame formula : how Hollywood's fixers, fakers and star makers created the celebrity industry
Finnish Agriculture and Rural Industries
The body of the conquistador : food, race, and the colonial experience in Spanish America, 1492-1700
Annals of Warsaw Agricultural University - SGGW-AR. Land reclamation
A perfect heritage
Monitoring the complexities: Nuclear power and public opinion
The integration of year round recreation and timberland management on the Passadumkeag mountain region of eastern Maine
This is about more than geographical location of Maine, and certainly is not a picture postcard of the coastal state. Some characters have arrived by accident, others are trying to get out. The collection opens, closes, and is interlaced with stories that focus on Jocelyn, a wryly disaffected teenager living with her aunt and uncle while attending summer school. As in life, the narratives of other characters interrupt Jocelyn's, sometimes challenging, sometimes embellishing her view.
Enhancing business-to-business relationship through value co-creation in traditional business sector : A case of building services engineering
The effects of reputational risk on corporate social responsibility in a multinational company : case Wärtsilä
Strategic marketing in small businesses : case: Big Agenda Coaching
Common-place of common-sense : local level arguments concerning the rightfulness of the ILO convention number 169.
Painting the volcanic landscape of early Fennoscandia : geochronology of the Meso- and Neoarchaean Suomussalmi-Kuhmo-Tipasjärvi greenstone complex, Karelia Province, Finland
Free movement in Europe : past and present
The cost of producing milk in Maine : results from the 2005 dairy cost of production survey
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Maine, Vermont & New Hampshire
The disaster artist : my life inside The room, the greatest bad movie ever made
The corporate image research case Dynaset Oy
The cider house rules : a novel
Rough pulpwood operating in northwestern Maine, 1935-1940
Evaluation for improving student outcomes : messages for quality assurance policies
The stranger's child
The role of the media in politics : case: Timo Soini in the media during the parliamentary elections of 2011
In February 2013, the 2nd Nordic Biochar Seminar was successfully held in Helsinki, Finland. The fruitful meeting, well organized by Priit Tammeorg, offered a broad kaleidoscope of new insights into the novel interdisciplinary research topic of biochar. The papers in this issue clearly show that biochar use in agriculture can deliver benefits such as reductions in N2O emissions or N leaching (Kettunen and Saarnio), in addition to soil C storage without negative effects (Karer et al. , Anders et al. ). However, they also demonstrate that just one biochar addition does not turn each temperate fertile soil into a fertility miracle. In Terra preta sites, the pyrogenic carbon was likely an important ingredient, but it was combined with organic waste inputs and not used pure. Thus, yield-increasing pure-biochar effects in temperate soils are likely not a low-hanging fruit to be harvested without further ado. Rather, problematic soils should be the primary target; combined biochar-organics usage also deserves further research. However, considering the lack of political efforts to restore our planet's radiative balance, or tackle the challenges associated with soil degradation and resource consumption, no emerging chances should be missed. "Biochar" is such a chance - not more, but also not less. Shaping "biochar use in agriculture" into a safe, sustainable and economically feasible tool will only come at the cost of good hard research efforts; but it offers the unique chance to turn agricultural practices from being part of the problem into being part of the solution.
Sir Henry Maine : a study in Victorian jurisprudence
Farm deaths in North Karelia
How were the pupils dressed in a country village in northern Finland in 1909–1939?
Access to water? : dynamic capacity change for sustainable rural water and sanitation services for all
The relationship between corporate social responsibility and corporate reputation from a value-laden viewpoint : an empirical study in a Finnish newspaper context
Trust and credibility : a conceptual analysis with a special focus on Finnish business environment
The effect of reputation on trust decisions in inter-enterprise collaborations
Electronic capital : economic and social geographies of digitalization
High visibility : transforming your personal and professional brand
Reputation management : a study of leading Finnish companies
Annual report of the Bureau of Industrial and Labor Statistics for the State of Maine
Selected issue
The bear and the piano
The public image of the alternative and complementary medicine
The time traveler's handbook : 18 experiences from the eruption of Vesuvius to Woodstock
Creating passion brands : getting to the heart of branding
Resolving the design challenge for National Electronic Vehicle Sweden : a comparative study on how insiders and outsiders perceive the brand style of Saab
The common agricultural policy : a partnership between Europe and farmers
Amber waves
Weathering
An intergovernmental organization and its reputation according to politicians : case: the United Nations in Finland
Fame and failure 1720-1800 : the unfulfilled literary life
Seated by the sea : the maritime history of Portland, Maine, and its Irish longshoremen
The reputation vortex : online reputation management
Co-evolution of agriculture and rural development in different regional institutional contexts : case studies from Finland and Italy
Supervillains do not merely play hooky.  True, coming back to school after a month spent fighting - and defeating - adult superheroes is a bit of a comedown for the Inscrutable Machine. When offered the chance to skip school in the most dramatic way possible, Penelope Akk can't resist. With the help of a giant spider and mysterious red goo, she builds a spaceship and flies to Jupiter.  Mutant goats. Secret human colonies. A war between three alien races with humanity as the prize. Robot overlords and evil plots. Penny and her friends find all this and more on Jupiter's moons, but what they don't find are any heroes to save the day.  Fortunately, they have an angry eleven year old and a whole lot of mad science...
Earthquake research and analysis : new frontiers in seismology
The accidental mistress
Maine mosses : Drummondiaceae - Polytrichaceae
Bright young things
"Is Hitler bigger than Napoleon? Washington bigger than Lincoln? Picasso bigger than Einstein? Quantitative analysts are rapidly finding homes in social and cultural domains, from finance to politics. What about history? In this fascinating book, Steve Skiena and Charles Ward bring quantitative analysis to bear on ranking and comparing historical reputations. They evaluate each person by aggregating the traces of millions of opinions, just as Google ranks webpages. The book includes a technical discussion for readers interested in the details of the methods, but no mathematical or computational background is necessary to understand the rankings or conclusions. Did you know: - Got a spare billion dollars, and want to be remembered forever? Your best investment is to get a university named after you. - Women remain significantly underrepresented in the historical record compared to men and have long required substantially greater achievement levels to get equally noted for posterity. - The long-term prominence of Elvis Presley rivals that of the most famous classical composers. Roll over Beethoven, and tell Tchaikovsky the news! Along the way, the authors present the rankings of more than one thousand of history's most significant people in science, politics, entertainment, and all areas of human endeavor. Anyone interested in history or biography can see where their favorite figures place in the grand scheme of things. While revisiting old historical friends and making new ones, you will come to understand the forces that shape historical recognition in a whole new light"--
What would middle school be like if half your classmates had super powers? It's time for Penny Akk to find out. Her latest (failed) attempt to become a superhero has inspired the rest of the kids in her school to reveal their own powers.  Now, all of her relationships are changing. She has a not-at-all-secret admirer, who wants to be Penny's partner almost as much as she wants to be Penny's rival. The meanest girl in school has gained super powers and lost her mind. Can Penny help her find a better one? Can she help an aging supervillain connect with his daughter, and mend the broken hearts of two of the most powerful people in the world? And in all this, where will she find time for her own supervillainous fun, or even more dangerous, to start dating?  It's going to be a long, strange semester.
Please don't tell my parents I'm a supervillain
The state we're in : Maine stories
The lucky ones : a bright young things novel
Maine Island kids : sweaters and stories from offshore : 20 knitting patterns from North Island Designs
Integrated approach to analysis of communication in issue arenas : building a balanced communication strategy portfolio - case Paperinkeräys Oy
Abstract: Corporatism, employment and macroeconomic performance in 18 OECD countries.
Rethinking reputation : how PR trumps marketing and advertising in the new media world
The death of an owl
The great Charles Dickens scandal
Facing the challenges in exporting in Russia
Fall of the multiverse
Uncle Shelby's story of Lafcadio, the lion who shot back
Hierarchical perspectives on marine complexities : searching for systems in the Gulf of Maine
Independent people : an epic
His favorite mistress
Monthly statistics on the foreign trade of goods
John Lydgate and the poetics of fame
A piece of the world : A Novel
British ballads from Maine. Second series : the development of popular songs with texts and airs versions of ballads included in Francis J. Child's collection
The article reflects how Karelia has been represented as a national periphery in Finnish national landscape imagery, understood as a dynamic system of social representations defining Finland as national space. Karelia may be likened to other national peripheries, analysed among others by Robert Shields as liminal zones allegedly at the margins of society. The particular aspects of Karelian landscape occurring in popular landscape imagery are discussed. It is pointed out how these anchor Karelia to a variety of contexts, of which Karelianist imagery originating from art constitutes only one. Similarly the ideological roles of Karelian landscape have varied, starting from the didactic narratives of Zachris Topelius and ending up in the post-war and post-Soviet Karelian revivals. However, the present-day Karelian landscape is a nostalgic construction, transferring the liminal zone outside history.
Maine mosses : Sphagnaceae-Timmiaceae
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Places : identity, image and reputation
From status to contract : a biography of Sir Henry Maine, 1822-1888
On the road : social aspects of commuting long distances to work
Theatre and celebrity in Britain, 1660-2000
On transnational politically motivated consumer boycotts : their emergence, evolution, and ending
Phytoplankton and planktonic protozoa of the offshore waters, Gulf of Maine
What price fame?
Customer satisfaction & corporate reputation: a correlation study
Struggle for diversity of languages in a harmonising European context - new tasks for teacher education
HIV/AIDS as a transnational health care issue : migrants in the European Union
Journal of the Graduate School of Agriculture, Hokkaido University
The ship in the field
This study examined the effect of farm size on the mortality and survival of Eastern Finnish farms in the late 1990s. Three different dimensions of farm size (i.e. hectares operated, number of milk cows, and hectares of forest) were compared. Data were extracted from administrative records and covered all 4,527 active farms in North Karelia from 1995 to 1998. Results did not support the disappearing middle size hypothesis presented by Weiss (1999). Farm size distributions were not bimodal. No empirical evidence was found of a process of polarisation into two centres of attraction. As a whole, the analysis provides some support for the conclusion that the size of forest holding as measured by hectares of forest owned by farm does not have an independent effect on the likelihood of survival. Its contribution depends on the other variables in the model. .
Reputation and representation in fifteenth-century Europe
Trust the brand : corporate reputation management in private banking
The impact of reputation and promotion on internet auction outcomes : evidence from Huuto.net
Constructing reputation in a university merger
Crisis: opportunity or threat to corporate reputation : case: Metsä-Botnia Uruguay
Coastal Maine
Supply Chain Performance Measurement : The integrated project of Shengda Market and Lijin Agricultural Base
The threat of reputation risk in social media
Inside the dream palace : the life and times of New York's legendary Chelsea hotel
The Oxford handbook of corporate reputation
The folklore of Maine
