http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3612 growth regulators
growth regulators
Issues and advances in postharvest horticulture : a proceedings of the XXVI International Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
"The book takes a multidisciplinary approach to this extremely important area of organic chemistry"--
Plant hormones : action and application
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Citrus, Bananas and Other Tropical Fruits Under Subtrobical Conditions : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Mechanisms of plant growth and improved productivity : modern approaches
Analytical methods for pesticides and plant growth regulators. Vol. 16, Specific applications
Chemical plant growth retardants (PGR's) are widely used to decrease plant height and increase quality in commercial bedding plant production. Spraying is most used application method. Usually it has to be given in  certain stage of plant development and it has to be repeated. After the  spraying working in the greenhouse is not allowed. Giving the recommendation of PGR-use in concentration is a common  way. It gives a lot of space for variation of actual amount of PGR that a plant absorbs. Effect of the amount of absorbed PGR-solution was a main  question of this study. Liner dip is an application method, which could solve many of the  disadvantages of the spray-applications. It is pretransplant method: One  dipping of young plant plugs to the PGR solution before transplanting to cultivation pots is enough.  Usability of the method in the cultivation of seed propagated plants or  usability of other chemicals than triazoles, has not been studied earlier. In this study the crop was seed propagated petunia and chemicals tested were  plant growth retardant flurprimidol (product name Topflor) and  propiconazole (Tilt), a fungicide from triazoles -group. According the results of this study, actual amount of absorbed PGRchemical  is more important than the concentration of the given PGR-solution. The application method is suitable also for the seed propagated  plants and flurprimidol acts very well as PGR with the liner dip method.  On the ground of this study, propiconazole is not a suitable chemical for  the method.
Effects of 6-benzylaminopurine, thidiazuron and type of explant on in vitro shoot development of Acer platanoides L.
Plant growth substances 1988
Proceedings of the Fourth International Conference on Postharvest Science : Jerusalem, Israel, 26-31 March, 2000
The chemical height control of seed propagated bedding plants with the liner dip application method : the effect of absorbed amount of plant growth retardant
Phytohormones in soils : microbial production and function
Plant growth regulator effects on spring cereal root and shoot growth
Hormonal regulation of farm animal growth
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Endogenous and Exogenous Plant Bioregulators : August 13-19, 2006
The latest techniques for propagating crops with terminal, stem, and leaf/stem cuttings are the focus of this horticulture handbook. All the bases are covered - propagation basics, stock plant management, media, temperature, light, nutrition, plant growth regulators, insect and disease management, equipment, and postharvest handling. From these general subjects, the editors focus in on specifics for scores of specialty bedding plants, perennials, specialty cut flowers, and foliage plants. Then they zoom in even closer, covering more than 60 important floriculture crops in detail so propagators and growers can provide high-quality cuttings and young plants to the market.
3rd Symposium on growth regulators in ornamental horticulture, Skierniewice, Poland, September 5-10, 1988
Plant growth regulators to manipulate oat stands
Genomic approach to organ-specific growth control
Proceedings of the XIth International Symposium on Plant Bioregulators in Fruit Production : Bologna, Italy, September 20 - 23, 2009
Plant growth and leaf-applied chemicals
Analytical methods for pesticides and plant growth regulators. 7, Thin-layer and liquid chromatography and analyses of pesticides of international importance
Chlormequat chloride and ethephon affect growth and yield formation of conventional, naked and dwarf oat
Yield formation of spring rye at high latitudes with reference to seeding rate and plant growth regulation
"Heterocycles in Life and Society is an introduction to the chemistry of heterocyclic compounds, focusing on their origin and occurrence in nature, biochemical significance and wide range of applications. Written in a readable and accessible style, the book takes a multidisciplinary approach to this extremely important area of organic chemistry. Topics covered include an introduction to the structure and properties of heterocycles; the key role of heterocycles in important life processes such as the transfer of hereditary information, how enzymes function, the storage and transport of bioenergy, and photosynthesis; applications of heterocycles in medicine, agriculture and industry; heterocycles in supramolecular chemistry; the origin of heterocycles on primordial Earth; and how heterocycles can help us solve 21st century challenges. For this second edition, Heterocycles in Life and Society has been completely revised and expanded, drawing on a decade of innovation in heterocyclic chemistry. The new edition includes discussions of the role of heterocycles in nanochemistry, green chemistry, combinatorial chemistry, molecular devices and sensors, and supramolecular chemistry. Impressive achievements include the creation of various molecular devices, the recording and storage of information, the preparation of new organic conductors, and new effective drugs and pesticides with heterocyclic structures. Much new light has been thrown on various life processes, while the chemistry of heterocycles has expanded to include new types of heterocyclic structures and reactions, and the use of heterocyclic molecules as ionic liquids and proton sponges. Heterocycles in Life and Society is an essential guide to this important field for students and researchers in chemistry, biochemistry, and drug discovery, and scientists at all levels wishing to expand their scientific horizon."--
Proheksadioni-kalsiumin vaikutus mansikan kasvuun avomaalla = Effect of Prohexadione-calcium on the growth of strawberry in the open
Plant growth regulators : agricultural uses
Plant growth regulation
Plant growth substances : principles and applications
Agrochemicals : composition, production, toxicology, applications
Handbook of turfgrass management and physiology
Herbicide resistance - brassinosteroids, gibberellins, plant growth regulators
Timing applications of growth regulators to alter spring cereal development at high latitudes
Plant growth regulators for higher plants, January 1979-February 1988 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
Analytical methods for pesticides and plant growth regulators. Vol. 11, Updated general techniques and additional pesticides
Trial report : herbicides and plant growth regulators
Analytical methods for pesticides and plant growth regulators. Vol. 15, Principles, statistics and applications
Residue analyses of the official testing of pesticides 1991
Cutting propagation : a guide to propagating and producing floriculture crops
Plant bioregulators in horticulture - 1994 : 24th International Horticultural Congress 21-27 August 1994 Kyoto, Japan
Plant propagation by tissue culture. The background. Vol. 1.
Growth regulators in crop production
International Symposium on Integrating Canopy, Rootstocks and Environmental Physiology in Orchard Systems : Wenatchee, Washington, USA and Penticton, British Columbia, Canada, 17-25 July, 1996 : Vol. 1 & 2
Benefit of using plant growth regulators in fodder barley
Progress in plant growth regulation : proceedings of the 14th International conference on plant growth substances, Amsterdam, 21-26 July, 1991
Plant growth regulator potential and practice
Proceedings of the EUFRIN Thinning Working Group Symposia : March 11-13, 2010 - Catalonia, Spain, March 3-5, 2011 - Waningen, The Netherlands, March 7-9, 2012 - Ljubljana, Slovenia
Modelling crop-weed interactions
Analytical methods for pesticides and plant growth regulators. Vol. 10, New and updated methods
Herbicides and plant growth regulators
Turkey is one of the biggest cotton producing countries in the world. Defoliant is applied on 17% of the Turkey cotton production, which is similar to average defoliant application in the world. In Turkey, Finish® and Dropp® are widely in use as defoliant for desired boll opening in cotton. Finish® contains ethephon a.i. and cyclanilide a.i., and Dropp® contains thidiazuron a.i. and diuron a.i. In this study, total risk of defoliant on human health and environment were calculated by POCER (The Pesticide Occupational and Environmental Risk) indicator. The objective of this study was to determine the total risk value of defoliant application in cotton on human health and environment in Turkey. Thidiazuron a.i. has no potential risk on human health and environment. Diuron a.i. has relatively low total risk value on human health. Yet, it has very low risk on environment (0.097). Ethephon a.i. has relatively high total risk on human health (1.550). Cyclanilide a.i. has total risk on human health similar to ethephon a.i. These active ingredients (a.i.) have no potential risk for environment. Consequently, defoliant application in cotton has very low total risk value due to 10 of maximum value.
Analytical methods for pesticides and plant growth regulators. Vol. 14, Modern analytical techniques
Physiology of trees
Handbook of plant and crop physiology
The role of vitamin C in the growth of higher plants
Control of growth and frost hardening of silver birch container seedlings : growth retardants, short day treatment and summer planting
Regulation of strawberry growth and development
Physiology of stressed crops. Vol. 1, Hormone relations
Determination of total risk of defoliant application in cotton on human health and environment
Proceedings of the XIIth International Symposium on Plant Bioregulators in Fruit Production : Orlando, Florida, USA July 28-August 1, 2013
Weed control handbook. Vol. 1, Principles including plant growth regulators
Analytical methods for pesticides and plant growth regulators. Vol. 12, High-performance liquid chromatography of pesticides
Ectomycorrhizal fungi and exogenous growth regulators in vegetative propagation of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Proceedings of the Ninth International Symposium on Plant Bioregulators in Fruit Production : Seoul, Korea, [19-22 August, 2001]
Plant growth and development : hormones and environment
Plant growth regulators in agriculture and horticulture : their role and commercial uses
8th International Symposium on Plant Bioregulators in Fruit Production : Valencia, Spain, 1-4 April, 1997
Plant growth substances
Plant tissue culture : techniques and experiments
Trials with carbon dioxide, light and growth substances on forest tree plants
The effect of increasing nitrogen dose, growth regulator and variety on seed and stalk yields, and some quality aspects of fibre flax
Bioregulators, chemistry and uses : based on a symposium sponsored by the Division of Agricultural and Food Chemistry at the 186th Meeting of the American Chemical Society, Washington, D.C., August 28 - September 2, 1983
Platelet-derived growth factor receptor inhibition reduces allograft arteriosclerosis of heart and aorta in cholesterol-fed rabbits
European directory of agrochemical products. Vol. 4, Growth regulators
Analytical methods for pesticides and plant growth regulators. Vol. 17, Advanced analytical techniques
Effects of applying stem-shortening plant growth regulators to leaves on root elongation by seedlings of wheat, oat and barley: mediation by ethylene
Importance of root to shoot communication in the responses to environmental stress : proceedings of a meeting organized by The British Society for Plant Growth Regulation in conjunction with the Society for Experimental Biology and the Tansley Fund on 13-15th Sept., 1989 at the University of Lancaster
Heterocycles in life and society : an introduction to heterocyclic chemistry, biochemistry and applications
Plant growth regulators to manipulate cereal growth in northern growing conditions
Proceedings of the XXV International Horticultural Congress : Brussels, Belgium 2-7 August, 1998. Part 5, Culture techniques with special emphasis on environmental implications : chemical, physical and biological means of regulating crop growth in ornamentals and other crops
6th International symposium on growth regulators in fruit production, Penticton, B.C., Canada, July 25-29, 1988
Proceedings of the Tenth International Symposium on Plant Regulators in Fruit Production : Saltillo, Mexico, June 26-30, 2005
Evaluation of the plant growth regulator Primo MAXX® (trinexapac-ethyl) on Nordic golf courses : results from the second evaluation year 2008 and recommendations
