http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3627 display units
display units
Samsung Galaxy tabs for dummies
Joint VR Conference of euroVR and EGVE, 2011 : current and future perspectives of virtual reality, augmented reality and mixed reality : industrial and poster track, 20-21st September, 2011 Nottingham, UK
Multi-touch implementation on the iPhone platform
Ipad for dummies
Studies on diffractive mobile display backlights
The essential guide to user interface design : an introduction to GUI design principles and techniques
New Technology Productization in Mobile Devices from End-User's View
Dotted landscape : constructive research into interactive displays in shared spaces
Designing for the iPad : building applications that sell
Eye movements in reading of dynamic on-screen text in various presentation formats and contexts
Effect of display type and room illuminance in viewing digital dental radiography : display performance in panoramic and intraoral radiography
Beginning iPadTM Application Development
Digital signage effectiveness in retail stores
FTIR touch panel for a mobile device : architecture and prototype evaluation
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : case Galaxo Ltd
Information visualization on small display devices
Fundamentals of liquid crystal devices
Display interfaces : fundamentals and standards
Quality and reliability assessment of the mobile phone display
Handbook of display technology
In the age of globalization and internationalization it becomes more and more important for companies to enter new markets. Therefore, Finnish company Galaxo Ltd. located in Oulu, Finland intends to enter the German market and distribute its energy management system there. The purpose of this thesis was to prepare a marketing plan in order to provide useful information about the German market for the case company. Furthermore, there was a need for recommendations as the Finnish firm was not familiar with foreign markets, yet. The idea of this thesis topic was developed by the author with the support of Galaxo Ltd. Moreover, the first part of the marketing plan consists of analyses such as competitors’ analysis, stakeholder analysis, PESTEL analysis and SWOT analysis. These chapters are followed by marketing strategy which includes segmentation, targeting, positioning, mission statement and competitive strategy. Moreover, the company ́s objectives were outlined and the marketing mix, consisting of the 4 Ps: product, place, price, place and promotion, was suggested. The background knowledge for this thesis was provided by lectures of courses at Oulu University of Applied Sciences such as marketing, intercultural skills and international business strategy. Moreover, this basis was extended by books, articles and websites that offer in depth information regarding marketing issues as well as topics related to Germany. In addition, meetings with Hannes Huotari, CEO at Galaxo Ltd., and Anu Toljamo, sales manager at Galaxo Ltd., were organized. In addition, there was also e-mail contact with these representatives. Consequently, the case company was provided with the results of the marketing plan during the whole thesis process. The next step for Galaxo Ltd. is to apply the given information and recommendations and enter the German market. Therefore, the target group needs to become aware of the case company and their product Infochannel, which could be reached by implementing presentations and questionnaires for the potential customers, universities in the southern part of Germany.
Designing for small screens : mobile phones, smart phones, PDAs, pocket PCs, navigation systems, MP3 players, game consoles
Packs six minibooks in one full-color guide: iPad Basics, Just for Fun, iPad on the Go, Getting Productive with iWork, Using iPad to Get Organized, and Must-Have iPad Apps. Covers the newest iPad features, functions, and capabilities, including the stunning retina display, voice dictation, the enhanced iSight camera, HD video recording in full 1080p.
Professional iPhone and iPad application development
Display systems : design and applications
The definitive guide to using classic typographic concepts of form and structure to make dynamic compositions for screen-based applications. Covering a broad range of technologies -- from electronic publications and websites to videos and mobile devices -- this hands-on primer presents the latest information available to help designers make critical creative decisions, including how to choose typefaces for the screen, how to style beautiful, functional text and navigation, how to apply principles of animation to text, and how to generate new forms and experiences with code-based operations. Type on Screen is an essential design tool for anyone seeking clear and focused guidance about typography for the digital age.
Projection displays
Polarization engineering for LCD projection
Towards engaging multipurpose public displays : design space and case studies
Today, digital imaging is widely used in dentistry. In medical radiography, the importance of displays and room illuminance has been shown in many studies, whereas the effect of these factors in the diagnosis of dental radiography is not clear and remains controversial. There is limited knowledge among dentists as to how observer performance is affected by the type of display, level of ambient light or grayscale calibration. The aim of this thesis was to compare observer performance in the detection of both anatomical structures and pathology in panoramic and bitewing radiographs using consumer grade display with γ 2.2- and DICOM-calibration, a tablet (3rd generation Apple iPad® and a 6 MegaPixel (MP) display under different lighting conditions. Furthermore, the thesis aimed at providing recommendations for type of display and acceptable illuminance levels in the room for interpretation of dental radiographs.Thirty panoramic and bitewing radiographs were randomly evaluated on four displays under bright (510 lx) and dim (16 lx) ambient lighting by two observers. Both anatomical structures and pathology were evaluated because they provided both low- and high-contrast structure. Consensus was considered as reference. Intra- and inter-observer agreement was determined. The proportion of equivalent ratings and weighted kappa were used to assess the reliability. The level of significance was set to P<0.05.DICOM calibration may improve observer performance in the detection of pathology in panoramic radiographs regardless of the room illuminance level. DICOM calibration improves the detection of enamel and dentinal caries in bitewing radiographs, particularly in bright lighting conditions. On the other hand, in dental practice the room illuminance level is often higher, and it is thus recommended that the overall lighting level should be decreased. Furthermore, a DICOM-calib rated consumer grade display can be used instead of a medical display in dental practice without compromising the diagnostic quality and it saves costs. Tablet displays are recommended to use with care in dental radiography.
iPod & iTunes for dummies
Illumination, color and imaging : evaluation and optimization of visual displays
iPad for dummies
Electronic display measurement : concepts, techniques, and instrumentation
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
Screens : viewing media installation art
One click : Jeff Bezos and the rise of Amazon.com
Abstract: Display symptom analysis : Failures on the PWB-side.
No shelf required : e-books in libraries
Introduction to color imaging science
Nook tablet for dummies
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
Reading and writing the electronic book
Soap, science and flat-screen TVs : a history of liquid crystals
Perceptually optimized visualization on autostereoscopic 3D displays
3D displays
Beginning iPhone and iPad Web apps : scripting with HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript
eReading Services, Business Models and Concepts in media industry
Tabletops : horizontal interactive displays
iPad for Dummies
Case studies in human information behaviour in smart urban spaces
Inkjet-printed quantum dot hybrid light-emitting devices : towards display applications
Designing the user interface : strategies for effective human-computer interaction
Touchscreen / Lambert M. Surhone, Miriam T. Timpledon, Susan F. Marseken (Ed.)
A head-mounted display as a personal viewing device : dimensions of subjective experiences
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
How do we create a satisfactory user experience when limited to a small device? This new guide focuses on usability for mobile devices, primarily smartphones and touchphones, and covers such topics as developing a mobile strategy, designing for small screens, writing for mobile, usability comparisons, and looking toward the future.
Android tablets for dummies
Build your own computer
Display symptom analysis : failures on the PWD-side
Opportunities and challenges of touch interfaces : Analysing mobile usability with heuristic evaluation
Liquid crystal displays : addressing schemes and electro-optical effects
Real-time logistics : case: development of a shipment status display system for a large manufacturing company
Introduction to virtual reality
Practical electronics for inventors
Designing of double-tap recognition hardware
Kustantajan kuvaus: High quality content by WIKIPEDIA articles! A touchscreen is an electronic visual display that can detect the presence and location of a touch within the display area. The term generally refers to touch or contact to the display of the device by a finger or hand. Touchscreens can also sense other passive objects, such as a pen. However, if the object sensed is active, as with a light pen, the term touchscreen is generally not applicable. The ability to interact physically with what is shown on a display (a form of "direct manipulation") typically indicates the presence of a touchscreen.
Coverage includes: Navigation, Alerts & Action Sheets & Modal Views, Custom Table Views, The Split View, Touch Events, Notification Processing, Networking Concepts, Multimedia, Application Preferences, Data Storage, The Pasteboard, Unit Testing, Performance Tuning and Optimization, 	Integrating iAds, Multitasking.
In order to develop sustainable business, the significance of quality management is constantly increasing. Highly saturated mobile phone industry companies need to understand the competitive factors related to product manufacturing. Quality is considered as competitive factor that has influence over several departments in company. The influence of quality is often economical but may also be brand related. Reliability is used as a tool for predicting the demanded quality of the product. The goal of this thesis is to examine the quality and reliability of mobile phone display from the desired failure mode point of view. Thesis is commissioned by a mobile phone company, and the quality and reliability tools and techniques are selected based on company`s recommendations. The data and tools for analyzing quality and reliability are from the company`s R&D department. For the selected failure mode, a comprehensive quality and reliability analysis is conducted that describes the design modifications and how modifications are affecting the reliability of the product. Theory section presents the importance of quality and reliability management, and also the theory of tools and techniques used for quality improvement. Case study presents the design enhancements of the product for improved reliability. To clarify the desired quality level, a user experience study is conducted. Based on design enhancements, user experience study and reliability estimations, a comprehensive understanding of the failure mode severity is introduced. Thesis work gives an estimation of the failure mode severity and a summary of the current failure mode state.
Leveraging social networking services on multipurpose public displays
Introduction to microdisplays
Video walls in control center SCADA system
Socially influencing systems : persuading people to engage with publicly displayed Twitter-based systems
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : Case Galaxo Ltd.
Human factors for technical communicators
Digital signage broadcasting : content management and distribution techniques
Exploring iPad for dummies
Test and development environment for display driver software
Introduction to flat panel displays
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
Digital signage : software, networks, advertising, and displays : a primer for understanding the business
iPod touch for dummies
Välkky kirjastoauto : a service & interaction design concept
Inkjet-printed quantum dot hybrid light-emitting devices - towards display applications
iPad for the over 50s in simple steps
FTIR TOUCH PANEL FOR A MOBILE DEVICE : Architecture and prototype evaluation
Situated crowdsourcing : feasibility, performance and behaviours
The new media : cultural identity and integration in the new media world : proceedings from the NEWMED Conference November 19-21, 1991 at the University of Industrial Arts Helsinki
iPad all-in-one for dummies
The best interface is no interface : the simple path to brilliant technology
The impact of electronic publishing : the future for publishers and librarians
Three-dimensional imaging, visualization, and display
Abstract: The purpose of the project was to implement an embedded system networking and vehicle information display. This was realized by the use of the Controller Area Network (CAN) as the protocol and the front end software Centrafuse for the display. There are many hardware implementation of CAN, the implementation used for the design was the Microchip PIC32MX795F512L microcontroller which has the CAN controller module integrated on it. The transceiver was the Microchip MCP25515 and the dongle was the CAN232 from Lawicel. My task in the project which was the display of vehicle information has been completed and tested using a simulation program. The result was the display of information identical to the stimuli. The other part, the implementation of embedded system networking is still in progress. When the entire project is completed, the design can be modified to be used in other application areas such as elevators and heaters.
Type on screen : a guide for designers, developers, writers, and students
This work was done in a company named TactoTek, which is specialized in embedding electronic components into 3D molded plastic. The technology allows curved touch interfaces produced cost efficiently by integrating infrared transmitters and receivers into molded plastic. How to design an optical touch application that runs on a microcontroller of limited power and processing resources providing touch functionality that meets today’s standards. The basic concepts of infrared detection and the frustrated total internal reflection (FTIR) phenomenon are gone through. The SW and HW architecture, signal processing and algorithms are described at high level. A prototype device was developed with PC connectivity in order to read the runtime data to be displayed in the signal monitoring application and to feed the algorithm on computer. A simulator SW was developed to explore different kinds of methods for calculating touch points. The best algorithm candidate was integrated in a microcontroller providing digital interface for host device communication. The prototype’s performance and accuracy was evaluated by using a robot tester and other manual measurement methods. In the end the prototype device was integrated in a cell phone with a rebuilt mechanics.The developed touch application has an accurate multi touch functionality and allows input to be given with gloved hands. In addition, a touch size, shape and relative pressure are calculated. This study proves that this technology has potential and it can compete with the existing technologies providing a good performance, accuracy and a multi-touch functionality. The challenge in the technology is the activation sensitivity compared to the capacitive, which does not need a physical contact for a touch activation. On the other hand the FTIR panel provides a more natural and secure input method for applications where unintentional touches should be avoided. This could be advantageous in consumer applications where usually buttons and switches have been used, for example household and automotive applications. In order to achieve an optimal solution, more studies are needed in the material, hardware and signal processing.
This paper presents results from a study on the effectiveness of digital signage in the retail environment. The goal of the study was to examine design parameters relevant to digital signage content design which could be used to create guidelines and templates for designing effective digital signage content. In this study, we focused on how video and animation affect the effectiveness of digital signage. When comparing still content with content enhanced with video or animation, no significant difference in effectiveness could be observed. This observation contradicts with earlier studies. Our study supports the views that the digital displays are currently most useful and effective to the younger generation, and that male customers consider digital displays in a store more useful than females do.
Implementation of an embedded system and vehicle information display
