http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3633 beavers
beavers
Harvey the decorator
Room for one more
A review to the beaver population and its management in Finland
Forest disturbance by an ecosystem engineer : beaver in boreal forest landscapes
The beaver : natural history of a wetlands engineer
Postglacial occurrence of the beaver (Castor fiber L.) in Finland
Beaver protection, management, and utilization in Europe and North America
Harvey the baker
Impact of beaver on its surrounding environment in Koli National Park, Finland
Pilgrims of the wild
Plant disturbance ecology : the process and the response
Water : a natural history
Ecological studies of a reintroduced beaver (Castor fiber) population
Results of beaver introduction, its resource status, and harvesting in Russia
Habitat use by different-aged duck broods and juvenile ducks
The beaver Castor fiber (L.) and Castor canadensis (Kuhl) in Finland
Harvey the carpenter
Canadian and European beavers in Karelia : state of populations : what to expect in future?
Proceedings of the third International Theriological Congress, Helsinki 15-20 August 1982. 6, Symposia on lagomorphs, beaver, bear, wolf and mustelids
Beavers in Russia : obvious management success and zoological problems 70 years later
Investigations on beavers. Vol. 4
Amazing animals ; fantastic forest
Investigations on beavers. Vol. 6
Duck habitat use and reproduction in boreal wetlands : importance of habitat quality and population density
New resinicolous ascomycetes from beaver scars in western North America
Restoring the European beaver : 50 years of experience
Little beaver and the big front tooth
The beaver & the elephant. Number 2
Too busy for Benjie
Trail to heaven : knowledge and narrative in a nothern native community
Canadian beaver (Castor canadensis kuhl.) in the Nature Reserve "Kostomukshsky" : population status, the role in biocenosis and humane economic activity
Beaver in the drainage basin: an ecosystem engineer restores wetlands in the boreal landscape
Harvey the gardener
Comparison of habitat uses between Eurasian (Castor fiber) and North American (C. canadensis) beavers
Observations and experiments on the ethology of the European beaver (Castor fiber L.) : a study in the development of phylogenetically adapted behaviour in a highly specialized mammal
