http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3632 genitals
genitals
Reproductive ultrasononography: the male : case studies
Advanced health assessment of women : clinical skills and procedures
Private pain : understanding vaginismus & dyspareunia = it's about life, not just sex..
Significance of plant gender and mycorrhizal symbiosis in plant life history traits
The abject object : avatars of the phallus in contemporary French theory, literature and film
The book of the penis
Pathways to pregnancy and parturition
Abstract.
Bates' guide to physical examination and history taking
Campbell-Walsh urology. Vol. 3
Ostergardȧs urogynecology and pelvic floor dysfunction
Campbell-Walsh urology. Vol. 4
Female mutilation : a global journey behind the curtains of the horrifying worldwide practice of female genital mutilation
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy. vol. 2, Internal organs
Current therapy in equine reproduction
Textbook of female urology and urogynecology
Everything a girl needs to know about her periods
Presented by an international team of experts, the new edition of Diagnostic Imaging: Gynecology features an exhaustive collection of imaging findings in gynecologic diseases. It pairs state-of-the-art images with extensive correlative imaging between ultrasound, sonohysterography, hysterosalpingography, MR, PET/CT, and gross specimens, while a dedicated Techniques section is designed to help optimize imaging protocols and enhance diagnostic specificity.
Making sex : body and gender from the Greeks to Freud
The anatomy coloring book
Radiology of urogenital diseases in dogs and cats
Genetics of Müllerian aplasia
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts : Section 7: Endocrinology. Vol 7, Female reproductive system, part 2
Reproductive system : a compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy of the reproductive system
Men's sexual health
Sexing the body : gender politics and the construction of sexuality
Researching gender in adult learning
Expression of nucleoprotein, HSP70-related protein, and calmodulin genes during spermatogenesis
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts : Section 7: Endocrinology. Vol. 2, Female reproductive system, part 1
Radiology illustrated. Gynecologic imaging
Obstetric and gynaecological ultrasound made easy
Hypospadias : factors associated with origin and successful treatment of this anomaly
Idols to incubators : reproduction theory through the ages
Have you started yet? : you and your period : getting the facts straight
What's going on down there? : answer to questions boys find hard to ask
Playing dirty : sexuality and waste in early modern comedy
Promoting healthy behaviour : practical guide for nursing and healthcare
Real anatomy 1.0
Hada skraelingia (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae) finds from Finland and description of the genitalia
Equine stud farm medicine and surgery
Urogenital surgery
The female pelvis : anatomy & exercises
Color atlas of human anatomy. Volume 2, Internal organs
Selenium, glutathione peroxidase and some metal ions in male reproductive system
Dick for a day : what would you do if you had one?
Diagnosis and management of patients with clinically suspected acute pelvic inflammatory disease
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
Trypsinogens and trypsin inhibitor (PSTI/TATI) : expression in urogenital organs and tumors
Reproductive ultrasononography: the female : case studies
The natural health bible for women : the complete guide for women of all ages
Nucleic acid hybridization techniques in diagnosis of human papilloma virus (HPV) infections of the uterine cervix
Why do some people prefer heterosexual love while others fancy the same sex? Is sexual identity biologically determined or a product of convention? In this brilliant and provocative book, the acclaimed author of Myths of Gender argues that even the most fundamental knowledge about sex is shaped by the culture in which scientific knowledge is produced.Drawing on astonishing real-life cases and a probing analysis of centuries of scientific research, Fausto-Sterling demonstrates how scientists have historically politicized the body. In lively and impassioned prose, she breaks down three key dualisms - sex/gender, nature/nurture, and real/constructed - and asserts that individuals born as mixtures of male and female exist as one of five natural human variants and, as such, should not be forced to compromise their differences to fit a flawed societal definition of normality.
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Sect. 7, Endocrinology : vol. 5 : Male reproductive system
The vulva : anatomy, physiology, and pathology
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 6, The internal organs
Obstetrics & gynaecology
Manhood : the rise and fall of the penis
Gonadotropin hormone releasing hormone (GnRH) in rat brain : changes during estrous cycle, pregnancy, after gonadectomy, hypophysectomy and steroid hormone substitutions
Wheater's functional histology : a text and colour atlas
Testicular morphology in Corriedale rams : influence of feeding management under extensive rearing conditions in the Río de la Plata grasslands
Female genital mutilation in Kenya : a literature review
Sex, puberty and all that stuff : a guide to qrowing up
Vagina : a cultural history : a new biography
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Reproductive biomechanics
Textbook of female urology and urogynecology. Vol. 2
Form and function in birds. Vol. 1
Treating Prostate Cancer and Related Genitourinary Applications
A guide to sexual and erectile dysfunction in men
Andrology for the clinician
Form and function in birds. 2
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 1, The upper extremity
Campbell-Walsh urology. Vol. 2
Emergency care of the woman
The story of V : opening Pandora's box
'A meticulous guide not only to the vagina but to changing perceptions of womanhood' Observer It is the seat of female sexual pleasure, and the passage for both the creation and the birth of humankind. Yet we know less about the vagina than we do about any other organ of the human body. Why? In this dazzling smorgasbord of facts about female genitalia, Catherine Blackledge explores how the vagina has been conceived and misconceived over the centuries. In the past, medicine has misrepresented female sexual anatomy, reducing its remarkable complexities to the notion of a passive vessel. But, as this book shows, science is at last beginning to reveal the true structure and function of female genitalia, and the dynamic nature of the vagina's role in both sexual pleasure and reproduction. With a wide-ranging perspective that takes in prehistoric art, ancient history, linguistics, mythology, evolutionary theory, reproductive biology and medicine, Catherine Blackledge unveils the hidden marvels of the female form. About the Author: Cath Blackledge has a Ph.D. in chemistry from Birkbeck College, London. She has worked as a reporter, news editor and editor for numerous specialist publications, including European Chemical News and Pharmaceutical Business News, and is a former science and medical correspondent for The European. Now a freelance science writer and broadcaster, she also holds a part-time research position at the Wellcome Institute for the History of Medicine. In 1999, she was shortlisted for the prestigious Glaxo Science Writers Prize.
Descriptive findings on the convergence of female and male mortality in Europe
Summary.
Love your lady landscape : trust your gut, care for 'down there' and reclaim your fierce and feminine SHE power
The functioning of the testes in the common shrew (Sorex araneus L.) in northern Finland
Africa and India : what do we have to learn from each other?
Urogenital problems in adults following childhood vesico-ureteral reflux
Distribution, secretion and properties of some exopeptidases in the male reproductive organs
Feminization of poverty and its economic determinants
Color atlas and textbook of human anatomy. 2, Internal organs
Blaustein's pathology of the female genital tract
Love Your Lady Landscape is a healing journey through the terrain of what it is to be a woman. When a woman isn't in alignment with her feminine essence, she may experience exhaustion and overwhelm, lack sexual desire or passion for life, and generally feel “out of sync”.
Sexually transmitted infections : nursing care and management
What do we know about susceptibility of mares to endometritis
Exploring the dimensions of human sexuality
Heterogeneity in genetic susceptibility to prostate cancer
Pathways to pregnancy & parturition
Genital variation in moths : evolutionary and systematic perspectives
Physical activity and sleep profiles in Finnish men and women
Pathology and genetics of tumours of the urinary system and male genital organs
Vesicovaginal fistula in developing countries : women's health problem
Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A : distribution in the female and male genital tract and circulating levels in early pregnancy
Sensory and non-sensory factors behind the liking and choice of healthy food products
On living through Soviet Russia
Campbell-Walsh urology
Prevention of Vesicovagina fistula : a literature review and experience from Zambia
Psychosocial processes of health behaviour change in a lifestyle intervention : influences of gender, socioeconomic status and personality
The maculate muse : obscene language in Attic comedy
Operative treatment of genital prolapse
Gynaecological nursing : a practical guide
Essentials of human anatomy & physiology
Electron microscopic concepts of secretion : ultrastructure of endocrine and reproductive organs
