http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3645 psychogerontology
psychogerontology
Gerontology : perspectives and issues
The Oxford Handbook of Clinical Geropsychology is a landmark publication in this field, providing broad and authoritative coverage of the research and practice issues in the field today, as well as innovations expanding the field's horizons. It includes chapters from the foremost scholars in clinical geropsychology from around the world.
Aging and mental health
"With the world's population getting increasingly older, there has never been a more pressing need for the study of old age and ageing. An Introduction to Gerontology provides a wide-ranging introduction to this important topic. By assuming no prior expert knowledge and avoiding jargon, this book will guide students through all the main subjects in gerontology, covering both traditional areas, such as biological and social ageing, as well as more contemporary areas, such as technology, the arts, sexuality and education of older adults. An Introduction to Gerontology is written by a team of international authors with multidisciplinary backgrounds who draw evidence from a variety of different perspectives and traditions".
Understanding old age : critical and global perspectives
Growing older in Europe
You bring out the music in me : music in nursing homes
Coping with aging
Issue Mapping for an Ageing Europe
Comprehensive clinical psychology. Vol. 7, Clinical geropsychology
Psychological problems of ageing : assessment, treatment and care
Individual differences in the aging memory : mediation accounts, moderators, and contextual factors
Storying later life : issues, investigations, and interventions in narrative gerontology
Learning to be old : gender, culture, and aging
Gerontological practice for the twenty-first century : a social work perspective
Narrative gerontology : theory, research, and practice
The psychology of ageing : an introduction
Physical dimensions of aging
GeroPsychology : European perspectives for an aging world
Psychosocial components of occupational therapy
Depression and older people : towards securing well-being in later life
Geriatric mental health care : a treatment guide for health professionals
"This book offers a practical and theoretical examination of issue mapping with digital methodologies. The issue at stake concerns the European population where in the near future the old will outnumber the young, threatening the stability of both pension and healthcare systems, and changing the migration patterns of those who need and who provide care. Drawing on the latest theoretical approaches to issue mapping, the authors put them into practice through online mapping techniques to demonstrate ways of exploring the complex issue of demographics and the debates surrounding data available online. The authors use the websites of non-governmental organizations to locate the ageing issue agenda, and varying levels of attention given to the shared as well as isolated concerns. Online job portals provide data about not only employment opportunities but also the movement of care workers, pointing up potential 'victim states' in the ageing world. Search engine queries are designed to identify cultural philosophies about ageing, not to mention European anti-ageing cuisine" --
Highlights of modern psychiatry
Handbook of the clinical psychology of ageing
Essentials of gerontological nursing : adaptation to the aging process
Meaning in life and its relation to functioning in old age
Aging : an introduction to gerontology
Home and identity in late life : international perspectives
Mental health and the elderly
Adult development & aging : biopsychosocial perspectives
The aging individual : physical and psychological perspectives
Life-span and change in a gerontological perspective
This newest edition of a core graduate level textbook has added six new chapters to further enrich the “gerontological imagination,” and encourage an interdisciplinary approach to the study of aging. Academically rigorous yet clear and accessible, the text provides the most current findings from leading gerontological researchers and practitioners. New and updated chapters examine biology, exercise science/nutrition, communication science, geriatric medicine and nursing, demography, anthropology, economics, human development, psychology, political science, sociology, social work, and law, to provide broadly drawn perspectives on the study of aging. Special emphasis is placed on current challenges regarding policy and service delivery in the face of fiscal uncertainty. Additionally, this new edition covers international outlooks on aging given the increasing influence of globalization on individual lives. By interweaving knowledge from a broad range of disciplines, Wilmoth and Ferraro have created a comprehensive picture of gerontology today that will enhance course instruction and provide a new window into the future of the discipline.
An Introduction to Gerontology provides a wide-ranging introduction to this important topic. By assuming no prior expert knowledge and avoiding jargon, this book will guide students through all the main subjects in gerontology, covering both traditional areas, such as biological and social ageing, as well as more contemporary areas, such as technology, the arts, sexuality and education of older adults. An Introduction to Gerontology is written by a team of international authors with multidisciplinary backgrounds who draw evidence from a variety of different perspectives and traditions.
Ageing and development : theories and research
The mature mind : the positive power of the aging brain
The Oxford handbook of clinical geropsychology
The many faces of health, competence and well-being in old age : integrating epidemiological, psychological and social perspectives
Aging, globalization, and inequality : the new critical gerontology
An introduction to gerontology
Clinical geropsychology
Successful ageing and the capacity to thrive in old age : a review of the key elements
