http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3648 legal systems
legal systems
Feminism and Islamic fundamentalism : the limits of postmodern analysis
The legal system of Israel
West's encyclopedia of American law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 2, The legal systems of the world, their comparison and unification : chapter 5, the international unification of private law
The law and legal theory of the Greeks : an introduction
Major criminal justice systems : a comparative survey
Access to Finnish law [Talentum verkkokirjahylly]
Comparative law and legal system : historical and socio-legal perstectives
Financial engineering and Islamic contracts
Law in a changing society
Authority without power : law and the Japanese paradox
Basic documents on the Soviet legal system
Global Journal of Animal Law
Swiss constitutional law
Comparative law
Law and the legal system
The law of Mauritius and Seychelles : a study of two small mixed legal systems
The rule of law : political theory and the legal system in modern society
Death comes to Pemberley
Law and legal system of the Russian Federation
The distinctiveness of Soviet law
Features of the Hungarian legal system after 2010
The last juror
The English legal system : key cases
Innovations as communication processes : a legal architecture for governing ideas in business
Introduction to law
China's developing legal aid system
Hindu law and legal theory
China business law guide
The four imams : [their lives, works and their schools of thought]
Law and society
The english legal system
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
Boswell for the defence, 1769-1774
Rumpole misbehaves : a novel
Easy guide to Australian law
Introduction to the English legal system : 2010-2011
Shari'a : Islamic law in the contemporary context
English legal system
Intellectual property strategies and firm growth : evidence from Finnish small business data
Rule of law and legal complexity in the People's Republic of China
Fazhi fazhan yu sifa gaige : Zhongguo yu Fenlan de bijiao = Rule of law development and judicial reform : a comparision between China and Finland
An introduction to comparative legal models of criminal justice
Justice and civil rights
Jewish jurisprudence : its sources and modern applications. Vol. 2
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
Law : A-level study guide
"A close examination of an understudied European Union member state such as Romania reveals that, since 1989, postcommunist state and non-state actors have adopted a wide range of methods, processes, and practices of working through the communist past. Both the timing and the sequencing of these transitional justice methods prove to be significant in determining the efficacy of addressing and redressing the crimes of 1945 to 1989. In addition, there is evidence that some of these methods have directly facilitated the democratization process, while the absence of other methods has undermined the rule of law. This is the first volume to overview the complex Romanian transitional justice effort, by accessing secret archives and investigating court trials of former communist perpetrators, lustration, compensation and rehabilitation, property restitution, the truth commission, the rewriting of history books, and unofficial truth projects. It details the political negotiations that have led to the adoption of relevant legislation and assesses these processes in terms of their timing, sequencing, and impact on democratization"--
A source-book on French law : system, methods, outlines of contract
The English legal process
Administration of justice : principles and procedures
Women, agency and the law, 1300-1700
The Scottish legal system : an introduction to the study of Scots law
B.R. Verma's Islamic law : personal being commentaries on Mohammedan law (in India, Pakistan and Bangladesh)
An introduction to the legal system of the People's Republic of China
The criminal justice system : Finland
Russian peasants go to court : legal culture in the countryside 1905-1917
Islamic law and judiciary : trend-setting judicial pronouncements on Islamic law since 1950
Modernization of law and its codificational trends in the Afro-Asiatic legal development
Courts and country : the limits of litigation and the social and political life of Canada
A source-book on French law : public law: constitutional and administrative law : private law: structure, contract
The German legal system and legal language : a general survey together with notes and German vocabulary
Jurisprudence. 5, part 8: the system of law; index 5
The origins of political order : from prehuman times to the French revolution
A common law for the age of statutes
Comparative law in a changing world
Divine collision : an African boy, an American lawyer, and their remarkable battle for freedom
State's crimes against humanity : genocide, deportation, and torture from the perspectives of international and Islamic laws
Islam beyond conflict : Indonesian Islam and Western political theory
American law : an introductory survey of some principles, cases and texts
The European Expansion of TrueCPA Group
An introduction to the Hong Kong legal system
We are all the same, but .. : Kenyan and Swedish school children's views on children's rights
Introduction to foreign legal systems
Invitation to law
An introduction to law
Law, justice and politics
The American system of criminal justice
The common law
The legal system
Law and social change in a Chinese Community : a case study from rural Taiwan
Authoritarian rule of law : legislation, discourse, and legitimacy in Singapore
Islamic law : theory and interpretation
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
International encyclopedia of comparative law. Volume 7, Contracts in general
Introduction to the legal system of the United States
Yifazhiguo yu sifa gaige = Rule of law and judical reform
Juridica international : law review
Frontiers of law in China : selected publications from Chinese universities
Strengthening the criminal justice system : from the ADB regional workshop in Dhaka, Bangladesh, 30-31 May 2006.
The English legal system
Lacy Stoltz is an investigator for the Florida Board on Judicial Conduct. She is a lawyer, not a cop, and it is her job to respond to complaints dealing with judicial misconduct. After nine years with the Board, she knows that most problems are caused by incompetence, not corruption. But a corruption case eventually crosses her desk. A previously disbarred lawyer is back in business with a new identity. He now goes by the name Greg Myers, and he claims to know of a Florida judge who has stolen more money than all other crooked judges combined. And not just crooked judges in Florida. All judges, from all states, and throughout U.S. history. What's the source of the ill-gotten gains? It seems the judge was secretly involved with the construction of a large casino on Native American land. The Coast Mafia financed the casino and is now helping itself to a sizable skim of each month's cash. The judge is getting a cut and looking the other way. It's a sweet deal: Everyone is making money. But now Greg wants to put a stop to it. His only client is a person who knows the truth and wants to blow the whistle and collect millions under Florida law. Greg files a complaint with the Board on Judicial Conduct, and the case is assigned to Lacy Stoltz, who immediately suspects that this one could be dangerous. Dangerous is one thing. Deadly is something else.
Lakikielen sanakirja : suomi - englanti = Finnish-English law dictionary
Jewish jurisprudence. Vol. 1 : Its sources and modern applications
An introduction to law and legal reasoning
The governance of legal pluralism : empirical studies from Africa and beyond
China law deskbook : a legal guide for foreign-invested enterprises. Vol. 2
Judicial power and public liability for judicial acts
Problems of interaction between English imposed system of law and Luo customary law in Kenia
Arctic human development report : regional processes and global linkages
On valid law and valid moral norms
Introduction to Dutch law for foreign lawyers
Success in law
Hamlyn revisited : the British legal system today
Principles of French law
EU law concentrate
The Italian legal system
Russian legal culture before and after communism : criminal justice, politics and the public sphere
Introduction to Turkish law
Introduction to law and the legal system
A killing in the hills
Essays in classical and modern Hindu law. 1, Dharmaśastra and related ideas
"Logic and law have a long history in common, but the influence has been mostly one-sided, except perhaps in the 5th and 6th centuries B.C., where disputes at the market place or in tribunals in Greece seem to have stimulated a lot of reflection among sophistic philosophers on such topics as language and truth. Most of the time it was logic that influenced legal thinking, but in the last 50 years logicians began to be interested in normative concepts and hence in law"--
China's laws
Understanding law
The criminal justice system of Finland : a general introduction
The whistler
An introduction to the legal system of the United States
Introduction to the law in the United States
A matter of interpretation : federal courts and the law
International business : the new realities
Legal theory and common law
Pragmatism and theory in English law
The Soviet legal system
Major legal systems in the world today : an introduction to the comparative study of law
The concept of a legal system : an introduction to the theory of legal system
Access to Finnish law
Talks on American law
Introduction to English law
Perspectives on Soviet law for the 1980s
Once a jolly hangman : Singapore justice in the dock
In the shadow of the prophet : the struggle for the soul of islam
Family law : (Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Parsis and Jews)
Danish law : a general survey
Deontic logic and legal systems
Law & anthropology : natural resources, environment, and legal pluralism
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Civil code of the German Democratic Republic of June 19, 1975.
Islamic law : understanding juristic differences
Is jihād a just war? : war, peace and human rights under Islamic and public international law
Comparative concepts of criminal law
The civil law tradition : an introduction to the legal systems of Western Europe and Latin America
The gift
French legal system
Law in the United States : a general and comparative view
The criminal justice system : an introduction
United States legal language and culture : an introduction to the U.S. Common Law System
Legal institutions today and tomorrow
Segragation as basis for legal systems : Study case South African apartheid
Introduction to Polish law
Walker & Walker's English legal system
Law in the USSR
The legal system : a social science perspective
Introduction to the English legal system : 2011-2012
Principles of law relating to international trade
Islamic jurisprudence : an international perspective
Law and institutions of modern China : critical concepts in law. 2, Legal institutions of the People's Republic of China
AI approaches to the complexity of legal systems : models and ethical challenges for legal systems, legal language and legal ontologies, argumentation and software agents : international workshop AICOL-III, held as part of the 25th IVR Congress Frankfurt am Main, Germany, August 15-16, 2011 : revised selected papers
The simple truth
The concept of islamic economy as articulated in Sokoto : social justice and state responsibility
English, French and German comparative law
General principles of Scots law
Bibliography of Hungarian legal literature, 1945-1965
Principles of Hindu law
Seminar presented at the consulate general of Finland for the Turku court of appeal judges : april 19, 2004
Legal transplants : an approach to comparative law
The reversal
China's long march toward rule of law
The law and economics
The Japanese legal system : cases, codes, and commentary
The concept of a legal system
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1, National reports : L/M, Laos, Lebanon, Lesotho, Liberia, Libya, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Malagasy Republic, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mexico, Monaco, Mongolia, Morocco
An introduction to Swedish law
UK government & politics
Panorama of world's legal systems : focusing on Finland
Rogue lawyer
Introduction to Italian law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 2, The legal systems of the world their comparison and unification : chapter 5, the international unification of private law
Popular justice : a history of American criminal justice
Summary. Concluding remarks (s. 417-426).
Transitional justice in post-communist Romania : the politics of memory
The legal system of the People's Republic of China in a nutshell
