http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3640 New Left
New Left
Toward a marxist humanism : essays on the left today
Fools, frauds and firebrands : thinkers of the new left
The politics of authenticity : liberalism, Christianity and the New Left in America
China and new left visions : political and cultural interventions
Critique for what? : cultural studies, American studies, Left studies
What is radical politics today?
Revolution in the air : sixties radicals turn to Lenin, Mao and Che
Living inside our hope : a steadfast radical's thoughts on rebuilding the movement
Left illusions : an intellectual odyssey
The left unraveled : social democracy and the new left challenge in Britain and West Germany
Latin America's new left and the politics of gender : lessons from Nicaragua
The movements of the New Left, 1950-1975 : a brief history with documents
The rise and fall of the American left
Linking civil society and the state : urban popular movements, the left, and local government in Peru, 1980-1992
The New Left : the anti-industrial revolution
The whole world is watching : mass media in the making & unmaking of the New Left
The dark side of the Left : illiberal Egalitarianism in America
American Left : its impact on politics and society since 1900
The political economy of the New Left : an outsider's view
Social justice and the politics of community
Intellectuals in action : the origins of the new left and radical liberalism, 1945-1970
The thinkers who have been most influential on the attitudes of the New Left are examined in this study by one of the leading critics of leftist orientations in modern Western civilization. Scruton begins with a ruthless analysis of New Leftism and concludes with a critique of the key strands in its thinking. He conducts a reappraisal of such major left-wing thinkers as: E. P. Thompson, Ronald Dworkin, R. D. Laing, Jurgen Habermas, Gyorgy Lukacs, Jean-Paul Sartre, Jacques Derrida, Slavoj Zizek, Ralph Milliband and Eric Hobsbawm. In addition to assessments of these thinkers' philosophical and political contributions, the book contains a biographical and bibliographical section summarizing their careers and most important writings. In Thinkers of the New Left Scruton asks, what does the Left look like today and as it has evolved since 1989? He charts the transfer of grievances from the working class to women, gays and immigrants, asks what can we put in the place of radical egalitarianism, and what explains the continued dominance of antinomian attitudes in the intellectual world? Can there be any foundation for resistance to the leftist agenda without religious faith? Scruton's exploration of these important issues is written with skill, perception and at all times with pellucid clarity. The result is a devastating critique of modern left-wing thinking.
Transformations and crises : the left and the nation in Denmark and Sweden, 1956-1980
