http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3653 electronic money
electronic money digital money
Mastering Bitcoin
Virtual economies : design and analysis
Grenzüberschreitender Zahlungsverkehr im europäischen Binnenmarkt = Transboundary payment transactions in the European single market = Transactions financières transfrontières dans le Marché unique européen
Payment and financial innovation, reserve demand and implementation of monetary policy
Cryptography and e-commerce
E-commerce law : doing business online
Electronic money trends : user's perspective
Take advantage of Bitcoin’s underlying technology, the blockchain, to build massively scalable, decentralized applications known as dapps. In this practical guide, author Siraj Raval explains why dapps will become more widely used—and profitable—than today’s most popular web apps. You’ll learn how the blockchain’s cryptographically stored ledger, scarce-asset model, and peer-to-peer (P2P) technology provide a more flexible, better-incentivized structure than current software models. Once you understand the theory behind dapps and what a thriving dapp ecosystem looks like, Raval shows you how to use existing tools to create a working dapp. You’ll then take a deep dive into the OpenBazaar decentralized market, and examine two case studies of successful dapps currently in use. Learn advances in distributed-system technology that make distributed data, wealth, identity, computing, and bandwidth possible Build a Twitter clone with the Go language, distributed architecture, decentralized messaging app, and peer-to-peer data store Learn about OpenBazaar’s decentralized market and its structure for supporting transactions Explore Lighthouse, a decentralized crowdfunding project that rivals sites such as Kickstarter and IndieGogo Take an in-depth look at La’Zooz, a P2P ridesharing app that transmits data directly between riders and drivers.
Virtual billions : the genius, the drug lord, and the Ivy League twins behind the rise of bitcoin
Balancing the rights of consumers and service providers in electronic retail lending in Estonia
Blockchains are new technology layers that rewire the Internet and threaten to side-step older legacy constructs and centrally served businesses. At its core, a blockchain injects trust into the network, cutting off some intermediaries from serving that function and creatively disrupting how they operate. Metaphorically, blockchains are the ultimate non-stop computers. Once launched, they never go down, and offer an incredible amount of resiliency, making them dependable and attractive for running a new generation of decentralized services and software applications. The Business Blockchain charts new territory in advancing our understanding of the blockchain by unpacking its elements like no other before. William Mougayar anticipates a future that consists of thousands, if not millions of blockchains that will enable not only frictionless value exchange, but also a new flow of value, redefining roles, relationships, power and governance. In this book, Mougayar makes two other strategic assertions. First, the blockchain has polymorphic characteristics; its application will result in a multiplicity of effects. Second, we shouldn't ask ourselves what problems the blockchain solves, because that gives us a narrow view on its potential. Rather, we should imagine new opportunities, and tackle even more ambitious problems that cross organizational, regulatory and mental boundaries. Drawing on 34 years of technology industry experience as an executive, analyst, consultant, entrepreneur, startup mentor, author, blogger, educator, thought leader and investor, William Mougayar describes a future that is influenced by fundamental shifts brought by blockchain technology as the catalyst for change ... Just as the Internet created new possibilities that we didn't foresee in its early years, the blockchain will give rise to new business models and ideas that may still be invisible.
Decentralized applications : harnessing bitcoin's blockchain technology
OECD information technology outlook 2000 : ICTs, E-commerce and the information economy
Gateways to the global market : consumers and electronic commerce
The market for electronic cash cards
Introduction to electronic commerce
Electronic commerce 2010 : a managerial perspective
Electronic commerce and the law
Essays on customers in the dawn of interactive banking
The Internet as we know it is great for collaboration and communication, but is deeply flawed when it comes to commerce and privacy. The new blockchain technology facilitates peer-to-peer transactions without any intermediary such as a bank or governing body. Keeping the user's information anonymous, the blockchain validates and keeps a permanent public record of all transactions. That means that your personal information is private and secure, while all activity is transparent and incorruptible--reconciled by mass collaboration and stored in code on a digital ledger. With its advent, we will not need to trust each other in the traditional sense, because trust is built into the system itself.
Electronic commerce : a manager's guide
Digital cash : commerce on the Net
Global perspectives on E-commerce taxation law
Executive summary (s. 7-10).
Cryptocurrency : the future of money
Comparative study of cashless payment methods concentrating on direct debiting
Globalization and money : a global South perspective
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
The coming cashless society
Law and the Internet : a framework for electronic commerce
Internet and EDI in effective accounting
Cybercash : the coming era of electronic money
The ultimate guide to bitcoins
The law of international on-line business : a global perspective
The business blockchain : promise, practice, and application of the next internet technology
Information technology law
Electronic commerce : strategies and models for business-to-business trading
The industries of the future
Surveys on electronic money
Blockchain : blueprint for a new economy
Bitcoin as a future currency
The Internet as a retail channel
Electronic commerce : opportunities and challenges for government
Bitcoin : the future of money?
Open EDI and law in Europe : a regulatory framework
Electronic publishing and libraries : planning for the impact and growth to 2003
Legal issues in electronic banking
Digital money : the new era of Internet commerce
How would you like to pay? : how technology is changing the future of money
Cryptocurrency : how Bitcoin and digital money are challenging the global economic order
Financial cryptography : 5th International Conference, FC 2001, Grand Cayman, British West Indies, February 19-22,  2001, proceedings
Cross-border electronic banking : challenges and opportunities
How do you manage electronic commerce? What is the technology behind electronic commerce? Electronic Commerce: A Manager's Guide is a starting point for business managers and professionals involved with electronic commerce, as well as professionals/users who want to keep abreast of the latest trends and issues in management practices affected by electronic commerce technology. Authors Ravi Kalakota and Andrew Whinston take a down-to-earth approach to a very important business subject, with insightful examples to show how ideas have been put into practice. Highlights *Provides a clear overview of what electronic commerce is all about. *Specifies the business uses and technology directions of the World Wide Web *Clarifies management issues facing Internet Service Providers. *Explains firewalls, transaction security, and electronic payment methods. *Describes electronic commerce applications and challenges in banking, retailing, and publishing. *Covers electronic commerce applications internally within the corporation -- supply-chain management, manufacturing, and finance.
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Study of electronic payment systems in online businesses
The emergence and scope of complex system/service innovation : the case of the mobile payment services market in Finland
Blockchain revolution : how the technology behind bitcoin is changing money, business, and the world
Electronic banking in Finland : consumer beliefs, attitudes, intentions and behaviors
With hindsight - writings revisited
Introduction to e-commerce
Bitcoin and cryptocurrency technologies : a comprehensive introduction
Electronic commerce : technical, business, and legal issues
