http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p365 time travel
time travel
Time was
The wheels of change & the time machine
The box of delights  : or when the wolves were running
"From the award-winning author of Hide Me Among the Graves, Last Call, Declare, and Three Days to Never, a phantasmagoric, thrilling, mind-bending tale of speculative fiction in which one man must uncover occult secrets of 1920s Hollywood to save his family. In the wake of their Aunt Amity's suicide, Scott and Madeline Madden are summoned to Caveat, the eerie, decaying mansion in the Hollywood hills in which they were raised. But their decadent and reclusive cousins, the malicious wheelchair-bound Claimayne and his sister, Ariel, do not welcome Scott and Madeline's return to the childhood home they once shared. While Scott desperately wants to go back to their shabby South-of-Sunset lives, he cannot pry his sister away from this haunted "House of Usher in the Hollywood Hills" that is a conduit for the supernatural.Decorated by bits salvaged from old hotels and movie sets, Caveat hides a dark family secret that stretches back to the golden days of Rudolph Valentino and the silent film stars. A collection of hypnotic eight-limbed abstract images inked on paper allows the Maddens to briefly fragment and flatten time - to transport themselves into the past and future in visions that are both puzzling and terrifying. Though their cousins know little about these ancient "spiders" which provoke unpredictable temporal dislocations, Ariel and Claimayne have been using for years - an addiction that has brought Claimayne to the brink of selfish destruction. As Madeline falls more completely under Caveat's spell, Scott discovers that to protect her, he must use the perilous spiders himself. But will he unravel the mystery of the Madden family's past and finally free them. or be pulled deeper into their deadly web?"--
Confessions of a Jane Austen addict
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 28 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation / Mari Morimoto]
How Mirka caught a fish
The dark highlander
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 10 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation: Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
Doctor Who : the Twelfth Doctor. Volume 5, The twist
108 tips for time travellers : your essential quide to new technology and the future
Doughnuts for dragons
Reap the wind
Chasing stars
Touch the dark
Doctor Who:   The Eight Doctor . Vol. 1,  a matter of life and death
InterWorld
Pastworld
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 2 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation/Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 5 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation/Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
Down station
New Pompeii
Eternity's wheel
After going through a time gateway, Caleb Hornblower is stuck in the present. He needs to find a way to return to the future, but after falling in love with Liberty Stone, Caleb isn't sure he can leave the past behind.
Doctor Who : the Eleventh Doctor. Vol 3, Conversion
A cosmic timewarp deathtrip to the primordial infinite of everlasting love.
Vampire watchmen
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 14 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation: Mari Morimoto]
Jerry Cornelius : his life and his times
The time trap
How to live safely in a science fictional universe
The first fifteen lives of Harry August
T.I.M.E stories
Back to the future : the game : 30th anniversary edition : Xbox 360.
A highly unlikely scenario : or, a Neetsa Pizza employee's guide to saving the world
Undead and unforgiven / MaryJanice Davidson
Princess Mia
Compton Valance Super F.A.R.T.s versus the Master of Time
Medusa's web : a novel
City of shadows
Outlander : Cross stitch
Olympic flame chase
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 19 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation / Mari Morimoto]
Back to the future : the game : 30th anniversary edition : Xbox One
Drums of autumn : [a novel]
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 29 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation / Mari Morimoto]
The scientific secrets of Doctor Who
Compton Valance, the most powerful boy in the Universe
Across the universe
Here, there be dragons
Clear blue tomorrows
Hollow City : the second novel of Miss Peregrine's peculiar children
The door that led to where
To tame a Highland warrior
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 18 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation / Mari Morimoto]
The thief of time
Doctor Who. The Official Annual 2017
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 12 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation: Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 8 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation: Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
Thermae Romae. III
Jet black heart
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
The Victorian moo-ders
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 9 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation: Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
Doctor Who : the ninth doctor. Vol. 1, Weapons of past destruction
The space between : an Outlander novella
The last beginning
The time-travelling sandwich bites back
The dinosaur that pooped the past
All for Stilton, Stilton for all!
The map of time
Essays of travel and in the art of writing
The gardener from Ochakov
The search for Heinrich Schlögel : a novel
The time machine
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
Jodie Broom and the library card
Go set a watchman
The key
The Black Lotus
The return of the discontinued man : a Burton & Swinburne adventure
The entropy of bones
Chrononauts
In the future, the entire population is under a de facto dictatorship because of cerebral implants invented by one F.G. Wilson. Nolan Ska, an engineer, manages to travel back in time, with the intention of changing history by encouraging Wilson's first career: novelist. But the man who will eventually become a seemingly immortal despot turns out to be a poor writer, and it will be up to Nolan to use his own memories to be his ghost writer.
The empire of time
The long utopia
The world exists for me. Volume 1
Designing shift calendar for mobile phone
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 1 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation/Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
Back to the future : the game : 30th anniversary edition : PS4
Star Trek : The manga ultimate edition
Fortunately, the milk
Travel back in time
The square root of summer
The fire chronicle
Into the Dim
Illustrated Eric
Analysing spatial accessibility patterns with travel time and distance measures : novel approaches for rural and urban contexts
Star trek : the original series. Season 2
Recurrence plot : (and other time travel tales)
Sludging through a sewer
The secret of Abdu El Yezdi : a Burton & Swinburne adventure
The architect of aeons
The Vanishers
The world exists for me. Volume 2
X-Men : the age of Apocalypse. 1 : Alpha
Morrigan's cross
The mammoth book of time travel SF
Kiss of the highlander
In the company of thieves
The kingdom of Ohio
Shades of earth
Justin Thyme
Mr. Peabody & Sherman
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
Ivan Vasilievich : back to the future [= Ivan Vasiljevitš menjajet professiju]
The entropy of bones : a novel
Doctor Who : the eleventh doctor. Vol 5, the one
The recollection
Station eleven : a novel
The search for the red dragon
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 7 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation/Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
T.I.M.E. stories
Bill & Ted's excellent adventure : 25th anniversary edition
The dark
Old magic
Energy giant NovusCorp has developed the tech to transport people from the past to the present day, and they have just moved the lost population of Pompeii to a replica city. Historian Nick Houghton is brought in to study the Romans, but he soon realises that NovusCorp are underestimating their captives. The Romans may be ignorant of modern technology, but they once ruled an empire. The stage is set for the ultimate clash of cultures.
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 3 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation/Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
The time traveller's almanac : the ultimate treasury of time travel fiction - brought to you from the future
Star trek : the original series. Season 3
Dory is on holiday with her family when she finds an old jar below a mossy tree. The note inside changes everything. 'Dearest Eli, I cannot wait for the day that we escape . . .' A jet pendant and a dark tangle of secrets draw Dory back in time and into the arms of the gorgeous Eli. Can Dory help save Eli's sister from their cruel father, or will she -- and all she holds dear -- be lost to the jet black heart? / WorldCat.
12 May 1940. Westminster, London, England: the early days of World War II. Again. Raybould Marsh, one of "our" Britain's best spies, has travelled to another Earth in a desperate attempt to save at least one timeline from the Cthulhu-like monsters who have been observing our species from space and have already destroyed Marsh's timeline. In order to accomplish this, he must remove all traces of the supermen that were created by the Nazi war machine and caused the spectors from outer space to notice our planet in the first place. His biggest challenge is the mad seer Greta, one of the most powerful of the Nazi creations, who has sent a version of herself to this timeline to thwart Marsh. Why would she stand in his way? Because she has seen that in all the timelines she dies and she is determined to stop that from happening, even if it means destroying most of humanity in the process. And Marsh is the only man who can stop her. Necessary Evil is the stunning conclusion to Ian Tregillis's Milkweed series.
Twelve monkeys : special edition : limited edition
Ptolemy's gate
"From V.E. Schwab, the critically acclaimed author of Vicious, comes a new universe of daring adventure, thrilling power, and parallel Londons, beginning with A Darker Shade of Magic.  Kell is one of the last Travelers--magicians with a rare, coveted ability to travel between parallel universes--as such, he can choose where he lands. There's Grey London, dirty and boring, without any magic, ruled by a mad King George. Then there's Red London, where life and magic are revered, and the Maresh Dynasty presides over a flourishing empire. White London, ruled by whoever has murdered their way to the throne--a place where people fight to control magic, and the magic fights back, draining the city to its very bones. And once upon a time, there was Black London...but no one speaks of that now. Officially, Kell is the Red Traveler, personal ambassador and adopted Prince of Red London, carrying the monthly correspondences between the royals of each London. Unofficially, Kell is a smuggler, servicing people willing to pay for even the smallest glimpses of a world they'll never see--a dangerous hobby, and one that has set him up for accidental treason. Fleeing into Grey London, Kell runs afoul of Delilah Bard, a cut-purse with lofty aspirations, first robs him, then saves him from a dangerous enemy, and then forces him to spirit her to another world for a proper adventure.  But perilous magic is afoot, and treachery lurks at every turn. To save all of the worlds, Kell and Lila will first need to stay alive--and that is proving trickier than they hoped. "--
You'd think that being chief seer for the supernatural world would come with a few perks. But as Cassie Palmer has learned, being Pythia doesn't mean you don't have to do things the hard way. That's why she finds herself on a rescue mission skipping through time - even though she doesn't entirely understand her dimension-bending new power. Rescuing her friend John Pritkin should have been an in-and-out kind of deal, but with the near-immortal mage's soul lost in time, Cassie has to hunt for it through the ages - with Pritkin's demon dad in tow. He's the only one who can reverse Pritkin's curse, but with the guardians of the timeline dead set on stopping anyone from mucking about, Cassie will have to figure out how to get her friend back without ruffling too many feathers - or causing a world-ending paradox or two...
This thought-provoking collection not only takes us into the past and the future, but also explores what might happen if we attempt to manipulate time to our own advantage. These stories show what happen once you start to meddle with time and the paradoxes that might arise. It also raises questions about whether we understand time, and how we perceive it. These are just some of the questions that are raised in these challenging, exciting and sometimes amusing stories by Kage Baker, Simon Clark, Fritz Leiber, Christopher Priest, Kristine Kathryn Rusch, Robert Silverberg, Michael Swanwick, John Varley and many others
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 4 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation/Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
Doctor Who : the Eleventh Doctor. Vol 2, Serve you
Dr. Nicholas is ridiculous!
Step back in time
At this very moment in Geneva, Switzerland, history is being made. A thousand meters underground inside the Large Hadron Collider, researcher Neela Sethi is about to discover time travel - and jeopardize her life in the process. But she doesn't know that yet. Ten minutes from now, every deadbeat chrononaut, wannabe conqueror, and misguided protector of the timestream will be banging down her door. Good thing that the legendary Ivar, Timewalker, got there first... right? Now it's down to history's most jaded, most tempestuous time traveler to stop the worst of everything that is, was, and will be... before time runs out!
Back to the future : the game : Wii
Shinobi life. vol. 1
Tales of the peculiar
A darker shade of magic
Necessary evil
Twelve monkeys
