http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p366 voyages and travels
voyages and travels
The quest begins
Rocket Raccoon and Groot. Vol. 1, Tricks of the trade
In America : travels with John Steinbeck
Frommer's Vancouver & Victoria
Report of the second Norwegian arctic expedition in the "Fram" 1898-1902.. Vol. 3
Federations : vast, epic, interstellar
Confessions of an imaginary friend : a memoir by Jacques Papier
Another country
The girl on the train
The Wangs vs the world
Travel photography
What Katy did next
Frommer's Norway
Seventeen-year-old Karou, a lovely, enigmatic art student in a Prague boarding school, carries a sketchbook of hideous, frightening monsters--the chimaerae who form the only family she has ever known.
Discover Turkey : travel guide
The boat
National geographic research
The grand voyage : the experience, the narrated experience and the experience economy : an analysis of ocean cruisers' travel blogs
The Granta book of India
Better than fiction. 2, True adventures from 30 great fiction writers
Madventures. season 3
Ask Arthur Frommer : and trave better, cheaper, smarter
Princess on the brink
With the Kama sutra under my arm : my madcap misadventures across India
Frommer's  San Fransisco 2010
The un-discovered islands : an archipelago of myths and mysteries, phantoms and fakes
Employees app with XML parsing and messaging in WP7
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
Forest of ruin
The talisman
Tales of terror from the tunnel's mouth
The lonesome go
Spirits in the stars
To be continued, or, Conversations with a toad
Uneasy happiness
101 Amazing facts about London
The fellowship of the ring : being the first part of The lord of the rings
Creating an Interesting Places application - take and share media in WP7
Picasa image gallery with JSON in WP7
Amy & Roger's epic detour
Development of test case library for service aware charging and control
"From acclaimed, award-winning author Jo Walton: Philosopher Kings, a tale of gods and humans, and the surprising things they have to learn from one another. Twenty years have elapsed since the events of The Just City. The City, founded by the time-traveling goddess Pallas Athene, organized on the principles espoused in Plato's Republic and populated by people from all eras of human history, has now split into five cities, and low-level armed conflict between them is not unheard-of.  The god Apollo, living (by his own choice) a human life as "Pythias" in the City, his true identity known only to a few, is now married and the father of several children. But a tragic loss causes him to become consumed with the desire for revenge. Being Apollo, he goes handling it in a seemingly rational and systematic way, but it's evident, particularly to his precocious daughter Arete, that he is unhinged with grief. Along with Arete and several of his sons, plus a boatload of other volunteers--including the now fantastically aged Marsilio Ficino, the great humanist of Renaissance Florence--Pythias/Apollo goes sailing into the mysterious Eastern Mediterranean of pre-antiquity to see what they can find--possibly the man who may have caused his great grief, possibly communities of the earliest people to call themselves "Greek." What Apollo, his daughter, and the rest of the expedition will discover...will change everything. "-- Provided by publisher
The Moor's account
In the Himalayas : journeys through Nepal, Tibet, and Bhutan
101 amazing facts about Paris
Drops of life
Round Ireland with a fridge
Around Paris : Guidebook chapter from France
Dear Fang, with love
Daughter of smoke & bone
The last little blue envelope
Eat, pray, love : one woman's search for everything across Italy, India and Indonesia
Around India in 80 trains
For Maria
Of noble family
Frommer's Tokyo
Island of shadows
Travel changes thought and men : a fresh perspective on the travels of a literary icon
The complete zero line chronicles : incite, feed, reap
M-Commerce Adoption in Kajaani
In Crimson Death, the twenty-fifth Anita Blake, Anita is tested like never before in a showdown that will delight readers of Charlaine Harris and Anne Rice. Anita's sometimes lover, servant, and friend - is kidnapped and she heads to Ireland. There she must face off against the vampire who created him. M'Lady, Moroven, Nemhain...under every name she brings terror and destruction. But Anita brings her own weapon to the party: Edward, the man known as Death itself...
The fire ascending
The feng shui detective's casebook
Capacity, energy-efficiency and cost-efficiency aspects of future mobile network deployment solutions
Crimson death
Report of the second Norwegian arctic expedition in the "Fram" 1898-1902.. Vol. 4
A collection of original travel stories told by some of the world’s best novelists, including Isabel Allende, Keri Hulme, Peter Matthiessen, Alexander McCall Smith, Joyce Carol Oates, Téa Obreht and DBC Pierre. Exhilaratingly varied in place, plot, and voice, these tales all share one common characteristic: They manifest a passion for the precious gifts that travel confers, from its unexpected but inevitably enriching lessons about other peoples and places to the truths – sometimes uncomfortable but always enlarging – it reveals about ourselves.
The Melting Sea
The last wilderness
Railtracks
No fixed abode
The sea monsters
Sea of shadows
About Grace
This American journey : where to from here?
The Haters
A road trip adventure about a trio of jazz-camp escapees who, against every realistic expectation, become a band. For Wes and Corey, jazz camp turns out to be lame. It's pretty much all dudes talking in Jazz Voice. But then they jam with Ash, a charismatic girl with an unusual sound, and the three just click. Ash makes a decision: they need to hit the road. Because the road, not summer camp, is where bands get good. Before Wes and Corey know it theyre in Ashs SUV heading south, and The Haters Summer of Hate Tour has begun.
Midnight falcon
Pocket Berlin : top sights, local life, made easy
The fault line : traveling the other Europe, from Finland to Ukraine
Gaysia : adventures in the queer east
Points of arrival : travels in time, space, and self = Zielpunkte : Unterwegs in Zeit, Raum und Selbst
Frommer's Switzerland
The white darkness
A long way home
"In the next installment of her graphic memoir series, Displacement, Knisley volunteers to watch over her ailing grandparents on a cruise. (The book's watercolors evoke the ocean that surrounds them.) In a book that is part graphic memoir, part travelogue, and part family history, Knisley not only tries to connect with her grandparents, but to reconcile their younger and older selves. She is aided in her quest by her grandfather's WWII memoir, which is excerpted. Readers will identify with Knisley's frustration, her fears, her compassion, and her attempts to come to terms with mortality, as she copes with the stress of travel complicated by her grandparents' frailty" --
Snake game in Windows Phone 7
Analysis of Modem Integration in Open Source Smartphone Platforms
Better than fiction : true travel tales from great fiction writers
Worst journeys
All aboard the dinosaur express
Weather in Windows Phone 7
"Knitting aficionado and notable artisan Clara Parkes delves into her storied travels with this inspiring and witty memoir on a creative life enriched by her adventures around the world. Building on the success of The Yarn Whisperer, Parkes's rich personal essays invite readers and devoted crafters on excursions to be savored, from a guide who quickly comes to feel like a trusted confidante. In Knitlandia, she takes readers along on 17 of her most memorable journeys across the globe over the last 15 years, with stories spanning from the fjords of Iceland to a cozy yarn shop in Paris's 13th arrondissement. Also known for her PBS television appearances and hugely popular line of small-batch handcrafted yarns, Parkes weaves her personal blend of wisdom and humor into this eloquently down-to-earth guide that is part personal travel narrative and part cultural history, touching the heart of what it means to live creatively."--provided by Amazon.com.
Once upon a time in the west ... country
Wild by nature : from Siberia to Australia, three years alone in the wilderness on foot
USA's classic trips
Journey along the Amazon
Florence an Tuscany day by day
Amazing sailing stories : true adventures from the high seas
Ocean sea
An idiot abroad : the travel diaries of Karl Pilkington
China days : a visual journal from China's wild west
White fever : a journey to the frozen heart of Siberia
The sentinel
Perilous passage on the ice
Stars of fortune
Rocket Raccoon and Groot. Vol. 2, Civil War II
My shadow in the distance
News of the world : a novel
Automated testing of mobile devices
Go set a watchman
The road to reckoning
Frommer's St. Petersburg day by day
Lost at sea
Come, tell me how you live : an archaeological memoir
Fire in the sky
Avenue of mysteries
The story of India
Travels through Sweden, Finland and Lapland to the North Cape in the years 1798 and 1799 Vol. 1
Under the same stars
Frommer's Krakow day by day
The king's revenge
Lonely Planet unpacked : travel disaster stories
The powder of death
Judith Rashleigh works as an assistant in a prestigious London auction house, but her dreams of breaking into the art world have been gradually dulled by the blunt forces of snobbery and corruption. To make ends meet she moonlights as a hostess in one of the West End's less salubrious bars - although her work there pales against her activities on nights off.  When Judith stumbles across a conspiracy at her auction house, she is fired before she can expose the fraud. In desperation, she accepts an offer from one of the bar's clients to accompany him to the French Riviera. But when an ill-advised attempt to slip him sedatives has momentous consequences, Judith finds herself fleeing for her life.  Now alone and in danger, all Judith has to rely on is her consummate ability to fake it amongst the rich and famous - and the inside track on the hugely lucrative art fraud that triggered her dismissal.  Set in the exotic palaces and yachts of Europe's seriously wealthy.
The pleasure of thinking : a journey through the sideways leaps of ideas
Sword in the storm
A torch against the night
Glittering promises : a novel
Children’s Influence on Family Vacation Decision-Making
Wish you were here
Extremely pale rosé : a very French adventure
Singapore 1 - the town of lion
Rock crystal : a Christmas tale
The Paradise guest house : a novel
Tsuro : The game of the path
Streaming MP3 player in WP7
For Cora Kensington, the Grand Tour was to be the trip of a lifetime.  She discovered the family she never knew she had and may have even found the love she longs for in Will.
Cave~in
Movies in Finnkino theatre's
Frommer's  Central America
101 amazing facts about Australia
In the company of thieves
Travels through Sweden, Finland and Lapland to the North Cape in the years 1798 and 1799. Vol 2
The hobbit
The mark of the dragonfly
The shopping expedition
Laura's Christmas star
Frommer's  England 2010 : with Wales
I'm never coming back
Eat pray love
Off road
Abstract: Automated testing of mobile devices.
Knitlandia : a knitter sees the world
Red eye, black eye
Frommer's Scandinavia
All aboard for the Bobo Road
Dancing backwards
Kapp to cape : never look back : race to the end of the Earth
The philosopher kings : a novel
A year in the world : journeys of a passionate traveller
Research & exploration
Abstract.
The year of the hare
Frommer's best day trips from London : 25 Great Escapes by Train, Bus or Car
The great escape
Seven years to sin
The fire within
The opposite of falling
Frommer's Devon & Cornwall with your family : from breathtaking coastlines to tranquil villages
Love, sex and other foreign policy goals
Frommer's Southeast Asia
Great Bear Lake
A journey from St Petersburg to Pekin 1917-22
Putting the 'fun' back in 'funeral'! I'm sorry - you found that in poor taste? Well, maybe we're using humour to avoid facing our grief over the death of Rocket Raccoon's mentor in con-artistry! Who's insensitive now! Anywho, it's a new era for the Guardians of the Galaxy's most non-humanoid dynamic duo!
Among the Russians
The time traveller's almanac : the ultimate treasury of time travel fiction - brought to you from the future
The wild places
Around the heart in eleven years : a travel memoir. Part 1
Empire of night
The cyclist who went out in the cold : adventures along the iron curtain trail
Nagaland : a journey to India's forgotten frontier
Analysis of modem integration in open source smart phone platforms
"To celebrate the rise of their new queen, three goddesses of the moon created three stars, one of fire, one of ice, one of water. But then they fell from the sky, putting the fate of all worlds in danger. And now three women and three men join forces to pick up the pieces... Sasha Riggs is a reclusive artist, haunted by dreams and nightmares that she turns into extraordinary paintings. Her visions lead her to the Greek island of Corfu, where five others have been lured to seek the fire star. Sasha recognizes them, because she has drawn them: a loner. All on a quest. All with secrets. Sasha is the one who holds them together the seer. And in the magician, Bran Killian, she sees a man of immense power and compassion. As Sasha struggles with her rare ability, Bran is there to support her, challenge her, and believe in her. But Sasha and Bran are just two of the six. And they all must work together as a team to find the fire star in a cradle of land beneath the sea. Over their every attempt at trust, unity, and love, a dark threat looms. And it seeks to corrupt everything that stands in its way of possessing the stars."Provided by publisher.
Frommer's Edinburg & Glasgow day by day
Frommer's Vancouver & Whistler day by day
Frommer's  New York 2010
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
Kids of appetite
An age of license
The runaway Santa : a Christmas adventure story
For Cora Kensington, the journey of a lifetime has taken unexpected turns. And her future - her very life - depends on the decisions she'll make at each crossroad. As the Grand Tour with her newfound family winds through France, Austria, and Italy, an unseen enemy trails close behind. And a forbidden love continues to put everyone's plans at risk. Cora must escape the bonds of the past and discover the faith to make the right choices...because each one has grave consequences.
Are we there yet?
Icefire
How to take the edge off travel fatigue
Slow train to Switzerland : one tour, two trips, 150 years - and a world of change apart
Adventures of a japanese businessman
The high mountains of Portugal : a novel
Around the world : spot-and-say fun for little ones!
Fatty O'Leary's dinner party
Ascension : a Tangled Axon novel
The Calling
It's on the meter : one taxi, three mates and 43,000 miles of misadventures around the world
A Research of a Career of a Travel Guide
Trabant trek : crossing the world in a plastic car
