http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3664 footwear
footwear
On your feet!
Barefoot running  : How to run light and free by getting in touch with the earth
Footwear from the Gullskoen area of Bryggen
Green is the new black : how to change the world with style
Party shoes
Jalkineet. Välipohjien testausmenetelmät. Mittapysyvyys = Footwear. Test methods for insoles. Dimensional stability
Shoes
La calzatura : storia e costume = Footwear : history and customs
Shoes : a brief history
Shoes : what every woman should know
The runner's field manual : a tactical (and practical) survival guide
"Movement carries with it the burden of meaning" - : how mobility and movement are represented and how the representaions have changed in footwear advertisements in the Backpacker  Magazine 2008-2010
Handbook of footwear design and manufacture
Archaeological footwear : development of shoe patterns and styles from prehistory till the 1600's
Survey of historic costume : a history of western dress
"A catalogue presents each named shoe style along with the cutting patterns used, a concise description and a full list of the published examples. The volume also includes a short history of calceological studies, case studies, the fundamental research methods and an overview of shoe sole/upper contstructions for archaeological leather shoes"--Publisher's website.
Shoe & leather bibliography
The art of the shoe
Jalkineet. Pohjien testausmenetelmät. Hankauslujuus = Footwear. Test methods for outsoles. Abrasion resistance
Handmade shoes for men
Running mechanics and gait analysis
How to draw manga : colorful costumes
Centipede's 100 shoes
Clothes and shoes
International shoe museum: Romans
Footwear - test methods for outsoles, insoles, lining and insocks - water soluble content
Jalkineet. Pohjien testausmenetelmät. Neulan irtirepäisyvoima = Footwear. Test methods for outsoles. Needle tear strength
Accessorize! : 250 objects of fashion & desire
The reindeer fur shoe : a key to the Arctic
Tokio Kumagai : schoenen/shoes
The science of footwear
3000 shoes from 1896 : with price guide
A century of style : shoes : icons of style in the 20th century
Shoes : a history from sandals to sneakers
Great big book of fashion illustration
Where will this shoe take you? : a walk through the history of footwear
Kicks Japan
American fashion accessories
Shoes : an illustrated history
A closet full of shoes : simple way to make them chic
Native American leather & bead crafting
Scarpe e  piedi famosi = Shoes and famous feet : from the autobiography of Salvatore Ferragamo
Artefacts from medieval Winchester. 2, 2, Objects and economy in medieval Winchester
Creatività a colori = Creativity in colour : Museo Salvatore Ferragamo
Embellished fashions
Sew slippers for kids : 8 slipper patterns
A collector's guide to Chinese dress accessories
Golden kicks : the shoes that changed sport
Real footwear trends : three paths for the future of the European footwear industry
Shoes : a lexicon of style
The shoe show : British shoes since 1790
Footwear : test methods for insoles : abrasion resistance
Footnotes : the quarterly newsletter of the Bata Shoe Museum
Children in medieval Bergen : an archaeological analysis of child-related artefacts
The pointe book : shoes, training & technique : second edition
Footnotes : on shoes
Killer slippers and how to make them
Fashion accessories
La calzatura : un cammino lungo 50 anni : 1945-1995 = Footwear : fifty years history
Fifty shoes that changed the world
The sneaker book : 50 years of sport shoe design
A history of shoe fashions : a study of shoe design in relation to costume
Platform shoes : a big step in fashion with values
Altered shoes : a step-by-step guide to making your footwear fabulous
Footwear - test methods for outsoles - compression energy
"Covering every aspect of the process, this book introduces the design, development, manufacturing, and marketing of footwear. It also presents a comprehensive discussion of how the footwear industry attempts to cater to the wide needs of sophisticated and demanding customers. The text provides a basic understanding of the technology and techniques involved in the design and development of a popular and demanding consumer product. Topics include the measurement and testing process, foot and footwear interaction, mass customization, the manufacturing process, and the marketing process. The author also addresses the latest trends in footwear technology"--
Shoes and slippers
Clothing & accessories from the 40s, 50s & 60s : a handbook and price guide
A passion for stilettos
Biomechanics of sports shoes
Scarpe e piedi famosi : dall'autobiografia di Salvatore Ferragamo = Shoes and famous feet
Frye - the Frye Company 150 : the boots that made history ; one hundred and fifty years of craftsmanship
Running shoes
The towering world of Jimmy Choo : a story of power, profits and the pursuit of the perfect shoe
A Century of shoes : icons of style in the 20th century
Shoes : Objects art and seduction
Stepping out : three centuries of shoes
Shoes : Fashion and fantasy
Baby booties : eighteen pretty pairs to knit
Importance of marketing in organizational success : Bata shoe company Zimbabwe
Knitted baby booties
Jalkineet. Pohjien testausmenetelmät. Repeämislujuus = Footwear. Test methods for outsoles. Tear strength
Encyclopedia of world dress and fashion. Vol .8. West Europe
A history of shoe fashions
THE RETAILER’S PERSPECTIVE OF A SHOE AGENCY’S SALES AND SERVICES, CASE: BRANDED SHOES LTD.
A way of life
Vivienne Westwood shoes
Footwear - test methods for insoles - heel pin holding strength
Shoe obsession
Shoe dog : a memoir by the creator of Nike
Jalkineet. Pohjien testausmenetelmät. Mittapysyvyys = Footwear. Test methods for outsoles. Dimensional stability
Big book of fashion illustration
The complete footwear dictionary
Jalkineet : sanasto : fi-en-fr-de = Footwear : vocabulary
Grown-up glamour : how to age fabulously -  by the women who got it right
Style yourself : Inspired advice from the world's top fashion bloggers
Jimmy Choo XV
One hundred shoes
Idee, modelli, invenzioni : i brevetti e i marchi di impresa di Salvatore Ferragamo del 1929 al 1964 : the patents and company trademarks of Salvatore Ferragamo from 1929 to 1964 = Ideas, models, inventions
Manolo Blahnik and the tale of the elves and the shoemaker
Hot shoes 100 years
Felted bags, boots & other things : 56 projekts
Localization of New Balance brand marketing strategy for Chinese markets
Cowboy boots
Heavenly soles : extraordinary twentieth-century shoes
Our boots : an Inuit women's art
Manual of shoemaking
Shoes : fashion and fantasy
Fifty sneakers that changed the world
Footwear for cold environments : thermal properties, performance and testing
Elvis fashion : from Memphis to Vegas
Footwear = La calzatura
Patterns for costume accessories
Shoes : Twenty-eight images that skip, stride strut through shoe history
Biomechanics of man-shoe-surface interaction
Italian shoes
Custom kicks : personalized footwear
Jalkineet. Koko kengän testausmenetelmät. Lämmöneristävyys = Footwear. Test methods for whole shoe. Thermal insulation
Bags, belts & soft shoes
Jan Jansen : 'I live, sleep and breath shoes'
Fashionable clothing from the Sears catalogs : early 1980s
Footwear - test methods for insoles - delamination resistance
Wearable art : accessories & jewelry 1900 - 2000
This is a Kenneth Cole production
Femine fur trade fashions 1800-1840
How to be adored : a girl's guide to Hollywood glamour
On transitional friction and on-site slipperiness evaluation
Footwear - ageing conditioning
One two that's my shoe!
Bad shoes & the women who love them
Footwear for problem feet
New shoes : contemporary footwear design
Crafting handmade shoes : great-looking shoes, sandals, slippers & boots
The colossal book of costumes : dressing up around the world
Scapre e Piedi Famosi = Shoes and Famous Feet : Dall`autobiografia di Salvatore Ferragamo = From the autobiography of Salvadore Ferragamo
Scandinavian-style feltmaking : a three dimensional approach to hats, boots, mittens, and other useful objects
