http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3663 physical training equipment
physical training equipment sports equipment
Kids on the ball : using Swiss balls in a complete fitness program
The exercise ball bible : over 200 exercises to help you lose weight and improve your fitness, strength, flexibility and posture
Russian trade of Urheilu & Kalastus Pallas products
In sport disciplines such as running, ice skating, bicycling and cross-country skiing the aerodynamic drag force constitutes the major obstacle to overcome. Furthermore, in ski jumping and in various activities involving a ball the aerodynamic lift force comes in addition into action. This book describes the various sport disciplines on the basis of aerodynamic analysis and also covers the biomechanics part by illustrative performance examples. Such treatment of the underlying physical phenomena of sport activities gives a valuable supplement to existing literature on sport. The reader will also be guided to references which exist for the various topics discussed, so she or he can go into a deeper study of the particular sport activity at wish.
Ellie Herman's Pilates workbook on the ball : illustrated step-by-step guide
50 sports wares : innovations in design and materials
Gymstick workout
The commercialisation of sport
The javelin: explosive power, iron technique
Personalised assistive products : managing stigma and expressing the self
Exercise ball for weight loss
Build it so they can play : affordable equipment for adapted physical education
Text entry by eye gaze
Market definition and segmentation : Wilson basketballs in Baltics
Still bored : [board] : surf/skate/snow graphics
Swiss ball : for strength, tone, and posture
Ropesport : the ultimate jump rope workout
Cross country skiing : techniques and equipment
Wii Fitness for dummies
101 ways to burn fat on the ball : lose weight with fun gardio and body-sculpting moves!
101 ways to work out on the ball : sculpt your ideal body with Pilates, yoga and more
The segmentation model that enhances the development of the brand equity in the sports equipment branch
An international selection of the best in product design = ein internationaler Überblick über das beste Produktdesign = un panorama international du design de produits
Boards : the art + design of the skateboard
Amer Sports Suomi Oy : market opportunities for new Salomon Viia -collection
Great sporting graphics
Teaching rhythmic gymnastics : a developmentally appropriate approach
Core twister
Reformists at work
Summary  This unique book explores the complex and diverse nature of Sports Marketing, presenting a framework to help explain and organize the sports marketing process. Written from a true strategic marketing perspectiveby a professor of marketing in a college of businessit illustrates the application of marketing principles and processes to the sports industry.  Table of contents  I. CONTINGENCY FRAMEWORK FOR STRATEGIC SPORTS MARKETING.                       1. Emergence of Sports Marketing.                      2. Overview of the Contingency Framework for Strategic Sports Marketing.                      3. External and Internal Contingencies.                     II. PLANNING FOR MARKET SELECTION DECISIONS.                       4. Research Tools for Understanding Sports Consumers.                      5. Understanding Participants as Consumers.                      6. Understanding Spectators as Consumers.                      7. Segmentation, Targeting and Positioning.                    III. PLANNING THE SPORTS MARKETING MIX.                       8. Sports Products/Service Concepts.                      9. Developing and Managing Sports Products/Services.                      10. Promotion Concepts.                      11. Promotion Mix Elements.                      12. Sponsorship Programs.                      13. Distribution Concepts.                      14. Pricing Concepts.                      15. Developing A Pricing Strategy.                    IV. IMPLEMENTING AND CONTROLLING THE STRATEGIC SPORTS MARKETING                  PROCESS.                       16. Implementing and Controlling the Strategic Sports Marketing Process.                      Appendix A: Careers Opportunities in Sports Marketing.                      Appendix B: Sports Marketing Sites of Interest on the Internet.
Strength ball training
Thomas Feichtner : edge to edge : experimental design
Water exercises : workouts with the aqua noodle
The total dumbbell workout : trade secrets of a personal trainer
A study of consumer buying behaviour : sports equipment purchases in Finland
Spalding all-steel apparatus for the playground
The importance of loyal channel intermediaries to improve brand awareness : case Montreal Sports Oy
Disposable : a history of skateboard art
Networking as a tool of brand management in international sporting goods business : Case: Exel Sports Oy.
Product design in the sustainable era
INTERSPORT : RULES AND EQUIPMENT OF THE GAME
Thomas Westphal : playontology : sculptures & installations : Suomen Urheilumuseo = Sports Museum of Finland, Helsinki, [5.10.2004 - 9.1.2005 : German Sport and Olympia Museum, Köln, 30.7. - 29.8.2004 : Lahden Hiihtomuseo = Ski Museum Lahti, 5.5. - 17.9.2 / [essee = essay by Laura Haaranen]
Occupational therapy for physical dysfunction
Tunturi knows leisure
Exel : nordic walking
The introduction of the sport of padel into Finland
Phaidon design classics. Volume one, 001-333
Sport sponsorship by sporting goods companies : assessing effectiveness through objectives and evaluation
Swiss ball core workout
US fitness industry : market overview and entry strategies
Driver rehabilitation across age and disability : an occupational therapy guide
Volvo Sports Design Award at ispo winter 05 : women specific design
Sport machines
Basing planning on the needs of exercisers produces new technology
Developing in-store marketing concepts in the Finnish sporting goods industry : the manufacturer’s and the retailer’s perspective
Rules of the game
Improving sustainable supply chain management with 3D printing : case company: Leet International
User orientation through experience : a study of hobbyist knowing in product development
Sport as an industry in Finland : exploring the economic significance, contributions, and development of the sport sector as an industry
Using athlete endorsement in brand positioning : An insight from multinational sports goods companies
Developmental play equipment : For home and school
Kuntolaitteet = Stationary training equipment
On the determinants of retail margins in Finland : some cross-section evidence
Newton at the bat : the science in sports
Swiss ball for total fitness : a step-by-step guide : improve strenght & stability : 20-minute workouts
Did you forget your skis at home? : how to turn "silly-sticks" into internationally fashionable sports equipment
5000 years of winter-sports
Sport aerodynamics
Routledge handbook of sports technology and engineering
Small business' brand creation in sport equipment industry : case Exel Ltd and walking poles
Should customer voice be heard? : The acquisition and significance of customer information in new sports product development
Adaptation and face and linguistic validation of the modified KWAZO and EATS- 2D instruments into Finnish circumstances
This book deals with play equipment on a budget. This is a collaboration of ideas for building affordable equipment that can be used by teachers and individuals working with students with disabilities, either in physical education, adapted physical education or community recreation. Using inexpensive materials, teachers can construct a wealth of creative physical education equipment that is both useful and easily adapted to students' individual needs. This book is full of ideas, using equipment that is affordable for even the tightest of budgets. Diagrams and photographs are included to provide a visual guide and each description features ideas for using the equipment and customizing it for different abilities and purposes.
The total gym ball workout : trade secrets of a personal trainer
The exercise ball bible
The Swiss ball : theory, basic exercises and clinical applications
Export and import of sporting goods
The total kettlebell workout : trade secrets of a personal trainer
Balanceball for weight loss
Outdoor recreation for everyone : the adaptation of outdoor activity areas for the use of the disabled
International competitiveness and business strategies golf industry
The Puma story : the remarkable turnaroud of an endangered species into one of the world's hottest sprotlifestye brands
Rehabilitation of the physically disabled adult
Handmade helps for disabled living
Sports marketing : a strategic perspective
Hobbyist knowing in product development : desirable objects and passion for sports in Suunto Corporation
Benefits of home-based rocking chair exercise for physical performance in community-dwelling elderly women : a randomized controlled trial - A pilot study
Inside the world of board graphics : skate, surf, snow
Surf/Skate/Snow graphics
