http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3675 economics
economics
Essays on migration
Collected economic papers. Vol. 2
The growth of firms, Middle East oil and other essays
Cooperation and paradoxes in climate economics
Modern economics : an introduction
Abstract.
Economics : a foundation course for the built environment
Economics : principles and policy
Business economics : theory and application
The economics of commercial property market
Positive feedback economies
The way the world works
The economics book : big ideas simply explained
An outline of the science of political economy : with appendices
The basis for formal economics. Part 1, A measurement system and the dimensions of some basic concepts
We are beyond mere excitement about Lessons for the Young Economist. It is easily the best introduction to economics for the young reader because it covers both pure economic theory and also how markets work (the domain of most introductory books). Robert Murphy has the right frame of mind and mastery of the subject matter to provide the best possible pedagogy. The logic is super clear. The organization is impeccable. It achieves a great balance between plain old economics and that aspect of economic thought that is considered particularly Austrian. Therefore, it prepares the student for both conventional economic studies in the future and provides the logical rigor and policy clarity that only the Austrian School perspective can offer. Most of the attempts at such texts falter because they are either too dry and technical for the young reader or they are littered with attempts to keep the student entertained with references to pop culture or cheesy passages that attempt to speak the child s language but only end up sounding patronizing. Dr. Murphy s text has none of this. The prose has relentless fire without needless fireworks. What drives it forward is intellectual passion born of his love of the topic. What s also nice is that he is nowhere self-consciously trying to sound like someone he is not. It is his real voice, explaining everything point by point. For this reason, the text is warm and engaging. Here is the product of vast experience and daily writing. This permits the voicing of the book to achieve a remarkable integration page to page, chapter to chapter. Though he is drawing from the whole history of the development of economics, the text ends up being strikingly original. His approach is not based on anything but his own sense of how to teach this subject.
An accessible guide to demystifying the economy and creating a more just and sustainable world. Take back the economy dismantles the idea that the economy is separate from us and best comprehended by experts, demonstrating that the economy is the outcome of the decisions and efforts we make every day. Full of exercises and inspiring examples from around the world, it shows how people can implement small-scale changes in their own lives to create ethical economies
International marketing research
Integrating corporate brands in cross-border acquisitions : serial acquirer focus
Economics : the user's guide
The costs of raising equity ratio for banks : evidence from publicly listed banks operating in Finland
The forecast performance of model-free implied volatility : evidence from DAX index options
SCIMP/SCANP thesaurus
Take back the economy : an ethical guide for transforming our communities
Economics explained
The armchair economist : economics and everyday life
Debunking economics : the naked emperor dethroned?
An introduction to positive economics
Lessons for the young economist
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
Inflation : causes and effects
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Empirical industrial organization. 1
Econometrics and the philosophy of economics : theory-data confrontations in economics
Institutions and systems in the geography of innovation
Problems of coordination in economic activity
The essential Galbraith
A companion to the history of economic thought
Economics for pleasure
Economics and property : a coursebook for students of the built environment
Studies in the dynamics of unemployment
"Reveals the many ideas and schools of economics that have emerged since trading first began in ancient times."--Front jacket flap.
Global development finance : external debt of developing countries
Research in labor economics
Basic mathematics for economists
The soul of modern economic man : Ideas of self-interest : Thomas Hobbes to Adam Smith
The reconstruction of political economy : An introduction to post-Keynesian economics
Contemporary economic analysis : papers presented at the conference of the Association of University Teachers of Economics, April 1977
Defaults and recoveries in the global corporate bond markets : estimating movements over business cycles
The third edition of International Marketing Research is completely updated to reflect changes in both the structure and practice of international marketing research. Industry consolidation of research firms has accelerated as they strive to better serve global clients. The Internet has burst on to the scene as an alternative way to gather information and conduct surveys rapidly. Increasingly research is being conducted in developing countries as firms expand operations into markets such as India and China. The coverage of research in developing markets has been expanded in the third ed
Principles of economics : an introductory volume
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
Essentials of economics
Essays in contemporary fields of economics : in honor of Emanuel T. Weiler (1914-1979)
International finance and open-economy macroeconomics
The development of economic thought
False economy : a surprising economic history of the world
Discoursive economics - critical methodoloy? : products of a seminar at the University of Joensuu in 10-11.11.1990
Some notes on utility functions demand and aggregation
Health economics and outcome studies on type 2 diabetes education and screening in a Chinese population
Who's afraid of Adam Smith? : how the market got its soul
The economics of the welfare state
Conflict in economics
The fortunes of liberalism : essays on Austrian economics and the ideal of freedom
Financial structure and economic organization : key elements and patterns in theory and history
Principles of economics : Study guide
Collected economic papers. Vol. 5
The political economy of transition : coming to grips with history and methodology
Categories and laws of the political economy of communism
Economics : a general introduction
Economics for business
The great economists : ten economists whose thinking changed the way we live
Alienation and economics
The economics of consumer credit
Economic Statistics and Econometrics
"The 1986 article by Grossman and Hart "A Theory of Vertical and Lateral Integration" has provided a framework for understanding how firm boundaries are defined and how they affect economic performance. The property rights approach has provided a formal way to introduce incomplete contracting ideas into economic modeling. The Impact of Incomplete Contracts on Economics collects papers and opinion pieces on the impact that this property right approach to the firm has had on the economics profession. It shows that the impact has been felt sometimes in significant ways in a variety of fields, ranging from the theory of the firm and their internal organization to industrial organization, international trade, finance, management, public economy, and political economy and political science. Beyond acknowledging how the property rights approach has permeated economics as a whole, the contributions in the book also highlight the road ahead---how the paradigm may change the way research is performed in some of the fields, and what type of research is still missing. The book concludes with a discussion of the foundations of the property rights, and more generally the incomplete contracting, approaches and with a series of contributions showing how behavioral considerations may provide a new way forward"--
Collected economic papers. Vol. 1
Collected economic papers. Vol. 3
Investigating economics
International management of the Atlantic salmon fishery in the Baltic Sea
What new tools and models are enriching labor economics? "Developments in Research Methods and their Application" (volume 4A) summarizes recent advances in the ways economists study wages, employment, and labor markets. Mixing conceptual models and empirical work, contributors cover subjects as diverse as field and laboratory experiments, program evaluation, and behavioral models. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title investigates recent advances in methods and models used in labor economics. It demonstrates what these new tools and techniques can accomplish. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4B
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4A
Essays in search activity
The wealth of nations in two volumes. Volume two
Expectation in economics
Economics and the real world
The life of Adam Smith
Mathematics for economics
Economics and management of small business : an international perspective
Naked economics : undressing the dismal science
Global finance and the macroeconomy
Principles of economics
Macroeconomics and business : an interactive approach
Variational methods in economics
The secret life of money : everyday economics explained
The economics of the Internet and e-commerce
Friedrich Hayek : a biography
Lectures on urban economics
An inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations. Vol. 1
More than good intentions : how a new economics is helping to solve global poverty
The armchair economist : economics for everyday life
Finnish economic papers
Macroeconomics : Study Guide for Boyes/Melvin
Microeconomics : principles and policy
Essays in economics : theories, facts and policies. Vol. 2
Foundations of economic analysis
A synthesis of the Keynesian and monetarist approaches to the short-run theory of the balance of payments
Foundations of economics : a beginner's companion
Now firmly established as one of the leading economics principles texts in the UK and Europe, this exciting new third edition of Economics by N. Gregory Mankiw (Harvard University) and Mark P. Taylor (Warwick University), has undergone some significant restructuring and reorganization to more directly match economics students' course structures and learning and assessment needs. There are new sections covering microeconomic and macroeconomic topics and concepts in more depth, whilst at the same time retaining the book's reputation for clarity, authority and real world relevance.
Economics : mainstream readings and radical critiques
Theory of value : an axiomatic analysis of economic equilibrium
Immaterial capital : ideas of human and social capital in the Older Historical School of German Political Economy
An inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations. Vol. 2
An introduction to modern economics
Economics of globalisation
The impact of incomplete contracts on economics
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
The use and usefulness of the social sciences : achievements, disappointments and promise
The basis for formal economics. Part 2, "Newtonian microeconomics" as an extension to the neo-classical micro theory
The disappearance of co-operatives from economics textbooks
Terrorism informatics : knowledge management and data mining for homeland security
Workbook to accompany an introduction to positive economics
"Unlike many economists, who present only one view of their discipline, Chang introduces a wide range of economic theories, from classical to Keynesian, revealing how each has its strengths and weaknesses, and why there is no one way to explain economic behavior. Instead, by ignoring the received wisdom and exposing the myriad forces that shape our financial world, Chang gives us the tools we need to understand our increasingly global and interconnected world often driven by economics. From the future of the Euro, inequality in China, or the condition of the American manufacturing industry here in the United States--Economics: The User's Guide is a concise and expertly crafted guide to economic fundamentals that offers a clear and accurate picture of the global economy and how and why it affects our daily lives" --
Financial participation in Finland : incidence and determinants
Principles of Economics
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
Business in action
Tourism economics : concepts and practices
Economics in plain English : all you need to know about economics, in language anyone can understand
Law and economics. Vol. 1, Theoretical and methodological foundations
Contribution to global environmental governance? : viewpoint from pension funds and United Nations Responsible Investment
The intellectual origins of the global financial crisis
A concise history of Chinese economic thought
Readings in economics
Four essays on implementation theory
Economics and the modern world
The boundaries of economics
The invisible hand : economic thought yesterday and today
A survey of contemporary economics. Volume 2
Foundations of economics : structures of inquiry and economic theory
The state of economic science : views of six Nobel laureates
Essays on household time allocation decisions in a collective household model
European Economics Letters
Nordic journal of business
Politics of development in the Barents region
Balance-of-payments theory and the United Kingdom experience
Theories of social capital : researchers behaving badly
Animal spirits : how human psychology drives the economy and why it matters for global capitalism
Rough guide to economics
Equilibrium and growth in the world economy
Economics : teacher's guide
Theoretical and practical research orientations in Germain economics
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Modern labor economics : theory and public policy
Economics : principles of income, prices, and growth
Essays on the measurement of economic growth
Perspectives on political economy
Marshall and Schumpeter on Evolution : economic sociology of capitalist development
Economics : a contemporary introduction
Dear undercover economist : The very best letters from the 'Dear Economist' column
Basic economics : a common sense guide to the economy
The medieval village economy : a study of mapping in general equilibrium models
The undercover economist strikes back : how to run - or ruin - an economy
Do measurement errors in GDP announcements cause output fluctuations?
Current economic problems : the proceedings of the Association of University Teachers of Economics, Manchester 1974
What factors affect the ways individuals participate in labor markets? "New Developments and Research on Labor Markets" (volume 4B) proposes answers to this and other questions on important topics of public policy. Leading labor economists demonstrate how better data and advanced experiments help them apply economic theory, yielding sharper analyses and conclusions. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models enable the authors of these chapters to reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title concentrates on empirical research in specific labor markets, including those defined by age, gender, and race. It reveals how questions and answers about these markets have changed and how models measure them. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
An economic analysis of regulation by conditional permits
Technological change and the dynamics of industries : theoretical issues and empirical evidence from Dutch manufacturing
Bargaining for players : player trade in the National Hockey League
Agenda for a New Economy: from phantom wealth to real wealth
Essays on R&D-races and cournot oligopoly
China rules : globalization and political transformation / edited by Ilan Alon ... [et al]
Studies on institutions and central bank independence
Public sector economics : theory, policy and practice
Controlling industrial economies : essays in honour of Christopher Thomas Saunders
Forecasting performance of the small-scale hybrid New Keynesian model
Journal of economics
Understanding modern economics
OECD economic outlook
"If financial guides leave you perplexed (or comatose), you should read Zombie Economics instead. It's compelling, it's straightforward, and it can change your life. Zombie Economics is for anyone in the midst of financial uncertainty, a place where carelessness and timidity will cost you. From the creeping spread of unpaid bills to the lumbering advance of creditors, Zombie Economics confronts the biggest threats to your personal economy, takes aim, and then takes them down." --Publisher.
