http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3673 construction
construction
And so they build
Dragon Quest: builders : PS4
Enhancing value creation of construction projects through early stakeholder involvement and integration
City planners' notions on rock spaces
Sierra Leone after the war : reconstruction, aid and corruption
Lego worlds : Xbox One
European bird cherry (Prunus padus Linneaus) : a biodiverse wild plant for horticulture
Fishing boat construction. 1, Building a sawn-frame fishing boat
Lego worlds : PS4
Knowledge management, information technology and learning in construction projects
The green building bottom line : the real cost of sustainable building
Surveying : with construction applications
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2004:1
Beowulf cluster : opinnäytetyö
Sierra Leone After the War : Reconstruction, Aid and Corruption
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Energy performance, technologies and challenges of new buildings in Russia and Scandinavia
Light earth building : a handbook for building with wood and earth
Bridges : who built that? : an introduction to ten great bridges and their designers
ACI manual of conrete practice 1983. 3, Use of concrete in building : design, specification, and related topics
Treehouses : the art and craft of living out on a limb
Abstract: Fragmenting places of politics - uniforming urban policies : urban planning implementing policies in Berlin.
Queen Christina's coronation coach 1650
Application for a government decision-in-principle regarding the construction of a nuclear power plant as referred to in Section 11 of the Nuclear Energy Act (990/1987)
CLEANROOMS IN PHARMACEUTICAL PRODUCTION
Building the Perfect Gazebo : a complete step-by-step guide
Design of steel structures (for students of B.E./B.Tech)
Towards 0-impact buildings and built environments
Preliminary studies on the engineering geological conditions of Dar es Salaam region, Tanzania
Solid waste management and development : a case study in Lima, Peru
The architect's apprentice
Current trends in housing, building and planning in Finland : note updating the national monograph of Finland prepared in 1977 and revised in 1978.
Buildings for industrial storage and distribution
Understanding structural engineering : from theory to practice
Photovoltaics in Buildings : A Design Handbook for Architects and Engineers
Addressing state fragility in Africa : a need to challenge the established ‘wisdom’?
Energy efficient buildings with solar and geothermal resources
How to build your own engine coffee table
Porches, decks & outbuildings : the best of Fine Homebuilding
"The Cambridge Handbooks on Construction Robotics series focuses on the implementation of automation and robot technology to renew the construction industry and to arrest its declining productivity. The series is intended to give professionals, researchers, lecturers, and students basic conceptual and technical skills and implementation strategies to manage, research, or teach the implementation of advanced automation and robot-technology-based processes and technologies in construction. Currently, the implementation of modern developments in product structures (modularity and design for manufacturing), organizational strategies (just in time, just in sequence, and pulling production), and informational aspects (computer-aided design/manufacturing or computer-integrated manufacturing) are lagging because of the lack of modern integrated machine technology in construction. The Cambridge Handbooks on Construction Robotics books discuss progress in robot systems theory and demonstrate their integration using real systematic applications and projections for off-site as well as on-site building production"--
XS : small structures, green architecture
Renovation of Ventilation and Air-conditioning System in Old Russian Museums
Abstract: Guide to Agricultural Constructing.
Analysis of lake and river flow regime alteration to assess impacts of hydraulic structures
The dolls' house 1/24 scale : a complete introduction
Minecraft (xbox one edition) : xbox one
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Energy performance of current building stock in Scandinavia and Russia
The brick book
Integrated buildings : the systems basis of architecture
The role of business models in construction business management
Improving transport productivity in equipment rental business
Sheds : [step-by-step construction methods]
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT OF SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR UNDERGROUND CONSTRUCTION
Bibliotheken : Architektur und Einrichtung = Libraries : architecture and equipment
The environmental brief : pathways for green design
Asumistaso : asuntoasiain vuosikirja = Housing and planning in Finland. 1994-1995
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Up, up and away
Electronics for dummies
Construction materials : their nature and behaviour
This is boat interior construction
The strip-built sea kayak : three rugged, beautiful boats you can build
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2005:1
Technical and economic feasibility of demountable building concepts
The new birdhouse book
Minecraft : Xbox 360 edition
International construction management series
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of statistics. 2004:2
Research on rural credit union financial risk management and precaution. Case study: Mianzhu rural credit union
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Existing buildings – technologies and challenges for residential and commercial use
HAM and mould growth analysis of a wooden wall
The integrative design guide to green building : redefining the practice of sustainability
Maritime infrasturcture : transporatation opportunities and considerations
Musical instrument design : practical information for instrument making
Abstract: The Management of Distraction Situations in Contracts.
Market Analysis for a Company in Construction Business
Housing defects reference manual : the building research establishment defect action sheets
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
The den book
Modelling of construction processes : a managerial approach
Terence Conran's Garden Diy
Lightweight Sandwich Panel in Cold Stores and Refrigerated Warehouses
Adaptation to climate change in the administrative sector of the Ministry of the Environment : action plan update for 2011-2012
Renovation building
Robot-oriented design : design and management tools for the deployment of automation and robotics in construction
Developing hospitality properties and facilities
Dam Safety Guide
Scale modeling : tips and techniques
Castles of mad king Ludwig
Log construction training in the Nordic and Baltic countries : PROLOG final report
Reintegration as recognition : ex-combatant and veteran politics in Namibia
Sustainable forestry, low-carbon construction, and tremor safe housing technologies in Asia 2009-2012 : project article report
Building construction illustrated
Ice and construction : state-of-art report prepared by RILEM Technical Committee TC-118, Ice and construction
Minecraft story mode : the complete adventure : PS4
Structural stability design : steel and composite structures
Water-resistant design and constrcution : an illustrated guide to preventing water intrusion, condensation, and mold
Risk assessment, modeling and decision support : strategic directions
Green building business : target country: India
Minecraft story mode : PS4
Abstract: Investors have stayed away from the African continent for a very long time and rightfully so. The continent is fraught with civil unrest from Somalia to Sudan, from Libya to Democratic Republic of Congo. Most of the countries that are experiencing civil unrests are resource-rich nations. This gives credence to the concept of 'resource curse' for resource-rich nations. Sierra Leone is no exception, having suffered an eleven-year long civil war, from 1991 to 2002, causing major setbacks for the country, from loss of lives to a disrupted economic system. However, with the speed of economic growth around the world, Africa has become an important entity with its vast natural resource deposits. The world needs Africa to fuel its economic growth, which has seen the influence and presence of China, with the fastest growing economy, see significant growth on the continent. Sierra Leone now enjoys some stability and its economy steadily growing. With the recent discovery of two oil wells off the coasts of Freetown is bound to see more FDI coming the country's way. The country also has embarked on reopening some of its mines that were closed because of the civil war. The country is expected to start negotiating for mining and exploration contracts. For the past 50 years, China has been working hard to strategically position itself in Africa and developed important bilateral relationships to maintain a strong foothold on the continent. China has become Africa's leading single donor, on a continent that largely depends on aid; this is a major advantage for the Asian giant. Western and Chinese aid are both aimed at the same goal, the UN's Millennium Development Goals (MDG). However, there are significant differences in their policies and implementations. The difference can be found in their conditions and/or what they are tied to (place or company to spend it with).
Defects and deterioration in buildings
The nine elements of a sustainable campus
Adding extra load bearing capacity to reinforced concrete
beams
Finnishness in cross cultural interaction in international engineering projects
Transnational development strategy for the post-socialist cities of Central Europe
Building construction
Ecology and design : frameworks for learning
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised North
Tigris & Euphrates
Doctor Who : the time machine
Rendezvous in turbulent times:about the becoming of institution-changing networks in Myanmar/Burma
Foundations of Engineering Geology
"Over the last 30 years, interest has grown in using clay as an environmentally friendly building material that has proved its ideal sustainability for centuries. Light earth constructions, where a wooden framework or timber-framed walls are infilled with clay and fiber material, have extraordinarily solid, structural characteristics. Earth constructions are no longer considered exotic today, which, in part, is due to this standard work. The publication presents the use of this 'old' building material comprehensively and modernly, and contains many practical tips about simplifying designs as well as using prefabricated clay materials in the contemporary construction process. The selected project examples show the diversity of this building material, and the self-build projects demonstrate the beauty of working with lightweight earth using your own hands. The book is aimed at builders, architects and engineers, producers and artisans, as well as self-builders."
Construction management : study book
A market analysis of single-house renovation services in Finland : a customer-oriented service and business development
Log construction training in the Nordic and the Baltic countries : PROLOG final report
Prefabulous small houses
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland: action research in snow and ice design
Build an awesome PC, 2014 edition : easy steps to construct the machine you need
Finnish-French Colloquium for Information Technology in Construction. 2. Seminar in information technology in construction, Espoo, 14-15 June, 1990
Build a better vegetable garden : 30 DIY projects to improve your harvest
Impacts of changes in forest and economic policy and business preconditions in Russia and Finland
Simple flutes : a guide to flute making and playing or how to make and play a flute of bamboo, wood, clay, metal, PVC plastic, or anything else
Abstract: Beowulf.
Sustainability in Construction
How to construct ecologically and socially sustainable urban environments? : a literature review on climate change, runoff waters and land-use impacts in urban environments : vulnerability assessment of ecosystem services for climate change impacts and adaptation, action 6 : assessment of climate change and land use impacts in urban environments (short name Urban Environments)
Minecraft story mode : the complete adventure : Xbox One
Clarification and comparison of cast in place and precast construction costs and schedules in Thailand using the BIM modeling
Boyd Coddington's how to build hot rod chassis
Handbook of structural concrete
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2016:IV
Beam structures : classical and advanced theories
First International Conference on Improving Construction and Use through Integrated Design Solutions : CIB IDS 2009, 10-12 June
Kuvitettu rakennussanakirja suomi-englanti-suomi = Illustrated building dictionary Finnish-English-Finnish
ACI manual of conrete practice 1983. 1, Materials and general properties of concrete
Tietopankin käyttö rakennushankkeessa = Use of the databank in the building project
Making pet houses, carriers, & other projects
Design of steel structures. Modul 7, Cold-formed profiles and sheeting
Buildings and free-time residences
Building sheds
House Framing
Summary : The Savo cottage -  open design competition.
In Between Two Cities, you are a world-renowned city planner who has been asked to redesign two different cities. Projects of such significance require the expertise of more than one person, so for each assignment you are paired with a partner with whom to discuss and execute your grandiose plans. Each turn features a simultaneous discussion with your two partners to decide which of your tiles to place into the cities you’re building with each of them and where in those cities to place the tiles. At the end of the game, there is only one winner, as each player compares the lowest scoring of their two cites
Underlands :  a journey through Britain's lost landscape
The kayak shop : three elegant wooden kayaks anyone can build
The green building bible. Volume 2, The low energy design technical reference
Basic Engineering for Builders
ACI manual of conrete practice 1983. 2, Conctruction practice and inspection pavements
Building Garden Furniture : More than 30 beautiful outdoor projects
Basic starrbuilding
Life cycle analysis
Materials for sustainable sites : a complete guide to the evaluation, selection, and use of sustainable construction materials
BIM requirements  from October 1st, 2007 : basic principles
The technology of building defects
Choice of grouting method for jointed hard rock based on sealing time predictions
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of statistics. 2004:3
Building 90 : the Finnish building classification system
Architectural birdhouses : 15 famous buildings to make for your feathered friends
Just brick it
Energy manual : sustainable architecture
Architectural security codes and guidelines : best practices for today's construction challenges
Designing a Construction Service Using Service Design : Case Study: Sealing Solutions
Building cost index
Evaluation report : technology programme "Industrial building technology"
Building contruction handbook
Building sustainable livelihoods during post-conflict recovery : a study of skills training in Jendema, Sierra Leone
Principles of construction safety
Cabin porn : inspiration for your quiet place somewhere
The international civil engineering contract : a commentary on the F.I.D.I.C. international standard form of civil engineering and building contracts
Professional construction management : including C.M., Design-Construct, and general contracting
Training contractors for results : a guide for trainers and training managers
Best Finnish practices on joint construction of infrastructure networks : examples of coordinated construction of transport infrastructure, water supply networks and electricity and telecommunications cables in Finland
Factors Affecting the Purchasing Decision of Russian Construction Companies
Microbial exposure and health in schools : effects of moisture damage and renovation
Proceedings to the METNET Seminar 2016 in Castellon : METNET Annual Seminar in Castellon, Spain, on 11-12 October 2016
Case studies in post-construction liability and insurance
Axure RP 6 prototyping essentials : creating highly compelling, interactive prototypes with Axure that will impress and excite decision makers
Healing the hospital environment : design, management and maintenance of healthcare premises
Living with stone = Pierre = Stein = Steen = Piedra = Pietra = Pedra = Sten
Building a shed : expert advice from start to finish
CIB IDS 2009 : improving construction and use through integrated design solutions : proceedings of CIB IDS 2009 Conference
Structural concrete : journal of the Fib
Design and layout of foodservice facilities
The magnificent book of kites : explorations in design, construction, enjoyment & flight
The riddle of the pyramids
Proceedings of the METNET Seminar 2015 in Budapest : METNET Annual Seminar in Budapest, Hungary, on 13-14 October 2015
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Strategic plan for the implementation of energy efficient renovation and construction in Northern parts of Russia
Concrete Ideas : Material to Shape a City
Rakentamisen Ruusu 2012-2016 : Byggrosen 2012-2016 = The Rose for Building2012-2016
365 things to do with LEGO® bricks
The green building bible. Volume 1, All you need to know about ecobuilding
Between two cities
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2005:2
Renovation and Energy Evaluation : Viipurinpuisto Residential Project
Arkkitehti = Arkitekten = Finnish architectural review. 6 B, [Kiasma]
Construktion databook
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2016:III
Plank-on-frame models and scale masting and rigging : Vol.2, Mastmaking and rigging, sailing models and power craft hulls / with plans and sketches by the author
Mortars in Old Structures
Repair, protection and waterproofing of concrete structures
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2015:II
