http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3677 national days
national days
No justice in Germany : the Breslau diaries, 1933-1941
The politics of national celebrations in the Arab Middle East
The Reichstag fire trial : the second brown book of the Hitler terror : based on material collected by the World committee for the relief of the victims of German fascism
Rites of place : public commemoration in Russia and Eastern Europe
Throne of the emperor
National anthems of the world
Imagined communities, or real ones? : Perception and reality on national days
Published on the Fourth of July : United States Independence Day in the New York Times
I will bear witness. [Vol. 2], A diary of the Nazi years 1942-1945
Holidays, festivals, and celebrations of the world dictionary : detailing more than 2,000 observances from all 50 states and more than 100 nations
High days and holidays in Iceland
National symbols
I will bear witness. [Volume 1], A diary of the Nazi years 1933-1941
Rethinking the sacred : proceedings of the Ninth SIEF Conference in Derry 2008
Given and news : media discourse and the construction of community on national days
The new spartans: the nazi cult at the Nuremberg party congress in 1936 seen through Finnish eyes
Contested traditions? : the use of three national holidays in contemporary Hungary
"Like national identity, national days involve a process of 'othering', saying who you are, as much as who you are not. If some countries (such as Scotland and Ireland) celebrate them far more strongly than their neighbour, England, why is that? Why is there no British day? Why should near-neighbours, Sweden, Norway and Finland, have such different traditions of national remembering? What if a national day and its associations are so tied into a previous political regime that they have become an embarrassment? Germany, Italy and South Africa have undergone radical political changes in the last 60 years, and with these, complex processes of forgetting and remembering. If national days have considerable political significance, whether positive or negative, they are also of major economic worth. Just as 'heritage' is not simply a matter of history, but of markets, so 'national days' have the potential to be major icons of national tourism. "--Book cover.
National days : constructing and mobilising national identity
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list
Strutting their staff in sunny style : the construction of Irish national identity in St Patrick's day discourse
