http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3671 nutrition
nutrition
Association between amount and source of dietary protein intake with bone mineral density among elderly women
21th century girls : how female minds develop, how to raise bright, balanced girls and why today's world needs them more than ever
Wells' classic story of unchecked scientific progress and unforseen consequences, with an introduction by Adam Roberts.
Nutrition and feeding of fish
The effect of adding an inoculant containing Lactobacillus buchneri, L. plantarum and L. casei to wilted perennial ryegrass, harvested at four growth stages and ensiled for either 60 or 150 d on silage fermentation quality, chemical composition, rumen degradability of neutral detergent fibre (NDF) and organic matter (OM) and in vitro OM digestibility (OMd) was studied. Compared to the control silage, more sugars were fermented to lactic and acetic acid with the inoculant, resulting in a lower pH, less dry matter losses and protein degradation and a better aerobic stability. The effects of the additive on fermentation quality were more pronounced after 150 than after 60 d of ensiling, because the quality of the control silage was worse after long ensiling period. The treatment lowered NDF content of grass harvested at the first two growth stages by degrading cell walls to complex sugars, but had no effect on NDF degradability of the silage. The inoculant had no effect on rumen OM degradability nor on OMd after the short ensiling period, but increased the rumen OM degradability for the first two growth stages and OMd for all growth stages after long ensiling period.
Abstract.
The big fat surprise : why meat, butter, and cheese belong in a healthy diet
Women's health : e-lehti
Food marketing to children and youth : threat or opportunity?
How not to die : discover the foods scientifically proven to prevent and reverse disease
Does taste matter? : the effect of taste perception on avoidance learning in avian predators
The effects of nutritional environment on inbreeding depression and the expression of condition-dependent traits
What's so good about vegetables? : helping to explain nutrition
Physiological roles of fatty acids and endocannabinoids in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans
The Scandinavian belly fat program : 12 weeks to get healthy, boost your energy and lose weight
Cooking for the sensitive gut : delicious, soothing, healthy recipes for every day
There's broccoli in my ice cream!
Krause's food, nutrition & diet therapy
World food security : selected themes and issues
Becoming vegetarian : the complete guide to adopting a healthy vegetarian diet
International journal of sport nutrition
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 13
End of overeating :  taking control of the insatiable american appetite
Food science, nutrition and health
Does climate change influence the availability and quality of reindeer forage plants? : a review
The effect of a mixture of Lactobacillus strains on silage quality and nutritive value of grass harvested at four growth stages and ensiled for two periods
The role of zooplankton in littoral communities : diversity and food web interactions in the Baltic Sea
AQUATOX - ecological risk assessment model : a tool for impact assessment for waters
Herbivory on willows : abiotic constraints and trophic interactions
Impact dehulling oat grain to improve quality of on-farm produced feed. 1, Hullability and associated changes in nutritive value and energy content
The image of Finland as a culturally and ethnically homogeneous nation is erroneous. The country's "old minorities" include the Swedish-speakers, the indigenous Sami, and the Romani. Several smaller ethno-cultural and religious groups have resided in Finland since the nineteenth century. Increasing immigration is now further diversifying Finland. Many of the old and new minorities have clearly-defined regional hearths, as do many distinctive segments of the majority culture. This article provides an overview of Finland's three largest minorities, religions, foodways, the new immigration, and the recent English-language sources available on these topics. The discussion emphasizes the new understanding of the country's ethno-cultural make-up and political, legal, and social challenges that have followed the recent change.
Supply of nutrients and productive responses in dairy cows given diets based on restrictively fermented silage
The great Indian diet : busting the big fat myth
Functionality of food phytochemicals
Bacterial-mediated terrestrial carbon in the foodweb of humic lakes
Micronutrient intake in Nepalese mothers and children : study of the current stage and changes over time and determinants of vitamin A and iron intake in Nepalese mothers and their children from 2001 to 2011
Carbon nanoparticles in aquatic environments : fate of fullerenes (C60) in freshwaters and their effects on organisms
Dietary reference values : a guide
Superfoods super fast
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 10
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 4
Diet, body adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in a population sample of primary school children
30 healthy things to cook and eat
The diet myth : why the secret to health and weight loss is already in your gut
The anticancer diet : Reduce cancer risk through the foods you eat
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 19
The variable position of Arctic charr (Salvelinus alpinus (L.)) in subarctic lake food webs
Raw dog food : make it easy for you and your dog
The effects of conventional and organic farming system on some quality parameters of grains were studied in winter and spring common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet. Under organic farming conditions, spelt wheat was characterized by the most favorable grain chemical composition (essential amino acids index [EAAI] 85.3, o-dihydroxyphenol 2.00 g kg-1, nitrogen [N] 23.5 g kg-1, magnesium [Mg] 705, zinc [Zn] 32.9 mg kg-1), followed by millet (total dietary fiber [TDF] 185.3 g kg-1, Mg 904, copper [Cu] 6.27, iron [Fe] 57.0 mg kg-1). The above-mentioned cereals also showed a satisfactory yield level under the organic system (spelt wheat 2.69, proso millet 1.42 t ha-1). Both in winter and spring common wheat organic farming led a significant reduction in productivity, but the content of chemical components in grain (dihydroxyphenols—spring wheat 1.68 g kg-1, winter wheat 1.74 g kg-1; selenium [Se]—spring wheat 53.4 mg kg-1, winter wheat 40.5 mg kg-1; some amino acids—spring wheat valine [Val] 5.11, methionine [Met] 2.09, tryptophan [Trp] 0.40 g kg-1, winter wheat glutamate [Glu] 41.9, proline [Pro] 15.3, glysine [Gly] 5.24, arginine [Arg] 5.04, [Trp] 0.97 g kg-1) was more favorable compared to the conventional system. The present study showed that the organic farming system does not result in reduced productivity neither in spelt wheat or proso millet, but contributes to an improvement in their grain quality parameters. On the other hand, common wheat performed better under the conventional system..
Veganomicon : the ultimate vegan cookbook
Phytochemicals beyond whole grains and health : non-targeted metabolite profiling in whole grain research
Goop clean beauty
The eat-clean diet : fat loss that lasts forever!
Food in Roman Britain
Archaeology and proteins
Ravintotase : balance sheet for food commodities
Range management and the genus rangifer : a review of selected literature
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 15
Meals that heal inflammation : embrace healthy living and eliminate pain, one meal at a time
Regional differences and temporal development of the nutritional status in Europe from the 8th century B.C. until the 18th century A.D
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 9
Fibre-rich and wholegrain foods : improving quality
Trophic niche of arctic charr (Salvelinus alpinus) coexisting with lake trout (Salvelinus namaycush) and european whitefish (Coregonus lavaretus) in two divergent subarctic lakes
Determination and contents of thiamine and riboflavin in Finnish animal products and in Finnish and imported rye and cereal products
Oxidation of steryl esters
Plant nutrient facts for hydroponics and container growing
Forests, food and people
Cultural diversity in Finland
Vitamins A1 and A2 in mink fed fish-based diets and exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls
Eat right for your type : 4 blood types, 4 diets : the individualized diet solution to staying healthy, living longer & achieving your ideal weight
Current ornithology. Vol. 7
Vegan freak : being vegan in a non-vegan world : version 2.0, revised, expanded, and updated
Nutrition and diet therapy
Nature's first law : the raw-food diet
Bees : a book on the biology of the bee-colony and the achievements of bee-science
Gut reactions : how healthy insides can improve your weight. mood and well-being
"Positive and accessible, Your Fit Pregnancy breaks down exercise and nutrition into a trimester-by-trimester guide, with workouts (focusing on strength training, cardio, and yoga and stretching), plus meal plans and 50 recipes like Pumpkin Granola Yogurt Parfait, Smoky Corn and Edamame Beef Chili, and Simple Ginger Soy Poached Salmon.  Author Erica Willick is a mother, two-time North American fitness champion, and founder of Sisters in Shape who also write a blog about pre- and postnatal fitness and health.  She says in the introduction, '...these principles and programs were made to help you navigate through your pregnancy journey healthier and even fitter,'"--page [4] of cover.
Nordic nutrition recommendations 2012 : integrating nutrition and physical activity
Fish communities in South-Finnish lakes and their responses to biomanipulation assessed by experimental gillnetting
Oystercatchers and their estuarine food supplies
Handbook of dairy foods and nutrition
Composition, digestibility and nutritive value of cereals for dogs
Nourishing broth : an old-fashioned remedy for the modern world
The Nurse Practitioner's Guide to Nutrition
A healthy you : boost your energy, live cleaner, and look and feel younger every day
Fitness on a plate : Anita Bean's guide to healthy eating
Dog treats : the barktender's guide to easy homemade dogtails and muttinis
Food safety and food quality
The gluten lie and other myths about what you eat
The effects of protein and carbohydrate supplementation on body composition and muscle strength during resistance training
The paleo diet for athletes : the ancient nutritional formula for peak athletic performance
Naturally sassy : my recipes for an energised, healthy and happy you
Call of Nature : the secret life of dung
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Grazing management for Nordic organic dairy farming
"A revised and updated edition of the classic handbook for women seeking a safe, organic, eco-friendly, and natural pregnancy, featuring an integrative-based approach with new medical, herbal, and nutritional information. Over the last two decades, The Natural Pregnancy Book has ushered thousands of women through happy and healthy pregnancies. Addressing women's health from conception to birth, Dr. Romm describes herbs that can promote and maintain a healthy pregnancy, and allays such familiar concerns as anxiety, fatigue, morning sickness, and stretch marks. She also discusses the components of a healthy diet, with an emphasis on natural foods. New to this edition is integrative health advice based on Dr. Romm's new credentials as a Yale-trained physician, combined with her twenty years of experience as a midwife and herbalist"--
Teatime for pirates!
Mind, body, baby : how to overcome stress & enhance your fertility with CBT, mindfulness & good nutrition
Criteria of food acceptance : how man chooses what he eats
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 8
World hunger : 12 myths
Effect of extrusion cooking on the nutritional properties of amaranth, quinoa, kañiwa and lupine
The Dorito effect : the surprising new truth about food and flavor
Eat and drink
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
Mediterranean diet for dummies
Seriously satisfying
Nutrition for intuition
A comparison of the impacts of introduced signal crayfish and native noble crayfish in boreal lake ecosystems
Tables of composition and nutritional values of organically produced feed materials for pigs and poultry
Impact of biotic and abiotic factors on bacterial virulence
The effect of genes and diet on Alzheimer's disease-related molecular mechanisms : Influence of ubiquilin-1 and dietary lipids
The Action Plan is intended to significantly reduce the burden of preventable diet-related noncommunicable diseases, obesity and all other forms of malnutrition still prevalent in the WHO European Region. It calls for countries to act, using a whole-of-government, health-in-all-policies approach. Its priority actions will contribute to improving food-system governance and the overall quality of the European population's diet and nutritional status.
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
The bulletproof diet : lose up to a pound a day, reclaim energy and focus, and upgrade your life
Vegan menu as a decisive factor when booking a cruise through the Baltic Sea
Effects of post-workout supplements and resistance training on serum metabolome, muscle strength and muscle hypertrophy
Acidifiers in animal nutrition : a guide for feed preservation and acidification to promote animal performance
The role of selenium in nutrition
PAHs: comparative biotransformation and trophic transfer of their metabolites in the aquatic environment : fate of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in aquatic experiments
The second report on the state of the world's plant genetic resources for food and agriculture
Leaf beetle feeding patterns on and variable plant quality in Betulaceous and Salicaceous hosts
Food of the Pygmy Owl Glaucidium passerinum in the breeding season
What's to eat? : and other questions kids ask about food
Gamebird rearing
Plant-soil interactions in cold climate
The effect of nutrition on physiological responses of resistance training in muscle and blood in young men
Carotenoids / vol. 5, nutrition and health
Herbivory among competing seedlings : effects on silver birch populations
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 11
The content of dietary fiber, amino acids, dihydroxyphenols and some macro- and micronutrients in grain of conventionally and organically grown common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet
"In his midtwenties, Dave Asprey was a successful Silicon Valley multimillionaire. He also weighed 300 pounds, despite the fact that he was doing what doctors recommended: eating 1,800 calories a day and working out 90 minutes a day, six times a week. When his excess fat started causing brain fog and food cravings sapped his energy and willpower, Asprey turned to the same hacking techniques that made his fortune to "hack" his own biology, investing more than $300,000 and 15 years to uncover what was hindering his energy, performance, appearance, and happiness. From private brain EEG facilities to remote monasteries in Tibet, through radioactive brain scans, blood chemistry work, nervous system testing, and more, he explored traditional and alternative technologies to reach his physical and mental prime. The result? The Bulletproof Diet, an anti-inflammatory program for hunger-free, rapid weight loss and peak performance. The Bulletproof Diet will challenge--and change--the way you think about weight loss and wellness. You will skip breakfast, stop counting calories, eat high levels of healthy saturated fat, work out and sleep less, and add smart supplements. In doing so, you'll gain energy, build lean muscle, and watch the pounds melt off. By ditching traditional "diet" thinking, Asprey went from being overweight and sick in his twenties to maintaining a 100-pound weight loss, increasing his IQ, and feeling better than ever in his forties. The Bulletproof Diet is your blueprint to a better life"--
Challenges in measuring glycaemic index
Supercharged food for kids : building stronger, healthier, brighter kids from the ground up
The natural pregnancy book : your complete guide to a safe, organic pregnancy and childbirth with herbs, nutrition, and other holistic choices
The fast diet : lose weight, stay healthy, and live longer with the simple secret of intermittent fasting
Deep nutrition : why your genes need traditional food
Extreme food : what to eat when your life depends on it ..
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 2
Expecting better : why the conventional pregnancy wisdom is wrong and what you really need to know
Effects of summer-autumn nutrition and parturition date on reproduction and survival of elk
Diet and foraging of ringed seals in relation to helminth parasite assemblages
Appetite control : the role of food composition and structure
Seabirds : feeding ecology and role in marine ecosystems
Provides information, advice, and recipes for controlling inflammatory diseases, including arthritis, asthma, and allergies, with diet--
Get into running
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 1
Preventing cancer : reducing the risks
The Paleo diet : lose weight and get healthy by eating the foods you were designed to eat
Foraging theory
Radioactivity and human diet
Quality declared planting material : protocols and standards for vegetatively propagated crops : expert consultation, Lima, 27-29 November 2007
Association of obesity with food consumption and some health factors among males and females in the Ivory Coast
Modifying Wheat Bran for Food Applications - Effect of Wet Milling and Enzymatic Treatment
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 5
Are you what you eat?
This report, prepared with the participation of member countries as well as the public and private sectors, demonstrates the central role plant genetic diversity continues to play in shaping agriculture growth in the face of climate change and other environmental challenges. It provides the decision-makers with a technical basis for policy and technical decision to strengthen national efforts. It also aims to attract the attention of the global community to set priorities for the effective management of plant genetic resources for the future. Country reports and thematic studies are available on the accompanying CD-ROM.--Publisher's description.
Sports Nutrition : Enchanging Athletic Performance
Beating cancer with nutrition : clinically proven and easy-to-follow strategies to dramatically improve your quality and quantity of life and increase chances for a complete remission
Why living things need... food
The effect of nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations on nutrient balances of cereals and grass silage
Mass loss of epiphytic lichen litter in a boreal forest
The role of zooplankton in the trophic transfer of fatty acids in boreal lake food webs
Nutrition for dummies
Ecology of host-parasite relationships in boreal Europe : voles, food and infectious diseases
Eating for beauty
Nutrition and fitness in health and disease
The ultimate diet revolution : your metabolism makeover
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 12
Nutrient composition of foods
Spatial ecology of food webs : herbivore-parasitoid communities on the pedunculate oak
An investigation of caribou range on Southampton, Island, Northwest Territories
"The ultimate beauty guide from the experts at GOOP--the trusted resource for healthy, mindful living, curated by Gwyneth Paltrow Millions of women around the world turn to the clean-living team at GOOP for beauty advice. From nontoxic product recommendations, red carpet- (and everyday-) ready hair and makeup tutorials, to guidance on aging, acne, and antioxidants, GOOP has become the go-to resource for head-to-toe beauty. Finally, the editors of GOOP have curated their greatest tips and recommendations, favorite detox recipes, workout plans, and hair and makeup looks in one must-have guide. Featuring more than 100 gorgeous photos and extensive Q&As from GOOP's family of expert contributors, GOOP CLEAN BEAUTY will shed a definitive light on the importance of diet, sleep, exercise, and clean beauty products, while offering tactical advice for healthy, glowing skin and hair that starts from the inside out. The first curated book from the top name in clean-living, GOOP CLEAN BEAUTY is the one resource women need to feel, and look, their best every day"--
Why isn't my brain working? : a revolutionary understanding of brain decline and effective strategies to recover your brain's health
Testing a pilot wastewater treatment plant in laboratory scale
The allergy solution : unlock the surprising, hidden truth about why you are sick and how to get well
Vegan for her : the women's guide to being healthy and fit on a plant-based diet
The paleo diet : food your body is designed to eat
The endangered Saimaa ringed seal in a changing climate : challenges for conservation and monitoring
Fish energetics : new perspectives
The first 20 minutes : the surprising science of how we can exercise better, train smarter and live longer
Cultured food for life : how to make and serve delicious probiotic foods for better health and wellness : [kefir, kombucha, cultured vegetables, sprouted flour, sourdough]
European Food and Nutrition Action Plan 2015-2020
The complete Dukan cookbook
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 16
The fertilization value of human excreta for cabbage and potato growth
Annual and seasonal changes in production and composition of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
The analysis of bat droppings
Call of nature : the secret life of dung
Insect dietary : an account of the food habits of insects
The blood code : unlock the secrets of your metabolism
"From the physician behind the wildly popular website NutritionFacts.org, How Not to Die reveals the groundbreaking scientific evidence behind the only diet that can prevent and reverse many of the causes of disease-related death.The vast majority of premature deaths can be prevented through simple changes in diet and lifestyle. In How Not to Die, Dr. Michael Greger, the internationally-renowned nutrition expert, physician, and founder of NutritionFacts.org, examines the fifteen top causes of premature death in America heart disease, various cancers, diabetes, Parkinson's, high blood pressure, and more and explains how nutritional and lifestyle interventions can sometimes trump prescription pills and other pharmaceutical and surgical approaches, freeing us to live healthier lives. The simple truth is that most doctors are good at treating acute illnesses but bad at preventing chronic disease. The fifteen leading causes of death claim the lives of 1.6 million Americans annually. This doesn't have to be the case. By following Dr. Greger's advice, all of it backed up by strong scientific evidence, you will learn which foods to eat and which lifestyle changes to make to live longer. History of prostate cancer in your family? Put down that glass of milk and add flaxseed to your diet whenever you can. Have high blood pressure? Hibiscus tea can work better than a leading hypertensive drug-and without  the side effects. Fighting off liver disease? Drinking coffee can reduce liver inflammation. Battling breast cancer? Consuming soy is associated with prolonged survival. Worried about heart disease (the number 1 killer in the United States)? Switch to a whole-food, plant-based diet, which has been repeatedly shown not just to prevent the disease but often stop it in its tracks. In addition to showing what to eat to help treat the top fifteen causes of death, How Not to Die includes Dr. Greger's Daily Dozen a checklist of the twelve foods we should consume every day.
Medical medium : secrets behind chronic and mystery illness and how to finally heal
Eat smart : what to eat in a day - every day
Cactus-feeding insects and mites
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
Dietary effects on human fecal microbiota
Younger skin in 28 days : the fast-track diet for beautiful skin and a cellulite-proof body
Science for life : a manual for better living
Seed and planting material available to small-scale farmers in many developing countries is often of insufficient quality, which undermines potential yield and performance of crop production. In 1993, the FAO Plant Production and Protection Division (AGP) initiated an expert consultation that produced technical guidelines on standards and procedures for quality seeds, known as the quality declared seed (QDS) system. QDS, as a quality assurance scheme for seed production, is less demanding than full quality control systems and, thus, can be more easily implemented in situations where resources are limited. However, crop species propagated by diverse vegetative structures such as setts, stem cuttings, tubers, suckers, corms and others have not been included in QDS, even though some of these species are of major importance for agricultural production and food security. Many of these crops, such as yam, cassava and sweetpotato, belong to tropical or subtropical agricultural systems and are staple foods in many developing countries. This publication presents protocols and standards for the production of quality planting material of the most important vegetatively reproduced crops.--Preface
Your fit pregnancy : nutrition & exercise handbook
Food and civilization : Voice of America forum lectures
Winter ecology of a female White-Backed Woodpecker Dendrocopos leucotos (Bechstein)
"Deep Nutrition revolutionizes the way we think about food by showing how dietary choices affect us down to the level of our DNA. Once a world-class athlete plagued by debilitating injuries, physician and biochemist Cate Shanahan was determined to cure her own ailments. So she researched diets from around the world that have been proved to help people live longer, healthier lives--diets from places like the Mediterranean, Okinawa Island, and the Blue Zones--and she identified four common nutritional habits that for generations have unfailingly produced strong, healthy, intelligent children and active, vital elders. These four nutritional strategies form the basis of what Dr. Cate calls the "Human Diet": fresh food, fermented and sprouted foods, meat cooked on the bone, [and] organ meats. By adhering to this Human Diet, Dr. Cate cured her own ailments and has since helped countless patients and readers of the original self-published edition of Deep Nutrition achieve their own optimum health. In this revised and updated edition of the self-published phenomenon, Deep Nutrition shows how anyone can follow the Human Diet to: improve mood; calm allergies; eliminate cravings and the urge to snack; boost fertility and give birth to healthier children; sharpen cognition and memory; build stronger bones and joints; get younger, smoother skin. Not all food is created equal. Real food contains ordered information that can direct our cellular growth in a positive way. Our family history does not determine our destiny. What you eat interacts with your DNA in ways that affect your health and the health of your future children. Cutting through conflicting nutritional ideologies, Deep Nutrition is a groundbreaking, life-changing work that combines science with common sense to illustrate how the traditions of our ancestors can help us all lead longer, healthier, more vital lives."--Dust jacket.
Microbial protein synthesis, digestion and lactation responses of cows to grass or grass-red clover silage diet supplemented with barley or oats
Growth and population structure of perch in relation to diet in a small humic lake, Valkea-Kotinen
Present knowledge in nutrition
100 ways for every girl to look & feel fantastic
Nutrition for the Foodservice Professional
Whole : rethinking the science of nutrition
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 18
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
A guide to the smaller British Lepidoptera : the life histories and foods of upwards of 1370 species of our smaller moths with indices of the foods and the insects with cross references
Elephants and forests
The obesity code : unlocking the secrets of weight loss
Summary.
Brain maker : the power of gut microbes to heal and protect your brain - for life
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 3
Dietary differences between Baltic ringed seals (Phoca hispida botnica) based on stable isotope and fatty acid analyses
Acute and chronic effects of carbon nanoparticles fullerenes(C60) on aquatic invertebrate Chironomus riparius
"Journey through the digestive systems of humans, farm and wild animals, and meet some of nature’s ultimate recyclers as they eat, breed in and compete for dung. The fall of bodily waste onto the ground is the start of a race against the clock as a multitude of dung-feeders and scavengers consume this rich food source. From the enigmatic dung-rolling beetles to bat guano and giant elephant droppings, dung creates a miniature ecosystem to be explored by the aspiring dung watcher. The author completes the book with an identification guide to dung itself, so that you can identify the animal that left it behind. Pellets or pats? Scats, spraints, frass, guano, spoor – learn your way around different species’ droppings. There’s also a dung-feeder’s identification guide that includes the species you’re most likely to encounter on an exploration of the dung heap."
Avian foraging : theory, methodology and applications
Easy-to-use zen
The importance of nutrition and diet theraphy in the management of diabetes
Annual review of nutrition. Vol 20
Effect of nutrients on competition between a virulent and a less virulent strain of the fish pathogen Flavobacterium columnare
The gym workout : body sculpting
Core performance endurance : a new training and nutrition program that revolutionizes your workouts : improve your performance and avoid injuries
Dependence of Arctic char (Salvelinus alpinus L.) on littoral and pelagic energy sources in a subarctic lake, Saanajärvi
Stop overeating : the 28-day plan to end emotional eating for good
Feeding ecology, nutrition, and growth in young cod (Gadus morhua L.) larvae
Littoral-pelagic zone food web interactions in fishless, highly humic Lake Mekkojärvi
Nutrition for foodservice and culinary professionals
The food of the gods and how it came to earth
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 7
Eating habits and knowledge on dietary recommendations among south ostrobothnians in Finland, the TERVAS Project
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 17
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 14
Every body : a nutritional guide to life
Principles of human nutrition
The food book
Effects of dietary carbohydrate modification on persons with metabolic syndrome : a transcriptomics approach of adipose tissue
Robert Wolff's book of great workouts : everything you need to know to vary your routine and keep you motivated
Men's health : e-lehti
Food freedom forever : letting go of bad habits, guilt, and anxiety around food
The China study : the most comprehensive study of nutrition ever conducted and the startling implications for diet, weight loss and long-term health
Deep Nutrition : why your genes need traditional food
Skinny habits : the 6 secrets of thin people
Lipids in infant nutrition
Consequences of predator-prey interactions in boreal streams : scaling up from processes to large-scale patterns
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 6
