http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p367 pizzas
pizzas
The ultimate pizza : the world's favorite pizza recipes - from deep-dish to dessert
Abstract.
Pizza for pirates
The microwave Italian cookbook
The little pizza cookbook
Historical comedy on screen : subverting history with humour
Customer satisfaction and development of servicen in Golden Rax Pizza Buffet Jyväskylä
A long way down
Pizza cake : and other funny stories
A great American cook : recipes from the home kitchen of one of our most influential chefs
Essential Pepin : more than 700 all-time favorites from my life in food
Mediterranean cookbook : fresh, fast and easy recipes
La pizza : the true story from Naples
Stick Dog chases a pizza
"For the first time ever, the legendary chef collects and updates the best recipes from his six-decade career. With a searchable DVD demonstrating every technique a cook will ever need. In his more than sixty years as a chef, Jacques Pepin has earned a reputation as a champion of simplicity. His recipes are classics. They find the shortest, surest route to flavor, avoiding complicated techniques. Now, in a book that celebrates his life in food, the world's most famous cooking teacher winnows his favorite recipes from the thousands he has created, streamlining them even further. They include Onion Soup Lyonnaise-Style, which Jacques enjoyed as a young chef while bar-crawling in Paris; Linguine with Clam Sauce and Vegetables, a frequent dinner chez Jacques; Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter, which he makes indoors in winter and outdoors in summer; Five-Peppercorn Steak, his spin on a bistro classic; Meme's Apple Tart, which his mother made every day in her Lyon restaurant; and Warm Chocolate Fondue Souffle, part cake, part pudding, part souffle, and pure bliss. Essential Pepin spans the many styles of Jacques's cooking: homey country French, haute cuisine, fast food Jacques-style, and fresh contemporary American dishes. Many of the recipes are globally inspired, from Mexico, across Europe, or the Far East. In the accompanying searchable DVD, Jacques shines as a teacher, as he demonstrates all the techniques a cook needs to know. This truly is the essential Pepin. "--
Complete Italian cooking
Meatless main dishes
Curious George and the pizza party
The book of pizzas and Italian breads
The complete book of Italian cooking
The Glorkian warrior delivers a pizza
The wonderful world of pizzas, quiches, and savory pies
Pizzas and pancakes
Battling robots and eating pizza are all in a night's work for the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. – Teksti takakannessa.
