http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3683 tables (furniture)
tables (furniture)
Wood country woodcrafts you can make
Regularization in multistage cooperitive games
Co-Co : design for modularity
Vanities : art of the dressing table
Making garden furniture from wood
Step-by-step outdoor woodwork : over twenty easy-to-build projects for your patio and garden
This thesis was done for HAMK University of Applied Sciences. The purpose of this work was to design a supporting table for Faro Platinum Arm. Due to the requests, and based on the completed table in laboratory, certain improvement functions are included in new design. The aim of the work was to find appropriate approaches to increase the usability of the supporting table. The work included basically three parts: background, theory and design. Background includes introduction on design process and laser scanner. Theory part focuses on screws which is the main idea of the design. Other theories include different ideas of structures design which were brought to the work. Design part was corresponding to the operation requirements of the equipment. Draft drawing by hands illustrated the ideas. Stress analysis was done according to selected manufacturing material information. Internet and books are the major sources. As a result, a qualified design achieves the task requirements. Screw used as elevating methods, folded table and concave shape top plate increase the usability of the table. The size of the screw which is verified by stress analysis is defined, and further study can be made on modelling and manufacturing method.
The dinner party : from creation to preservation
The woodworker's manual : over 30 illustrated step-by-step projects
Space frame furniture : a furniture series, based on engineering structures, using 8mm steel rod
Making contemporary wooden tables : 18 elegant projects from designer-craftsmen
Decorating with concrete indoors : fireplaces, floors, countertops, & more
Supporting table design for FaroArm platinum 3D scanner
Table magic : how to create fabulous table settings
The adjustable table E 1027 by Eileen Gray
The handbuilt home : 34 simple, stylish & budget-friendly woodworking projects for every room
The complete illustrated guide to furniture & cabinet construction
Collapsibles : a design album of space-saving objects
Ian Carr-Harris : works : 1992 - 2002 : The Power Plant, [Toronto], 21 September - 17 November, 2002 / Philip Monk ; with an essay by Antonio Guzman
ABC of design
The minute taker's handbook
Maintenance manual Scandia OT340
New European furniture design. 2
Garden furniture : Easy projects to make
Building storage with style : 20 great-looking projects from off-the-shelf lumber
Office furniture : tables and desks - test methods for the determination of stability, strength and durability
Woven fibre furniture
Repairing & restoring tables : professional techniques to bring your furniture back to life
English furniture, decoration, woodwork & allied arts
Tiling 1-2-3 : floors, walls, countertops, fireplaces, decorating ideas, custom design
Climate strategy study for Pori region
Table chic
Table tennis tactics : your path to success
Expomueble : annual of furniture innovations. 1, Comedores = dining rooms
Table stylings : inspirational settings and decorative themes to transform your table
Table design : everything you wanted to know about "tables"
Making furniture : projects and plans
Fine woodworking on tables and desks : 32 articles selected by the editors of Fine Woodworking magazine
The purpose of this thesis was to build an Arduino controlled turntable which can be used to measure the directivity patterns of loudspeakers. Previously the measurements have been done by moving the microphone around the loudspeaker or by turning the loudspeaker by hand. Both of these methods suffer from poor accuracy of the angle of measurement. When the loudspeaker is instead placed on a stepper motor turntable the angle of measurement can be controlled with high accuracy. The project consisted of adding an Arduino controlled motor control circuit, power supply solution and a box to a given turntable assembly. Because the measurement requires silent environment, a short-range radio remote control which enables easy operation from an adjacent room, was added to the device. The project resulted in a working turntable, which can be used in loudspeaker measurements.
Arduino controlled turntable for loudspeaker directivity pattern measurements
Estimation of eucalyptus forest plantations carbon sequestration potential in Uruguay with the CO2fix model
Table tennis : tips from a world champion
Concrete countertops : designs, forms, and finishes for the new kitchen and bath
Studio furniture of the Renwick Gallery, Smithsonian American Art Museum
How to build your own engine coffee table
Great napkin folding & table setting
An encyclopedia of desks
Chinese furniture
NAPKIN FOLDING & PLACE CARDS FOR FESTIVE TABLES
Low Carbon Life
Children's furniture projects : with step-by-step instructions and complete plans
Proceedings of the International Conference & Exhibition on Soilless Culture : ICESC-2005 : Fort Canning Gallery, Singapore, September 5-8, 2005
Ron Arad
THE TRADITIONAL FURNITURE MAKER
Table Settings : 100 inspirational stylings, themes and layouts, with over 60 sensational step-by-step projects
Know Table Mountain
Masterpieces of marquetry. 2 : from the régence to the present day
Disturb me - disturb me not : designing for flexible privacy in collaborative workspace
Preparing emission reporting from forests : use of national forest inventories in European countries
FURNITURE OF THE WORLD
MAKING CHAIRS & TABLES
Making chairs & tables. Vol. 2.
Astia-utsuwa : Finnish and Japanese dining experience
The $50 home makeover : 75 easy projects to transform your current space into your dream place - for $50 or less!
Classic kitchen projects : complete instructions for 17 distinctive projects
Desks : outstanding projects from America's best craftsmen with plans and complete instructions for building 7 classic desks
learn table tennis in a weekend
Conran Octopus contemporary furniture
Implementing the climate regime : international compliance
The best tables, chairs, lights : innovation and invention in design products for the home
Outdoor wood furnishing
50 tables : innovations in design and materials
Challenges and opportunities for business advantage in Finnish pellet industries : results on literature review and retailer survey
Tables in The Victoria and Albert Museum
Making country furniture : 15 step-by-step projects
Table tennis : steps to success
The custom furniture source book : a guide to 125 craftsmen
Imperfect moments : hints for cooperation
Weekend woodworking with power tools : 18 quick and easy projects : Stylish designs for your home
Ghosts of crises past : comparing Japanese policy effectiveness in the 1970s oil crises and contemporary climate change
Modern furniture classics : postwar to post-modernism
Lark studio series : tables
Copenhagen and Beyond  : An Assessment Based on Three Different Approaches to a Post-2012 Climate Framework
Transaction costs under the Finnish CDM/JI Pilot Programme
Product and furniture design
De tafel : meubelstuk, hoofszakelijk uit een horizontal blad, datop één of meer poten rust, om daarop wat te zetten, te leggen of daaraan wat te verrichten = Table : piece of furniture with flat top supported on legs at a convenient height for use by a seated person
Making fine furniture : designer-makers and their projects
Woodworking for the weekend : 20 projects using reclaimed timber
500 tables : inspiring interpretations of function and style
Building garden & patio furniture
Ingenious jigs & shop accessories : clever ideas for improving your shop and tools
YLEn yöuutiset 1988 = The night news 1988 of YLE - the Finnish Broadcasting Company
Asian furniture : a directory and sourcebook
The contemporary blacksmith
Table inspirations : original ideas for stylish entertaining
Table Mountain walks
The art of napkin folding
Simple handmade storage : 23 step-by-step weekend projects
An encyclopedia of tables
Dining tables : outstanding projects from America's best craftsmen : with plans and complete instructions for building 9 tables
Matthew Hilton : furniture for our time
Zero-carbon energy Kyoto 2010 : proceedings of the second international symposium of global COE program "Energy science  in the age of global warming - toward CO2 zero-emission energy system"
