http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3687 folk life
folk life
Ethnography and folklore of the Georgia-Chechnya border : images, customs, myths and folk tales of the peripheries
A year at the castle : the life of Häme Castle from Michaelmas to Michaelmas
Conditions supporting trust development in relation to the perceived risks in Finnish-Russian business relationships
Doing business in China
Encyclopedia of Jewish folklore and traditions
The shape of the past : essays in Scottish ethnology. 2
Sin city : London in pursuit of pleasure
Promoting Intercultural Management for Working Life in the Baltic Sea Region : A Five-Year Project. Thoughts, Experiences and Impact
At the desert's edge : oral histories from the Sahel
"Summer in Space 2014" : Digital business development course
Bulgarian urban culture in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries
Kintyre country life
The story of Kullervo
Serbia : the country, people, life, customs
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Outlander: a novel
Health economics and outcome studies on type 2 diabetes education and screening in a Chinese population
International issue
West meets east : a study of cross-institutional business relationships between Finnish/Swedish and overseas Chinese firms
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
The folklore of the Black Country : by Roy Palmer
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4A
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Isabella Bird : a photographic journal of travels through China, 1894-1896
One hundred years ago, missionary Hilja Heiskanen brought the first Tibetan  and Bhutanese museum collections to Finland.1 The first collection was acquired  by the National Museum in 1908, the second in 1912. At the beginning of the  20th century, Miss Heiskanen worked in the Baxa Duar and Darjeeling districts  in India for nine years in all as a member of the Scandinavian Alliance Mission,  whose original initiative was to convert Tibetans. This interest can be seen in the  contents of the two collections. Heiskanen grouped the 65 items included in the  first collection as Religious items from Tibet, with additions of Bhutanese, Tibetan  and Hindu items.2 The second collection is larger, 121 numbers, and, according to  the description given by Heiskanen, it consists mainly of various Tibetan items.3  Some of these objects are presented in this paper. According to the theme of  the workshop Himalayan Nature: Representations and Reality held in Helsinki in  March 2008, items made of organic material, mostly of plant parts, are examined  more closely. This means a group of various objects and samples from ritual  items, such as incense, to the non-sacral utility goods, like sheep fat and samples  of foodstuffs. The main effort has been in identifying the natural materials as far  as possible, and, secondly, to give a short description of the customary use of the  chosen items. Thus the purpose has been to contextualize particular items into  particular cultural environments. Natural materials and the items made of them  can and do draw connecting links into wider cultural contexts concerning many  layers of life.
Bread of dreams : food and fantasy in early modern Europe
I. K. Inha's photographs gave faces to Karelianism : blind Miihkali the rune-singer / Kati Lintonen
Montaillou : the promised land of error
Sauna, the Finnish bath
Power in the blood : popular culture and village discourse in early modern Germany
Love, death and money in the Pays d'Oc
The shape of the past : essays in Scottish ethnology. 1
International business : the new realities
The Asian insider : unconventional wisdom for Asian business
Gypsies of the world
Passing the time in Ballymenone : culture and history of an Ulster community
Van hóa Viêt Nam qua buu anh cô = Knowledge on Viet Nam through ancient post cards = Connaissance du Viet Nam à travers anciennes cartes postales
The python killer : stories of Nzema life
Eastern perspectives, ethnographic interpretations of details / Helena Lonkila
A handbook of the Scottish Gaelic world
The country life periods in Akseli Gallen-Kallela's art : Gallen-Kallela Museum, 16.5. - 16.9.1984 / Gallen-Kallelan Museo
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating, sourcing and managing across cultures
Workplace health promotion in Europe : the role of national health policies and strategies
Andreas Alarieston Lapin kuvia = The paintings of Lapland by Andreas Alariesto / [toimitus = edition: Marika Välimaa ; valokuvat = photos: Sulo Nordberg]
A "unique culture"? : migration, nostalgia, alcoholism, suicide and religious revival in Finland
Opportunities, constraints and constrained opportunities : a study on mothers' working time patterns in 22 European countries
The folklore of the Lake District
Folklore and folklife in India : an objective study in Indian perspective
Sigrid Holmwood : 1857 - paintings : Annely Juda Fine Art, London, 16 January - 23 February 2008 / essay: Paul Bonaventura
My heartrendingly tragic story
Harukor : an Ainu woman's tale
Fotografie veche = Ancient photography. Ciclul: urme ; seria: fără grabă = Cycle: Traces ; series: at leisure
Employment relationship : a comparative overview
Developing Music Management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management
Intercultural interactions in business and management
Critical success factors of Finnish-Mexican interpersonal communication in the business context
What new tools and models are enriching labor economics? "Developments in Research Methods and their Application" (volume 4A) summarizes recent advances in the ways economists study wages, employment, and labor markets. Mixing conceptual models and empirical work, contributors cover subjects as diverse as field and laboratory experiments, program evaluation, and behavioral models. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title investigates recent advances in methods and models used in labor economics. It demonstrates what these new tools and techniques can accomplish. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
International business-society management : linking corporate responsibility and globalization
Training professionals for the global marketplace : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
The year of living Danishly : uncovering the secrets of the world's happiest country
The far north of postcards is another world - six aspects of an imagined people / Jorma Lehtola
Inventory : Transylvanian pictures 1967-1998
The young wife and other stories
What factors affect the ways individuals participate in labor markets? "New Developments and Research on Labor Markets" (volume 4B) proposes answers to this and other questions on important topics of public policy. Leading labor economists demonstrate how better data and advanced experiments help them apply economic theory, yielding sharper analyses and conclusions. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models enable the authors of these chapters to reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title concentrates on empirical research in specific labor markets, including those defined by age, gender, and race. It reveals how questions and answers about these markets have changed and how models measure them. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Housing and family life among the displaced persons
Making Museum Collections: Missionary Hilja Heiskanen's Himalayan artefacts
Life at the Ruotsinsalmi fortress
The undiscovered country : text, translation, and modernity in the work of Yanagita Kunio
Lapsia = Children
A calf for Christmas
Extraordinary mode of singing by Finlanders
The triple package : what really determines success
Life and administration of late Roman Attica in the light of public inscriptions
Bodies through a distorting mirror : attitudes towards the fool's body in early modern England
Professional communicative repertoires and trajectories of socialization into global working life
The influence of MNC’s culture on employee’s work life balance
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4B
Gwichya Gwich'in Googwandak : the history and stories of the Gwichya Gwich'in : as told by the Elders of Tsiigehtchic
Folklore and folklife in the United Arab Emirates
Bunyoro : an African kingdom
Folklore in America : tales, songs, superstitions, proverbs, riddles, games, folk drama and folk festivals
Abstract: Developing Music Management in European collaboration. Cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management.
The Newfoundland tongue
Voices of the people in nineteenth-century France
Traits from life in a Sea-Lappish district : told by Anders Monsen from Repparfjord
Kone's prince : the colorful life of Pekka Herlin
Scottish life and society : a compendium of Scottish ethnology. 6, Scotland's domestic life
Cultural studies on folk religion in Scandinavia
Through the eyes of Durdy Bayramov : Turkmen village life, 1960s-80s
Finnish American folklife : a special issue
Inner Mongolia : the horseback people
Among the Samoyed in Siberia
Are the healthier wealthier or the wealthier healthier? : the European evidence
Everyday, fast and feast : household work and the production of time in pre-modern Russian Orthodox Karelia
Material culture and well-being in Byzantium (400-1453) : proceedings of the international conference (Cambridge, 8-10 September 2001)
Meeting future needs of Finnish working life through a healthy workforce : 2009 international evaluation of the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health
America's vanishing folkways
Summary.
Encyclopedia of women's folklore and folklife
Swedish-American life in Chicago : cultural and urban aspects of an immigrant people, 1850-1930
Building bridges : the cinema of Jean Rouch
School-to-work transitions in international comparison
When teams collide : managing the international team successfully
Effective multicultural teams : theory and practice
The eternal cycle : ecology, worldview and ritual of reindeer herders of Northern Kamchatka
Dwellings : the vernacular house worldwide
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
Business Ethics in Global Economy
Sculpture after 1917 (Independent Finland) / Rolf Nummelin
Abstract: Training professionals for the global marketplace. Cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business.
Abstract: Cross-evaluation Reports of the Degree Programmes in Automation  Technology, Software Engineering, and Information Technology.
New challenges for European human resource management
Tepoztlan : a Mexican village : a study of folk life
Scottish life and society : a compendium of Scottish ethnology. Vol. 2, Farming and the land
The ILO principle of equal pay and its implementation
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
The encyclopedia of Jewish life before and during the Holocaust
Discovering American folklife : studies in ethnic, religious, and regional culture
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Saamenmaa = Land of the Saame
Educating the global workforce : knowledge, knowledge work and knowledge workers
Passing the time : folklore and history of an Ulster community
Folklore of the change : folk culture in post-socialist Bulgaria
Pertenecer a la tierra : la vida en las comunidades del Chaco salteǫ = Belonging to the land : life in the communities of the Chaco region of Salta
Highland folk ways
The Swedish book fair and folklife literature - impressions and reflections
The museum at the end of the world : encounters in the Russian Far East
Daily life in medieval times : a vivid, detailed account of birth, marriage and death; food, clothing and housing; love and labor in the middle ages
Museums as changing organizations and exponents of the museum institution : [väitöskirjat]
Folklore and folklife : a guide to English-language reference sources. Volume 2
Russia 2030 based on contracts
No zoo : ethnic civility and its cultural regulation among the staff of a Finnish high-tech company
Social anthropology of the Malays : collected essays of M.G. Swift
Scottish country life
The people of Paris : an essay in popular culture in the 18th century
Andreas Alariesto : a storyteller from Lapland
Work and family : an international research perspective
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The orphan master's son
Finnish professionals with limited English proficiency : a study of language attitudes and language use
Training professionals for the global marketplace: cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
