http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3686 clothing sector (lines of business)
clothing sector (lines of business)
Start your own clothing store and more : childrens, bridal, vintage, consignment
Fashion openness : applying an open source philosophy to the paradigm of fashion
Customisation of fashion products using complete garment technology
Recommendations concerning characteristics and faults in fabrics to be used for clothing : proposal March 2006
Personnel magazine for Zara Finland
Will work for shoes : the business behind red carpet product placement
Nordic and Eurasian elements in Lapp culture
The small firm in global markets : a descriptive case study on the internationalisation patterns of small design-intensive Finnish firms
Consumer buying behaviour in business clothing markets of women in St Petersburg
How to prepare for a career in fashion
First sight
Planned continuity : design of sustainable clothing service concept
The Italian metamorphosis, 1943-1968
Fashion buying and merchandising
Descriptions of Finnish vocational qualifications in Finnish, Swedish, English, German and French. Technology. 3 : textile and clothing technology, craphics technology, seafaring, separate study lines
Abstract.
Technical Know-how in Garment Processing
Social media marketing in the fashion industry
This fully updated overview of fashion retailing surveys the global expansion of retailers into the US market and US-based retailers to global markets.
Fashion A to Z : an illustrated dictionary
300% cotton : more t-shirt graphics
Free stylin' : how Hip Hop Changed the Fashion Industry
A perfect fit : opettajan opas
Clothing English
Ecotextile news
The world of fashion merchandising
Marketing and Facebook : how fashion companies promote themselves on Facebook
Sustainable fashion : new approaches
Challenges in changing retailing : Shop-in-shops as an emerging concept
RFID in fashion supply chain management
New logo, new threads
9heads : a guide to drawing fashion
The Marketing-Orientated Business Plan for a Company-To-Be, Case: Lauriida
Key concepts for the fashion industry
"This book questions why we have such a love-hate relation ship with fashion. Guiding us through the major figures and brands of today's fashion system, Dress Code shows how they shape us and in turn why we love to be shaped by them. The book focuses on everyday, affordable 'fast fashion' brands as well as the luxury market, to show how both ends of the fashion industry exert a powerful force over our lives. It also discusses trend forecasters, the media and the pressures on consumers, arguing that the world of fashion is both a dictatorship and a democracy, directing our shopping habits as well as our appearance.This study explores what happens when we get dressed: why fashion can make us feel powerful, beautiful and original, yet also paradoxically works oppressively, forcing consumers to conform. This book peels off the layers of the world's fifth largest industry, garment by garment, to reveal fashion as a phenomenon, a business and an art. Grinde Arntzen is disturbed by its influence yet sympathetic to our desire - however ambivalent - to be stylish, smart or trendy. Dress Code is both a succinct and thought-provoking look at how the culture of dress dominates everyday life, and a lively and honest account of the pleasures and problems of fashion"--Publisher's description.
Start your own fashion accessories business : your step-by-step guide to success
Organizational growth and structuring : cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses in firms of the Finnish clothing industry
Apparel merchandising : the line starts here
Fashion forecasting : a mystery or a method ?
The business of fashion : designing, manufacturing, and marketing
Mathematics for retail buying
Freelance fashion designer's handbook
How to Increase Search Engine Visibility by Using Basic SEM and SEO Tecniques : Case: Voglia Oy
Consumer buying behavior in Chinese clothing market : Case Bestseller Fashion Group China Ltd
Finnish buyers’ perceptions of Indian textile and clothing suppliers : Country of origin in focus
Polyester : the indestructible fashion
The force of fashion in politics and society : global perspectives from early modern to contemporary times
Private label products: improving collaboration within international supply chain : case: L-Fashion Group
A new role for fashion designers in the apparel industry : a facilitatior
Fashion retailing : a multi-channel approach
Guide to fashion entrepreneurship : the plan, the product, the process
The Fashion Intern
What works in fashion advertising : interpreting the strategic thinking behind the advertising and communications of fashion producers and retailers
The case company Ritva Falla Oy is an privately owned clothing manufacturer located in Helsinki, Finland. The current owner Ritva Falla has previously worked for Marimekko as the lead designer and thus created a recognizable name in the industry. The purpose of the thesis is to investigate the current brand strength and evaluate the current marketing and communication methods and make suggestions towards a more cost-efficient marketing and communication plan in the future. The thesis focuses on the area of marketing and communication with a strong emphasis on different brand identity and awareness concepts. The focus is on identifying the current brand perception to identify the strengths and weaknesses. The research was conducted as a qualitative research through important key players and purchasers in the clothing industry. The research information was analyzed by the researcher to identify the current state of the brand and to create suggestions that could improve the current marketing and communication methods of the case company. As results of the research study, the current state of the brand image was analyzed in discussion format which then was conluded into suggestions towards further actions for the case company.
Developing Distribution Channels for the Chinese Textile Industry
Abstract: Consumer behavior in the men's suit market in St. Petersburg.
Abstract: Social media marketing in the fashion industry.
Dress code : the naked truth about fashion
Behind collections : graphic design and promotion for fashion brands
Creating a unique dress : a study of Riitta Immonen`s creations in the Finnish fashion house tradition
Developing distribution channels for the chinese textile industry
Fashion and costume in American popular culture : a reference guide
The most suitable retail forms and their prerequisites of success for the young woman fashion in Germany : Case Lempivaate Collection of Nanso
Co-branding as a tool for strategic brand activation : how to find the ideal partner - an explanatory case study in the fashion and design sector
How a small fashion brand survives in the Chinese market? : business development plan for Minna Parikka Shoes Ltd
Analysing the current brand value and creating suggestions towards improved marketing and communication methods : case company: Ritva Falla Oy
Trends as a concrete help of futures thinking for organizations : how could trends become understood and utilized better?
Abstract: Consumer buying behaviour in business clothing markets of women in St Petersburg.
Themes and seams in textiles
Fashion marketing
First sight : a novel
Influential factors of Chinese purchaser behavior in clothing market
Abstract: Projects make professionals - how to write a paper and the outcome.
Challenges in retail clothing business : case Sam Wear Oy
Steps Towards More Sustainable Fabrications : Case Arbor Collective
Fabrics and pattern cutting : fabric, form and flat pattern cutting
Marketing fashion : strategy, branding and promotion
Fashion supply chain management : industry and business analysis
Marketing fashion : a global perspective
Back to flower power : Marimekko classics
Information technology and strategic development in the Finnish clothing industry
Lookbooks, show invitations, packaging and gift cards are important tools for communicating a fashion brands' aesthetic and point of view. Art directors and graphics designers collaborate with fashion designers, stylists, make-up artists, and photographers to create inspiring campaigns for each new collection. Behind Collections compiles an impressive range of creative and artistic promotional material designed for the fashion world. Designs for Herms, Acne Studios, American Apparel, Mulberry, Jean Paul Gaultier, Basso & Brooke and many others are featured..
Magic world of textiles : book of proceedings
The Effectiveness of Social Media as a Marketing Communication Tactic : Case Gina Tricot Ltd
Dictionary of costume and fashion : historic and modern
The fashion designer survival guide : start and run your own fashion business
Portfolio presentation for fashion designers
A history of the paper pattern industry : the home dressmaking fashion revolution
Slow fashion : aesthetics meets ethics
Fashion design
Textiles technology
Where underpants come from : from checkout to cotton field - travels through the new China
Ready-to-wear and ready-to-work : a century of industry and immigrants in Paris and New York
The woven pixel : designing for Jacquard and Dobby looms using Photoshop
Cutting for all ! : the sartorial arts, related crafts, and the commercial paper pattern : a bibliographic reference guide for designers, technicians, and historians
Clothes & your appearance
How fashion works : couture, ready-to-wear and mass production
Postponement in fashion retailing : a case study of H&M
Company clothing
Inside the fashion business
Slow Fashion offers creatives, entrepreneurs, and ethical consumers alike a glimpse into the innovative world of the eco-concept store movement, sustainable design, and business that puts people, livelihoods and sustainability central to everything they do. Safia Minney argues that the future of brick and mortar retail is in the best in fair trade, sustainable, and organic products, together with vintage, second hand, and local produce. Restorative economics, the well-being of our planet, and our bodies and minds can be inspired by this growing sector, one that is shaping big business. This book curates pioneering people and projects that will inspire you to be part of the change.
Innovation in luxury fashion family business : Processes and products innovation as a means of growth
Business Plan for a New Online Clothing Store
Branding the man : why men are the next frontier in fashion retail
Marketing Fashion, Second Edition is a practical guide to the fundamental principles of marketing and branding, from creating a customer profile to developing a brand identity. The book explains key theoretical concepts and illustrates how they are applied within the global fashion and retail industry, from haute couture to the mass market. All tools in the modern marketer's kit are discussed, from attending fashion fairs to viral marketing and online strategies. Using examples and case studies drawn from a broad range of fashion, textile and retail businesses, students are led through the marketing process from initial consumer and market research to the creation of exciting marketing and branding campaigns. The book is designed to appeal to students at degree or foundation level as well as those contemplating a career within the fashion industry.
FASHION TEXTILES
Start your own clothing store : your step-by-step guide to success
A European sizing survey : case study "SizeGERMANY"
Ready to launch : the PR couture guide to breaking into fashion PR
Industry clothing construction methods
Less but better : towards sustainability in the fashion
Consumer behavior in the men's suit market in St. Petersburg
Describes today's challenges for both apparel manufacturers and retailers in meeting the consumer's demands for the right products at the right prices--and at the right times. Approached from the perspective of the apparel product manager, Rosenau and Wilson cover men's and women's sportswear and activewear and children's wear in both domestic and international markets.The text follows the evolution of the merchandising function with emphasis on product development and production efficiency, highlighting the philosophies of industry executives and the effective integration of the merchandising, marketing, and manufacturing functions along the way. The third edition emphasizes the increased importance of retailer's private brands, explores how companies apply technology to all facets of product development and supply chain management, and addresses the impact of social media on both retailers and apparel manufacturers.
The apparel industry
A large number of family businesses operate in the luxury fashion sector, which shows their importance as a source of growth, development and social and economic stability. Innovation in Luxury Fashion Family Business analyses how a strategy of innovation in terms of products and processes can offer a competitive advantage to large and medium-sized family businesses operating in the industry. The book offers a business model for companies in order to manage such strategies of innovation efficiently and effectively, as well as for the purpose of educating customers to appreciate more innovative products.
Fabrics and pattern cutting
