http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3699 misdemeanours
misdemeanours
Impunity and human rights in international law and practice
Commission on Human Rights, Sub-Commission of Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities, forty-eighth session : provisional agenda. Item 15, Contemporary forms of slavery : report of the Working Group on Contemporary Forms of Slavery on its twenty-first session
Tort law and economic interests
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 5, Torts : Liability for damage caused by things
Tort : cases and materials
Motive matters! : an exploration of the notion 'deliberate breach of contract' and its consequences for the application of remedies
Busted : mug shots and arrest records of the famous and infamous
The role of truth commisions in conflict resolution and human rights promotion : Chile, South-Africa and Guatemala : research report for the Department for Intenational Development Cooperation, Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland
The law of torts. Vol. 2
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 11, Torts : Collateral benefits
The phenomenon of torture : readings and commentary
Tort law statutes
The law of torts. Vol. 4
A small corner of hell : dispatches from Chechnya
Tort in a nutshell
The anatomy of tort law
Report of the Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities on itś forty-ninth session, Geneva, 4-29 August 1997
The pirates and the mouse : Disney's war against the counterculture
Aristocratic vice : the attack on duelling, suicide, adultery, and gambling in eighteenth-century England
Textbook on tort
The chronicle of the catholic church in Lithuania. Vol. 6, Underground journal of human rights violations : nos. 40-49, 1979-81
Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston's law of contract
The unruly school : disorders, disruptions, and crimes
Fundamental breach of contract and interpretation difficulties of article 25 of the CISG
The true cost of low prices : the violence of globalization
Conflict of laws
The option of litigating in Europe
Lithuania : the rebel nation
Humanitarian intervention in contemporary conflict : a reconceptualization
State's crimes against humanity : genocide, deportation, and torture from the perspectives of international and Islamic laws
Massacres : an historical perspective
Guidelines on ensuring successful convictions of offenders of anti-pollution regulations at sea
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Torts
Gross human rights violations : a search for causes : a study of Guatemala and Costa Rica
Organizational misbehaviour
Exploring the domain of accident law : taking the facts seriously
International encyclopedia of comparative law. Vol. 11, Part 2, Torts
Effective strategies for protecting human rights : prevention and intervention, trade and education
Tort liability under uncertainty
A common European law of torts
You're off! : the Talksport book of red cards
The police, public order and the state : policing in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Irish Republic, the USA, Israel, South Africa and China
Risks and wrongs
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 4, Torts : Private and governmental liability for the torts of employees and organs
Tort
Human Rights Watch world report. 2009 : events of 2008
The law of torts. Vol. 3
The law of torts. Vol. 5
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 10, Torts : Various damages
A small corner of hell dispatches from Chechnya
Transnational environmental damage : Liability and remedies, a parallel of Finnish and Brazilian laws
World Report
Small claims courts : a comparative study
Best practices for improving law compliance in the forestry sector
Remedies for breach of contract : a comparative account
The philosophy of tort law
Civil liability for pure economic loss
Annual survey of violations of trade union rights 2001.
Hungarian-Finnish penal law seminary on petty offences : 5-8 September, 1983, Budapest
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American criminal justice. 3, Delinquency and disorderly behavior
Alexandra Stiglmayer interviewed survivors of the continuing war in Bosnia-Herzegovina in order to reveal, to a seemingly deaf world, the horrors of the ongoing war in the former Yugoslavia. The women - primarily of Muslim but also of Croatian and Serbian origin - have endured the atrocities of rape and the loss of loved ones. Their testimony, published in the 1993 German edition, is bare, direct, and its cumulative effect overwhelming. The first English edition contains Stiglmayer's updates to her own two essays, one detailing the historical context of the current conflict and the other presenting the core of the book, interviews with some twenty victims of rape as well as interviews with three Serbian perpetrators. Essays investi-gating mass rape and war from ethnopsychological, sociological, cultural, and medical perspectives are included.
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 3, Torts : Liability for persons under supervision
International human rights litigation in U.S. courts
Terrorism and tyranny : trampling freedom, justice, and peace to rid the world of evil
Unspeakable truths : confronting state terror and atrocity
Atiyah's accidents, compensation and the law
Between sanctions and elections : aid donors and their human rights performance
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Chapter 31-34, Private international law : Torts: introduction
Mass rape : the war against women in Bosnia-Herzegovina
Clerk & Lindsell on torts
Internal conflicts and protection of fundamental human rights as an obligation erga omnes
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 6, Torts : Professional liability
Administrative sanctions in fisheries law
A comparative introduction to the German law of torts
Taking lives : genocide and state power
Convention against torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. Consideration of reports submitted by states parties under article 19 of the convention : initial reports of states parties due in 1992 : addendum : Croatia
The economics of law : Property, contracts, and obligations
Arming conflict : the proliferation of small arms
Accidental justice : the dilemmas of tort law
Who do my opponents say I am? : an investigation of the accusations against Jesus
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 14, Torts : Traffic accident compensation: law and proposals
Clerk and Lindsell on torts : first supplement to the sixteenth edition
Foundations of private law : property, tort, contract, unjust enrichment
Remedies for torts and breach of contract
The wrongs of tort
Irish law of torts
Winfield and Jolowicz on tort
Liability of corporate groups : autonomy and control in parent-subsidiary relationships in US, German and EU law : an international and comparative perspective
Improving employees' information systems (IS) security behavior : toward a meta-theory of IS security training and a new framework for understanding employees' IS security behavior
Civil disobedience in antiquity
The law of torts. Vol. 6
America's unpatriotic acts : the federal government's violation of constitutional and civil rights
Human rights and post-conflict transitional justice in East Timor
Commission on Human Rights, Sub-Commission of Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities, forty-eighth session : provisional agenda. Item 15, Contemporary forms of slavery : preliminary report of the special rapporteur on the situation of systematic rape, sexual slavery and slavery-like practices during periods of armed conflict
The law of torts. Vol. 1
Consequential damages in comparative context : from breach to monetary remedy in the American, Scandinavian and international law of contracts and sales
Statutory torts
The great white wonders : a history of rock bootlegs
Vicarious liability in the law of torts
Intellectual property : economic and legal dimensions of rights and remedies
Bull Mountain
Built upon the structure and content of the successful first edition (currently in its eighth printing), this second edition of The True Cost of Low Prices: The Violence of Globalization examines the effects of globalization on the earth's poorest and most vulnerable people within the context of scripture and church teaching. The text engages the reader with stories of the women, men, and children living in poverty who have experienced both the promise of the global economy and its troubling outcomes. <p> The nine thematic chapters begin with a story of a person affected by a particular dimension of the violence of globalization. That is followed by a description of the "signs of the times," including the topic's relationship to low prices, and then by "what the church teaches," utilizing the Catechism, the Compendium of the Social Doctrine of the Church, papal encyclicals, the documents of Vatican II, and the statements of the U.S. Catholic bishops. Each chapter concludes with "signs of hope," descriptions of groups and strategies that make a difference. Each chapter also includes discussion questions and suggestions for making a difference.
Harper, James and Gray : the law of torts : 1989 cumulative supplement No 2
The widening circle of genocide. Vol. 3, Genocide : a critical bibliographic review
The philosophical foundations of tort law
New directions in crime and deviancy
Comparative remedies for breach of contract
Remedies in contract and tort
International prosecution of human rights crimes
Bank guarantees in international trade : the law and practice of independent (first demand) guarantees and standby letters of credit in civil law and common law jurisdictions
The role of international financial institutions in international humanitarian law : report from the International Humanitarian Law Working Group
