http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3695 makers of musical instruments
makers of musical instruments luthiers
The bass book : a complete illustrated history of bass guitars
Benedetto : body and soul : a portrait of master guitarmaker Robert Benedetto
Geigenbauer der deutschen Schule des 17. bis 19. Jahrhunderts. Band 1, A-K = Violin-makers of the German school from the 17th to the 19th century. Volume 1, A-K = Luthiers de l'ecole allemande du 17e au 19e siècle. Volume 1, A-K
Anthony Stradivari : the celebrated violin maker
Geigenbauer der deutschen Schule des 17. bis 19. Jahrhunderts. Band 2, L-Z = Violin-makers of the German school from the 17th to the 19th century. Volume 2, L-Z = Luthiers de l'ecole allemande du 17e au 19e siècle. Volume 2, L-Z / Walter Hamma
The violin and viola : history, structure, techniques
Cavaillé-Coll's monumental organ project for Saint Peter's, Rome : bigger than them all
A biographical dictionary of English court musicians, 1485-1714
Broadwood by appointment : history
The Hubert clavichord data book
Emerging musical innovators : Eastwood guitars
Instrumental innovators. Episode 1, Paul Reed Smith
Adolphe Sax : his life and legacy
The new Langwill index : a dictionary of musical wind-instrument makers and inventors
88 keys : the making of a Steinway piano
The violin-makers of the Guarneri family : (1626-1762) : their life and work
Emerging musical innovators : Eastwood Guitars
Instrumental innovators. Episode 3 : Dave Smith
Erkki Kurenniemi's big project : building the future
Instrumental innovators. Episode 3, Dave Smith
"With rare diligence and accuracy" : the organ building of Peter Adolph Albrechtsen in the context of nineteenth-century Danish / Norwegian organ culture
Pianos and their makers : a comprehensive history of the development of the piano from the monochord to the concert grand player piano
Electrified : the art of the contemporary electric guitar
Encyclopedia of violin-makers
Soitinrakentaja Anderstin vaskipuhaltimet : Johann Friedrich Anderstin soittimet Kuopion kulttuurihistoriallisessa museossa = The Johann Friedrich Anderst brass music instument collection at Kuopio Cultural History Museum
The piano
The art and craft of making classical guitars
Echo and twang : classic guitar music of the '50s
Instrumental innovators. The guitar tone collection
Harmonium : the history of the reed organ and its makers
Antonio Stradivari : his life and work (1644-1737)
Guitar Family Trees : the history of the world's most iconic guitars
The late Cremonese violin makers
Harry Wahl's violins
Aristide Cavaillé-Coll (1811-1899) is often referred to as the greatest organ builder of all time. The pipe-organ, being the most complicated musical instrument mechanically and tonally, as well as the most expensive, adds significantly to that world's greatest designation. The talents required to be such a person range far from music-making to advanced physics, architecture, and engineering. That, plus the obvious knack to raise vast sums of money. Cavaillé-Coll's monumental organ project for Saint Peter's, Rome: bigger than them all, by Ronald Ebrecht, is the story of the quest to build the largest-ever mechanical-action organ in the biggest church at the time. Cavaillé-Coll's model for that organ and the book he wrote outlining his proposal are the core of Ebrecht's discussion. Cavaillé-Coll bestrode a century as well as an art-form. His century complicated the project with the most intricate, intractable problems. Saint-Peter's Square, now a part of the Vatican City State, was then part of the newly-united Italy, which had just deposed the pope as ruler of the center of Italy and taken the papal lands. The east end of the basilica facing the square and the Tiber became a much disputed boundary. It was a part of the Italian state so hotly contested that the Italian Republicans would not accept the concept of an organ hanged from the basilica wall, lest it shift. Before, or since, has the music sphere ever provoked such a question that could bring nations to swords? Here, the story retold is accompanied by a foreword by Cardinal Tauran and introduction by Thomas Murray.
Antonio de Torres : guitar maker : his life and work
A dictionary of Violin Makers
The voyage
Antonio de Torres : Guitar maker - his life and work
Universal dictionary of violin and bow makers
The violin and viola
Musical instrument makers of New York : a directory of eighteenth-and nineteenth-century urban craftsmen
The organ : an encyclopedia
Instrumental innovators. Episode 6, Kustom Amplification
Instrumental innovators. Episode 7, First Act
Die Orgelbauerfamilie Silbermann : Bibliographie zu ihrem Leben und Werk = Silbermann - a family of organ builders : a bibliography of their life and work
