http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p37 bulletins
bulletins
Flyer Soziotope : topographie of a media phenomenon
Mission statement genre at Kemira Pigments and employee attitudes towards it
Investor reactions to corporate merger and acquisition announcements
Danish in the South and the North. Vol. 1, Denmark : introduction : prehistory
Your message and the media : the complete and practical guide to media relations
Implied and realized volatility reaction to earnings announcements in German stock and derivatives market
Preformulating the news : an analysis of the metapragmatics of press releases
Gartside's model business letters : & Other business documents
Towards transparent disclosure : theoretical review
Stock returns around earnings announcements : an empirical analysis of the Helsinki stock exchange
Signal : a user experience prototype for visualizing notifications as light signals
The Euro in sight : translation, visual impairment and equality in the European Union
Discourse, of course : an overview of research in discourse studies
A guide to style and techniques for all written communication. From the dos and don'ts of English grammar, to jargon and cliches, to the important legal considerations, It advises on how to write clear, appropriate and engaging copy and tailor your approach to different mediums and audiences.
Creative newsletters & annual reports : designing information
Impact of merger and acquisition announcements on the acquiring shareholders' wealth : the case of Nokia and Apple
Informaatio
Infood : information from SIK, the Swedish Institute for Food Research
Effective writing skills for public relations
Mediawriting : print, broadcast, and public relations
Report writing for business
Ballads and broadsides in Britain, 1500-1800
Market reaction to open market share repurchases with intra-industry comparison : evidence from Finland
Writing skills for public relations : style and technique for mainstream and social media
Brochure design that works : secrets for successful brochure design
The impact of U.S. macroeconomic news announcements on bond prices : evidence from U.S. bond markets
Music promotion case study: planning the European tour 2009 for Iro Haarla Quintet
Abstract: Managing information security in modern organizations.
English summary: At the information market. Earnings game in financial press releases in Finland.
This thesis introduces the project work of promoting a Finnish jazz band, Iro Haarla Quintet. The aim of the project was to create marketing material for the band, advertise it to jazz festival directors, and try to book the band as many concerts around Europe as possible for the year 2009. The main advertising media used to promote the band was chosen to be direct mail, using a band press kit format. Internet and a promo DVD were used as supporting media for effective mix of media. Theoretical background for the project consists of theory on advertisement management, media selection and planning, advantages and disadvantages of different media, advertising by direct mail and internet, and different aspects of advertising design. The empirical part first explains the background of the band and marketing efforts made by the band's manager prior to this project. Next, the chapter documents the steps taken in planning and executing the advertising campaign for the year 2009. The choice of media and design of the material is justified by applying the theoretical background to the made advertising choices. Finally, in the last chapter, the overall success of the project is evaluated and suggestions for executing similar projects in the future are made.
European Ombudsmen : newsletter
Improving business communication skills
How LIS professionals can use alerting services
Recruiters’ perceptions of job advertisements : a case study of a Helsinki based recruitment agency
RTD info : news roundup on EC research and technological development programmes
The new rules of marketing and PR : how to use news releases, blogs, podcasting, viral marketing, & online media to reach buyers directly
The new rules of marketing and PR : how to use social media, blogs, news releases, online video, & viral marketing to reach buyers directly
Working with computer type. 1, books, magazines, newsletters
Understanding hypermedia : from multimedia to virtual reality
Yliopistopedagogiikka = Journal of university pedagogy
Layoff announcements and stock price reactions in Finland : value versus growth
Fresh ideas in invitations posters and announcements
Case studies in crisis communication : international perspectives on hits and misses
Newsletters :  a step-by-step guide
A user's guide
Quasi-correctness and the balance of power in Finnish translations of informative texts produced in the European Union
Writing for design professionals : a guide to writing successful proposals, letters, brochures, portfolios, reports, presentations and job applications for architects, engineers and interior designes
Publicity, newsletters, and press releases
Effects of macroeconomic news announcements on Finnish sector index returns
The media: freedom or responsibility : the war in Lebanon, 1982. A case study
Hypothesis of individualism and equality? : cultural representations in American organizational media releases
