http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3709 Tamil people
Tamil people
Moral fictions : Tamil folktales in oral tradition
Proceedings of the fifth international conference-seminar of Tamil studies. Volume 1
A history of Tamil literature : with texts and translations : from the earliest times to 600 A. D.
Vidyārṇavavandanam : essays in Honour of Asko Parpola
Poetry and poetics : literary conventions of Tamil love poetry = Poëzie en poëtica : literaire conventies van Tamil liefdespoëzie
A critical review of the story of Ramayana and an account of South Indian Castes : based on the view of the late prof. P. Sundaram Pillai, M. A. by V. P.
A guide to Tamil : by the direct method
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 12, Pallava inscriptions
Tamil bow-song performance
Winslow's a comprehensive Tamil and English dictionary
Annotated index to Centamil, the journal of the Madurai Tamil Sangam, Part B
The divided island : stories from the Sri Lankan war
Elder Brothers story : (an oral epic of Tamil)
A grammar of modern Tamil
Buddhism among Tamils in pre-colonial Tami−lakam and −I−lam. Part 1, Prologue. The Pre-Pallava and the Pallava period
Conversational Tamil
Proceedings of the fifth international conference-seminar of Tamil studies. Volume 2
Notes on love in a Tamil family
You cannot turn away : poems in Tamil
Manikka Vacagar and his date
An intensive course in Tamil : dialogues, drills, excercises, vocabulary, grammar and word index
Play, symbolism, and ritual : a study of Tamil Brahmin women's rites of passage
Folklore of Tamil Nadu
Star children's picture dictionary : bilingual : English-Tamil
Ver̲r̲i vēr̲kai or the hand with a victorious spear : a popular books of maxims attributed to the 16th century king Ativīrarāma Pāṇṭiyan̲
Social history of the Tamils (1707-1947)
Language and the politics of emotion
Glimpses of ancient Dravidians
Politics of duplicity : re-visiting the Jaffna talks
God as a remover of obstacles : a study of Caiva soteriology among I-lam Tami-l refugees in Stockholm, Sweden
Epigraphical evidences for Tamil studies
Songs of experience : the poetics of Tamil devotion
The treatment of morphology in Tolk−appiyam
Folk arts of Tamilnadu : the performing arts
A catalogue of the Tamil books in the library of the British Museum. Vol. 2, Supplementary catalogue
A Buddhist woman's path to enlightenment : proceedings of a Workshop on the Tamil Narrative Manimēkalai, Uppsala University, May 25-29, 1995
Religion against the self : an ethnography of Tamil rituals
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 2 (parts 3, 4 & 5), Tamil inscriptions
The right spouse : preferential marriages in Tamil Nadu
The smell of the earth : Rajanarayanan's literary description of Tamil village life
Charred lullabies : chapters in an anthropology of violence
The encounter never ends : a return to the field of Tamil rituals
The cage : the fight for Sri Lanka & the last days of the Tamil Tigers
A passage to Africa
Bicultural versatility as a frontier adaptation among Paliyan foragers of South India
The controversy about the arrival of Buddhism in Tamilakam
The cage : the fight for Sri Lanka and the last days of the Tamil Tigers
Enemy lines : childhood, warfare, and play in Batticaloa
Siting culture : the shifting anthropological object
Pura-Porul, "the objective" : a summarised account of Pura-Porul Venbā Mālai and selections translated from Pura-Nānūru
Poems to Śiva : the hymns of the Tamil saints
Politics and social conflict in South India : the non-Brahman movement and Tamil separation, 1916-1929
Between nation and state : aspects of Tamil refugee-migration from Sri Lanka to Norway
Śaṅgam polity : the administration and social life of the Śaṅgam Tamils
Some mile-stones in the history of Tamil literature or the age of Tirujnana-Sambandha
Symbols of substance : court and state in Nāyaka period Tamilnadu
Learn Tamil in 30 days
The great Lifco dictionary [English-English-Tamil]
Tamil newspaper reader
The will to freedom : an inside view of Tamil resistance
The little Lifco dictionary : (English-English-Tamil)
Patrons, devotees and goddesses : ritual and power among the Tamil fisherman of Sri Lanka
Dynamics of verbal extension in Tamil
Ethnic conflict and reconciliation in Sri Lanka
The smile of Murugan : on Tamil literature of South India
A Tamil-English dictionary
Origin and spread of the Tamils : (a course of two lectures delivered under the Sankara-Parvati Endowment, University of Madras)
This book provides, for the first time, a bilingual edition of forty poems by R Cheran. Written over a period of three decades, the poems cover a range of experiences, including love, war, despair, hope, and diaspora. Cheran is considered one of the finest contemporary poets in Tamil, and his poetry is read widely in North America, Europe, and South Asia. Both modernist and unfailingly lyrical, his work is a remarkable blend of tradition and innovation.
The Tamils eighteen hundred years ago
The evolution of an ethnic identity : the Tamils in Sri Lanka c. 300 BCE to c. 1200 CE
A concordance of the names in the Cō−la inscriptions. Vol. 1-3, 1-2: List of names with related information; 3: Index to the segments of the names
No one cries for the dead : Tamil dirges, rowdy songs, and graveyard petitions
Two Tamil folktales : The story of king Matanakāma, The story of Peacock Rāvana
The Tirunelvēli Tamil dialect
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 2, pt. 1-2, Tamil inscriptions of Rajaraja, Rajendra-Chola, and others in the Rajarajesvara temple at Tanjavur
Fluid signs : being a person the Tamil way
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 13, Chola inscriptions
A Key to Rev. Pope's
Cultural rhythms in emotions, narratives and dance
Sri Lankan Tamil nationalism : its origins and development in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
Dravidian kingdoms and list of Pandiyan coins
Singing of birth and death : texts in performance
Love marriage
Cambridge review of international affairs : volume 21, number 1, March 2008.
A contemporary Tamil prose reader with notes, translation and glossary
First steps in Tamil
Paramārtta Kuruviön katai : The adventures of the Gooroo Paramartan : a tale in the Tamul language
Valmiki Ramayana and south Indian sociology
Textualising the Siri epic
Another harmony : new essays on the folklore of India
Tamil : an auto instructional course
A Companion to the Anthropology of India
The folk-songs of Southern India
Sri Lanka : ethnic fratricide and the dismantling of democracy
Modernity and identity : Asian illustrations
Home life among the Tamils in the Sangam age : (being the thesis submitted by the author for the M. Litt. degree, Madras University)
J. P. Fabricius's Tamil-English dictionary
Of death and birth : Icakkiyamman̲, a Tamil goddess, in ritual and story
A grammar of Tirukkural
Viyanagar rule in Tamil country as revealed through a statistical study of revenue terms in inscriptions. Part 1
An introduction to Tamil script : reading and writing
A basic Tamil reader and grammar. 1, Readings
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 14, Pāndaya inscriptions
The separatist conflict in Sri Lanka : terrorism, ethnicity, political economy
The Cholas and their coinage
Buddhism among Tamils in Tami-lakam and -I-lam. P. 3, Extension and conclusions
Imagining the Other : orientalism and occidentalism in Tamil-European relations in South India
A progressive grammar of the Tamil language
Imagining the other : orientalism and occidentalism in Tamil-European relations in South India
A new account of the history and culture of the Tamils
Buddhism among Tamils in pre-colonial Tami−lakam and −I−lam. Part 2, The period of the Imperial C−o−lar. Tami−lkam and −I−lam
LEARN TAMIL IN 30 DAYS
The Bharata land or "Dravidian India"
On the beginning of Buddhism in Tamilakam
A catalogue of the Tamil books in the library of the British Museum. Vol. 1
The concept of van̲n̲an̲pu "violent love" in Tamil Saivism with special reference to the Periyapurāṇam
The break-up of Sri Lanka : the Sinhalese-Tamil conflict
The language problem of Tamil Nad & its logical solution
Mission and Tamil society : social and religious change in South India (1840-1900)
In my mother's house : civil war in Sri Lanka
Kaṭṭaikkūttu : the flexibility of a south Indian theatre tradition
A Compendious Tamil English dictionary
A handbook of the ordinary dialect of the Tamil language
Viyanagar rule in Tamil country as revealed through a statistical study of revenue terms in inscriptions. Part 2, (Appendix 3), Texts of inscriptions showing the context of the revenue terms
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 2, pt. 5 , Pallaya copper-plate grants from Velurpalayam and Tandantottam : including title page, preface, table of contents, list of plates, addenda and corrigenda, introduction and index of volume 2
Dance, music, art, and religion : based on papers read at the Symposium on Dance, Music, and Art in Religions held at Åbo, Finland, on the 16th-18th August 1994
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 3, pt. 4, [Miscellaneous inscriptions from the Tamil country], pt. 4 : Copper-plate grants from Sinnamanur, Tirukkalar and Tiruchchengodu : including title page, preface, table of contents, list of plates, addenda and corrigenda, introduction and index of volume 3
Capitalism and peasant farming : agrarian structure and ideology in northern Tamil Nadu
A basic Tamil reader and grammar. 2, Annotations
Word, sound, image : the life of the Tamil text
Sri Lanka : national conflict and the Tamil liberation struggle
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 4, Miscellaneous inscriptions from the Tamil, Telugu and Kannada countries and Ceylon
Tamil lexicon. Vol. 1-6, 1: A-AU; 2: K; 3: C-Ti; 4: Ti-Pa; 5: Pa-Mi; 6: Mu-Ks
"A Companion to the Anthropology of India offers a broad overview of the rapidly evolving scholarship on Indian society from the earliest area studies to views of India's globalization in the twenty-first century. Provides readers with an important new introduction to the anthropology of India Explores the larger global issues that have transformed India since the end of colonization, including demographic, economic, social, cultural, political, and religious issues Contributions by leading experts present up-to-date, comprehensive coverage of key topics such as population and life expectancy, civil society, social-moral relationships, caste and communalism, youth and consumerism, the new urban middle class, environment and health, tourism, public and religious cultures, politics and law Represents an authoritative guide for professional social and cultural anthropologists, and South Asian specialists, and an accessible reference work for students engaged in the analysis of India's modern transformation"--
Winslow's English-Tamil dictionary
Murukak Kaṭavuḷ Val̲ipāṭu : a study of the worship of God Murukan̲ in Malaiyakam on Il̲am and Tamil̲akam
A South Indian subcaste : social organization and religion of the Pramalai Kallar
Tamil cinema : the cultural politics of India's other film industry
An old tradition preserved
Tamil culture and civilization : readings: the classical period
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 19, Inscriptions of Parakesarivarman
