http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3702 accessories (devices)
accessories (devices) auxiliary devices
Integration of injection molded audio components
Guitar effects pedals : the practical handbook
Build your own car PC
Windows XP for starters : the missing manual
Classic car bodywork repair manual : the complete illustrated step-by-step guide
Touchscreen / Lambert M. Surhone, Miriam T. Timpledon, Susan F. Marseken (Ed.)
The flow and level : handbook(tm)
Guitar effects : pedals : the practical handbook
Protocol converter for accessories
USB complete : everything you need to develop custom USB peripherals
Architectural photography : composition, capture, and digital image processing
Going towards the new 42V car electric system
Safety aspects of drivers using interactive in-vehicle systems during car following situations
Tuning : el arte de la modificación = the art of modification
Build your own computer
Bigelow's PC hardware desk reference
The stompbox cookbook : Build advanced effects for electric guitar & bass
Downloadable application in basic digital receivers using return channel
Incidence, treatment and outcome of critically ill patients with acute respiratory failure
Intelligent vehicle technologies : theory and applications
Linux toys : 13 cool projects for home, office and entertainment
Research of Noise Cancelling Microphone in Car Environment
Ultimate gear guides : technology and manuals made simple!. Boss pedals : which ones to buy and why
Cubase VST plug-ins : the best software effects for VST Windows and Macintosh
Design process of AirLoop-pedal : experimenting with standard guitar pedals
How computers work
Kustantajan kuvaus: High quality content by WIKIPEDIA articles! A touchscreen is an electronic visual display that can detect the presence and location of a touch within the display area. The term generally refers to touch or contact to the display of the device by a finger or hand. Touchscreens can also sense other passive objects, such as a pen. However, if the object sensed is active, as with a light pen, the term touchscreen is generally not applicable. The ability to interact physically with what is shown on a display (a form of "direct manipulation") typically indicates the presence of a touchscreen.
Mouse Interfacing with USB and PS/2
Do-it-yourself projects for guitarists : 35 useful, inexpensive electronic projects to help unlock your instrument's potential
Hardware bible
iPad music : in the studio and on stage
Safety, comfort and convenience systems
Charging and TDMA noise in mobile terminals
CE retail study in Finland for Nokia Mobile enhancements
Everyday practical electronics
Eddie Paul's extreme chopper building : real techniques for outrageous results
JV/XP : Roland Jv/Xp
Quality improvement in the production line of Nokia telematic unit for automotive industry
