http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3713 library science
library science
Museum librarianship : a guide to the provision and management of information services
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 71, suppl. 34
The librarian's thesaurus : [a concise guide to library and information terms]
Colon classification : basic classification
Library association record
Dictionary of library and information science : English/German, German/English = Wörterbuch Bibliotheks- und Informationswissenschaft : Englisch/Deutsch, Deutsch/Englisch
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 25
Foundations of library and information science
The combined application of bibliographic coupling and the complete link cluster method in bibliometric science mapping
Librarianship - quo vadis? : opportunities and dangers as we face the new millennium
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 19
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 30
Library quarterly
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 27
The knowledge industries : levers of economic and social development in the 1990s : proceedings of an international conference held at the Inter-University Centre for Postgraduate Studies, Dubrovnik, Yogoslavia, 29 May - 3 June 1989
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 29
Library science dissertations, 1973-1981 : an annotated bibliography
Journal of education for library and information science
Applications of social research methods to questions in information and library science
American libraries : bulletin of the American library association
Library & information science research
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 23
International bibliography of bibliographies in library and information science and related fields
Library technology
The government of the American public library
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 26
Tushuguanxue ji zixunkexue cihui = English-Chinese Terminology of Library & Information Science
Information science : still an emerging discipline : dedicated to Allen Kent
An introduction to instructional services in academic libraries
Managing information
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 25 / edited by Frederick C. Lynden
The alienated librarian
What else you can do with a library degree
Librarianship : its philosophy and history
An introduction to library science
The serials collection : organization and administration
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 64, suppl. 27
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 72, suppl. 35
English-Slovak dictionary of library terminology = Anglicko-slovenský slovník knižničnej terminológie
Abstract (1 s.).
The new review of information and library research
Knowledge organization
A companion to digital humanities
Library management
Historical and bibliographical methods in library research : papers presented at the conference [in] March 1970
College and research libraries news
Libraries and librarianship : sixty years of challenge and change, 1945-2005
Librarianship, its philosophy and history
ASIS '96 : proceedings of the 59th ASIS Annual Meeting, Baltmore, Maryland, October 21-24, 1996
Change and challenge in library and information science education
The Zimbabwe librarian
Renewing professional librarianship : a fundamental rethinking
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 26 / edited by Frederick C. Lynden
Current research in library and information science : (Festschrift to professor M. R. Kumbhar)
Historical studies in information science
Information architecture for information professionals
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 22
Library resources and technical services
Handbook of academic writing for librarians
Library surveys
Hidden treasure : the National Library of Medicine
Library history
Encyclopedia of library and information science. 4, Vol. 4: Pub-Zoo
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 24 / edited by Elizabeth A. Chapman, Frederick C. Lynden
Research on librarianship in Singapore : 1955-1985
Introduction to the library and information professions
IFLA Journal
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 68, suppl. 31
ALA glossary of library and information science
Facilitating collaboration : exploring a socio-technical approach to the design of a collaboratory for library and information science
Journal of the American society for information science
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 73
Information technology and libraries
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 16
Historical dictionary of librarianship
Getting libraries the credit they deserve : a festschrift in honor of Marvin H. Scilken
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 28
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 24
Harrod's librarians' glossary of terms used in librarianship, documentation and the book crafts and reference book
Journal of librarianship & information science
Research notes
The librarians' glossary of terms used in librarianship, documentation and the book crafts and reference book
Preparing the information professional : an agenda for the future
International library and information science research : a comparison of national trends
New librarian, new job : practical advice for managing the transition
Zhongguo Tushuguanxuebao : Bulletin of the library science in China
Working in the virtual stacks : the new library and information science
Provenance evidence : thesaurus for use in rare book and special collections cataloguing
Library and information science : a guide to information sources
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 27 / edited by Frederick C. Lynden
Library acquisitions : practice and theory
The reader : the library and the book; selected papers 1949-1970
The library journal
Library quarterly : a journal of investigation and discussion in the field of library science
Journal of the American Society for Information Science : JASIS
Journal of interlibrary loan, document delivery & information supply
Libraries in the Soviet Union
Cheng shi fa zhan yu tu shu guan fu wu : Di er jie guo ji tu shu guan lun tan lun wen ji = City development and library services : proceedings of the Second Shanghai International Library Forum
Public library quarterly
Information science as an interscience : rethinking science, method and practice
The new library legacy : essays in honor of Richard De Gennaro
Information management and library science : a guide to the literature
Libraries and information in the Arab world : an annotated bibliography
A matter of class : John Cotton Dana, progressive reform, and the Newark Museum
Encyclopedia of library and information science. 3, Vol. 3: Lib-Pub
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 21
Information in e-motion : proceedings, BOBCATSSS 2012, 20th International Conference on Information Science, Amsterdam, 23 - 25 January 2012
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 66, suppl. 29
Finding information in science, technology and medicine
Privacy and freedom of information in 21st-century libraries : a library technology report
ARBA guide to library science literature 1970-1983
The information of the image
Glossary of library and information science : English-Chinese/Chinese-English
The social and intellectual development of library and information science
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 67, suppl. 30
Libri : international library review
Introduction to librarianship
Sociological foundations of librarianship
Journal of information science
Międzynarodowa bibliografia bibliografii z zakresu informacji naukowej, bibliotekoznawstwa i dziedzin pokrewnych 1945-1978 = International bibliography of bibliographies in library and information sciences and related fields 1945-1978
Information and library science source book
Advances in librarianship
Survival under adverse conditions : proceedings of the African Library Science Journals Workshop
Libraries and the organization of knowledge
Dismantling the public sphere : situating and sustaining librarianship in the age of the new public philosophy
European curriculum reflections on library and information science education
The international information & library review
Library 2020 : today's leading visionaries describe tomorrow's library
Library science : prospects in 21st century
Libraries and librarianship in Japan
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 20
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 33, Advances in librarianship
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 18
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 70, suppl. 33
The acquisitions librarian
The social transcript : uncovering library philosophy
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 17
The UDC : essays for a new decade
Logos : the professional journal for the book world
Library ethics
NIWA-info : newsletter of the Namibian Information Workers Association
Your career, your life : career management for the information professional
Foundations and issues in library and information science
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 65, suppl. 28
Mu'ǧam mustalahāt 'ilm al-maktabāt wal-ma'lūmāt : inklīzī-'arabī = Dictionary of library science terminology : English-Arabic
Ethics and values in librarianship : a history
Encyclopedia of library and information science. 2, Vol. 2: Des-Lib
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 69, suppl. 32
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 31, Influence of funding on advances in librarianship
Russian bibliographies : bibliographies and books on librarianship printed in Russian characters in the Helsinki university library
Journal of interlibrary loan & information supply
