http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3711 free software
free software
A case study of agile software engineering methods and practices in the MeeGo Harmattan open source and product context
Two bits : the cultural significance of free software
Competitive advantage from leveraging external resources : reuse of open source software components
Practical open source software for libraries
Fulldome content production : a bricoleur's approach
Open source game development : Qt games for KDE, PDAS and Windows
Red Hat : Fedora 4 Linux all in one
The Firebird book : a reference for database developers
The book of GIMP : a complete guide to nearly everything
The success of open source
Proceedings of the 3rd Open Source Geospatial Research & Education Symposium OGRS 2014
Methodologies used in open source approach to developing software in companies in Finland
Multidisciplinary views to open source software business
Open source integrated library systems
Ubuntu unleashed : 2012 edition: covering 11.10 and 12.04
Open-source robotics and process control cookbook : designing and building robust, dependable real-time systems
"Ubuntu is a complete, free operating system that emphasizes community, support, and ease of use without compromising speed, power, or flexibility. It's Linux for human beings—designed for everyone from computer novices to experts. Ubuntu 7.04 (a.k.a., "Feisty Fawn") is the latest release—more powerful, more flexible, and friendlier than ever. The Official Ubuntu Book, Second Edition, will get you up and running quickly. Written by expert leading Ubuntu community members, this book covers all you need to know to make the most of Ubuntu 7.04, whether you're a home user, small business user, server administrator, or programmer. The authors cover Ubuntu 7.04 from start to finish: installation, configuration, desktop productivity, games, management, support, and much more. Among the many new topics covered in this edition: Ubuntu's expanded multimedia functionality and Edubuntu offerings geared for schools and educational settings. The Official Ubuntu Book, Second Edition, covers standard desktop applications, from word processing, spreadsheets, Web browsing, e-mail, instant messaging, music, video, and games to software development, databases, and server applications. In addition, you'll: learn how to customize Ubuntu for home, small business, school, government, and enterprise environments, learn how to quickly update Ubuntu to new release versions with uppgrated applications, find up-to-the-minute troubleshooting advice from Ubuntu users worldwide from forums and other means to get the help you need quickly, learn Ubuntu Server installation and administration, including LVM and RAID implementation, learn how to use Ubuntu One to buy legal music from your favorite artists and how to use cloud storage to back up or share your important files, learn how you can be a part of the community that creates Ubuntu."
Smoke testing bench for freenest service
Ubuntu unleashed 2008 edition
Getting started with Arduino
MongoDB : the definitive guide
GIMP 2.8 for photographers : image editing with open source software
PostgreSQL : up and running
Open sources : voices from the open source revolution
Internet success : a study of open-source software commons
Migrating a ministry to OpenOffice.org
Firefox and Thunderbird garage
The economics of open source software development
Moving to Ubuntu Linux
Emerging free and open source software practices
Realtime Web Analytics
OpenOffice.Org Macros Explained
Hands-on programming with R
The official Ubuntu server book
The official ubuntu book
The Linux Enterprise Cluster : build a highly available cluster with commodity hardware and free software
PHP 5 recipes : a problem-solution approach
Open-source software strategy and business ecosystems
Liferay administrator's guide
Open ERP for Retail and Industrial Management
Exploring user acceptance of free wireless fidelity public hot spots : an empirical study
Construction of Sound Models using Freely Available Data
Building e-commerce solutions with WooCommerce : transform your WordPress website into a fully-featured e-commerce store with the power of WooCommerce
Realtime web analytics
Beginning Python : from novice to professional
The definitive guide to MongoDB : a complete guide to dealing with big data using MongoDB
Open source approaches in spatial data handling
Database programming with OpenOffice.org base & basic
Beginning Openoffice 3 : from novice to professional
Open source web applications for libraries
Building a server with FreeBSD 7 : a modular approach
Open innovation : the central role of initiator and facilitator
Large-scale migration to an open source office suite : an innovation adoption study in Finland
Animating with Blender : how to create short animations from start to finish
This introductory text shows the advantages of using document-oriented databases and demonstrates how MongoDB is a reliable, high-performance system that allows for horizontal scalability. This updated second edition provides guidance for database developers, advanced configuration for system administrators, and an overview of the concepts and use cases for other people on a project.
FreeSWITCH 1.0.6 : build robust high performance telephony systems using FreeSWITCH
Fedora 11 and Red Hat Enterprise Linux bible
Firefox secrets
Open source for the enterprise : managing risks, reaping rewards
Open source and new media artists
PHP 5 : your visual blueprint for creating open source, server-side content
MongoDB in Action : second edition
OfxPiMapper : projection mapping tool for the Raspberry Pi
Linux bible : 2009 edition : boot up to Ubuntu, Fedora, KNOPPIX, Debian, SUSE, and 13 other distributions
PHP with MySQL
Perl 6 now : the core ideas illustrated with Perl 5
An overview of open source software : licensing, software engineering and future concerns
Joomla and module development
Machine learning with R cookbook : explore over 110 recipes to analyze data and build predictive models with the simple and easy-to-use R code
Moodle 1.9 : e-learning course development : a complete guide to successful learning using Moodle 1.9
OpenCart 1.4 beginner's guide : build and manage professional online shopping stores easily using OpenCart
Using and porting GNU CC : [version 2.95]
Tiivistelmä: Smoke testing bench for freenest service.
TOGAF® version 9 : a pocket guide
Business and E-commerce in Drupal
Using WordPress
Usability of websites implemented with open source publishing platform Wordpress : Case company Go:group Oy / Salla Paajanen
Ubuntu 14.04 : LTS Server edition
Open source software and intellectual property rights
Google app inventor for Android
Ubuntu kung fu : tips, tricks, hints, and hacks
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to research and measure usability of websites implemented  with open source publishing platform WordPress implemented by the case  company Go:group. The case company is a full service digital agency that provides  web services and consultation according to their clients' needs. The objective of this  study was to research aspects affecting usability of the websites and to receive valid  information about the usability of websites from the customers of Go:group. The  case company did not have previous data about the topic from their customers.  The theory part of the research consists of usability, websites and measuring usability.  The study is concentrated on the context of using the website, the website itself,  goals for the site and the usability measurements criteria. The theory has been used  as the basis and to derive the criteria for measuring the usability.  Data and feedback on usability of websites implemented with WordPress was gathered  by implementing a semi-structured survey to the case company's clients over  phone. The number of respondents was 22 which enabled drawing valid conclusions  of how the customers of Go:group do perceive the usability of websites implemented  with open source publishing platform WordPress.  The outcome of the research was that in average effectiveness as usability measurements  criterion indicates the most usable results, and memorability gives the least  usable results. In addition to the aspects affecting usability, the customers' interest  towards outsourcing the websites' maintenance was examined as expected by the  case company. Even though the case company has not offered outsourcing service so  far, it turned out that most of the customers were interested in a maintenance contract  provided by Go:group.
Intellectual property : the many faces of the public domain
Library automation : core concepts and practical systems analysis
Free video editing tools
The advent of open source democracy and wikipolitics : challenges, threats and opportunities for democratic discourse
Ubuntu Kung Fu : tips, tricks, hints and hacks
MongoDB in action
Open source software law
Essays on the economics of information and communication technologies : copyleft, networks and compatibility
Architectural issues
WooCommerce cookbook : create, design, and manage your own personalized online store with WooCommerce, the fastest growing e-commerce platform
Tracking what is happening on a website in realtime is invaluable. The objective of this thesis was to start and launch the first version of Snowfinch, an open source realtime web analytics application. The thesis report contains up-to-date fundamentals of web analytics; reasoning behind the most important and difficult technical decisions in the project; product development methodologies; and an overview of the resulting application. Understanding visitors is the key to a site's success. Research shows that the amount of insights provided by clickstream data is small in comparison to the amount of data gathered. Even though there is much more to web analytics than clickstream data, the fact is that it is the only data that can be collected and analyzed exclusively by software, thus the need to optimize its use. With the current use and importance of social media, being able to act quickly is a business differentiator. Visualizing data in realtime is crucial to a fast response. Choosing an appropriate data store plays an important role in the overall performance, responsiveness, and development time of the system. The development work was sponsored by Kisko Labs Oy. Snowfinch will be used both internally and in client projects. During the development period, it has tracked over half a million page views and approximately two hundred thousand visitors. Snowfinch may be used by anyone as it is, or it can act as a solid foundation on which to build customized functionality. Being free and deployable inside a private network offers a competitive advantage over commercial alternatives. The fundamental technologies used are the Ruby programming language, the Ruby on Rails web framework, and the MongoDB document-oriented database. The project was released under the MIT license, a permissive and free software license approved by the OSI (Open Source Initiative).
Exploring the tensions between volunteers and firms in hybrid projects
Software defined radio : the software communications architecture
Ubuntu 14.04 LTS Desktop edition
A guide to Ubuntu Linux covers such topics as installation, hardware components, the BASH shell, multimedia, office tasks, software instllation and removal, and data backup.
Ubuntu : up and running
Intellectual property rights : innovation, governance, and the institutional environment
Practical open source office : LibreOffice and Apache OpenOffice
Learning Python
Succeeding with open source
The definitive guide to MongoDB : the NoSQL database for cloud and desktop computing
Mining creativity research to inform design rationale in open source communities
Open source products as nonproprietary innovations in endogenous growth theory
Opening the office : motivation and emerging patterns of participation in a firm-community "hybrid" free and open source software project
