http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3712 informatics
informatics
Museum librarianship : a guide to the provision and management of information services
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 71, suppl. 34
The librarian's thesaurus : [a concise guide to library and information terms]
Molecular modeling studies of Escherichia coli MurA : towards novel Mur enzyme inhibitors against resistant bacterial strains
Abstract.
Dictionary of library and information science : English/German, German/English = Wörterbuch Bibliotheks- und Informationswissenschaft : Englisch/Deutsch, Deutsch/Englisch
Alexandria : the journal of national & international library and information issues
Foundations of library and information science
Librarianship - quo vadis? : opportunities and dangers as we face the new millennium
Comparison of five popular normalization methods using a spike-in proteomics data set
Information interaction : proceedings of the 45th ASIS annual meeting : Columbus, Ohio, October 17-21, 1982
Handbook of informatics for nurses & healthcare professionals
Prediction of phosphorylation sites from protein sequences
Theory and application of information research : proceedings of the second International research forum on information science, 3-6 August 1977, Royal School of Librarianship, Copenhagen
IFLA publications
Health informatics : an adaptive communication technology for future healthcare
A logic of finite syntactic epistemic states
Use and design of information technology in third world contexts with a focus on the health sector : case studies from Mongolia and South Africa
Author's guide to journals in library & information science
Library & information science research
"This book provides the latest and most relevant research on the understanding, expansion, and solutions on technologies used for improvements in the health and social care field"
Additive Schwarz methods for some elliptic problems
Covert and overt : recollecting and connecting intelligence service and information science
Medical informatics : knowledge management and data mining in biomedicine
Tushuguanxue ji zixunkexue cihui = English-Chinese Terminology of Library & Information Science
Information science : still an emerging discipline : dedicated to Allen Kent
Informetrics through advanced data management : complex object restructuring, data aggregation and transitive computation
Framework design, parallelization and force computation in molecular dynamics
The current growth of Internet and communication technologies has given a new dimension to health care systems. In this book the authors provide examples of recent applications of IT in the health industry, starting from health care. The book chapters provide a clear picture of recent advances in health informatics with a vision of future applications in this domain. This useful book will enable interested readers, researchers, graduate students to familiarize themselves with the new e-health paradigm and in the future to contribute to new advances in this field.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Informatics and administration
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 64, suppl. 27
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 72, suppl. 35
Høringsuttalelser : informatikk - research and teaching in Norway : a critical evaluation
Productivity in the information age : proceedings of the 46th ASIS annual meeting, Washington, D.C., October 2-6, 1983
New results on the domination chain : graph homomorphisms, alliances and self-stabilizing algorithms
Information science in theory and practice
Guidelines for the evaluation of training courses, workshops, and seminars in scientific and technical information and documentation
Structural and mechanistic studies of phosphoserine aminotransferase
Essays of an information scientist. Vol. 1, 1962-1973
The new review of information and library research
As we transition to a service and information-based economy, information specialists are projected onto the leading edge of an emerging science. Service Science and theInformation Professional demonstrates how the power of this new transdisciplinary field can inform and transform the current information professional world. Service Science is about people, technology, information, and organizations. Service Science can be of great benefit to Information Centres everywhere, and Information Service outlets can be a tremendous field of research for this new science. iSchools and Schools of Information Studies can join Computer Science, Engineering and Business Schools in receiving research grants for the development of Service Science. Information professionals need to know this new discipline and be inspired to participate in it. •Describes service science and its increasing relevance as a discipline •Provides relevant information to those pursuing interests in Information science, Information literacy, service science, and information management •illustrates that the transition to a service and information-based economy will require libraries to deal with both information and services •Explains why information professionals need to know more about this emerging field •Shows the value of research, and the importance of participating in this field
Biomedical informatics : computer applications in health care and biomedicine
Information revolution : proceedings of the 38th ASIS annual meeting : Boston, Massachusetts October 26-30, 1975.
Analysis of alpha CA genes in early vertebrates and high-invertebrates
Digital medicine : implications for healthcare leaders
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 58, suppl. 21
Integration of miRNA and mRNA expression with DNA copy number of Ewing sarcoma cell lines
Information science : from the development of the discipline to social interaction
ASIS '96 : proceedings of the 59th ASIS Annual Meeting, Baltmore, Maryland, October 21-24, 1996
Museums and social justice : how museums and galleries can work for their whole communities
From documentation to information science : the beginnings and early development of the American Documentation Institute-American Society for Information Science
Change and challenge in library and information science education
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 60, suppl. 23
In silico metabolic modelling of Saccharomyces cerevisiae for the overproduction of succinate using OptKnock and OptGene
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 62, suppl. 25
Measuring information : an information services perspective
Modeling and production planning for complex multi-item systems
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 59, suppl. 22
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Volume 54, Supplement 17
The information community : an alliance for progress : proceedings of the 44th ASIS annual meeting : Washington, DC, October 25-30, 1981
Global health informatics : how information technology can change our lives in a globalized world
Knowledge, information, and individuals
The new review of information behaviour research : studies of information seeking in context. 2
The new information society code of Finland
Residential area and health:a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Adopting the Vaadin java framework to rebuild VTT's web interfaces and database applications
Power laws in the information production process : Lotkaian informetrics
Implementation of quantitative reaction-based model refinement
De novo transctiptome assembly and annotation of the isopod Idotea balthica
Phylogenetic analysis of avidins and expression of novel avidins from lactrodectus hesperus and hoeflea phototrophica
IFLA Journal
Information science : the interdisciplinary context
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 68, suppl. 31
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Volume 55, Supplement 18
Proteomic characterization of host response to viral infection
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 73
Databases : a primer for retrieving information by computer
Georeferenced data as a tool for monitoring the concentration of population in Finland in 1970-1998
Genomics and bioinformatics approaches in search of molecular pathomechanisms of saccular intracranial aneurysm : a complex disease
Research notes
Measurement in information science
Topics in numerical geometric integration of ordinary differential equations
Development of rapid gene expression analysis and its application to bioprocess monitoring
Informatics and nursing : opportunities and challenges
Preparing the information professional : an agenda for the future
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
Die Fakultät für Informatik : Schlüsseltechnologie der Informationsgesellschaft = The Faculty of Informatics : Key Technology of the Information Society
44th FID Conference and Congress, August 28 - September 1, 1988 : participants' edition. Part 1
Biomedical Informatics: Computer Applications in Health Care and Biomedicine meets the growing demand of practitioners, researchers, educators, and students for a comprehensive introduction to key topics in the field and the underlying scientific issues that sit at the intersection of biomedical science, patient care, public health, and information technology (IT). This 4th edition reflects the remarkable changes in both computing and health care that continue to occur and the exploding interest in the role that IT must play in care coordination and the melding of genomics with innovations in clinical practice and treatment. New chapters have been introduced on the health information infrastructure, consumer health informatics, telemedicine, translational bioinformatics, clinical research informatics, and health IT policy, while the others have all undergone extensive revisions, in many cases with new authors. The organization and philosophy are unchanged, focusing on the science of information and knowledge management and the role of computers and communications in modern biomedical research, health, and health care. Emphasizing the conceptual basis of the field rather than technical details, it provides an introduction and extensive bibliography so that readers can comprehend, assess, and utilize biomedical informatics and health IT. The volume focuses on easy-to-understand examples, a guide to additional literature, chapter summaries, and a comprehensive glossary with concise definitions of recurring terms for self-study or classroom use.
Information and documentation : bibliographic references : electronic documents of parts thereof
Thesaurus of information technology terms
Essays of an information scientist. Vol. 7, 1984 : the Awards of science and other essays
Library and information science : a guide to information sources
ASIS 2000 : proceedings of the 63rd ASIS annual meeting, Chicago, IL, November 12-16, 2000
44th FID Conference and Congress, August 28 - September 1, 1988 : participants' edition. Part 3
[Information science, its scope, objects of research and problems] : study committee "Research on the theoretical basis of information" (Collection of papers) 24-26 April, 1974, Moscow
Unisist guide to standards for information handling
ASIST 2001 : proceedings of the 64th ASIST Annual Meeting, Washington, D.C., November 3-8, 2001
Animal health information : structuring and sharing, global and local : proceedings of the second International Conference of Animal Health Information Specialists, July 1-4, 1997, the Danish Veterinary and Agricultural Library, the Royal Veterinary and Agricultural University, Frederiksberg, Denmark
Probing MST1 kinase sequence and structure for rational drug discovery
From protein structure to function with bioinformatics
Introduction to information science
The importance of persuasive systems design in enhancing consumers’ perceptions and adoption of health behavior change support systems
Essays of an information scientist. Vol. 5, 1981-1982
The new library legacy : essays in honor of Richard De Gennaro
From paper to computer screen : human information processing and user interface design
1984: challenges to an information society : proceedings of the 47th ASIS annual meeting : Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, October 21-25, 1984
Development of a Protein Conservation Analysis Pipeline and Application to Carbonic Anhydrase IV
Information management and library science : a guide to the literature
Essays of an information scientist. Vol. 4, 1979-1980
Genome-wide regulation of glucocorticoid signaling by SUMO modifications
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 66, suppl. 29
Human Ezrin: prediction of the 3D structure and interactions with mTOR
Essays of an information scientist. Vol. 3, 1977-1978
Optimizaation and applications of large-scale biomedical event networks
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 63, suppl. 26
The information of the image
Library and information science research
Qualitative and quantitative methods in libraries : theory and applications : proceedings of the International Conference on QQML2009, Chania, Crete, Greece, 26-29 May 2009
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 67, suppl. 30
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Volume 56, Supplement 19
Annotation of Gyrodactylus salaris transcriptome
Libri : international library review
The new review of information behaviour research : studies of information seeking in context. 1
Journal of information science
Perspectives of system informatics : 4th International Andrei Ershov Memorial Conference, PSI 2001, Akademgorodok, Novosibirsk, Russia, July 2-6, 2001 : revised papers
Communicating information : proceedings of the 43rd ASIS annual meeting : Anaheim, California, October 5-10, 1980
Essays on spatial point processes and bioinformatics
Międzynarodowa bibliografia bibliografii z zakresu informacji naukowej, bibliotekoznawstwa i dziedzin pokrewnych 1945-1978 = International bibliography of bibliographies in library and information sciences and related fields 1945-1978
Towards new enzymes : protein engineering versus bioinformatic studies
On information quality in primary health care registries
Bioinformatic approaches for integration of genomic information
Information technology law
Information systems and technologies for enhancing health and social care
Information sources in environmental protection
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Volume 57, Supplement 20
Information retrieval
European curriculum reflections on library and information science education
The international information & library review
Essays of an information scientist. Vol. 2, 1974-1976
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 61, suppl. 24
Libraries and librarianship in Japan
Essays of an information scientist. Vol. 8, 1985 : Ghostwriting and other essays
Service Science and the Information Professional
Residential area and health : a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Essays of an information scientist. Vol. 6, 1983
Informationsethik
Changes in the distribution of population in Finland over the period 1970-1998 are examined in terms of a co-ordinate system of 1 x 1 km grid cells. The results indicate that this system provides suitable areal units for a variety of statistical and GIS methods aimed at describing and explaining the spatial distribution of population. The system is capable of yielding more detailed information than heretofore on topics such as the concentration of population in the urban centres of Finland - a process that has been going on since the beginning of the last century, but has slowed down noticeably in the recent years.
Borderless Internet governance : improvements to legitimacy
Specification and analysis of real-time and hybrid systems in rewriting logic
Understanding information policy : proceedings of a workshop held at Cumberland Lodge, Windsor Great Park, 22-24 July 1996
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 70, suppl. 33
The Information Society Code as a new act replaced recently eight former acts in Finland in the field of communications. The amount of sections in this one single act is now about 350. The aim of the short paper is to analyze the challenges and benefits of this kind of legal politics..
An introductory course on informatics/documentation
Computing for comparative microbial genomics : bioinformatics for microbiologists
Information politics : proceedings of the ASIS annual meeting : 39th annual meeting, San Francisco, California October 4-9, 1976
Informatikk : research and teaching in Norway : a critical evaluation
Logos : the professional journal for the book world
Library ethics
Artificial intelligence for microcomputers : the guide for decision makers
NIWA-info : newsletter of the Namibian Information Workers Association
Information management in the 1980's : proceedings of the ASIS annual meeting : 40th annual meeting Chicago, Illinois, September 26 - October 1, 1977
Informatics : 10 years back, 10 years ahead
Algorithms and software for biological multiscale image analysis
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 65, suppl. 28
The modern lawyer and his role in the era of the information society and its services
Creating knowledge-based healthcare organizations
Legal informatics today - the view from the University of Lapland
This article touches issues related to the transformation of the traditional legal services in an information society service day. It indicates the reason for these changes and their directions, so that the lawyers functioning yet have a chance to stop for a dynamically changing market by implementing the optimal functioning of their office information technology and solutions in the field of so-called legal informatics..
Computational analysis of small non-coding RNAs in model systems
Perspectives of system informatics : Second International Andrei Ershov Memorial Conference, Akademgorodok, Novosibirsk, Russia, June 25-28, 1996 : proceedings
Informatics in medical imaging
Encyclopedia of library and information science. Vol. 69, suppl. 32
Informatics in the next millennium
Sequence design and correlation
Discourse, cognition, and reality : toward a social constructionist metatheory for library and information science
