http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3718 mites
mites
Tick-borne encephalitis virus infections in Lithuanian domestic animals and ticks
Influence of herbivore plant feeding on development of soil mesofauna
Morphology, evolution, and host associations of bee-associated mites of the family Chaetodactylidae (Acari: Astigmata) with a monographic revision of North American taxa
Arthropod-borne infectious diseases of the dog and cat
Proceedings of the FAO expert consultation on revision of strategies for the control of ticks and tick-borne diseases, (Rome, 25-29 Septemper 1989)
Everything you need to know about Lyme disease and other tick-borne disorders
Fauna of India : Acari : Mesostigmata : family Phytoseiidae
Gadolinium enhancement of cauda equina : a new MR imaging finding in the radiculitic form of tick-borne encephalitis
The flower mites of Trinidad III : the genus Rhinoseius (Acari: Ascidae)
Ugly girls on stage : Riot Grrrl reflected through misrepresentations
Charming Disappointment
Biology of ticks. Volume 1
Soil fauna of Finland : Acarina, Collembola and Enchytraeidae
Advances in ecological research : vol. 19. 19
Summary: The number of Acarina per sq. m varied from approx. 44 700 to 289 800 and that of Collembola from 7800 to 52 000. The lowest densities were found in alpine heath in September...
Atopochthonius artiodactylus Grandjean, 1948 (Acari: Oribatida) found for the first time in Finland
Trombidiidae (Acari: Actinotrichida: Trombidioidea) of Poland
The study was planned to find evidence on potential cultural factors in occurrence and distribution of soil-living mites (Oribatida and Mesostigmata) in Finland. Samples were taken from meadows, gardens and forest edges at (a) isolated cottages and (b) culturally exposed farms in two areas, Sipoo/Mäntsälä and Ilomantsi. Multiple factorial analyses revealed significant differences only between the areas. Number of species was lower in Ilomantsi, where several ”southern” species were absent. The typical forest species were more abundant in the forest habitat. There was no difference between ”Cottages” and ”Farms”..
Joanna Newsom, Will Oldham (a.k.a 'Bonnie Prince Billy'), and Devendra Banhart are perhaps the best known of a generation of independent artists who use elements of folk music in contexts that are far from traditional. These (and other) so called "new folk" artists challenge our notions of 'finished product' through their recordings, intrinsically guided by practices and rhetoric inherited from punk. This book traces a fractured trajectory that includes Harry Smith's Anthology of American Folk Music, Bob Dylan, psych-folk of the sixties (from Vashti Bunyan to The Incredible String Band), and lo-fi and outsider recordings (from Captain Beefheart and The Residents to Jandek and Daniel Johnston) to contextualise the first substantial consideration of new folk. In the process, Encarnacao reviews the literature on folk and punk to argue that tropes of authenticity, though constructions, carry considerable power in the creation and reception of recorded works. New approaches to music require new analytical tools, and through the analysis of some 50 albums, Encarnacao introduces the categories of labyrinth, immersive and montage forms. This book makes a compelling argument for a reconsideration of popular music history that highlights the eternal compulsion for spontaneous, imperfect and performative recorded artefacts.
Epidemiology and control of the poultry red mite, Dermanyssus gallinae
Life tactics and distribution of small mammal ectoparasites (Anoplura, Siphonaptera and Acari) in northernmost Fennoscandia
Oribatei fauna (Acari) on alpine heath at Kevo, Finland
Dead On's
Chad The Quarterback
Johnny's Underground
Ptyctimous mites (Acari: Oribatida) of South Africa
Epidemiology of Bartonella infections in dogs and moose : animals as sentinels for human disease
The sword of righteousness is buried in my backyard
A survey of microorganisms from the spruce beetle in central British Columbia
Ixodes-transmitted diseases : what's new?
On the occurrence of metatetranychus ulmi Koch and Tetranychus urticae Koch (Acarina, Tetranychidae) on forest tree in Finland
The eradication of ticks = La erradicación de las garrapatas : proceedings of the Expert consultation on the eradication of ticks with special reference to Latin America, Mexico City, Mexico, 22-26 June 1987.
A field guide to ticks : prevention and treatment of Lyme disease and other ailments caused by ticks, scorpions, spiders, and mites
World Crop Pests. Vol. 1A, Spider mites : their biology, natural enemies and control
Pest status and incidence of the honey bee tracheal mite in Finland
First report on tick-borne pathogens and exoskeleton anomalies in Ixodes persulcatus Schulze (Acari: Ixodidae) collected in Kokkola coastal region, Finland
This paper is a summary report of a study on the soil fauna of Finland, supported by the Ministry of Environment, in the framework of the Finnish “PUTTE-Project” (Research Programme of Deficiently Known and Threatened Forest Species). The material was collected systematically from 15 different habitat types in eleven sampling areas with geographical coverage of the country...
Studies on Acari. No. 1, The genus Demodex, Owen
Nutritional ecology of insects, mites, spiders, and related invertebrates
Typhlodromips jurmoensis ; (Acari: Mesostigmata: Amblyseiinae), a new species from the archipelago of SW Finland
British society in gothic rock : Siouxsie and the Banshees 1978-79
Erythraeid (Acari, Actinedida, Erythraeidae) fauna of three zoogeographic regions in Poland
M train
Better than sex
Biology of ticks. Volume 2
Snow crash
Cultural factors in the distribution of soil mites in Finland
Demodex gatoi associated contagious pruritic dermatosis in cats : a report from six households in Finland
Mites or the acari
Tick-borne diseases and their vectors : proceedings of an International Conference held in Edinburgh from the 27th September to the 1st October 1976 organized by the Centre for Tropical Veterinary Medicine
Detection of major mite pests of apis mellifera and development of non-chemical control of varroasis
Acarology : mites and human welfare
Changes in edaphic factors and microarthropod communities after clearing and burning in a tropical rain forest in French Guyana
John Hull Grundy's Arthropods of medical importance
Preparation of African swine fever contingency plans
Ecological and transect survey studies on Finnish Camisiids (Acar., Oribatei)
Revision of the family Alycidae (Acariformes, Acari), with special reference to European species
Collembola and Gamasina - bioindicators for soil compaction
Let's Eat Them
Impossible everything
Cryptic Attack
Insects & spiders
Seasonality of Ixodes ricinus and Ixodes trianguliceps tick on the bank vole (Myodes glareolus) and on vegetation in Central Finland
A review of Berlese's species belonging to the Uropodina with illustrations. Part 1, Species and subspecies beginning with letters a and b. (Mesostigmata: Parasitiformes: Acari)
Shouting out the day
Encyclopedia of flora and fauna of Bangladesh. Vol 18. Part 1, Arthropoda: Arachnida
Evaluation of vector potential of Rhipicephalus appendiculatus, Amblyomma hebraeum and Rhipicephalus decoloratus ticks for lumpy skin disease virus
Frosted-24
Pest and vector management in the tropics: with particular reference to insects, ticks, mites and snails
Succession of Gamasina in coal mined areas in Eastern Germany
A litterbag-test for the assessment of side effects of pesticides on soil mesofauna
Oribatida in spruce forests influenced by SO2-immission in the Osterzgebirge Mountains, Germany
Effects of constant and fluctuating temperature conditions on litter decomposition in laboratory microcosms
Comparative aspects of Theileria lestoquardi and Theileria annulata infections of sheep and cattle
Air pollution effects of mites (Acari) in Scots pine forests polluted by a nitrogen fertilizer factory at Wloclawek, Poland
Acariformes : Calyptostomatoidea (Calyptostomatidae), Erythraeoidea (Smarididae, Erythraeidae)
Frankie the Damage
Habitat stratification stratifies a local population: ecomorphological evidence from a bisexual, mobile invertebrate (Carabodes labyrinthicus; Acari)
The parthenogenetic mite Labidostomma luteum (Acarina Actinotrichida: Labidostomnidae) in Finland
History of acarology
A manual of acarology
Lietuvos dirvožemių erkės (Acari) : katalogas = Soil mites of Lithuania (Acari) : catalogue
An introduction to acarology
Amino acid composition of the needles of four Norway spruce provenances, and their effect on the occurrence of Oligonychus ununguis: (Jacobi) (Acarina, Tetranychidae
Cactus-feeding insects and mites
Ball pest & disease manual : disease, insect, and mite control on flower and foliage crops
Inception Icon
On the biology of Nalepella haarlovi Boczek var. piceae-abietis Löyttyniemi (Acarina, Eriophyidae)
Effects of fly-ash contamination on the microarthropod abundances in East-Slovak agroecosystems
British ticks
Sarcoptes scabiei infections of the domestic dog, red fox and pig : clinical and serodiagnostic studies
Summary.
Vector-borne pathogens : international trade and tropical animal diseases
Fat Scarlett
Mites of moths and butterflies
The spider-mite complex (Acarina : Tetranychoidea) in Missouri
The Oribatid genera of the world
Body size, sex ratio and fecundity of soil Cryptostigmata along an altitudinal gradient
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 9, Stone fly - velvet worm
Spiders, scorpions, centipedes and mites : the ecology and natural history of woodlice, 'myriapods' and arachinids
The association of bacteria and some soil mites (Acari: Oribatida and Acaridida)
Oh, Carolina
Effects of pesticides on the reproduction of Hypoaspis aculeifer (Gamasida: Laelapidae) in the laboratory
AT live at Rauhala 8.4.1989
Crack Cookie
Ticks and what you can do about them
Molecular epidemiology of tick-borne encephalitis virus in Ixodes ricinus ticks in Lithuania
Nanorchestes Topsent and Trouessart, 1890 and Eupodes Koch, 1836 (Acari: Prostigmata) from Vestfjella mountain range, Antarctica
Cyberpunk : stories of hardware, software, wetware, evolution, and revolution
Ectoparasites of Finnish bats and factors influencing parasite infestation levels
Siberian subtype tickborne encephalitis virus, Finland
Nitrogen mineralization in soil in microcosms with or without bacterivorous nematodes and nematophagous mites
Punk aesthetics and new folk : way down the old plank road
World crop pests. Vol. 1B, Spider mites : their biology, natural enemies and control
Check-list of the species of ticks (Ixodoidea). Part 2, Genera Amblyomma, Anomalohimalaya, Aponomma, Boophilus, Hyalomma, Margaropus, Palpoboophilus, Rhipicentor and Uroboophilus
Floaded
Dead End Story
Primitive oribatids of the Palaearctic Region
A review of Berlese's species belonging to the Uropodina with illustrations. Part 2, Species and subspecies beginning with letter c. (Mesostigmata: Parasitiformes: Acari)
Flags of Unity
Altered carbon
Two-year cycle spruce beetle (Dendroctonus rufipennis [Kirby]) adults were collected from emergence traps installed on two types of hosts (stumps and windfalls) in two adjacent timber harvesting areas in central British Columbia over a 5-year period to determine the incidence of associated fungi, bacteria, yeasts, nematodes, and mites. There was no difference in either the mean size or the female ratio of spruce beetles between host types or areas. Yeasts and bacteria were the most common associates of the spruce beetle and were isolated from the majority of beetles, regardless of host type. Pesotum sp. A, a blue-stain fungus, was the most common filamentous species and was isolated from 63% of the 221 beetles sampled. This fungus appears to be closely associated with the spruce beetle regardless of host type. At least 25 taxa of other filamentous fungi (OFF) were also isolated from beetles. Most of the OFF were common, wind-dispersed species, prevalent in the environment, e.g., Penicillium and Cladosporium spp., and are likely only incidental associates of the spruce beetle. The OFF were more likely to be isolated from beetles emerging from windfalls than from stumps. This may have been due to higher moisture in windfalls, which promoted the growth of some OFF. The incidence of mites and nematodes associated with the spruce beetle was relatively low; however, only those observed on the exoskeleton were recorded. The association of microorganisms with the spruce beetle did not vary between the two timber harvesting areas sampled in this study. Despite differences in the two types of host material, the spruce beetle is able to maintain a consistent association with yeasts, bacteria, and Pesotum sp. A.
Observations on the interaction between the two-spotted spider mite [Tetranychus urticae Koch] and its host plants, with notes on new taxonomic characteristics of spider mites
Quantitative study of invertebrate groups in the soil and ground layer of the IBP sites at Kevo, northern Finland
Composition of feeding types in oribatid mite communities in forest soils
Mites (Acari: Mesostigmata) inhabiting nests of the white-tailed sea eagle Haliaeetus albicilla (L.) in Poland
Lesser known large dsDNA viruses
Mites (Acari: Prostigmata: Erythraeidae, Trombidiidae) new to the fauna of Norway, Finland, Russia, Latvia and Lithuania, with a description of Podothrombium roari n. sp
Dead City Hooligans
Effects of abiotic conditions and microarthropod predation on the structure and function of soil animal communities
Recent developments in the research and control of Theileria annulata : proceedings of a workshop held at Ilrad, Nairobi, Kenya, 17-19, September 1990
Dead Mongoloids
Catalogue of the Oribatida (Acari) of Finland
Zagadnienia akarologii = Problemy akarologii = Problems of acarology
Studies in epidemiology of bovine tick-borne fever in Finland and a clinical description of field cases
The arthropod community of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) canopies in Norway
Orius albidipennis (Heteroptera: Anthocoridae) : intraguild predation of and prey preference for Neoseiulus cucumeris (Acari: Phytoseiidae) on different host plants
Structure and composition of oribatid communities in bogs
Rickettsioses and hepatozoonoses
New records of mites (Acari: Prostigmata: Erythraeidae, Trombidiidae, Microtrombidiidae, Calyptostomatidae) from Slovenia, with a description of Campylothrombium nadbori spec. nov
Macro-mesofaunal interactions in a deciduous forest litter: field experiment on Diptera and oribatid mites
