http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p371 film culture
film culture
Twenty years of the Polish people's republic
The studio system
Transnational cinema in a global north : Nordic cinema in transition
American science fiction film and television
Short films : dispersive effects of clip thinking
America first : naming the nation in US film
The tenth muse : writing about cinema in the modernist period
The ministry of illusion : Nazi cinema and its afterlife
Swedish film : an introduction and reader
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
Cinephilia in the age of digital reproduction : film, pleasure and digital culture. Vol. 1
Reframing Japanese cinema : authorship, genre, history
Shadow economies of cinema : mapping informal film distribution
Korean film : history, resistance, and democratic imagination
Film and cinema spectatorship : melodrama and mimesis
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
From perverts to fab five : the media's changing depiction of gay people and lesbians
Life, love, beauty
The Russian cinema reader. Vol. 1, 1908 to the Stalin era
Land of a thousand balconies : discoveries & confessions of a B-movie archeologist
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Chinese martial arts cinema : the Wuxia tradition
The Imperial screen : Japanese film culture in the Fifteen years' war, 1931-1945
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
Cinema in democratizing Germany : reconstructing national identity after Hitler
World affairs in foreign films : getting the global picture
The Russian cinema reader. Vol. 2, The thaw to the present
The European cinema reader
Red velvet seat : women's writings on the first fifty years of cinema
Moving images, culture and the mind
The digital film event
The film cultures reader
Cavell on film
World cinemas, transnational perspectives
Star wars : 1,000 collectibles : memorabilia and stories from a galaxy far, far away
Film England : culturally English filmmaking since the 1990s
Places of the imagination : media, tourism, culture
International film cooperation inside the Baltic Sea Region and with Japan
A bibliography of ethnographic films
Inventing film studies
Jacking in to the Matrix franchise : cultural reception and interpretation
"Keegan Allen is the international breakout star of ABC Family's hit television series, Pretty Little Liars. A gifted photographer and writer--and a dazzling film, television, and stage actor now counting millions of fans across the globe--Keegan Allen brings tremendous talent and energy to his first publishing project. Keegan tells a unique story with his photographs. On one hand, the book is a beautifully candid view into the glamour and timelessness of Hollywood, a mysterious yet wildly alluring place. On the other hand, it is a blissfully unassuming portrait of ordinary life- the unknown young woman gazing dreamily from the balcony of her hotel room, or the old woman who walks the same street every morning in her pink bathrobe, just to stop and talk to a passerby. Through his own stunning photography and captivating prose and poetry, life.love.beauty chronicles the author's life growing up just off the Sunset Strip, coming into his own as a young aspiring actor, looking for love and understanding, negotiating the seductions and disappointments of Hollywood, landing a plum role in a hit television series, encountering and embracing his fans, traveling the globe to promote his work, and striving to stay connected to his closest friends and loved ones" -- Provided by publisher.
Partisans in Yugoslavia : literature, film and visual culture
French cinema : from its beginnings to the present
Images of postmodern society : social theory and contemporary cinema
Millennial monsters : Japanese toys and the global imagination
Cinema and landscape
New Turkish cinema : belonging, identity and memory
Screen traffic : movies, multiplexes, and global culture
Cinematic cold war : the American and Soviet struggle for hearts and minds
Theorizing world cinema
Hollywood behind the Wall : the cinema of East Germany
Genre and contemporary Hollywood
Windows on the sixties : exploring key texts of media and culture
A world in chaos : social crisis and the rise of postmodern cinema
The American drive-in movie theatre
Film manifestos and global cinema cultures : a critical anthology / [edited by] Scott MacKenzie
New developments in film theory
Word and image : history of the Hungarian cinema
Rockerama : 25 years of teen screen idols
The everything vampire book : from Vlad the impaler to the vampire Lestat - a history of vampires in literature, film and legend
Film, form, and culture
African Carmen : transnational cinema as an arena for cultural contradictions
The impact of American culture : proceedings of an international seminar in Turku, April 17-18, 1982
German cinema - terror and trauma : cultural memory since 1945
The Genesis of Gaja Gamini : a film by M.F. Husain
Rethinking Third Cinema
A comprehensive history of how the conflicts and balances of power in the Maoist revolutionary campaigns from 1951 to 1979 complicated and diversified the meanings of films, this book offers a discursive study of the development of early PRC cinema. Wang closely investigates how film artists, Communist Party authorities, cultural bureaucrats, critics, and audiences negotiated, competed, and struggled with each other for the power to decide how to use films and how their extensively different, agonistic, and antagonistic power strategies created an ever-changing discursive network of meaning in cinema.
Shooting the Civil War : cinema, history and American national identity
The McGraw-Hill film viewer's guide
"Volume of essays examining the transition from national Nordic cinemas to transnational and global Nordic cinema. Contributors analyze three crucial sites in contemporary Scandinavian cinema: economic change, trends and changes in production cycles, and the most important films of the decade, defined in popular and aesthetic terms"--Provided by publisher.
Kamome Diner : cultural translation and the dialectics of otherness
Fetishism and curiosity
The DVD revolution : movies, culture, and technology
Hollywood's last golden age : politics, society, and the seventies film in America
The female complaint : the unfinished business of sentimentality in American culture
Fields of vision : essays in film studies, visual anthropology, and photography
Construction of identity in British and Indian cinema : a postcolonial approach
Art or industry? : battles over Finnish cinema during 1990s
North of everything : English-Canadian cinema since 1980
Film festivals : from European geopolitics to global cinephilia
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
Perverse spectators : the practices of film reception
Global art cinema : new theories and histories
To the distant observer : form and meaning in the Japanese cinema
By bringing queer theory to bear on ideas of diaspora, Gayatri Gopinath produces both a more compelling queer theory and a more nuanced understanding of diaspora. Focusing on queer female diasporic subjectivity, Gopinath develops a theory of diaspora apart from the logic of blood, authenticity, and patrilineal descent that she argues invariably forms the core of conventional formulations. She examines South Asian diasporic literature, film, and music in order to suggest alternative ways of conceptualizing community and collectivity across disparate geographic locations. Her agile readings challenge nationalist ideologies by bringing to light that which has been rendered illegible or impossible within diaspora: the impure, inauthentic, and nonreproductive. Gopinath juxtaposes diverse texts to indicate the range of oppositional practices, subjectivities, and visions of collectivity that fall outside not only mainstream narratives of diaspora, colonialism, and nationalism but also most projects of liberal feminism and gay and lesbian politics and theory. She considers British Asian music of the 1990s alongside alternative media and cultural practices. Among the fictional works she discusses are V. S. Naipaul's classic novel A House for Mr. Biswas, Ismat Chughtai's short story “The Quilt,” Monica Ali's Brick Lane, Shyam Selvadurai's Funny Boy, and Shani Mootoo's Cereus Blooms at Night. Analyzing films including Deepa Mehta's controversial Fire and Mira Nair's Monsoon Wedding, she pays particular attention to how South Asian diasporic feminist filmmakers have reworked Bollywood's strategies of queer representation and to what is lost or gained in this process of translation. Gopinath's readings are dazzling, and her theoretical framework transformative and far-reaching.
Cinema and cultural modernity
What cinema is?
The Bulgarian Roma in Helsinki : the diverse sub-groups amongst Bulgarian Roma and their reasons for being in Helsinki : a documentary film
France on film : reflections on popular French cinema
The cinema of Hong Kong : history, arts, identity
The cinema alone : essays on the work of Jean-Luc Godard 1985-2000 / edited by Michael Temple, James S. Williams
Food for thought : consumer culture ideology in Regular Show
Towards a theory of political art : cultural politics of 'Black Wave' film in Yugoslavia, 1963-1972
Gods & monsters : a queer film classic
Film genre : from iconography to ideology
The Chinese cinema book
Impossible desires : queer diasporas and South Asian public cultures
Indian cinema : a very short introduction
Indigenous film as a tool for developing and maintaining indigenous culture and identity : how do indigenous films and indigenous film festivals as non-governmental organisations develop and maintain indigenous culture and identity?
Sixties British cinema
Travels of Bollywood cinema : from Bombay to LA
Life moves pretty fast : the lessons we learned from 80s movies (and why we don't learn them from movies anymore)
Film : a critical introduction
Watching films : new perspectives on movie-going, exhibition and reception
Cinema and nation
Spanish national cinema
Keyframes: popular cinema and cultural studies
Cultures in conflict
Focus on African films
Destroy all movies!!! : the complete guide to punks on film
Research guide to Japanese film studies
"The Female Complaint" is part of Lauren Berlant's groundbreaking 'national sentimentality' project charting the emergence of the U.S. political sphere as an affective space of attachment and identification. In this book, Berlant chronicles the origins and conventions of the first mass-cultural 'intimate public' in the United States, a 'women's culture' distinguished by a view that women inevitably have something in common and are in need of a conversation that feels intimate and revelatory. As Berlant explains, 'women's' books, films, and television shows enact a fantasy that a woman's life is not just her own, but an experience understood by other women, no matter how dissimilar they are. The commodified genres of intimacy, such as 'chick lit, ' circulate among strangers, enabling insider self-help talk to flourish in an intimate public.Sentimentality and complaint are central to this commercial convention of critique; their relation to the political realm is ambivalent, as politics seems both to threaten sentimental values and to provide certain opportunities for their extension. Pairing literary criticism and historical analysis, Berlant explores the territory of this intimate public sphere through close readings of U.S. women's literary works and their stage and film adaptations. Her interpretation of Uncle Tom's "Cabin" and its literary descendants reaches from Harriet Beecher Stowe to Toni Morrison's "Beloved", touching on Shirley Temple, James Baldwin, and "The Bridges of Madison County" along the way.Berlant illuminates different permutations of the women's intimate public through her readings of Edna Ferber's Show Boat; Fannie Hurst's "Imitation of Life"; Olive Higgins Prouty's feminist melodrama "Now, Voyager"; Dorothy Parker's poetry, prose, and Academy Award-winning screenplay for "A Star Is Born"; the Fay Weldon novel and Roseanne Barr film "The Life and Loves of a She-Devil"; and the queer, avant-garde film "Showboat" 1988 - "The Remake". The Female Complaint is a major contribution from a leading Americanist.
The state of European cinema : a new dose of reality
Cahiers du cinéma. 4, 1973-1978 : history, ideology, cultural struggle : an anthology from Cahiers du cinéma, nos 248-292, September 1973-September 1978
The new Chinese documentary film movement : for the public record
Introduction to film studies
Greek whisky : the localization of a global commodity
Empire : the world's best movie magazine
European film and media culture
Film art : an introduction
The standard analytical category of "national cinema" has increasingly been called into question by the category of the "transnational." This anthology examines the premises and consequences of the coexistence of these two categories and the parameters of historiographical approaches that cross the borders of nation-states. The three sections of World Cinemas, Transnational Perspectives cover the geopolitical imaginary, transnational cinematic institutions, and the uneven flow of words and images.
Picturing Japaneseness : monumental style, national identity, Japanese film
Double shooting : fictions of making westerns
Withnail and us : cult films and film cults in British cinema
Revolutionary cycles in Chinese cinema, 1951-1979
