http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3727 adoption
adoption
Pathways to maturity : insights from a thirty-year study of deprived children
Message from an unknown Chinese mother : stories of loss and love
The girls who went away : the hidden history of women who surrended children for adoption in the decades before Roe v. Wade
Oranges and sunshine
Kisses from Katie : a story of relentless love and redemption
Finnish adoption board : annual report 2001.
Toddler adoption : the weaver's craft
Promoting Successful Adoptions focuses on adoptive families after the legal finalisation of the adoption has taken place. It is illustrated throughout with case examples, detailed case histories and presentations of various practice strategies.
Mind of winter
Thought disorder as a predictive sign of mental disorder:a study of high-risk and low-risk adoptees in the Finnish Adoptive Family Study of Schizophrenia
Research in social problems and public policy : a research annual. 1979, Vol. 1
What to expect when you're adopting ...  : a practical guide to the decisions and emotions involved in adoption
Critical Experiences During the Implementation of a Self-tracking Technology
In their own voices : transracial adoptees tell their stories
The door from nowhere
A stranger in the family
The broken cord
The open adoption experience : a complete guide for adoptive and birth families : from making the decision through the child's growing years
The red house
Then Came You
The adoption experience : families who give children a second chance
The Ballroom Café
Adoption and foster placement of children : report of an Expert Group Meeting on Adoption and Foster Placement of Children, Geneva, 11-15 December 1978.
A proper family Christmas
A long way home
More adoption conversations : what when and how to tell
Adoption ... and after
Use of information and communication technologies in higher education in Kenya
Pretending to dance
Far away from the tigers : a year in the classroom with internationally adopted children
Adoption in the Roman World
Adopting of fostering a sexually abused child
On Christmas morning, in the unforgiving harshness of a convent in Galway, Kitty Doherty gives birth to a baby, who is immediately taken away for adoption in America. But Kitty's life is hanging by a thread, her only hope a dangerous journey through the ice and snow to Ballymara and her Irish family.
International adoptions and the conflict of laws
Hope in a ballet shoe
The trouble with Alex : a child too damaged to love
Intercountry adoption : developments, trends and perspectives
For lesbian parents : Your guide to helping your family grow up happy, healthy, and proud
When friendship followed me home : a novel
Vulnerability signs of mental disorders in adoptees with genetic liability to schizophrenia and their controls measured with Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory
The mistress's daughter
"Strong Finnish identity is the only thing I can raise" : adoptive parents' attitude towards their child's pre-adoption past
More adoption conversations : what, when and how to tell
Somebody's children : the politics of transracial and transnational adoption
The adventures of Stuart Little
The adopted child : family life with double parenthood
The lost soul
The storied life of A.J. Fikry
A Generation Removed : The Fostering and Adoption of Indigenous Children in the Postwar World
The memory keeper's daughter
The boy from baby house 10 : how one child escaped the nightmare of a Russian orphanage
Never knowing
A safe place for Rufus
Finding Zoe : a deaf woman's story of identity, love, and adoption
Successful adoptive families : a longitudinal study of special needs adoption
A perfect match
'Handbook of Adoption' addresses topics in adoption that reflect the many dimensions of theory, research, development, race adjustment and clinical practice which can affect adoption triad members.
Deaf world : a historical reader and primary sourcebook
Motherbridge of love
Red dust road
The wrong girl
Ballet shoes : a story of three children on the stage
The stability of severe thought disorders and mature thinking
Handbook of adoption
Innocent Blood
The importance of persuasive systems design in enhancing consumers’ perceptions and adoption of health behavior change support systems
The finnish board of inter-country adoption affairs : annual report 2005.
Deceptions
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
Adoption conversations : what, when and how to tell
"Four-month old Zoe was gradually losing her hearing. Her adoptive parents loved her-yet agonized- feeling they couldn't handle raising a deaf child. Would Zoe go back into the welfare system and spend her childhood hoping to find parents willing to adopt her? Or would Zoe be the long-sought answer to a mother's prayers? Brandi Rarus was just 6 when spinal meningitis took away her hearing. Because she spoke well and easily adjusted to lip reading, she was mainstreamed at school and socialized primarily in the hearing community. Brandi was a popular and happy teen, but communication-and being fully part of every conversation-was an ongoing struggle. In college, Brandi embraced Deaf Culture along with the joys of complete and effortless communication with her peers. For the first time, being deaf wasn't a handicap; it was a passport to a new and exciting world. Brandi went on to become Miss Deaf America in 1988 and served as a spokesperson for her community. It was during her tenure as Miss Deaf America that Brandi met Tim, a leader of the Gallaudet uprising in support of selecting the school's first deaf president. The two went on to marry and had three hearing boys-the first non-deaf children born in Tim's family in 125 years. Brandi was incredibly grateful to have her happy and healthy family, but she couldn't shake the feeling that something was missing from her life. She had always dreamed she would have a daughter. Little did she know that just across the state line, Zoe was waiting for her. Set against the backdrop of Deaf America, Finding Zoe is an uplifting story of hope, adoption, and everyday miracles. "--
The right thing
The Library at Mount Char
Then came you
Cass and Max-Ernest discover the Museum of Magic, unscramble more coded messages, and solve new mysteries in their attempt to thwart the Terces Society's ambitions of discovering immortality / Library off Congress.
The psychology of adoption
'Race', ethnicity and adoption
Days in the history of silence
Keeping secrets
Deceptions : a Cainsville novel
And then you arrived and we became a family..
Thirteen moons : a novel
The Waiting city
My parents picked me! : a first look at adoption
"In everyone's best intrest?" : kinship discourses surrounding adoption in Finland
After a comprehensive history of racial mixing in the US, this book moves on to address the special needs and strengths of multiracial families, and to explore the challenges these families face.
Black by design : a 2-tone memoir
The seven sisters : Maia's story
Shared fate : a theory of adoption and mental health
The Finnish Board of Inter-Country Adoption Affairs : annual report 2005.
Lesbian and gay fostering and adoption : extraordinary yet ordinary
Transnational adoption in China and flexible citizenship : China's one-child policy, transnational adoption and the rise of flexible kinship systems
Surrogate motherhood
And the mountains echoed
Counseling multiracial families
Analyzing the Influence of Diffusion of Innovation Attributes on Lecturers’ Attitude Towards Information and Communication Technologies
The teahouse fire : [a novel]
Handbook of adoption : implications for researchers, practitioners, and families
Association between communication deviance of adoptive parents and formal thought disorder of adoptee when the length of parents' speech is standardized in different ways
The unofficial guide to adoptive parenting : the small stuff, the big stuff and the stuff in between
The girl who just appeared
Our Twitchy
Enhancing adoptive parenting  : a test of effectiveness
What to expect when you're adopting ... : a practical guide to the decisions and emotions involved in adoption
Summary.
That girl from nowhere
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
Lesbian step families : an ethnography of love
Dani's story : a journey from neglect to love
Promoting successful adoptions : practice with troubled families
Adoption
These things hidden
Efforts to stimulate adoption of technologies among farmers have been the main drive towards agricultural development. Recent findings have implicated research and extension systems as being too removed from the farmers' world. Several approaches have been designed on how and to what extent farmers should be included in technology development and packaging, if a change is expected from the current agricultural practices. The project, Promoting Sustainable Agriculture in Borno State (PROSAB), focused on ensuring that all requirements to facilitate adoption of specific technologies are available to the farmers, whose crop interests have been identified ab initio. A participatory approach involving farmers, governmental organizations, NGOs like input dealers, credit providers, processing companies and researchers, were employed in the project. Crops included were maize, sorghum, rice, cowpea, groundnut and soyabean while technologies focused ranged from planting procedures and crop management to processing and utilization. The farmers displayed a pattern of adoption, which indicated that the limiting factor for adoption had to do with farming capacity. Maize, the most popular of the crops, had the highest mean of number of technologies adopted while sorghum was the least. There was a consistency in adoption behaviour, which transcended type of crop, thus adoption of different crop technologies was positively correlated. Using maize as test crop effectively divided respondents into two classes, low and high technology adopters. There were significant differences in adoption of other crop technologies among low and high maize technology adopters. Adoption of technologies by farmers generally followed a pattern indicating significance of socio-economic status as determined by crop types and other farm characteristics.
Explaining the Adoption and Habits of Playing Exergames: The Role of Physical Activity Background and Digital Gaming Frequency
A sea of stars
Adoption and Adoption Interests of Self-Tracking Technologies : Single and Multiple Technology Perspectives
Adoption in Finland, Germany and France = Kansainvälinen adoptio Suomessa
Digging to America
Running scared
The foundling
The double silence
Can I let you go? : a heartbreaking true story of love, loss and moving on
Adoption now : messages from research
Mental health services for vulnerable children and young people : supporting children who are, or have been, in foster care
Children's adjustment to adoption : developmental and clinical issues
Adopting after infertility : messages from practice, research and personal experience
How they fared in adoption : A follow-up study
Parental Communication Deviance as a risk factor for thought disorders and schizophrenia spectrum disorders in offspring:The Finnish Adoptive Family Study
Will you love me? : the story of my adopted daughter Lucy
Proceedings
Transracial and inracial adoptees : the adolescent years
Child welfare services : a sourcebook
The authors provide an overview of historical and contemporary considerations of adoption, explore various theories linking psychological risk with adoption and discuss empirical research on factors that influence the adjustment process.
Freeing Grace
Adoption in other cultures and other times provides a background to understanding the operation of adoption in the Roman worlds. This book considers the relationship of adoption to kinship structures in the Greek and Roman world. It considers the procedures for adoption followed by a separate analysis of testamentary cases, and the impact of adoption on nomenclature. The impact of adoption on inheritance arrangements is considered, including an account of how the families of freedmen were affected. Its use as a mode of succession at Rome is detailed, and this helps to understand the anxiety of childless Romans to procure a son through adoption, rather than simply to nominate heirs in their wills. The strategy also had political uses, and importantly it was used to rearrange natural succession in the imperial family. The book concludes with political adoptions, looking at the detailed case studies of Clodius and Octavian.
Understanding brand loyalty and disloyalty formation among consumers’ of short life-cycle products
Adoption by lesbians and gay men : a new dimension in family diversity
On June 25, 2013, the U.S. Supreme Court heard the case Adoptive Couple vs. Baby Girl, which pitted adoptive parents Matt and Melanie Capobianco against baby Veronica's biological father, Dusten Brown, a citizen of the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma. Veronica's biological mother had relinquished her for adoption to the Capobiancos without Brown's consent. Although Brown regained custody of his daughter using the Indian Child Welfare Act (ICWA) of 1978, the Supreme Court ruled in favor of the Capobiancos, rejecting the purpose of the ICWA and ignoring the long history of removing Indigenous children from their families.  In A Generation Removed, a powerful blend of history and family stories, award-winning historian Margaret D. Jacobs examines how government authorities in the post-World War II era removed thousands of American Indian children from their families and placed them in non-Indian foster or adoptive families. By the late 1960s an estimated 25 to 35 percent of Indian children had been separated from their families.  Jacobs also reveals the global dimensions of the phenomenon: These practices undermined Indigenous families and their communities in Canada and Australia as well. Jacobs recounts both the trauma and resilience of Indigenous families as they struggled to reclaim the care of their children, leading to the ICWA in the United States and to national investigations, landmark apologies, and redress in Australia and Canada..
Adoptions
The nanny goat's kid
Then she found me
Blood brothers
Precious : a true story
The Ballymara Road
Adoption and foster placement of children : report of an Expert Group Meeting on Adoption and Foster Placement of Children, Geneva, 11-15 December 1978
The adoption
Attaching in adoption : practical tools for today's perents
If you're reading this, it's too late
Cross-national differences in adoption of new ideologies and practices in family life
Three weeks to say goodbye
Greenglass House
Adoption act ; Adoption decree ; Decree on the Finnish Council of Inter-country Adoption Affairs : translations of Finnish legislation
Consistency of technology adoption among farmers in Northern Nigeria
The storm sister : Ally's story
Finnish adoption board : annual report 1999.
Why be happy when you could be normal?
Intercountry adoption : need of post-adoption services in Finland
An Impossible Decision is the true story of Faye, a wonderful young woman who may never be able to parent her unborn child.
