http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3721 joining (coupling)
joining (coupling)
Adhesion science and engineering. 1, The mechanics of adhesion
Manufacturing techniques for surface mounted assemblies
Electrical and thermal applications of carbon nanotube films
Stitches and seams
Principles of soldering
Adhesive bonding : materials, applications and technology
ASM handbook. Volume 6, Welding, brazing, and soldering
Brazing : for the engineering technologists
Abstract. The goals are to study fast chip assembly methods and techniques especially in roll-to-roll technology and then make a suggestion for state-of-the-art equipment for testing of different assembly techniques in a laboratory environment. The work was done by studying the basics of fast bonding techniques and equipment from technical reports. Chip assembly equipment of VTT Oulu was examined in order to realize the characteristics it lacked considering fast chip assembling. The suitable equipment available on the market was evaluated regarding to the requirements of fast chip assembling. Requirements and techniques for fast chip assembling were examined and a few recommendations for equipment were made after the evaluation process. The further research work for equipment shall be emphasized since the purchasing of some piece of equipment would require visits to vendors and testing of the equipment to know which solution would suit best for fast chip assembling. I would like to thank the personnel of VTT Oulu for professional assistance in this thesis work and especially Mr. Tuomo Jaakola, Mr. Markku Lahti and Mr. Jaakko Lenkkeri. I would also want to thank Mr. Kauko Kallio and Mrs. Sinikka Luukkonen of Oulu University of Applied Sciences for the general guidance of the work and the guidance in the English language.
New exploratory technologies 2006 : University of Turku, Salo 5-6 October, 2006
Testing adhesive joints : best practices
Process selection : from design to manufacture
Adhesive joining for crashworthiness : material data and explicit FE-methods
The mechanics of solder alloy interconnects
Kiinnittimet. Osa 2, Ruuvit = Fasteners. Part 2, Bolts and screws
Modern welding technology
Manufacturing processes for design professionals
Study on system design and key technologies of case closure welding for ITER correction coil
Applied adhesive bonding : a practical guide for flawless results
Rigid rod polymer fillers in acrylic denture and dental adhesive resin systems
Soldering, brazing & welding / A manual of techniques
Basic electronics : theory and practice
EMU explained : markets and monetary union
Materials for engineers and technicians
One of the problems when welding small plastic parts is to combine a strong welding seam with low costs. Product designs have become more and more varied and difficult to produce. Strong welding seam is a safety issue, so when the products are more complicated in shape, it is more challenging to produce safe products. However, technical problems and safety limits are always there and designers try to come up with workarounds for them and design modern and good looking products for customers. The primary aim of this thesis project was to compare two different welding joint designs for mass production. The material used for the samples was polycarbonate. Another purpose of the thesis was to compare the standard pneumatic ultrasonic welding to the servo-driven ultrasonic welding as well as to find out the benefits of the new technology in production. In this thesis, the main parameters and functions of ultrasonic welding machine are introduced. The thesis also presents the material selection and welding joint designs. For the purposes of this project, several samples were welded with both machines. Furthermore, rip-off tests for a part of samples were performed before the ageing treatment in order to define the reference rip-off force and to later indicate the rip-off force loss. All results were analyzed by using statistical software. The results of the experiments indicated that the shear joint is a stronger joint design than the energy director joint for welding small plastic parts. They also showed that the servo-driven welding machine can be more accurate and precise than the standard pneumatic welding machine. The results are significant as regards product design and quality.
Interface structure and fracture energy of Al[sub2]O[sub3]-Ti joints
Sheet steel joining handbook : joining of high strength steels
Adhesion science and engineering. 2, Surfaces, chemistry, and applications / edited by M. Chaudhury, A.V. Pocius
Utilizing SPC in SMD area
Soldering in electronics : a comprehensive treatise on soldering technology for surface mounting and through-hole techniques
Silver soldering simplified : a new jewelry technique you can do at home
New exploratory technologies : Turun ammattikorkeakoulu, Salo, Turku polytechnic, Salo, 25-26 October, 2004
Fundamentals of machine component design
Perception as an integral part of the design process
Intelligent methods in the electronics industry : quality analysis of automated soldering
Kiinnittimet = Fasteners. Osa 2, Ruuvit = Bolts and screws
The complete illustrated guide to joinery
A novel method for hazard rate estimates of the second level interconnections in infrastructure electronics
Welded design : theory and practice
Soldering, brazing & weldering : a manual of techniques
Soldering study of vapor phase process
Design of structural connections to Eurocode
Adhesively bonded joints between FRP sandwich and metal : different concepts and their strength behaviour
Pc interfacing, communications and Windows programming
Handbook of plastics, elastomers and composites
Formation of the intermetallic compounds between liquid Sn and different Cu-Ni metalization
Design and implementation of questions and answers (QnA) system : connecting the students closer
Reflow process under nitrogen atmosphere
Hybrid microassembly with surface tension driven self-alignment : handling strategies and micro-fabricated patterns
A textbook of manufacturing technology (manufacturing processes) : for B.E., B.Tech., A.M.I.E.-section B, diploma, and competitive examinations
Prototype Equipment for Fast Assembling of Chip Components
A guide to lead-free solders : physical metallurgy and reliability
Reliability of SnAgCu solder joints under thermo-mechanical stresses
Welding handbook : a guide to better welding of Hardox and Weldox
Electron beam welding of dissimilar metals
Joining : understanding the basics
Metalsmithing made easy
Constitutive equations for solder metals
Joining of plastics : handbook for designers and engineers
New exploratory technologies 2005 : Turun ammattikorkeakoulu, Salo, Turku Polytechnic, Salo, 3-4 October, 2005
Handbook of adhesive technology
Fundamentals of manufacturing engineering
Handbook of manufacturing processes : how products, components and materials are made
Laser processing of engineering materials : principles, procedure and industrial application
Design handbook : structural design and manufacturing in high-strength steel
Reliability optimization of solder joint components and systems using FEA
Industrial design : materials and manufacturing guide
Dictionary of selected collocations
Ultrasonic welding for plastics : comparison between shear and energy director joints produced with pneumatic vs. servo-driven ultrasonic welding machine
Holding it all together : ancient and modern approaches to joining, repair and consolidation
Kiinnittimet = Fasteners. Osa 2 = Part 2, Ruuvit = Bolts and screws
Fabrication and welding engineering
Learn to solder : tools and techniques for assemblling elecronics
Integral mechanical attachment : a resurgence of the oldest method of joining
