http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3734 coaching
coaching
Coaching educational leadership : building leadership capacity through partnerships
Coaching youth hockey
TPS junior hockey coach manual
How to play rugby my way
Keeper : mastering the art of goalkeeping. 3.
Helpful hints for hockey coaches
The New Supervisor : Lead with Confidence
101 youth football coaching sessions
Coaching as a tool for performance management : a case study at Company X
Soccer : steps to success
Students of coaching and coaches need the proper resources in order to enhance their practice. This handbook is an interdisciplinary collection of coaching theory and practice by over twenty practitioners from across five countries. It provides overview of all the theoretical constructs that are used in current coaching practices, and spans theories ranging from adult psychology to self-help. With summaries of theoretical traditions related to coaching and concrete applications, the book is ideal for coaches who want to better understand their practice, expand their toolkit, and increase their credibility.
Soccer player development model  : the priorities of training and coaching youth soccer players to produce future elite soccer players
Way to go, coach : a scientifically-proven approach to coahing effectiveness
HIFK soccer the game book  : - guidelines for junior coaching
The athletic trainer's guide to strength and endurance training
Biomechanics and Physical Training of the Horse
This is the pioneering author's latest edition. Tudor Bompa pioneered many of the breakthroughs in modern training methods, proving long ago that it's not only how much and how hard an athlete works but also when and what work is done that determine an athlete's conditioning level. In this new edition of Periodization Training for Sports, he teams with strength and conditioning expert Carlo Buzzichelli to demonstrate how to use periodized workouts to peak at the optimal time. Coaches and athletes in 35 sports have at their fingertips a verified programme designed to produce the best results. Containing plenty of ready-made training schedules, the book is an excellent conditioning planner for those wanting to know what works, why it works and when it works, both in the training room and on the practice field.
Coaching as a field has mushroomed in recent years. Thousands of new coaches enter the field after only completing short and superficial training programmes. The problem with this is that coaching is not i) something you can simply learn in a short programme ii) a superficial practice. The books available on coaching tend to just reinforce this by going over coaching methodology, without delving into what it really means to be a coach. The Coaching Secret remedies this by going beneath the surface, looking at what it really means to be a coach and showing how you can go from simply understanding the basic coaching process to truly connecting and relating to the client - and becoming a master coach. The author brings over 20 years of coaching practice in big corporations to help you move beyond the novice/superficial coach to becoming an expert/master coach. He brings together experience, theory, case studies and lots of interactive work to essentially coach the coach and help them achieve a superior coaching level. Key reader outcomes *Practical assistance to become a better coach moving from novice to expert to master. *Increased confidence in your personal coaching competence. *Greater clarity to the value of the coaching relationship and how we coach. *New perspectives on coaching methods. *To answer for yourself some of the crucial questions of the coach including: Who is the coach? How do you coach? And why do you coach? *To deepen your understanding of coaching and to demystify the inner process through which we develop our competency and practice. *To awaken the coach to discover new ways of seeing, thinking, sensing, resolving and relating. *To progress the profession in offering a new vision of coaching that recognises and evolves the role of the coach.
Sport pedagogy : an introduction for teaching and coaching
Perfect practice : the coaching edge
Get your head in the game : mental fitness training for hockey coaches
Perceptions about coaching and individual development in professional ice-hockey : a qualitative study
High performance disability sport coaching
How to be an effective coach
Richard Bandler's guide to trance-formation : make your life great
How to score : science and the beautiful game
Hockey : the sports playbook
Running : from middle distance to marathon
Human potential : exploring techniques used to enhance human performance
NBA coaches playbook : techniques, tactics and teaching points
Carersʼ viewpoint on residential practice: experiences from Kuninkaantie residential unit
Organizational development and coaching in complex environment
Basketball : steps to success
Coaching soccer successfully
Rookie coaches gymnastics guide
The rise of superman : decoding the science of ultimate human performance
JAMK-Business Incubator : enabling entrepreneurship
Ever caught yourself screaming, "I could just kill that teacher"? What would it take to justify such antisocial behavior and weeks of detention? Especially if he's the best teacher you've ever had? Giving you an "F" on a quiz? Mispronouncing your name during roll call...again? How about blowing up the moon and threatening to do the same to Mother Earthunless you take him out first?! Plus a reward of a cool 100 million from the Ministry of Defense! Okay, now that you're committed... How are you going to pull this off? What does your pathetic class of misfits have in their arsenal to combat Teach's alien technology, bizarre powers and...tentacles?! The students of 3-E turn a surplus of eggs to good use in pursuit of their usual goal. Karasuma teaches them the art of parkour while Koro Sensei teaches them the game of cops and robbers. Then, someone is stealing lingerie, and naturally Koro Sensei is the prime suspect! But is he being framed & and if so, by whom? Lastly, biologically modified Itona discovers that sometimes tentacles can be a burden rather than a gift. He puts everything he has got into his latest assassination attempt on Koro Sensei. But who will save Itona from himself?!
A phenomenological investigation of the emotional experiences of elite Brazilian coaches
Football coaching guide for middle school coaches at international schools
Coaching understood : a pragmatic inquiry into the coaching process
The Swim coaching bible
Coaching basketball : technical and tactical skills
Goalkeeping : the specialist
Sport psychology for youth coaches : developing champions in sports and life
How bad do you want it? : mastering the psychology of mind over muscle
The volleyball coaching bible
Coaching and mentoring in higher education : a learning-centred approach
The courage to start : running for your life
Play your best eight ball
Periodization training for sports
Swim for life : optimise technique, fitness + enjoyment
Dave Pelz's damage control : how to save up to five shots per round using all-new, scientifically proven techniques for playing out of trouble lies
Coaching education program for United Arab Emirates ice hockey association  : building the framework and level 1 material
Compassionate leadership : how to create and maintain engaged, committed & high-performing teams
Coaching track and field techniques
Organizational Development and Coaching in Complex Environment
The five STEPS to a winning mindset : what sport can teach us about great leadership
Track & field coaching essentials
Cross-country skiing : building skills for fun and fitness
Perceptions of specialists in elite level sports about the Finnish sport system and sport psychology : a qualitative investigation
This is the complete guide to getting pregnant and improving fertility naturally -- even if you've been told your chances of conception are low. A nationally renowned women's health and fertility expert, Aimee Raupp has helped thousands of women optimize their fertility and get pregnant. Now, in this book, she provides her complete program for improving your chances of conceiving and overcoming infertility, including the most effective complementary and lifestyle approaches, the latest nutritional advice, and ways to prepare yourself emotionally and spiritually.
Keeper : mastering the art of goalkeeping. 2.
Off-Ice Training Handbook for Coaches of G-to-D-Juniors
Sport physiology for coaches
Figure skating coaching in the contemporary sport culture : Finnish figure skating coaches' perceptions about their work
Coaching hockey : fundamentals, team play and techniques
Coaching and learning tennis basics
Coaching strategies while teaching life skills : multiple case study of Estonian youth coaches
Comprehensive figure skating coaching with 6 to 8 year old children
Coaches report : the official publication of the Canadian Professional Coaches Association
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of the psychology of coaching and mentoring
The magic of soccer tricks DVD
The Lance Armstrong performance program : the training, strengthening and eating plan behind the world's greatest cycling victory
Applied sport psychology : personal growth to peak performance
Coaching volleyball successfully : the USAV coaching accreditation program and American sport education program leader level volleyball book
Coaching the art and the science : the complete guide to self management, team management, and physical and psychological preparation
International ice hockey coaching symposium
Choosing one's way: a co-star or a lonestar? : longitudinal study on the entrepreneurial processes of franchisees and self-employed persons in stand-alone businesses
The handbook of knowledge-based coaching : what we really do when we coach
Junior soccer
Coaching for change
Concepts of athletic training
The coaching process : principles and practice for sport
Coaching manual for Helsinki Giants handball club
Coaching for performance : GROWing human potential and purpose : the principles and practice of coaching and leadership
Bolt supremacy : inside Jamaica's sprint factory
USA track & field coaching manual
Values and ethics in coaching
Coaching for innovation : tools and techniques for encouraging new ideas in the workplace
Improving sports performance in middle and long-distance running : a scientific approach to race preparation
Provocative coaching : making things better by making them worse
Maximize the development of your athletes and team throughout the year, and just maybe win a postseason title in the process. "Coaching Better Every Season: A Year-Round Process for Athlete Development and Program Success" presents a blueprint for such success, detailing proven coaching methods and practices in preseason, in-season, postseason, and off-season. The Coach Doc, Dr. Wade Gilbert, shares his research-supported doses of advice that have helped coaches around the globe troubleshoot their ailing programs into title contenders. His field-tested yet innovative prescriptions and protocols for a more professional approach to coaching are sure to produce positive results both in competitive outcomes and in the enjoyment of the experience for athletes and coaches. "Coaching Better Every "Season applies to all sports and guides coaches through the critical components of continual improvement while progressing from one season to the next in the annual coaching cycle. It also presents many practical exercises and evaluation tools that coaches can apply to athletes and teams at all levels of competition. This text is sure to make every year of coaching a more rewarding, if not a trophy-winning, experience.
Optimizing sport performance
Coaching hockey
Dealing with nervousness
The sport psychologist's handbook : a guide for sport-specific performance enhancement
Sports coaching cultures : from practice to theory
The Use of video feedback as a performance analysis coaching tool in amateur level ice hockey
Hit the ground running : doing micro business training in South Africa
What to consider when coaching children in the age of 7 to 17 : - a practical guidebook
Performance-related affective experiences in elite shooters during the preparation season
The hockey goalie's complete guide : an essential development plan
Hockey coaching ABC's : a program for developing the complete palyer. Book 2 Levers 0-6, basic manual for all coaches - practice cards for beginners to professionals
Soccer : Defending
Complete conditioning for rugby
Contemporary coaching : issues and trends
Coaching soccer effectively : The American Coaching Effectiveness Program Level 1 soccer book
Advances in rugby coaching : an holistic approach
Nonrunner's marathon guide for women: get off your butt and on with your training
Abstract: The objective of this thesis was to study the viewpoint of carers towards residential practice in Kuninkaantie Residential Unit. Kuninkaantie Residential Unit is a residential unit for children and youngsters with disabilities in Espoo, Finland, which was opened in autumn   2010.   It offers temporary care for children and residential practice for youngsters. This final thesis was implemented by interviewing the carers of the youngsters in residential practice concerning both their experiences and expectations towards the service. The aim of this thesis was to gather material based on which the residential practice can be improved in Kuninkaantie Residential Unit. This thesis was a qualitative study and six interviews were carried out as thematic interviews at the intervieweesʼ homes. Tentative questions had been divided into themes based on theories. These themes were; Co-operation, quality of life, and independent life.  The results of the thesis show  that mainly positive thoughts rose from the experiences of the carers. Especially the staff members and their knowhow were appreciated. Still, the information flow and general co-operation had been marginal and there were many opinions concerning the need for them. Some thought that the official residential practice had not  yet started and there was a hope for a possibility of common meetings in the future. The carers wanted to approach the function of the residential unit gently as it had started to function just recently. The actual building was criticized by nearly all the interviewees as from their point of view it limits the possibilities to a great extent. Individuality and planning the actions based on individuality were highlighted. This thesis process shows the importance of co-operation and working closely with the carers in order to improve the service for youngsters with disabilities. The co-operation enables the youngster to have a successful residential practice period based on empowerment, which will in the end lead to equal and good quality of life.
Positive coaching : building character and self-esteem through sports
Brain training for runners : a revolutionary new training system to improve endurance, speed, health, and results
Planning, implementing and evaluating a social and communication skills course for riding instructors
Keeper : mastering the art of goalkeeping. 1.
Coaching kids' football : fun, safe and positive football for all ages
Coaching kids : it's more than X's and O's
Coaching methods for SME's : case study
Finnish adaption study of the Sport Imagery Ability Measure (SIAM)
Coaching better every season : a year-round system for athlete development and program success
Coaching the fundamentals of football
Growth entrepreneurial training
Leading
Develop your leadership skills
Parenting young athletes : developing champions in sports and life
Teaching judo : useful suggestions for judo teachers and coaches
Marathon running : from beginner to elite
To support the employment of a rehabilitee
Management coaching : research on coaching Telesales
Complete hockey instruction : skills and strategies for coaches and players
The coaching secret : how to be an exceptional coach
Football skills : from warm-up to final whistle - the essential guide
Coaching baskettball successfully
Practical sports coaching
Group coaching : a practical guide to optimising collective talent in any organization
Human rights in youth sport
How to coach a soccer team : professional advice on building a winning team
Polo : the manual for coach and player
Psychometrics in coaching : using psychological and psychometric tools for development
Coaching volleyball technical & tactical skills
The manager : inside the minds of football's leaders
International sport coaching journal
Coaching hockey succesfully
Practice evaluation package for on-ice coaching in ice hockey
Soccer : attacking
His father's son : Earl and Tiger Woods
Digital media in blended coaching : interaction and distance presence in adult education
Sporting body, sporting mind : an athlete's guide to mental training
Training in sport : applying sport science
Soccer : goalkeeping
How Bad Do You Want It? describes a new psychobiological model of endurance performance connecting the mind and body through the brain, and explains how athletes are sometimes able to overcome physical limitations with mental might. Each story in the book is viewed through the lens of this model, shedding new light on what science has to say about mental fortitude in sports. With its compelling accounts from triathlon, cycling, running, rowing, and swimming, How Bad Do You Want It? puts readers on the sidelines of more than a dozen epic races while also digging into the science to share the how and why of each transformative moment. How Bad Do You Want It? includes: Steve Prefontaine, Greg LeMond, Siri Lindley, Sammy Wanjiru, Cadel Evans, Paula Newby-Fraser, Jenny Barringer, Ned Overend, Ryan Vail, Thomas Voeckler, Willie Stewart, and Joseph Sullivan.
Transformative coaching : a learning theory for practice
American coaching effectiveness program. Level 2, Teaching sport skills
An imagery intervention for highly skilled judo athletes
Challenging coaching : going beyond traditional coaching to face the facts
Athletes' feeling states related to best and worst soccer games and the coaches' ability to recognize them
Psychological Abilities of Junior Ice Hockey Players
Coaching for women entrepreneurs
Winter - a strength and weakness
The search for sporting excellence
Sport psych for coaches : sport psychology program
This book is about building leadership capacity in indivudals and in institutions, through enhancing professional relationships. It is based on the importance of maximising potential, and harnessing the ongoing commitment and energy needed to meet personal and professional goals.
A constructivist approach to teaching and learning at the degree programme in nursing at Novia university of applied sciences
Ice hockey : playing and coaching
Yes, you can get pregnant : natural ways to improve your fertility now & into your 40s
Soccer : the mind game
Planning, implementing and evaluating social and emotional skills course for coaches
Sport and exercise psychology : a critical introduction
Case study: a mental coaching program for a high jumper
Coaching youth lacrosse
Skills and strategies for coaching soccer
Mike Smith's hockey playbook
Coaching soccer : the official coaching book of the Dutch Soccer Association
Coaching theory level 1 : national coaching certification program
Facilitating reflective learning through mentoring & coaching
Perceptions of sport injuries of young elite swimmers
Goalie coach course for th IIHF
Youth Basketball Drills
Youth football coaching : developing your team through the season
Current research topics in exercise and sport psychology in Europe
Carers' Viewpoint on Residential Practice : Experiences from Kuninkaantie Residential Unit
Handbook of coaching psychology
Understanding sports coaching : the social, cultural and pedagogical foundations of coaching
Acceptance and value -based psychological coaching intervention for elite female floorball players
The handbook of swimming
Assassination classroom. 10, Time for robbery
Coaching tennis : technical and tactical skills
The principles of Brasilian soccer
Half-Marathon: You can do it
Futsal : technique, tactics, training
Becoming valuable selves : self-promotion, gender and individuality in late capitalism
