http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3737 logos (symbols)
logos (symbols)
What logos do and how they do it
Designer's handbook of logos and symbols : winning designs from Print Magazine's National Design Competition
The image of a company : manual for corporate identity
The art of metal : five decades of heavy metal album covers, posters, t-shirts and more
Logos, letterheads & business cards : design for profit
Translation of international logos
World of logotypes. Volume 1
The big book of logos. 3
Robin Williams design workshop
This title presents a comprehensive survey of the visual identity of the world's major terrorist organizations, from al-Qaeda and the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine to the Tamil Tigers.
Graphis logo  : The international survey of logo design : Ein Internationaler ûberblick über dei Gestaltung von Logos : Une vue d'ensemble de la création internationale de logos. 2
Logo and trademark collection
Business cards 3 : designs on saying hello
The ultimate graphic element collection
Recycling & Redesigning Logos : A Designer's Guide to Refreshing & Rethinking Design
Sign Graphics cool edition
Letterheads : the international annual of letterhead design. 8
International trademark design : A handbook of ..
Sign gallery : from the editors of Signs of The Times magazine
International logotypes. Vol. 2
Raymond Loewy and streamlined design
World trademarks and logotypes : a collection of international symbols and their applications. 2
World trademarks : 100 years : an international collection of symbol and logotype of symbol and logotype designs of the last one hundred years. Volume 2, Abstract and figurative symbols
Labels and tags
Logo Creed : the mystery, magic and method behind designing logos
The world of symbols/logos and trademarks : India
Dutch design 2000/2001 : graphic design
Logo world : symbol festival
Coleridge's philosophy : the Logos as unifying principle
The little book of logo recipes
Making your mark : establishing unique corporate identities with graphic design
Digital design : the new computer graphics
Don't mess with the logo : the straight-talker's bible of branding
World trademarks and logotypes 3
Designing B2B brands : lessons from Deloitte and 195,000 brand managers
How to design logos, symbols and icons : 24 internationally renowned studios reveal how they develop trademarks for print and new media
Developing a Graphic Solution for the Packaging Design of a Line of Food Products
Logo lounge 4 : 2,000 international identities by leading designers
Michaela Schweeger : Raum und Gestaltung = Space and design
Sound logo as a brand element : affect on attitudes through four cases
Print's best logos & symbols. 2: winning designs from Print Magazine's national competition
Book t-shirts and logos : autumn winter 1993.4
"The ultimate guide to Logo Design from the world's most popular resource for web designers and developers. Web designers and developers now find themselves tasked with designing not only a client's Web site, but also their logo and brand identity. By adding Logo Design to your portfolio, you also add brand skills and unique content. This unparalleled guide dives into the topic of design theory and tells you everything you need to know in order to build remarkable logo. No matter your level of experience, Smashing Magazine covers techniques and best practices in understandable way. You'll look behind the scenes at the art of creating identities. From theory to instruction to inspiration, this must-have book addresses the challenges and rewards of creating a logo that adheres to specific rules of successful design. Details the process of creating a memorable and unique logo, from finding inspiration to executing the design. Looks at what makes a logo successful, various typefaces to explore, ways to use color, the pros and cons of vector, how to prepare for print, and more. Zeroes in on the research, concepts, and techniques that go into designing an amazing logo Includes more than 400 never-before-published logos, interviews with established designers, and biographies of logo design masters with case studies of their iconic work. Appeals to a wide range of readers, from aspiring designer to experienced professional. Encompassing everything about the art of creating identities, this is the only book you need to get started designing today"--
International corporate identity. 1
World trademarks : 100 years : an international collection of symbol and logotype of symbol and logotype designs of the last one hundred years. Volume 1, Alphabetic symbols and logotypes
1000 garment graphics: a comprehensive collection of wearable designs
Japan Typography Association : index 1984-1985, typography element : logotype, typeface, symbolmark, pictogram
Logology®2 : the wonderland of logo design
Letterheads & business cards 2
ZEICHEN + SIGNETS : EINE SAMMLUNG INTERNATIONALER BEISPIELE : A COLLECTION OF INTERNATIONAL EXAMPLES = SIGNS + EMBLEMS
The Best of business card design 9
Students' problem solving in the LEGO/Logo learning environment
Heinz Waibl : graphic designer : il viaggio creativo = the creative journey
World graphic design now. 4, Corporate identity
The new typographic logo
Famous animal symbols : a marvelous designbook with symbols and trademarks of international companies designed by leading artists and graphic designers. Vol. 2
Print's best logos & symbols : 4 : winning designs from Print Magazine's national competition
Japan's trademarks & logotypes : in full color. Part 9
Trademarks and symbols of the world. Vol. 4, European trademarks : Europäische Markenzeichen
The secret life of logos : behind the scenes with top designers
Creating logos & letterheads
Logotypes of the world
Letterheads : one hundred years of great design, 1850-1950
1000 retail graphics : from signage to logos and everything in-store
Graphis letterhead : an international survey of letterhead design
Trademarks of the '60s & '70s
World of logotypes. Volume 3
After ski graphic design
A logo for London : the London Transport bar and circle
Handbook of pictoral symbols : 3.250 examples from international sources
New business card graphics
A dictionary of marks, metalwork, furniture..
Character World
Creating logo families
New shop image graphics : the graphic tools and space design that create appealing stores
Interactive Design 2 : The International Collection of New Media Design = Die Gestaltung der neuen Medien im internationalen Überblick = Le design de nouveaux médias dans le monde
Dolce's Aretino and Venetian art theory of the Cinquecento
Pentagram marks : 400 symbols and logotypes
Type faces
UPDATING THE VISUAL APPEARANCE OF TWO SMALL-TOWN PUBS
Trademarks collection : Europe 1
Branding terror : the logotypes and iconography of insurgent groups and terrorist organizations
100% cotton t-shirt graphics
LogoPower : creating world-class logos and effective identities
Dynamic identities : how to create a living brand
Smashing logo design : the art of creating visual identities
Printś best logos & symbols 6 : winning design from Print magazineś national design competition
Man's search for meaning
Picturing Future Events : Building a Visual Identity for a New Music Festival
Letterheads : the international annual of letterhead design. 3
The big book of logos
Managing the corporate image
Trademarks and symbols of the world
Design rules for letterheads : Over 75 examples from the simple to the spectacular
Before and after : graphics for business
Lingua universalis : global worless understanding
Worldwide identity : inspired design from forty countries
T-shirt collection. 2.
World of logotypes. Volyme 2
Applied typography 8 : graphics, packaging, editorial, diagrams, visual identity, display & environment, visual & digital media, typefaces, logotypes, symbols, marks, pictograms, research & investigation
Design, form and chaos
International logos and symbols 3.
Military aircraft insignia of the world
Insignia collection
Banking Symbols Collection. Volume 2 : international collection of trademarks and symbols of banking and saving companies all over the world
Logo world : 1600 of the worldś newest logomarks
Fake Factor: Why We Love Brands But Buy Fakes
Character trademarks
The bridge : the role of design in marketing
Street logos
Letterhead & Logo design 5.
Shows that Coleridge was much more than an opium-addicted nature-loving Romantic poet. He contributed insights in the fields of religion, science, linguistic analysis, psychology and political and social criticism. The author explores his attempt 'to reduce all knowledges into harmony'.
New logo : a collection of corporate identities
New logo and trademark design
New logo : a collection of corporate identities. Two
The newest logo from California 2
The new big book of logos
The new logo from California
Corporate identity
Corporate Identity
Letterhead & Logo Design 11
Epica book 11
World trademarks and logotypes
T-shirt print designs and logos
Cool type
Fashion hangtag design
T-shirt collection. 2
American corporate identity 2002
Shop graphics
The art directors' handbook of professional magazine design : classic techniques and inspirational approaches
Corporate visual identity : Case study: changing visual identity
Visual harmony : proportion in graphic design
Printś best letterheads & business cards  : winning designs from Print Magazineś National Design Competition
Zeichen + Signets : eine Sammlung internationaler Beispiele = Signs + emblems : a collection of international examples
Design af navne på virksomheder og produkter = Designing names of companies and products
Corporate design systems : identity through graphics. 2
Internationales jahrbuch kommunikationsdesign, 2003/2004 = International yearbook communication design 2003/2004
World sign 2 : marks, logos
Applied typography 7 : graphics, packaging, editorial, diagrams, visual identity, display & environment, visual & digital media, typefaces, logotypes, symbols, marks, pictograms, research & investigation
