http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3736 company logos
company logos
Come cambiano i marchi = The way logos change : metamorfosi di 60 marchi italiani = metamorphosis of 60 Italian logos
Best of letterhead & logo design
Top symbols and trademarks of the world. 1, United States, part one
Logo design 5 : an  international collection of logo design
Designer's handbook of logos and symbols : winning designs from Print Magazine's National Design Competition
Top symbols and trademarks of the world. 7, Scandinavia, Socialist Countries
The world's greatest brands
The big book of logos. 3
Robin Williams design workshop
Graphis logo  : The international survey of logo design : Ein Internationaler ûberblick über dei Gestaltung von Logos : Une vue d'ensemble de la création internationale de logos. 2
Logo and trademark collection
International corporate design. Volume 1, Trademarks & symbols
Recycling & Redesigning Logos : A Designer's Guide to Refreshing & Rethinking Design
Sign Graphics cool edition
Designing logos : the process of creating symbols that endure
Letterheads : the international annual of letterhead design. 8
Effectiveness evaluation of outdoor advertising campaign : the case study of IKEA Kuopio
Signs : signboards and storesigns in Europe and the United States of America, 1987
International trademark design : A handbook of ..
Top symbols and trademarks of the world. 2, United States, part two, Canada
Names that sell : how to create great names for your company, product or service
Raymond Loewy and streamlined design
World trademarks and logotypes : a collection of international symbols and their applications. 2
World trademarks : 100 years : an international collection of symbol and logotype of symbol and logotype designs of the last one hundred years. Volume 2, Abstract and figurative symbols
1,2 & 3 Color Design Collection : the worldś most imaginative use of limited color in graphic design
Logo Creed : the mystery, magic and method behind designing logos
Labels and tags
Sports procurement and its impact on the sports retail market in Finland, case Millet
The little book of logo recipes
Corporate identity: name, image and perception : highlights of a conference
TRADEMARKS & SYMBOLS OF THE WORLD
The image of business card today : the most creative business cards all around the world
World trademarks and logotypes 3
Display, commercial space and sign design : Volume 22
How to design logos, symbols and icons : 24 internationally renowned studios reveal how they develop trademarks for print and new media
Logo Design 4 : The International Collection of Logo Design
Michaela Schweeger : Raum und Gestaltung = Space and design
Print's best logos & symbols. 2: winning designs from Print Magazine's national competition
African signs
World trademarks : 100 years : an international collection of symbol and logotype of symbol and logotype designs of the last one hundred years. Volume 1, Alphabetic symbols and logotypes
The best in world trademarks : corporate and brand identity, volume 1
Letterhead & logo design 10.
Point of Purchase Design Annual No. 6 : the 41st merchandising awards
New super identity : the new era of creative branding
Logology®2 : the wonderland of logo design
Letterheads & business cards 2
Trade marks and symbols. Vol. 1, Alphabetical designs
Japan's trademarks & logotypes in full color. Part 3
Heinz Waibl : graphic designer : il viaggio creativo = the creative journey
World graphic design now. 4, Corporate identity
Graphic design makeovers : how to redesign for maximum impact
Print's best logos & symbols : 4 : winning designs from Print Magazine's national competition
Trademarks and symbols of the world. Vol. 4, European trademarks : Europäische Markenzeichen
Top symbols and trademarks of the world. 5, France, Italy
Still bored : [board] : surf/skate/snow graphics
The secret life of logos : behind the scenes with top designers
Japan's trademarks & logotypes in full color. Part 2
Creating logos & letterheads
A short course in international intellectual property rights : protecting your brands, marks, copyrights, patents, designs, and related rights worldwide
Letterheads : one hundred years of great design, 1850-1950
London inn signs
Corporate design systems 1 : case studies in international applications
Graphis letterhead : an international survey of letterhead design
The big book of corporate identity design
Trade marks and symbols. Vol. 2, Symbolical designs
Trademarks of the '60s & '70s
World of logotypes. Volume 3
Suomalaisia liikemerkkejä = Finnish symbols and trademarks
A logo for London : the London Transport bar and circle
New business card graphics
The best in world trademarks : corporate and brand identity volume 2.
Made in Italia
A dictionary of marks, metalwork, furniture..
Creating logo families
Logo design that works : secrets for successful logo design
Interactive Design 2 : The International Collection of New Media Design = Die Gestaltung der neuen Medien im internationalen Überblick = Le design de nouveaux médias dans le monde
Creative restaurant graphics. 1, Excellence in contemporary design
Logolounge. 6 : 2,000 international identities by leading designers
Trademarks collection : Europe 1
Top symbols and trademarks of the world. [9], Top Trademarks Annual 1978 : complete with index by countries, index to designers, index to studios and agencies, index by area of activity
LogoPower : creating world-class logos and effective identities
No rules logos : radical design solutions that break rules
Yes logo : 40 years of Michael Peters branding, design and communication
Student's preference choice among private and national brands of snacks in Kuas Cafeterias, Finland / Juan Jose Garcia Navarro & Lucia Palkovicova
The American restaurant : merchandising and menu design
Picturing Future Events : Building a Visual Identity for a New Music Festival
Letterheads : the international annual of letterhead design. 3
The big book of logos
Trademarks and symbols of the world
Logolounge. 7 : 2,000 international identities by leading designers
Design rules for letterheads : Over 75 examples from the simple to the spectacular
Marks of excellence : the function and variety of trademarks
Before and after : graphics for business
Lingua universalis : global worless understanding
Trademark designs of the twenties
World of logotypes. Volyme 2
Great British pack
Archigraphia : architectural and environmental graphics = architektur- und signalisierungsgraphik = la création graphique appliquée à l'architecture et à l'environnement
Signet Signal Symbol : Handbuch internationaler Zeichen = emblème signal symbole : répertoire de signes internationaux = signet signal symbol : handbook of international signs
Top symbols and trademarks of the world. 6, Switzerland, West Germany, Austria
Suomen apteekkien signatuuriaiheita = Signaturmotiv på apoteken i Finland = Symbols used in tag-labels at pharmacies in Finland / Bengt Mattila
Banking Symbols Collection. Volume 2 : international collection of trademarks and symbols of banking and saving companies all over the world
Logo R.I.P. : a commemoration of dead logotypes
Design coordination and corporate image
Ideas on design
Logo world : 1600 of the worldś newest logomarks
Top symbols and trademarks of the world. [8], Top Trademarks Annual 1977 : complete with index by countries, index to designers, index to studios and agencies, index by area of activity
Identity : trademarks, logotypes and symbols
Top symbols and trademarks of the world. 3, Japan, Spain, Latin America
New logo : a collection of corporate identities
New logo and trademark design
New logo : a collection of corporate identities. Two
Shop image graphics
A short course in international intellectual property rights : protecting your brands, marks, copyrights, patents, designs and related rights worldwide
Corporate identity
Display, commercial space and sign design : Volume 24
World trademarks and logotypes
100s visual ideas: logos & letterheads
Top symbols and trademarks of the world. 4, Great Britain, Ireland, Benelux
American corporate identity 2002
Market research on luxury e-business in China
Shop graphics
Printś best letterheads & business cards  : winning designs from Print Magazineś National Design Competition
Visual harmony : proportion in graphic design
Atlanta Graphic Design
Design af navne på virksomheder og produkter = Designing names of companies and products
World sign 2 : marks, logos
Worldwide identity : inspired design from forty countries
