http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3738 applied graphic art
applied graphic art
The color printer idea book
Valimik Axel Roosman'i graafikat : 1918 - 1940 = A Selection of Axel Roosman's Art Production = Ett urval av Axel Roosman's grafik
Handbook of designs & devices : 1836 basic designs and their variations by one of America's foremost industrial and graphic designers
Stereographics : graphics in new dimensions
The art of metal : five decades of heavy metal album covers, posters, t-shirts and more
Creative workshop : 80 challenges to sharpen your design skills
Promo 2 : the ultimate in graphic designer's and illustrator's self-promotion
The tote bag
New York drawings : a decade of covers, illustrations, and sketches from the pages of The New Yorker and beyond
Giftwraps by artists
Symbol : the reference guide to abstract and figurative trademarks
Recycling & Redesigning Logos : A Designer's Guide to Refreshing & Rethinking Design
Nature graphics
One Show interactive : advertising's best interactive and new media : volume 11
365 : AIGA year in design 22
Film & tv graphics 2 : an international survey of the art of film animation = ein internationaler Übersicht über die Kunst im Animationsfilm = un panorama international de l'art du film animation
Communication arts. 1998, Vol. 39, November, Design annual 1998.
Japan graphics
The art of the cigar label
Dead children playing : a picture book
Make it happen : materials and techniques for graphig design
The typography idea book : inspiration from 50 masters
Malofiej 19 : premios internacionales de infografía = world infographics awards
Allover patterns for designers and craftsmen
Graphic design tricks & techniques
Communication arts. 1998, Vol. 40, September/October
Geo graphic : a book for map lovers
Labels and tags
Logo Creed : the mystery, magic and method behind designing logos
Fashion images
Graphis paper promotions. 1, An international collection of paper promotions : Eine internationale Sammlung von Papierpromotionen. Un panorama international des promotions de papier
Alphonse Mucha
Sweet & nostalgic designs in Japan : handicraft, graphics, architecture and more
Super : welcome to graphic wonderland
Rock art : CDs, albums & posters
Collection of images of posters, flyers, zines, and other promotional materials for punk rock acts
The art of poster making
The art of whimsical lettering
KONE Care For Life : Information Design for KONE Corporation
Malofiej 20 : premios internacionales de infografía = international infographics awards
Graphic beat : the soft mix. Vol. 1, a collaboration of music and graphics London Tokyo
The best of brochure design 6
Malofiej 18 : premios internacionales de infografía = international infographics awards
Handmade : poster collection
Playful patterns
The PC graphics handbook
"A fully illustrated instructional printmaking book presenting step-by-step examples alongside representative works from thirty top contemporary printmaking artists.  Printmaking is flourishing in the digital age, appealing to both "traditional" artists as well as those interested in graphic design and digital technique. This all-in-one guide to printmaking technique is a complete technical and inspirational book on the history and contemporary processes for relief, intaglio, lithography, serigraphy, mixed media/transfers, and post digital graphics, with extended profiles of a wide range of contemporary printmakers. Featuring instruction, interviews, example images, and philosophy, this beautiful book provides a truly modern look at printmaking today, in all its forms"--
The Best magazine design : photography, illustration, infographics & digital
Design for space : Soviet and Russian mission patches
Fresh ideas in letterhead & business card design 2
Funk & soul covers
Cuba style : graphics from the golden age of design
64GB : 64 eminent creatives from Great Britain
See America : a celebration of our national parks & treasured sites
Marine animals
Music graphics
First choice : leading international designers select the bets of their own work
Less is more : the new simplicity in graphic design
Logos made in Spain
New retro : graphics & logos in retro style
100 habits of successful graphic designers : insider secrets on working smart and staying creative
The beer coasters
Coast to coast : album cover art from New York to Los Angeles
Working with computer type 3 : color&type
Neogeo : a new edge to abstraction
FC football graphics
Typography & lettering. An introduction to the key elements of good typographic design. Broken into sections covering the fundamentals of typography, it features works by acclaimed typographic designers from across the world. Each section illustrates technical points and encourages readers to try out new ideas of their own.
The Best of Business Card Design : 4
Graphics for kids
2001 decorative cuts and ornaments
In effect : groundbreaking finishes and materials in graphic design = finitions et matières d'avant-gardes adaptées au design graphique = acabados y materiales innovadores en el diseño gráfico = finiture e materiali rivoluzionari nel design grafico
Poster annual. 2012
BLACK AFRICA
Logotypes of the world
Heck's pictorial archive of military science, geography and history
Think in colour : Hugo Puttaert : Visionandfactory
In Search of the lost record : british album cover art of 50's to 80's
The graphic design idea book : inspiration from 50 masters
After ski graphic design
365 : Aiga year in design 23
Vuoden huiput. 2004 : parasta suomalaista mainontaa & graafista suunnittelua = the best of Finnish advertising & graphic design
Graphic recording : live illustrations for meetings, conferences and workshops
Vuoden huiput = The annual of the best Finnish advertising and graphic design. [1993]
1000 graphic elements : special details for distinctive designs
Cut that out : contemporary collage in graphic design
Surf skate and rock art of Jim Phillips : 40 years of surf, skate and rock art
Pr brochure collection
The art of promotion : creating distinction through innovative production techniques
Shop card A to Z
Peel : the art of the sticker
Creativity : Innovative ways to build great design
Playing with Color : 50 Graphic Experiments for Exploring Color Design Principles
Best of brochure design 7.
46th publication design annual
Stand out
Calligraphy techniques : an essential beginner's guide to classic alphabets, with over 40 projects and 400 photographs and artworks
Designing web usability : [the practice of simplicity]
Oh so pretty : punk in print 1976-80
Meggs' history of graphic design
Malofiej 17 : premios internacionales de infografía = international infographics awards
Bioinformatic approaches for integration of genomic information
The left-handed designer
U&LC : influencing design & typography
LAUS 02 : 32 st Laus awards. Best of design and advertising in 2001.
RSVP : the very best of invitation and promotion design
Design elements : using images to create graphic impact : a graphic style manual for effective image solutions in graphic design
Design rules for letterheads : Over 75 examples from the simple to the spectacular
It's a matter of illustration
Novum : World of graphic design
The perfect package : how to add value through graphic design
Big ideas : concepts developments explanations solutions
Shelf space : modern package design 1945-1965
Wayfinding : people, signs and architecture
Selecting colour for print
Graphis annual reports : the international yearbook of annual reports = das internationale Jahrbuch über Jahresberichte = le répertoire international des rapports annuels. 5
One Show interactive. volume 15
Select G : graphic design from Spain
The orientalist poster : a century of advertising through the Slaoui Foundation Collection
Posters in history
365 habits of successful graphic designers : insider secrets from top designers on working smart and staying creative
Stir it up! : Reggae Album Cover Art
Design funny : a graphic designer's guide to humor
Information graphics and visual clues
Onehundred at 360° : graphic design's new global generetion
Blue Note. 2: the album cover art : the finest in jazz since 1939
Label design 4 : the best new U. S. & international design
Altitude : contemporary Swiss graphic design
Comps storyboards and animatics
Breaking the rules in graphic design
One, two & three color graphics : vol. 2
Shop image graphics in NY
Art of modern rock : mini#1: a-z
The One Show design volume 01 : the year's best design communications
Cool designs without illustrations
Promo : made in Spain 05
Graphic design for non-designers : the ultimate primer for the design rookie
Shop Image Graphics in Tokyo : food, fashion, beauty, living, outside Tokyo
Exempla graphica : case histories of seventyeight works by seventyeight members of the Alliance Graphique Internationale
The graphic & interactive design index 13.
Graphic design solutions
Modern printmaking : a guide to traditional and digital techniques
Business cards : dynamic graphic design
World sign 2 : marks, logos
