http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3744 iconography
iconography
The iconography of Buddhist sculptures of the Pāla and Sena periods from Bodhgayā
Dance images in temples of mainland Southeast Asia
Dictionary of subjects and symbols in art / James Hall ; intr. by Kenneth Clark
Dictionary of Buddhist iconography. Vol. 7, (Ma.bdud - Manjushiri)
Studia Patristica. Vol. LIX, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 7, Early Christian iconographics, edited by Allen Brent and Markus Vinzent
On Corinthian iconography : the bridled winged horse and the helmeted female head in the sixth century BC
Iconographic exegesis and Third Isaiah
The nude : an new perspective / Gill Saunders
Elements of Hindu iconography. Vol. 1:1-2
The numismatic iconography of the Roman colonies in Greece : local spirit and the expression of imperial policy
Ship iconography in mosaics : an aid to understanding ancient ships and their construction
Dictionary of Buddhist iconography. 2, (Amoghavikramin - Bzod.par.smra.ba.can)
Using images in late antiquity
Iconclass indexes : Italian prints : 4 : the seventeenth century : an iconographic index to A. Bartsch, Le peintre-graveur, vols 19, 20 and 21 / by Roelof van Straten
Jaina iconography. Part 2, Objects of meditation and the pantheon
Iconography of Śakti : a study based on Śrītattvanidhi
Iconclass indexes : Dutch prints : 8 : the seventeenth century lI : an iconographic index to A. Bartsch, Le peintre-graveur, vols 4 and 5 / by Roelof van Straten
Australian aboriginal religion. Fascicle 2, The north-eastern region and North Australia
Secular possession : cinematic iconography of addiction
Iconclass indexes : Dutch prints : 5/2 : the Pre-Rembrandt generation 2 : the Northern minor masters / by Roelof van Straten
The development of Hindu iconography
This title presents a comprehensive survey of the visual identity of the world's major terrorist organizations, from al-Qaeda and the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine to the Tamil Tigers.
Iconclass : an iconographic classification system : system 1 - 9 : bibliography 1 - 9 : index A - Z / H. van de Waal ; completed and edited by L.D. Couprie, E. Tholen, G. Vellekoop
The Bible and the Saints : Flammarion iconographic Guides
Iconclass indexes : early Netherlandish painting : 3/1 : the third generation : part 1 : northern artists : an iconoraphic index to M. J. Friedländer, Early Netherlandish painting, part 3/1 / by Yassu Frossati-Okayama
Yahweh fighting from heaven : God as warrior and as God of heaven in the Hebrew psalter and ancient Near Eastern iconography
Iconography of Old Kingdom elite tombs : analysis & interpretation, theoretical and methodological aspects
The iconography of Tibetan Lamaism
Iconographic encyclopaedia
Christ in the council hall : studies in the religious iconocraphy of the Venetian republic
The living icon in Byzantium and Italy : the vita image, eleventh to thirteenth centuries
Pamâtnik, oveânnyj slavoj Kulikovskoj bitvy : ikona "Bogomater' Donskaâ" : na oborote "Uspenie" = The illustrious relic of the Kulikovo battle : icon "The virgin of the Don" : on the reverse "The dormition"
Myths and deities : some aspects of Hindu iconographic traditions
Representation and meaning in the visual arts : a study in the methodology of iconography and iconology
Jaina iconography in Rūpamaṇḍana : of Sūtradhāra Śrī Maṇḍana, son of Kṣetra of Medapaṭa
Buddhist collection of the national museum of Nepal
Dictionary of Buddhist iconography. Vol. 9, (Öber-e öber-e daγaγči eke - Quričaqui ügei köbegün)
Buddhist iconography
Religion, tradition, and ideology : pre-colonial South India
An Iconographer's patternbook : the Stroganov tradition
Iconclass indexes : Dutch prints : 7 : the seventeenth century l : an iconographic index to A. Bartsch, Le peintre-graveur, vols 1 and 2 / by Roelof van Straten
Homa and other fire rituals in Gandhāra
Dictionary of Buddhist iconography. Vol. 15, (Vasundhara-Zyōkukai)
Script and image : papers on art and epigraphy
Xenia oecumenica in honorem Ioannis Metropolitae Helsingiensis sexagenarii / ed. Hannu T. Kamppuri
The Great Temple at Tanjore
Byzantine hymnography for the Feast of the Entrance of the Theotokos : an intermedial approach
The contributions of this volume present the latest results of world-wide academic research in the field of the Old Testament/Hebrew Bible and in related areas. The articles cover a multitude of topics, including exegetical and literary problems, history, iconography, history of religion, archaeology as well as lexicography and central theological questions concerning the Hebrew Bible. Dieser Band bietet neueste Ergebnisse von Forscherinnen und Forschern aus Europa, Amerika, Afrika und Asien auf dem Gebiet des Alten Testaments/der Hebraeischen Bibel in Verbindung mit angrenzenden Wissenschaftsgebieten. Die Artikel behandeln exegetisch-literarische, historische, religionsgeschichtliche, ikonographische, archaeologische und lexikographische sowie zentrale theologische Fragen.
Royal conquests and cultural migrations in South India and the Deccan
Iconography at the crossroads : papers from the colloquium sponsored by the Index of Christian Art, Princeton University, 23-24 March 1990
Meaning in the visual arts
Iconography of the Hindus, Buddhists and Jains
An introduction to iconography / Roelof van Straten ; translated from the German by Patricia de Man
From Ireland coming : Irish art from the early Christian to the late Gothic period and its European context
Iconography of Buddhist deity Heruka
Pratimā kalānidhi = Album of Hindu iconography
Allegory and the migration of symbols / Rudolf Wittkower
Decoded messages : the symbolic language of Chinese animal painting
Prayer and power in Byzantine and papal imagery
The Gospel in the monuments of iconography : mostly byzantines and Russian ..
The symbolism of the stupa
An iconographer's sketchbook : drawings & patters. Volume 2, The Thulin collection
Dictionary of Buddhist iconography. Vol. 12, (Spar.smeḥi.ḳhor.lo - Tzŭ-tsai-yüan-mu)
Gods and heroes of classical antiquity
Iconography and ritual : a study of analytical perspectives
Iconclass indexes : early German prints : 5/1 : German single-leaf woodcuts before 1500 / by Roelof van Straten
Art and architecture of Indian temples. Vol. 2
Royal palaces, residences, and pavilions of India : 13th through 18th centuries : an iconographic consideration
Dictionary of Buddhist iconography. 1
Personifications & symbols : an index to H. F. Gravelot and C. N. Cochin's Iconologie par figures / Ester Lels
Dictionary of subjects and symbols in art
Interpreting Judean pillar figurines : gender and empire in Judean apotropaic ritual
The studiolo of Urbino : an iconographic investigation / Luciano Cheles
Personifications & symbols : an index to H. F. Gravelot and C. N. Cochin's Iconologie par figures
Art and architecture of Indian temples. Vol. 1
Visualizing Finland : Postage stamps as political messengers
Iconography and electronics upon a generic architecture : a view from the drafting room
Iconography and Biblical studies : proceedings of the Iconography Sessions at the Joint EABS/SBL Conference, 22-26 July 2007, Vienna, Austria
The world's master paintings 1 - 2 : from the early renessaince to the present day : a comprehensive listing of works by 1,300 painters and a complete guide to their locations worldwide / compiled by Christopher Wright
The message of images : studies in the history of art / Jan Bialostocki
Iconclass : an iconographic classification system
Lexicon iconographicum mythologiae classicae (LIMC). 4,2, Eros-Herakles
Dictionary of Buddhist iconography. Vol. 11, (Śākyamuni - Sparśavajr−a)
A dictionary of Buddhist and Hindu iconography, illustrated : objects, devices, concepts, rites, and related terms
Icon to narrative : the rise up of the dramatic close-up in fifteenth-century devotional painting
Iconography of liturgical textiles in the Middle Ages
The iconography of the Derge Kanjur and Tanjur : facsimile reproductions of the 648 illustrations in the Derge edition of the Tibetan Tripitaka, housed in the Library of the Oriental Institute in Prague
The message of images : studies in the history of art
Questions of meaning : theme and motif in Dutch in Dutch seventeenth-century painting / E. de Jongh ; translated and edited by Michael Hoyle
Japanese mythology / Juliet Piggot
"In Dark Mirror, Sara Lipton offers a fascinating examination of the emergence of anti-Semitic iconography in the Middle AgesThe straggly beard, the hooked nose, the bag of coins, and gaudy apparel--the religious artists of medieval Christendom had no shortage of virulent symbols for identifying Jews. Yet, hateful as these depictions were, the story they tell is not as simple as it first appears.Drawing on a wide range of primary sources, Lipton argues that these visual stereotypes were neither an inevitable outgrowth of Christian theology nor a simple reflection of medieval prejudices. Instead, she maps out the complex relationship between medieval Christians' religious ideas, social experience, and developing artistic practices that drove their depiction of Jews from benign, if exoticized, figures connoting ancient wisdom to increasingly vicious portrayals inspired by (and designed to provoke) fear and hostility.At the heart of this lushly illustrated and meticulously researched work are questions that have occupied scholars for ages--why did Jews becomes such powerful and poisonous symbols in medieval art? Why were Jews associated with certain objects, symbols, actions, and deficiencies? And what were the effects of such portrayals--not only in medieval society, but throughout Western history? What we find is that the image of the Jew in medieval art was not a portrait of actual neighbors or even imagined others, but a cloudy glass into which Christendom gazed to find a distorted, phantasmagoric rendering of itself"--
Dictionary of Buddhist iconography. 3, (C̆aγan Acala - Dhūpā)
Arbanassi : iconostases and religious easel art (15th-18th and 19th centuries)
Hindu epics, myths, and legends in popular illustrations
Masterpieces in detail. Vol. 2, From Rembrandt to Rivera
Iconography, indexing, iconclass : a handbook / by Roelof van Straten
Dictionary of Buddhist iconography. Vol. 8, ( Manjushiri - Nyoze-en)
Jewish art in its late antique context
The Iconology of Gender : Eastern & Western traditions of European iconography 3
An introduction to iconography
Changing forms and cultural identity : religious and secular iconographies. Vol. 1
Storytelling Advertising : a Visual Marketing Analysis
Iconclass indexes : Italian prints : 1 : early Italian engraving : an iconographic index to A.M. Hind, Early Italian engraving, London 1938-1948 / by Roelof van Straten
Iconotextual studies in the Muslim ideology of Umayyad architecture and urbanism
Meditations on a hobby horse and other essays on the theory of art
Investigating Indian art : proceedings of a symposium on the development of early Buddhist and Hindu iconography held at the Museum of Indian Art Berlin in May 1986.
Jaina iconography. Part 1, The tirthankara in Jaina scriptures, art and rituals
The iconography of Tibetan lamaism : revised edition
The Ripa index : personifications and their attributes in five editions of the iconologia / Yassu Okayama
Kivik archaeology & iconography
Icons of Cyprus
The Great penance at Māmallapuram : deciphering a visual text
Sea Finland : Finnish seafaring in pictures / compiled by Henry Forssell
"Living Icons is the first book to explore the emergence and function of a novel pictorial format in the Middle Ages, the vita icon, which displayed the magnified portrait of a saint framed by scenes from his or her life. The vita icon was used for depicting the most popular figures in the Orthodox calendar and, in the Latin West, was deployed most vigorously in the service of Francis of Assisi. This book offers a compelling account of how this type of image embodied and challenged the prevailing structures of vision, representation, and sanctity in Byzantium and among the Franciscans in Italy between the eleventh and thirteenth centuries. Through the lens of this format, Paroma Chatterjee uncovers the complexities of the philosophical and theological issues that had long engaged both the medieval East and West, such as the fraught relations between words and images, relics and icons, a representation and its subject, and the very nature of holy presence"--
The Arcimboldo effect : transformations of the face from the sixteenth to the twentieth century
Branding terror : the logotypes and iconography of insurgent groups and terrorist organizations
Encyclopedia of comparative iconography : themes depicted in works of art. Vol. 1, A-L
"My Spirit at Rest in the North Country" (Zechariah 6.8) : Collected Communications to the XXth Congress of the International Organization for the Study of the Old Testament, Helsinki 2010
Ot portreta k ikone : očerki russkoj ikonografii XVIII -načala XX veka = From portrait to icon : studies in Russian iconography of the eighteenth - the beginning of the twentieth centuries
A report on the study of iconography of Kathmandu Valley and their preservation and protection
Iconclass indexes : early German prints : 5/2 : German single-leaf woodcuts 1500-1550 / by Roelof van Straten
Transformations of time and temporality in Medieval and Renaissance art
On Tantric-Buddhist art and influence of Hindu mythology on Buddhist idols.
The Codrus Painter : iconography and reception of Athenian vases in the age of Pericles
Dictionary of Buddhist iconography. Vol. 10, (RA-Śākyamitra)
Lexicon iconographicum mythologiae classicae (LIMC). 4,1, Eros-Herakles
Iconclass indexes : early Netherlandish painting : 1 : the founders : an iconographic index to M. J. Friedländer, Early Netherlandish painting, part 1 / by Yassu Frossati-Okayama
The mystical language of icons
The Ngor mandalas of Tibet : plates
The Orthodox faith : an elementary handbook on the Orthodox Church. Vol. 2, Worship
The Indian Buddhist iconography : mainly based on the Sādhanamālā and cognate Tantric texts of rituals
Bilder als Quellen = Images as sources : studies on ancient Near Eastern artefacts and the Bible inspired by the work of Othmar Keel
Although scholars employ pictorial material in biblical exegesis, the question of how images from the Ancient Near East can contribute to a better understanding of the Bible has been left unanswered. This is the first monograph to outline a historical method for iconographic exegesis. The methodological study includes both responses to important theoretical questions such as "What is an image?" and "What is culture?" and an interdisciplinary exploration of issues of history, art history, archaeology and cultural anthropology.
Icons Christmas 1970 : catalogue and news : [the Gallery"s second tour of icons and the mediaeval architecture and 18th century palaces of Russia, 2 - 16th October 1970] / The Temple Gallery
The icon of the Virgin of Tikhvin : a study of the Tikhvin Monastery palladium in the hodegetria tradition / Aune Jääskinen
Encyclopedia of comparative iconography : themes depicted in works of art. Vol. 2, M-Z
"Explores the development and diffusion of the vita image which emerged in Byzantium in the twelfth century and spread to Italy and beyond"--
Iconography of southern India
Ragas & Raginis : a pictorial & iconographic study of Indian musical modes based on original sources
The iconography of Chinese Buddhism in traditional China. Vol. 1, Han to Liao
The icon : holy images - sixth to fourteenth century / Kurt Weitzmann
Sarasvati : a study on her concept and iconography
Dictionary of Buddhist iconography. Vol. 13, (Ubai-shin - Vajrakulodbhava)
Medieval iconography : a research guide
The art of the sacred : an introduction to the aesthetics of art and belief
The visible idea : interpretations of classical art
"The straggly beard, the hooked nose, the bag of coins, and gaudy apparel--the religious artists of medieval Christendom had no shortage of virulent symbols for identifying Jews. Yet, hateful as these depictions were, the story they tell is not as simple as it first appears. Drawing on a wide range of primary sources, Lipton argues that these visual stereotypes were neither an inevitable outgrowth of Christian theology nor a simple reflection of medieval prejudices. Instead, she maps out the complex relationship between medieval Christians' religious ideas, social experience, and developing artistic practices that drove their depiction of Jews from benign, if exoticized, figures connoting ancient wisdom to increasingly vicious portrayals inspired by (and designed to provoke) fear and hostility. At the heart of this lushly illustrated and meticulously researched work are questions that have occupied scholars for ages--why did Jews becomes such powerful and poisonous symbols in medieval art? Why were Jews associated with certain objects, symbols, actions, and deficiencies? And what were the effects of such portrayals--not only in medieval society, but throughout Western history? What we find is that the image of the Jew in medieval art was not a portrait of actual neighbors or even imagined others, but a cloudy glass into which Christendom gazed to find a distorted, phantasmagoric rendering of itself"--
Ars vitrea : collected writings on mediaeval stained glass
Encyclopaedia of themes and subjects in painting
Iconclass indexes : early Netherlandish painting : 3/2 : the third generation : part 2 : sourthern artists 1 : an iconoraphic index to M. J. Friedländer, Early Netherlandish painting, part 3/2 / by Yassu Frossati-Okayama
Siva in dance, myth and iconography
The Hindu Pantheon
The complete dictionary of symbols : in myth, art and literature / general editor: Jack Tressider
Apostolic iconography and Florentine confraternities in the age of reform
Dictionary of Buddhist iconography. Vol. 4, (Dhyāna-p−aramit−a - Gzuṅsḷasḅyuṅḅaḥi lhaṃo Norṛgyunṃa)
Kārttikeya in Indian art and literature
Glossary of ecclesiastical ornament and costume : compiled from ancient authorities and examples
The uncreated light : an iconographical study of the transfiguration in the Eastern Church
The icon of the Virgin of Konevitsa : a study of the "Dove Icon" and its iconographical background / by Aune Jääskinen
Encyclopaedia of themes and subjects in painting / Howard Daniel ; introduction by John Berger
Prazdnitshnyi rjad Sofii Novgorodskoi : drevneishaja tshast glavnogo ikonostasa Sofijskogo sobora = Church feasts range at St Sophia's Cathedral : the oldest section of the main iconostasis at the Novgorod Cathedral of St Sophia / tekst V. Filatova
Egyptian iconography on Syro-Palestinian cylinder seals of the Middle Bronze Age
A recognizable image : William Carlos Williams on art and artist / ed. with an introduction and notes by Bram Dijkstra
ICO Iconographisk post
Judean Pillar Figurines regularly appear in discussions about Israelite religion, monotheism, and female practice. Erin Darby uses Near Eastern texts, iconography, the Hebrew Bible, and the archeology of Jerusalem to explore figurine function, the gender of figurine users, and the relationship between Judean figurines and the Assyrian Empire.
New Larousse encyclopedia of mythology / introduction by Robert Graves
Studies in the iconography of Northwest Semitic inscribed seals : proceedings of a symposium held in Fribourg on April 17-20, 1991
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXXIII, Including papers presented at the Conferences on Early Christian Iconography, held in Pécs, Hungary
Agyieus and baluster, aniconic monuments in Roman art
The icon : window of the kingdom
Revisiting al-Andalus : perspectives on the material culture of Islamic Iberia and beyond
Painter and poet in ancient Greece : iconography and the literary arts
The Ngor mandalas of Tibet : listings of the Mandala deities
Dictionary of Buddhist iconography. Vol. 14, (Vajrakum−ara-Vasumitr−a)
Whereas aspects of iconography have been reflected in monographic studies on individual pieces, the broader functional context of liturgical textiles and their iconography have so far barely been considered in scholarly publications. The book, presenting the papers delivered during a colloquium in 2007 at the Abegg-Stiftung, provides insights into this topic from various viewpoints.
Iconclass indexes : Dutch prints : 1/1 : early Netherlandish prints : 1 : Lucas van Leyden and his contemporaries / by Roelof van Straten
Meaning in the visual arts : views from the outside : a centennial commemoration of Erwin Panofsky (1892-1968)
Studies on the iconography of cosmic kingship in the ancient world
Byzantine holy images - transcendence and immanence : the theological background of the iconography and aesthetics of the Chora Church
Heroes of the icon
Narrative and experience : innovations in thirteenth century picture books
The chimera principle : an anthropology of memory and imagination
Includes an alphabetically arranged list of major rulers of various regions of India for the period covered.
The successive sets of Studia Patristica contain papers delivered at the International Conferences on Patristic Studies, which meet for a week once every four years in Oxford. These papers range over the whole field, both East and West, from the second century to a section on the Nachleben of the Fathers. The majority are short papers dealing with some small and manageable point; they raise and sometimes resolve questions about the authenticity of documents, dates of events, and such like, and some unveil new texts. The longer papers put such matters into context and indicate wider trends. The whole reflects the state of Patristic scholarship and demonstrates the vigour and popularity of the subject.
Australian aboriginal religion. Fascicle 4, Central Australia ; Conclusion
A guide to Japanese prints and their subject matter / by Basil Stewart
Iconography of minor Hindu and Buddhist deities
Iconography without texts
Hindu iconography in Tantrayāna Buddhism
Dictionary of Buddhist iconography. Vol. 5, (Haakushu - Jyotisp̣rabha ? Buddha)
Dark mirror : the medieval origins of anti-Jewish iconography
Hindu iconography : (based on anthological verses, literature, art and epigraphs)
Dictionary of Buddhist iconography. Vol. 6, (Kabira-jin - Lvaṿap̣aḥi Bdeṃchog)
Origins of religious art & iconography in preclassic Mesoamerica
Symposia : journal for studies in ethnology and anthropology. 2004
The icon : image of the invisible : elements of theology, aesthetics and technique
Past looking : historical imagination and the rhetoric of the image / Michael Ann Holly
Vāstu-Śāstra. Vol. 2, Hindu canons of iconography and painting : with an anthology of Pratimā-lakṣaṇa and Citra-lakṣaṇa as well as an outline history of Indian painting, archaeology and literature
Masterpieces in detail. Vol. 1, From antiquity to the Renaissance
Early Neo-Assyrian state ideology : relations of power in the inscriptions and iconography of Ashurnasirpal II (883-859) and Shalmaneser III (858-824)
