http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p374 examinations (degrees)
examinations (degrees) degrees
Cambridge vocabulary for IELTS with answers : self-study vocabulary practice
How to write a BA thesis : a practical guide from your first ideas to your finished paper
The Bologna Declaration gives opportunities for internationalisation
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : study guide 2007-2008 : for international students
Threshold level 1990
Efficiency of International Degree Programmes' Marketing
The student pilot’s flight manual :  from first flight to private certificate
Cambridge IELTS 9 : authentic examination papers from Cambridge ESOL : with answer
Managing and maintaining Windows 8 : exam 70-688
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : study guide 2009-2010 : for international students
Working as a registered nurse in Finland
The First European Board of Ophthalmology Diploma Examination in Milan, June 1995 : a candidates view : [education]
Equal, but different : an evaluate of the postgraduate polytechnic experiment in Finland : final report
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic, University of Applied Sciences, International Studies [esite]
Assessment in higher education
CCIE routing and switching exam certification guide
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic, Finland, International Studies [esite]
Longman introductory course for the TOEFL test
Journal of the European Higher Education Area : policy, practice and institutional engagement
Structure of vocational forestry education in Finland
Education and mental disorders : a 31-year follow-up in the Northern Finland 1966 birth cohort
RFID+ study guide and practice exam
Abstract.
Routing and switching essentials : course booklet
TOEFL iBT : with CD-ROM
Perspectives and limitations of Finnish higher forestry education in a unifying Europe
Longman preparation course for the TOEFL test. Vol. A : companion to skills and strategies : CBT volume
Changing qualifications : a review of qualifications policies and practices
First certificate masterclass : class audio CDs
Recognition of qualifications taken outside Finland
Sky did not fall : graduate students' perceptions towards the national college entrance exam in the context of higher education development in China
This title considers why summative assessment in English is difficult and explores viewing it as an arts subject rather than one which is quantifiable and assessable objectively. "Testing English" considers why English is such a difficult subject to assess summatively and takes the view that English is an arts subject rather than one which is quantifiable and assessable objectively. Bethan Marshall examines the nature of the subject, the battlegrounds of examinations over the last 100 years and considers some of the solutions that have been put in place to overcome the problem both in the UK and abroad. "Testing English" looks at the way English lends itself to formative assessment in that it actively encourages dialogue with the pupils in the absence of 'right answers'. It explores the complex relationship between formative and summative assessment and considers the relationship in the light of the introduction of Assessing Pupil's Progress (APP). It is an essential reading for postgraduate students and researchers looking at the complexities involved in assessing English.
FCE gold plus : coursebook
Students and qualifications of educational institutions
International Master's Programmes at the University of Oulu : internal evaluation report 2011/2012
Chemical engineering sample exams
Korkeakoulut = Högskolorna = Higher education. 1980-1982
Polytechnic education
Mathematics for the international student : pre-diploma (MYP 5 Plus) : presumed knowledge for SL and HL courses : international baccalaureate middle years programme (MYP 5 Plus)
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
McGraw Hill's GMAT
Towards excellence in teaching : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes in the University of Helsinki
University education
"Citizenship is highly topical and relevant to a number of disciplines including law, politics and sociology. What can a linguistic study contribute to the debate? In this impressive volume a combination of theorists -- linguists, historians and lawyers -- address the subject of citizenship testing in language proficiency and 'cultural' knowledge"--
Improving study skills : a competence approach
Nordic students abroad : student mobility patterns, student support systems and labour market outcomes
Premium. C1 level : coursebook
Hard skills or soft skills? Findings about importance of various skills in work
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Cisco CCNA simplified : your complete guide to passing the CCNA exam CCNA 640-802: what they don't teach you in other books
Competence-based qualifications : information to examination boards and institutions arranging examinations
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
From migrant to citizen : testing language, testing culture
Dilemmas of higher education study reform in the framework of the Bologna process
European glossary on education. Volume 1, Examinations, qualifications and titles
OCR AS business studies. Unit F292, Business functions
Exam ref 70-480 : programming in HTML5 with JavaScript and CSS3
MCTS 70-680 cert guide : Microsoft Windows 7, configuring
First certificate masterclass. Student's book
CISSP - Certified Information Systems Security Professional : study guide
CCNA : Cisco certified network associate fast pass
"Onko tämä sitä creativitya" : a case study of the functions of code switching by IB students in a WhatsApp conversation
Developing attitudes to recognition : substantial differences in an age of globalisation
The framework of the Finnish National Certificates of Language Proficiency 2011 : order 24/011/2011
Understanding idioms : a comparison of Finnish third grade students of national senior secondary school and IB Diploma Programme
Degree regulations of the Helsinki University of Technology
OT exam review manual
Brain train : studying for success
Degree regulations of Helsinki University of Technology
The school and examination system of Finland with some investigations into the secondary school. 1
Translation - The fifth language skill? : a comparison of the role of translation in Finnish lukio and the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme
CAE practice tests plus with key
Academic recognition of higher education entrance, intermediate and final qualifications in the European Community : multilateral and bilateral conventions, unilateral decisions
Cisco CCNA simplified : your complete guide to passing the CCNA exam CCNA 640-802 : what they don't teach you in other books
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : study guide 2010-2011 : for international students
Cambridge IELTS 7 : examination papers University of Cambridge ESOL examinations : English for speakers of other languages
Introduction to networks : course booklet
Six years after : first report on national follow-up survey of ten thousand graduates of British universities in 1960
CCNA routing and switching ICND2 200-105 official cert guide
Labor market performance of dropouts: the role of personality
International degree student guidance and counselling : supporting the international student community at Turku University of Applied Sciences
The framework of the Finnish national foreign language certificate
"The world has gotten smaller" : third year IB high school students' perceptions on the international baccalaureate diploma programme: internationalisation, English medium instruction and career choice
European area of recognition manual : practical guidelines for fair recognition of qualifications
Efficiency of International Degree Programmes' marketing
The official SAT subject tests in mathematics : levels 1 & 2 : study guide
14 days to exam success
National core curriculum for upper secondary vocational education and training and requirements of the competence-based qualification : vocational qualification in metalwork and machinery 2000
Passing the ITIL V3 intermediate exams : the study guide
Kaplan radiography exam: with CD-ROM
Complete advanced : student's book without answers
Science study skills
The CISSP and CAP prep guide : platinum edition
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : study guide 2008-2009 : for international students
Introduction to networks : version 5.1 : course booklet
On the international Baccalaureate and its language programme with emphasis on Finnish B.
Which MBA? ; a critical guide to the world's best programmes
Recognition of higher education qualifications : challenges for the next decade, Forum Role Conference of the Higher Education and Research Committee, Malta, 26-28 October 1994.
Recognition of foreign qualifications in Finland
Chapter 1: The qualification scheme. - Chapter 2: Selecting the appropriate qualification. - Chapter 3: Adult learning principles. - Chapter 4: The right qualification for the right people. - Chapter 5: Course and examination preparation tips. - Chapter 6: Understanding the exam paper. -  Chapter 7: Understanding the question. - Chapter 8: Exploring the syllabus. - Chapter 9: Using scenarios for practice. -Chapter 10: Using exam questions for practice. - Chapter 11: Using answers and rationales for practice.
Beyond the white paper : the case for a unified system at 16+ : conference report
CCNP : 100 success secrets:  Cisco certified network professional; the missing training, exam study, certification preparation and CCNP application guide
Foreign degree students of UAS Seinäjoki Business School: : Motives for choosing Finland and UAS Seinäjoki
MOS study guide for Microsoft Office 365
Polytechnic education in Finland : background report
Caleb's crossing
The real MCTS/MCITP Exam 70-649 : upgrading your MCSE on Windows Server 2003 to Windows server 2008 : prep kit
Evaluation of the study programme for MSc in forestry at the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences : report by the Committee for Undergraduate Studies in Forestry, Faculty of Forestry, Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences
Summary.
IT project+ : study guide
Premium. C1 level : workbook
Between dreams and reality : the military examination in late Chosŏn Korea, 1600-1894
Configuring advanced Windows server 2012 services : exam 70-412 : lab manual
Working life correspondence of the curriculum in the Degree Programme in Facility Management
The Longman guide to English language examinations
Recognition of foreign teaching qualifications in Finland
The Student Pilot's Flight Manual : From First Flight to Private Certificate
International conference of States for the adoption of a convention on the recognition of studies, diplomas and degrees in higher education in the Arab States : Paris, 18-22 December 1978 : final report
How to prepare for the TOEFL test : test of English as a foreign language
Love and forgiveness in the global community : designing Master's Degree in Global Health Care - Master of Health Care
Configuring Windows 8 : exam 70-687
Cliffs TOEFL preparation guide
ESU Framework : performance scales for English language examinations
Educational structure of population
Quality handbook of higher education in Finland and Russia
Progress of studies
First Certificate practice tests plus with key
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
A picture of radiography education across Europe
The Nelson proficiency course
Guideline on national requirements for the qualification of professional accountants
Equal, but different : an evaluation of the postgraduate polytechnic experiment in Finland : final report
Hotel and catering education in Britain
The French baccalauréat professionnel
MCSE : Windows NT server 4 enterprise : exam 70-068
Agora-1 : raising the level of diplomas and their distribution on the labour market: the lessons of the past and prospects for the future
Support Services for International Degree Students
MCITP Windows server 2008 enterprise administration core requirements : self-paced training kit (exams 70-640, 70-642, 70-643, 70-647)
Sustainability focused Master Degree Programme and Master's Thesis
Grammar for IELTS with answers : self-study grammar reference and practice
The first certificate creative writing disc
Profiles and records of achievement : a review of issues and practice
ITIL 2011 edition : a pocket guide
The International Master of Business Administration program 1994.
Assessing adult learning : a guide for practitioners
Advanced CISSP® prep guide : exam Q & A
Studying for a Degree : how to succeed as a mature student in higher education
Testing English : formative and summative approaches to English assessment
The challenge of culture in student exchange : case H.O.T.E.L. Atlantis, first cohort
Private sector's appreciation of BBA and MBA degrees
LearningExpress®'s GRE® test success in only 5 steps!
Making sense of college grades
Purpose    To establish an understanding of radiography education across Europe by surveying higher education institutions registered as affiliate members of the European Federation of Radiography Societies (EFRS).    Method    An online survey was developed to ascertain data on: curricula, duration, credit load, accreditation requirements, staff qualifications, staff and student exchange opportunities, and availability of postgraduate programmes. Responses were identifiable in terms of educational institution and country. All 46 affiliated educational institutions were invited to participate in the survey. Descriptive and thematic analyses are reported.    Results    A response rate of 89.1% (n = 41) was achieved from educational institutions representing 21 countries. The majority of institutions (63.4%) offer a combined Medical Imaging, Radiotherapy and Nuclear Medicine programme; dedicated Medical Imaging programmes are offered by 14 institutions (34.2%); dedicated Radiotherapy programme by one institution (2.4%), and a dedicated Nuclear Medicine programme by only three institutions (6.5%). The Bologna (Bachelor) cycle has been adopted by 90.2% of responding institutions. The majority of institutions (53.7%) indicated programmes of 3 years in duration, others stated 3.5–4 years. Only 14.6% of institutions require 'International Level' accreditation for the Bachelors radiography programme. Postgraduate programmes were not offered by 26.8% of institutions and a deficit in Doctoral status for radiography educators was identified.    Conclusions    The Bologna (Bachelor) cycle for radiography education has been adopted across the majority of institutions, however, full alignment remains a priority. Postgraduate radiography education opportunities across Europe appear to be insufficient and further investigation of radiography accreditation processes is justified to ensure harmonisation of practice.
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Up to the mark : a study of the examination game
Premium. B2 level : coursebook
The Canadian registered nurse exam prep guide
The GRE® test for dummies
The personal MBA : a world-class business education in a single volume
A general system for the recognition of higher education diplomas : proposal for a Council Directive transmitted by the Commission on 9 July 1985 (based on COM(85) 355 final)
Double Degree Programmes in the Internationalisation in Higher Education Institutions : Case Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences,  Business School
"So much more  than just a web course"
Insight into IELTS : the Cambridge IELTS course
