http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3750 nervous system
nervous system
Music therapy in Parkinson's disease
Effects of exercise intensity on recovery of autonomic nervous system immediately after exercise and during sleep, and on subjective and objective sleep quality
Neurobiology of respiration
Autonomic nervous system responses during a relationship enrichment intervention
Neuroscience : fundamentals for rehabilitation
Neuromuscular fatigue after short-term maximal run in child, youth, and adult athletes
Fundamentals of children's anatomy and physiology : a textbook for nursing and healthcare students
The nervous body : na introduction to the autonomic nervous system and behaviour
Neuroprotective agents : fifth international conference
Development of small molecule inhibitors for prolyl oligopeptidase
Perspectives of motor behavior and its neural basis
Expression and stability of myelin-associated elements
Discussions on intimate partner violence and electrodermal activity in couple therapy
"In science, sometimes it is best to keep things simple. Initially discrediting the discovery of neurons in jellyfish, mid-nineteenth-century scientists grouped jellyfish, comb-jellies, hydra, and sea anemones together under one term--"coelenterates"--and deemed these animals too similar to plants to warrant a nervous system. In Dawn of the Neuron, Michel Anctil shows how Darwin's theory of evolution completely eradicated this idea and cleared the way for the modern study of the neuron. Once zoologists accepted the notion that varying levels of animal complexity could evolve, they began to use simple-structured creatures such as coelenterates and sponges to understand the building blocks of more complicated nervous systems. Dawn of the Neuron provides fascinating insights into the labours and lives of scientists who studied coelenterate nervous systems over several generations, and who approached the puzzling origin of the first nerve cells through the process outlined in evolutionary theory. Anctil also reveals how these scientists, who were willing to embrace improved and paradigm-changing scientific methods, still revealed their cultural backgrounds, their societal biases, and their attachments to schools of thought and academic traditions while presenting their ground-breaking work. Their attitudes toward the neuron doctrine--where neurons are individual, self-contained cells--proved decisive in the exploration of how neurons first emerged. Featuring photographs and historical sketches to illustrate this quest for knowledge, Dawn of the Neuron is a remarkably in-depth exploration of the link between Darwin's theory of evolution and pioneering studies and understandings of the first evolved nervous systems."--Dust jacket.
Heparin-binding growth-associated molecule (HB-GAM) in activity-dependent neuronal plasticity in hippocampus
The sleep quality of children with ADHD type of symptoms : a study on body motility
The peripheral mind : philosophy of mind and the peripheral nervous system
Quick reference neuroscience for rehabilitation professionals : the essential neurologic principles underlying rehabilitation practice
Nervous system of parasitic nematodes
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar--your brain's silent killers
Reaching down the rabbit hole : extraordinary journeys into the human brain
Dermo neuro modulating : manual treatment for peripheral nerves and especially cutaneous nerves
Noninvasive methods to study autonomic nervous control of circulation
Neurological changes in pernicious tapeworm anaemia
Neural networks : theoretical foundations and analysis
Introduction to neural and cognitive modeling
Biopsy Diagnosis of Peripheral Neuropathy
Introduction to electromyography and nerve conduction testing : a laboratory manual
An introduction to neural computing
Regulation of neural progenitor cell proliferation and fate by proteolytic pathways and inflammatory signals in the brain
New insights to the brain functions of prolyl oligopeptidase
Clinical neurodynamics : a new system of musculosceletal treatment
It is now possible to witness human brain activity while we are talking, reading, or thinking, thanks to revolutionary neuroimaging techniques like magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). These groundbreaking advances have opened infinite fields of investigation--into such areas as musical perception, brain development in utero, and faulty brain connections leading to psychiatric disorders--and have raised unprecedented ethical issues. In Looking Inside the Brain, one of the leading pioneers of the field, Denis Le Bihan, offers an engaging account of the sophisticated interdisciplinary research in physics, neuroscience, and medicine that have led to the remarkable neuroimaging methods that give us a detailed look into the human brain. Introducing neurological anatomy and physiology, Le Bihan walks readers through the historical evolution of imaging technology--from the X-ray and CT scan to the PET scan and MRI--and he explains how neuroimaging uncovers afflictions like stroke or cancer and the workings of higher-order brain activities, such as language skills. Le Bihan also takes readers on a behind-the-scenes journey through NeuroSpin, his state-of-the-art neuroimaging laboratory, and goes over the cutting-edge scanning devices currently being developed. Considering what we see when we look at brain images, Le Bihan weighs what might be revealed about our thoughts and unconscious, and discusses how far this technology might go in the future. Beautifully illustrated in color, Looking Inside the Brain presents the trailblazing story of the scanning techniques that provide keys to previously unimagined knowledge of our brains and our selves. – WorldCat.
An introduction to neurotransmission in health and disease
Huntington's disease in Finland : epidemologic, genetic and clinical studies
The facial nerve in temporal bone and lateral skull base microsurgery
Histochemical and electron microscopical observations on catecholamines in developing sympathetic ganglion
Examination of peripheral nerve injuries : an anatomical approach
Out of your mind : the links between brain and body
Gut : the inside story of our body's most under-rated organ
Neuroanatomy through clinical cases
The CIBA collection of medical illustrations. Vol. 1, A compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy of the nervous system
Distribution and function of GABA receptor ρ subunits in the rat nervous system
Introduction to neuropharmacology
The peripheral nervous system
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy. Tables of muscles, joints and nerves
Neuroscience for rehabilitation
Cardiovascular autonomic function in coronary artery disease patients with and without type 2 diabetes:significance of physical activity and exercise capacity
The structure and function of nervous tissue. 1, Structure 1
The enteric nervous system
Neuronal synapse formation regulated by intercellular adhesion molecules-5 (ICAM-5)
Encyclopedia of neuroscience
The anatomy of violence : the biological roots of crime
Peripheral nerve stimulation
Clinical application of neuromuscular techniques. Volume 2, The lower body
Rods suppress cone flash responses of mouse ERG in darkness through a mechanism that is removed by mesopic light or by blocking gap junctions
A translational study on the roles of redox molecules, cell cycle regulators and chemokine receptors as prognostic factors in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma
Molecular and cellular mechanisms behind juvenile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (JNCL, Batten disease)
Clinical anatomy & physiology for veterinary technicians
Comparative invertebrate neurochemistry
Principles of physiology : a scientific foundation of physiotherapy
The neuronal cell adhesion molecule ICAM-5
Neural contribution to postactivation potentiation
Effects of monoamine uptake inhibitors given early postnatally on monoamines in the brain stem, caudate/putamen and cortex, and dopamine D1 and D2 receptors in the caudate/putamen
Elements of molecular neurobiology
Sensory nerve ingrowth during bone graft incorporation in the rat
Peripheral latency variation and somatosensory evoked potentials elicited by mechanical stimuli
Structure and function of the myelin enzyme 2',3'-cyclic nucleotide 3'-phosphodiesterase
Neuroanatomy of basal bilaterians (Xenoturbellida, Nemertodermatida, Acoela) and its phylogenetic implications
Cardiovascular autonomic function tests : responses in healthy subjects and determination of the age-related reference values
Neuropeptides of the autonomic nervous system in Sjögren's syndrome
The neuro-muscular system in trematodes : from larvae to adult
At the fascinating frontiers of neurobiology, mathematics and psychophysics, this book addresses the problem of human and computer vision on the basis of cognitive modeling. After recalling the physics of light and its transformation through media and optics, Hérault presents the principles of the primate's visual system in terms of anatomy and functionality. Then, the neuronal circuitry of the retina is analyzed in terms of spatio-temporal filtering. This basic model is extended to the concept of neuromorphic circuits for motion processing and to the processing of color in the retina. For more in-depth studies, the adaptive non-linear properties of the photoreceptors and of ganglion cells are addressed, exhibiting all the power of the retinal pre-processing of images as a system of information cleaning suitable for further cortical processing. As a target of retinal information, the primary visual area is presented as a bank of filters able to extract valuable descriptors of images, suitable for categorization and recognition and also for local information extraction such as saliency and perspective. All along the book, many comparisons between the models and human perception are discussed as well as detailed applications to computer vision.
Risk assessment for neurobehavioral toxity : the 11th Workshop of the Scientific Group on Methodologies for the Safety Evaluation of Chemicals and the 19th Rochester International Conference on Environmental Toxity : June 12-17, 1994, Rochester, NY
Individual adaptation to endurance training guided by heart rate variability
Mobility, sitting posture and reaching movements in children with myelomeningocele
Smart but stuck : emotions in teens and adults with ADHD
"Quick Reference Neuroscience for Rehabilitation Professionals: The Essential Neurologic Principles Underlying Rehabilitation Practice, Second Edition is a user-friendly, comprehensive text that specifically addresses the key information needed to understand the neuroscience of clinical rehabilitation. This updated Second Editions designed to provide complex information in a quick, easy-to-use format that is beneficial to students and rehabilitation professionals." "Dr. Sharon A. Gutman designed Quick Reference Neuroscience for Rehabilitation Professionals, Second Edition to provide easy-to-understand explanations of complex neurologic phenomena. The text describes basic neuroanatomical structures and functions, neuropathology underlying specific clinical conditions, and theories supporting clinical treatment." "Including accessible information, color illustrations, new test questions, and updated features, Quick Reference Neuroscience for Rehabilitation Professionals: The Essential Neurologic Principles Underlying Rehabilitation Practice, Second Edition is a dynamic text for all students and clinicians in occupational therapy, physical therapy, and other areas of rehabilitation."--BOOK JACKET.
CDNF and MANF in an experimental model of Parkinson's disease in rats
Roles of GDNF family receptor GFRα2 in the peripheral nervous system
Structure and function of the myelin enzyme 2′,3′-cyclic nucleotide 3′-phosphodiesterase
Methodological and empirical advances in the quantitative analysis of spontaneous responses in psychophysiological time series
The autonomic nervous system : an introduction to basic and clinical concepts
"Respiration is a field of the scientific study that undergoes fast developments. A better understanding of the cellular and neural mechanisms underlying respiratory disorders and lung function is essential for the use of the evidence-based therapy and for optimizing the patient care and prophylactic measures. This book provides a comprehensive update on the basic and clinical respiratory research, and on the detection and management of respiratory pathologies. The molecular signaling lies at the base of the pathophysiology of the respiratory system and therapeutic interventions. The neurobiological studies have just started to unravel the complexities of how the molecular signals are translated into respiratory regulation in health and disease. This book helps translate non-clinical findings into clinical applications. It provides diagnostic tips that help the clinician in qualified decision making and describes novel biomarkers that facilitate diagnosis. The book also tackles the importance of the knowledge of the psychosomatic background of disease in getting the optimal patient outcome. The interventional epidemiological studies included in the book correspond to translational medicine that encompasses the basic and social sciences with the goal to improve the health and quality of life. The chapters presented in the book describe the findings of original studies, which were thoughtfully planned and executed in a controlled manner. The book satisfies a requirement for staying abreast of the latest developments in both scientific and clinical sides of respiratory neurobiology. The book will be an enduring base of reference in the field of respiration for years to come. This book is a required text for respiratory scientists, neuropathologists, and for clinicians searching for 'bench-to-bedside' treatments of respiratory disorders." -- (Back Cover)
Trigeminal foraminal patterns in "skeletal" class II and class III adults - a radiocephaolmetric study
Effects of physical activity on neural markers of attention in children
Canine neurology : diagnosis and treatment
Acute care handbook for physical therapists
Netter's orthopaedic clinical examination : : an evidence-based approach
Tonically active kainate receptors (tKARs) : a novel mechanism regulating neuronal function in the brain
Other minds : the octopus and the evolution of intelligent life
Astroglial cells : role in neurodegenerative-inflammatory processes in the central nervous system
Production of monoclonal antibodies against [gamma]-aminobutyric acid and [alpha]-human calcitonin gene-related peptide : characterization and application to the central and peripheral nervous systems
Upregulation and functionality of neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors
The initial processing of pain and its descending control : spinal and trigeminal systems
Manter and Gatz's essentials of clinical neuroanatomy and neurophysiology
Lippincott's pocket neuroanatomy
The CLN5 disease : protein maturation, trafficking and pathology
The neuroanatomic basis of surgery of the autonomic nervous system
Methodological aspects of use of infrared thermography in healthy individuals and patients with non-specific musculoskeletal disorders
Psychological distress in dyspepsia
Innervation of the cervical spine
Effects of emotional excitement on cardiovascular regulation
Manual therapy for the cranial nerves
Effect of nicotine on dopaminergic neurotransmission and expression of Fos protein
Weight initialization techniques in neural network systems and their application
Reset your child's brain : a four-week plan to end meltdowns, raise grades, and boost social skills by reversing the effects of electronic screen-time
Seasonal psychophysiological stress of teachers related to age and aerobic fitness
the role of neural plasticity in chemical intolerance
Looking inside the brain : the power of neuroimaging
The nervous systems of invertebrates : an evolutionary and comparative approach
Anatomy & movement : fundamentals of : a workbook and guide
Sympathoadrenal response to resistance exercise in men, women and pubescent boys : with special reference to interaction with other hormones and neuromuscular performance
Practical guide for clinical neurophysiologic testing
Primitive nervous systems
Short-term heart rate dynamics : methodology and novel applications
Animal models of neurological disease
Psychotropic medication and functional recovery following cortical stroke in aged rats
Personal machine-to-machine (M2M) healthcare system with mobile device in global networks
Brain & behavior : an introduction to biological psychology
Development, histochemistry and connections of the paracervical (Frankenhäuser) ganglion of the rat uterus : a light and elecron microscopic study
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Functional neuroanatomy : an interactive text and manual
"Peter Godfrey-Smith is a leading philosopher of science. He is also a scuba diver whose underwater videos of warring octopuses have attracted wide notice. In this book, he brings his parallel careers together to tell a bold new story of how nature became aware of itself. Mammals and birds are widely seen as the smartest creatures on earth. But one other branch of the tree of life has also sprouted surprising intelligence: the cephalopods, consisting of the squid, the cuttlefish, and above all the octopus. New research shows that these marvelous creatures display remarkable gifts. What does it mean that intelligence on earth has evolved not once but twice? And that the mind of the octopus is nonetheless so different from our own? Combining science and philosophy with firsthand accounts of his cephalopod encounters, Godfrey-Smith shows how primitive organisms bobbing in the ocean began sending signals to each other and how these early forms of communication gave rise to the advanced nervous systems that permit cephalopods to change colors and human beings to speak. By tracing the problem of consciousness back to its roots and comparing the human brain to its most alien and perhaps most remarkable animal relative, Godfrey-Smith's Other Minds sheds new light on one of our most abiding mysteries." -- Goodreads.com summary.
Dawn of the neuron : the early struggles to trace the origin of nervous systems
Altered cell signaling linked to neurodegeneration : studies on scrapie-infected neuroblastoma cells and activated microglia
Drugs, society and human behavior
Neurology and trauma
Alpha-synuclein as a regulator of synaptic signalling
Janus-faced taurine : neuroprotection and toxicity
Biological psychology
Shattered nerves : how science is solving modern medicine's most perplexing problem
A practical approach to neurophysiologic intraoperative monitoring
Minimizing error sources in multiparametric physiological measurements
Autonomic dysfunction in early and advanced Parkinson's disease
Anatomy and physiology of farm animals
Netter's neurology / edited by H. Royden Jones Jr. ; illustrations by Frank H. Netter ; contributing illustrators, John A. Craig, Carlos A.G. Machado, James A. Perkins ; associate editor for neuroimaging, Richard A. Baker
Clinical neuroscience for rehabilitation
Novel animal models and gene therapy applications for glioblastoma multiforme
EEG oscillations associated with mechanoreceptive responses of single peripheral units in man
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations. 1, Nervous system, part 1: Anatomy and physiology : a compilation of paintings depicting anatomy and embryology, physiology and functional neuroanatomy
Enzymes of central nervous system myelin with special reference to maturation : an experimental study on Guinea-pigs
Nervous control of gastrointestinal motility in the Atlantic cod, Gadus morhua : autonomic pathways and enteric reflexes
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Monoaminergic neurotransmission and behaviour : serotonergic and dopaminergic mechanisms in the mediation of sexual behaviour and an acoustic startle response in the male rat as evaluated by means of ergot and ergot-related drugs
Harrison's neurology in clinical medicine
Sensory physiology : a reaction
The rat nervous system
BIOS Instant Notes in Neuroscience, Third Edition, is the perfect text for undergraduates looking for a concise introduction to the subject, or a study guide to use before examinations. Each topic begins with a summary of essential facts-an ideal revision checklist-followed by a description of the subject that focuses on core information, with clear, simple diagrams that are easy for students to understand and recall in essays and exams. BIOS Instant Notes in Neuroscience, Third Edition, is fully up-to-date and covers: Organization of the Nervous System Neuron Excitation Synapses Neurotransmitters Elements of Neural Computing Somatosensory Systems Vision Hearing Smell and Taste Motor Function: Spinal Cord and Brainstem Movement: Cortex, Cerebellum and Basal Ganglia Neuroendocrinology and Autonomic Functions Brain and Behaviour Learning and Memory Neuroscience Methods.
The second brain : a groundbreaking new understanding of nervous disorders of the stomach and intestine
Monitoring heart rate derived indices and DC-potential of the brain over a 12-week endurance training period in recreational runners
Information processing in acute psychosis
Holographic healing : 5 keys to nervous system consciousness (volume 1)
Neurogenesis in the adult brain. 2, Clinical Implications
Neurocognitive functioning and social competence in preschool children with epilepsy
Superfluous expression of tryptophan hydroxylase in the zona incerta dopaminergic neurones
Novel strategies for spinal cord injury repair
Recovery from acute stress induced by competition and exercise in cross-country skiers
Neural modeling : electrical signal processing in the nervous system
Epileptic activity detection in EEG with neural networks
The effect of Pilates training on autonomic nervous system
The potential of prolyl oligopeptidase as a drug target
Assessment of heart rate variability as an indicator of cardiovascular autonomic dysregulation in subjects with chronic epilepsy
The structure and function of nervous tissue. 2, Structure 2 and physiology
The role of the silent moments in relational conflict situation in multi-actor therapy dialogue
Peripheral nerve injuries on the athlete
Heart rate variability as a physiological indicator or mental toughness
Comparison of immunohistochemical localization of [Met5]enkephalin-Arg6-Gly7-Leu8, [Met5]enkephalin, neuropeptide Y and vasoactive intestinal polypeptide in the superior cervical ganglion of the rat
Autonomic nerves : basic science, clinical aspects, case studies
Roles of mammalian scribble in polarity signaling, virus offense and cell-fate determination
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 1, Neurophysiology : vol. 1
Provides information in the very active field of research on the rodent brain, spinal cord and peripheral nervous system. The structure, connections, and function are explained in exquisite detail, making this an essential book for any graduate student or scientist working on the rat or mouse nervous system.
Barr's the human nervous system : an anatomical viewpoint
Motivation, emotion and goal direction in neural networks
Color atlas and textbook of human anatomy. 3, Nervous system and sensory organs
Speeding up the course of the neuromuscular block
Comprehensive insect physiology, biochemistry and pharmacology. Volume 6, Nervous system : sensory
Neurogenic inflammation
The anatomy of the nervous system : its development and function
Studies of c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase action in the nervous system
Physiology of the nervous system
The discovery of adult neurogenesis caused a paradigm shift in the neurosciences. For more than 100 years, it was believed that adult neurons do not regenerate. Joseph Altman and Fernando Nottebohm found proof to the contrary and changed the course of history. Their research, included here, provides the foundations of the field. Today, adult neurogenesis is a rapidly expanding discipline applicable to the study of brain development and diseases, learning and memory, aging, and neuropsychiatric disorders. With multiple authors, the 27 chapters of this book contain the latest work in two volumes. The first presents the basic biology of adult neurogenesis in non-mammalian vertebrates and in the mammalian hippocampus and olfactory bulb, and the second discusses clinical implications and delves into adult neurogenesis and brain injury as well as neurodegenerative and neuropsychiatric pathologies. With details of the anatomy, physiology, and molecular biology of the two neurogenic brain regions, this book provides indispensable knowledge for many areas of neuroscience and for experimental and clinical applications of adult neurogenesis to brain therapy.
Physiology of behavior
Neuroanatomy and neurophysiology : a review
A spider's world : senses and behavior
Super brain : unleashing the explosive power of your mind to maximize health, happiness, and spiritual well-being
Vision : images, signals and neural networks: models of neural processing in visual perception
5-Hydroxytryptamine-immunoreactive nerve fibers in the rat and porcine prevertebral sympathetic ganglia : effect of precursor loading and relation to catecholaminergic neurons
Comprehensive insect physiology, biochemistry and pharmacology. Volume 5, Nervous system : structure and motor function
Characterisation of dopamine neurons of the murine ventral tegmental area in primary culture and acute dissociations
Biological psychology : an illustrated survival guide
Putrescine accumulation in mouse central nervous system : neuroprotection at the expense of learning deficiency
Anaplastic lymphoma kinase signalling in nervous system development
Computational analysis of small non-coding RNAs in model systems
Changes in nocturnal heart rate variability and endurance performance during a high-intensity or high-volume endurance training period in recreational endurance runners
Introduction to the neurologic examination
Correlative neuroanatomy and functional neurology
HyperBrain
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 1, Neurophysiology : vol. 3
Effect of sciatic nerve section on neural ingrowth into the rat tibial fracture callus
Long-term outcome after removal of spinal neurofibroma
The human nervous system : structure and function
Ultrastructure of the peripheral nervous system and sense organs : atlas of normal and pathologic anatomy
First encyclopedia of the human body
The human brain
Emotional reactivity to the first and second language : effects of sentence valence and relatedness to the self
The human body book
Characterization of Drosophila melanogaster Manf : an evolutionarily conserved neurotrophic factor
Human physiology : an integrated approach
Axonal transport of nitric oxide synthase in autonomic nerves
Effects of muscle action type on corticospinal excitability and triceps surae muscle-tendon mechanics
Dietary trans fatty acids and their influence on brain and nervous tissue
Autonomic Nervous System; Communication, language and speech; Disease and Dysfunction; Evolution and Comparative Biology of Nervous Systems; History; Intercellular Communication; Methods and Techniques; Molecular and Cell Biology of Nervous Systems; Motor Neuromuscular System; Nervous System Development, Repair and Aging; Neural Basis of Behavior; Sensory Systems; Structural Organization of the Brain
Neural systems in light of distribution codes and information theory
