http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3759 Asteraceae
Asteraceae Compositae
Four new species of Hieracium (Asteraceae) from southern Sweden
Phylogenetic analysis of Jurinea (Asteraceae) species from Turkey based on ISSR amplification
ERRATA : lectotypification of names of Hieracium (Asteraceae) described from the Swedish province of Värmland
Centaurea glabro-auriculata (Asteraceae), a new species from Turkey
Taxonomic notes on the genus Chrysolaena (Vernonieae, Asteraceae), including a new species endemic to Paraguay
Advances in compositae systematics
Lectotypification of names of Hieracium (Asteraceae) described from the Swedish province of Värmland
Centaurea phrygia subsp. phrygia as a German polemochore in Sør-Varanger, NE Norway, with notes on other taxa of similar origin
Systematics, evolution, and biogeography of the Compositae
"Hieracium sublividum" (Asteraceae) - more than one species
Flora of Pakistan. 210, Asteraceae (II) Inulae, Plucheeae & Gnaphalieae
Glandular hairs of the ovary : a helpful character for Asteroideae (Asteraceae) taxonomy?
Generic and subtribal classification of American Vernonieae
Anacyclus anatolicus (Asteraceae), a new species from Turkey
Centaurea ertugruliana (Asteraceae), a new species from Turkey
Embryology of Helianthus annuus (Asteraceae)
Regional distribution and local abundance in the grassland plant Carlina vulgaris in two landscapes in Sweden
Compositae : systematics : proceedings of the International Compositae Conference, Kew, 1994. Vol. 1
Chrysanthemums
Systematics of the Blennospermatinae (Asteraceae, Senecioneae)
Taxonomic revision of the Chiliotrichum group sensu stricto (Compositae: Astereae)
Asteraceae of Sikkim
Taxonomy of Eupatorium section Vercillata (Asteraceae)
Helichrysum yurterianum (Asteraceae, Inuleae), a new species from NE Anatolia, Turkey
Baccharis malmei (Asteraceae), a new species from southeastern Brazil
New species and combinations in Hieracium (Asteraceae) from southern Sweden
Chromosome numbers and reproductive systems in selected species of Hieracium and Pilosella (Asteraceae) from Romania
Flora of Peru. Family Asteraceae. Part 6
Parasenecio weinigensis (Asteraceae), a new species from Guizhou, SW China
Flora of Pakistan. 207, Asteraceae (I) - Anthemideae
Glandular hairs and secretory ducts of Matricaria chamomilla (Asteraceae) : morphology and histochemistry
Two new species of Centaurea (Asteraceae) from Turkey
Taxonomic and nomenclatural notes on Hieracium tubulare (Asteraceae) with description of a new species from the Eastern Carpathians
Hieracia balcanica. 4, The correct names for Hieracium oreades Heuff. (Asteraceae)
Evolutionary studies in asterids evolution emphasising Euasterids II
Flora of North America : north of Mexico. 7, Magnoliophyta : Salicaceae to Brassicaceae
Compositae : biology & utilization : proceedings of the International Compositae Conference, Kew, 1994. Vol. 2
Flora of China. Vol. 20-21, Asteraceae
