http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3756 biomanipulation
biomanipulation
Plant genetic manipulation for crop protection
ABC of the horse : biomechanics
Mobilisation of the nervous system
Handbook of ecological restoration. Vol. 2, Restoration in practice
Public participation in technology assessment in France
Lake restoration and trophic interactions : is the classical food chain theory sufficient?
Handbook of ecological restoration. 1, Principles of restoration
The role of perch (Perca fluviatilis L.) in the food web of the long term biomanipulated Bautzen reservoir
Life of Lake Vesijärvi : from successful biomanipulation to sustainable management
Musculoskeletal manual medicine : diagnosis and treatment
Clinical biomechanics of spinal manipulation
Fish communities in South-Finnish lakes and their responses to biomanipulation assessed by experimental gillnetting
Designer biology : the ethics of intensively engineering biological and ecological systems
Zooplankton growth and trophic linkages : implications for fish feeding conditions in the Baltic Sea
Abstract.
The world according to Monsanto : pollution, corruption, and the control of our food supply
Frankenstein's footsteps : science, genetics and popular culture
The Dorset food web piscivore manipulation project
Global change in multispecies systems. Part 2
Long-term nutrient load management and lake restoration : case of Säkylän Pyhäjärvi (SW Finland)
Mechanisms and applications of disulfide bond formation
Transgenic animals - why?
Impacts of biomanipulation on lake ecosystem structure revealed by stable isotope analysis
Interactions between roach (Rutilus rutilus (L.)) stock and water quality in lake Vesijärvi (southern Finland)
Eutrophication : research and application to water supply
Shallow Lakes '95 : trophic cascades in shallow freshwater and brackish lakes
Life of Lake Vesijärvi : from successful biomanipulation to sustainable management. Timo Kairesalo ... [et al.]
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 7, Biomanipulation in lakes and reservoirs management
Principles of gene manipulation : an introduction to genetic engineering
Hungry for profit : the agribusiness threat to farmers, food, and the environment
