http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3764 child's status
child's status
Childhood studies : a reader in perspectives of childhood
Accounting for the persistence of widespread child labour amidst high economic growth in post-1991 economic reform India including a case study of Karur District, Tamil Nadu
Childhood as a social phenomen : national report : Finland
Street children in Kenya : voices of children in search of a childhood
Poverty and single parent families : a study of minimal subsistance household budgets
The exploited child
Annual report 2006 : Swaziland
Improving the quality of childhood in the Europe. Volume 6
Childism : confronting prejudice against children
Children at work : problems and policy options
Children and women in Uganda : a situation analysis
The philosopher's child : critical perspectives in the Western tradition
Thatcher's children? : politics, childhood and society in the 1980s and 1990s
The state of the world's children 1995
Child development
Proportionality and best interests : calibrating the twin pillars of child justice in Nigeria
Divorce and the special needs child
A school like mine : a unique celebration of schools around the world
Children in new China
Debating children's lives : current controversies on children and adolescents
Social work practice with children
Transforming nursery education
Geeta's day : from dawn to dusk in an Indian village
The railway children
Introduces children from around the world and describes what school life is like for them. Suggested level: primary, intermediate.
Excerpt from Learning from Families  on the Edge : Case Studies on Families of Street Children in South and Southeast Asia
Children and the environment : The state of the environment 1990.
Systemic violence : how schools hurt children
But in this twilight our choices seal our fate : the interplay of autonomy and dignity in defining the international legal response to the beginning of life
The essential guide to... children & separation : surviving divorce & family break-up
Making sense of quality : a review of approaches to quality in early childhood services
Children in charge : the child's right to a fair hearing
The Palgrave handbook of childhood studies
Children in English society. Vol. 2, From the eighteenth century to the Children Act 1948
Caring for children : challenge to America
Children
My sense of silence : Memoirs of a childhood with deafness
The state of the world's children
Child and family advocacy : bridging the gaps between research, practice, and policy
We are all the same, but .. : Kenyan and Swedish school children's views on children's rights
Against child labour : Indian and international dimensions and strategies
Boushra's day : from dawn to dusk in an Egyptian village
Today, cohabiting relationships account for most births outside marriage. But what was the situation in earlier centuries? Bringing together leading historians, demographers and lawyers, this interdisciplinary collection draws on a wide range of sources to examine the changing context of non-marital child-bearing in England and Wales since 1600.
Cohabitation and non-marital births in England and Wales, 1600-2012
The dark side of families : current family violence research
The state of the world's children 1996
Children's rights
Because I am a girl : the state of the world's girls 2007.
By the sweat & toil of children. Vol. 1, The use of child labor U.S. manufactured and mined imports
The state of the world's children 1997
Children : the invisible soldiers
Children of chaos >* : [surviving the end of the world as we know it]
Children in care : the development of the service for the deprived child
Help your children cope with your divorce
The stolen generations : the removal of Aboriginal children in New South Wales 1883 to 1969
Sexual abuse of children in Finland
The guide for separated parents : putting your children first
The state of the worldʼs children : special edition
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Implementing child rights in early childhood' : a guide to general comment 7
A thousand splendid suns
Deaf around the world : the impact of language
Little princes : one man's promise to bring home the lost children of Nepal
Young children's rights : exploring beliefs, principles and practice
Careers working with children and young people
A school like mine : a celebration of schools around the world
Children's rights in practice
Child labour : targeting the intolerable
Children on the way from marginality towards citizenship : childhood policies : conceptual and practical issues : international seminar, Montebello, Canada, 16-20 October 1995
Feeding China's little emperors : food, children, and social change
Socioeconomic stress, health and child nutritional status in Zimbabwe at a time of economic structural adjustment : a three year longitudinal study
The children of the nation : how their health and vigour should be promoted by the state
Child and youth policy programme 2012-2015
Children of other worlds : exploitation in the global market
Last in line, last in school 2008 : how donors can support education for children affected by conflict and emergencies
Young children learning
Play your rights
Contesting childhood
Child labor and the transition between school and work
Singing from the same hymn sheet? : a closer look at the framing of human trafficking by counter-traffiking actors in Lao PDR
Improving the quality of childhood in the Europe 2014. Volume 5
A Finland fit for children : the National Finnish Plan of Action called for the special session on children of the UN General Assembly
Children, rights and the law
Better future for children - today : FICE 2008 Congress : [plenary presentations] : 60 years of international cooperation for children in care : Helsinki, June 11-13, 2008.
Early childhood education : an introduction
Country programme action plan 2006-2010
Child soldiers : from violence to protection
All the children of the world
We are all born free : the universal declaration of human rights in pictures
Social determinants of mortality from childhood to early adulthood
Improving the quality of childhood in the Europe 2013. Volume 4
From needs to competencies : a case study on the integration of a rights based approach into NGO practises
Street life
The state of the world's children 1994
Child problems among the Arabs : studies in a Muhammadan village in Palestine
Developmental and autonomy rights of children : empowering children, caregivers and communities
Figurations : child, bodies, worlds
W is for world : a round-the-world ABC
Child custody and the politics of gender
The African child and his environment
Child well-being, child poverty and child policy in modern nations : what do we know?
Cássio's day : from dawn to dusk in a Brazilian village
The children we deserve : love and hate in the making of the family
Adjustment with a human face. Vol. 1, Protecting the vulnerable and promoting growth
