http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3777 national pensions
national pensions
English summary.
Summary (s. 40-41). - Abstract: Persons having completed a rehabilitation programme funded by the Social Insurance Institution of Finland in 2003.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
The Social Insurance Institution of Finland : experiences with a performance bonus experiment in 2006
The economic implications of aging societies : the costs of living happily ever after
Maintaining prosperity in an ageing society
The welfare state as piggy bank : information, risk, uncertainty and the role of the state
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2005
Pension rights in welfare capitalism : the development of old-age pensions in 18 OECD countries 1930 to 1985
For all these rights : business, labor, and the shaping of America's public-private welfare state
Providing adequate retirement income : pension reform in the United States and abroad
Transformations of the welfare state : small countries, big lessons
Social security in Europe : development or dismantlement?
Routledge handbook of globalization studies
The political economy of pension reform : Latin America in comparative perspective
Pension reform : a short guide
Public and private pensions : the Scandinavian countries in a comparative perspective
The future of the welfare state : European and global perspectives
Ageing and pension reform around the world : evidence from eleven countries
Essays on the structure of social protection financing
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2004 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2004.
Outcome orientation in the development of management methods at Kela - the Social Insurance Institution, Finland
The Finnish pension journal
Pension policies and public debt in dynamic CGE models
The nordic model of welfare : a historical reappraisal
Alvar Aalto elevating the everyday : The Social Insurance Institution Headquarters designed by Alvar Aalto celebrates its 50th anniversary
Stress in the multi-ethnic customer contacts of the Finnish civil servants : developing critical pragmatic intercultural professionals
Family and the welfare state in Europe : intergenerational relations in ageing societies
Community care for older people : a comparative perspective
International Tax Thursday 9. September 1993.
The development of cause-specific disability pensions in Finland 1972-1978
International Tax Thursday 26. September 1991
Kela through a macroscope : application of multilevel service design framework in unemployment security services
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Studies on wage differentials and labour market transitions
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2009 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2009.
Age, work and social security
Retirement in industrialized societies : social, psychological and health factors
Public pensions, pension reform and fiscal policy
Essays on taxation : evidence from tax reforms
Social security schemes administered by Kela 2010-2060 : actuarial report
European economy. Reports and studies. 1998, 3, Income benefits for early exit from the labour market in eight European countries - a comparative study
European economy. Reports and studies. 1996, 3, Ageing and pension expenditure prospects in the western world
National disability insurance programs in fourteen countries
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2010 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2010.
Statutory pensions in Finland : long-term projections 2009
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1999 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 1999 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 1999.
Income benefits for early exit from the labour market in eight European countries : a comparative study
English summary: Social protection in Finland and the role of the Social Insurance Institution (Kela).
Five decades of social security : The Social Insurance Institution of Finland 1937-1987
Demography, pensions and welfare : fertility shocks and the Finnish economy
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1997 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 1997 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 1997.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2006
Statutory pensions in Finland : long-term projections 2007
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2015
Social protection in the 13 candidate countries : a comparative analysis
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
The Finnish pension reform of 2005
Welfare and work in the open economy. Vol. 2, Diverse responses to common challenges
Comparison, measurement, and economization : the origin of the retirement age of 65 in Finland
Pension schemes in the making : a comparative study of the Scandinavian countries
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2008 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2008.
Alvar Aalto em sete edifícios : interpretações do trabalho de um arquitecto = Alvar Aalto in seven buildings : interpretations of an architect's work
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland. 1995.
Social security in an overlapping generations model
Does Finland look landwards or seawards? : the development of the Finnish pension system in light of German and British trends in pension provision
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2002 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2002 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2002.
Evaluation of the Finnish pension system. Part 1, The pension system in Finland : adequacy, sustainability and system design
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland. 2000
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2011 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2011.
Summary (s. 193-198). - Abstract: Making of national pension strategies and the European Union open method of co-operation.
Experience of early exit : a comparative study of the reasons for and consequences of early retirement in Finland and Denmark in 1999-2000
The economics of national insurance
Allocation of rehabilitation measures provided by the Social Insurance Institution of Finland and its efects on work disability among local government employees.
Leisure-time physical activity, health related functioning and retirement : a prospective cohort study among middle-aged employees
Contribution to global environmental governance? : viewpoint from pension funds and United Nations Responsible Investment
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2003 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2003.
Abstract: Using stochastic forecasts in the assessment of the development of the public economy.
Old-age and invalidity pensions in Finland
What is the cost of total pension provision and who pays the bill? : cross-national comparison of pension contributions
The Varieties of pension governance : pension privatization in Europe
Supplementary pensions in the European Union : development, trends and outstanding issues
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2001 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2001 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2001.
Pension politics : consensus and social conflict in ageing societies
Overview : the income security programs of health and welfare Canada : old age security, Canada pension plan, family allowances = Tour d'horizon : les programmes de la sécurité du revenu de sante et bien-être social Canada : sécurité de la vieillesse, régime de pensions du Canada, allocations familiales
The privatization of social policy? : occupational welfare and the welfare state in America, Scandinavia and Japan
Modelling our future : population ageing, social security and taxation
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2007 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2007.
