http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3780 machine shops
machine shops
Machining and CNC technology
Die Vielen Wurzeln von Kumera = The many roots of Kumera = Kumeran monet juuret
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to create a distributor evaluation model with measurable criteria for a Finnish manufacturing company, which conducts marketing, distribution and after-sales activities in export markets through independent distributors. The company is considering entering new markets and one of the major questions the company has encountered in the market entry phase is: How to evaluate and rank the distributor candidates?  The conceptual framework of the thesis compromised of three parts: Theoretical part, qualitative research and final outcome of the thesis. The theoretical part was built on literature and other sources on distribution management, supply chain management and relationship management. They suggest that relationships are the company's most important asset and that proper risk evaluation, both financial and operational, in the partner selection is necessary as being prepared for problems is more efficient than spending precious time in solving problems ad-hoc.  The empirical research was conducted in three phases. First, the researcher interviewed the sales management in the case company about their expectations for an ideal distributor. The second part was to benchmark successful exporters on their processes in selecting, evaluation and maintaining relationships with their distributors. The third part included the introduction of Analytical Hierarchy Process into a distributor selection process. The Analytic hierarchy process is based on human's ability to make decisions on small problems. Based on the case company's expectations and results from benchmarked companies, an ideal distributor profile was drawn. The profile was finally processed using AHP-online software and an evaluation tool with weight of the criteria was created. The tool was tested by submitting information on candidates that the case company previously evaluated when they searched for a distributor in Russia during 2013. The AHP-process demonstrated much clearer difference between the alternatives and changed final ranking order between positions 2 and 3 compared to the original result.  An ideal distributor is an expert in the industry, has an existing customer base and a variety of completing products to serve the target group. Finally, desire and motivation strives distributor to success. Passivation of a distributor is a most common obstacle that exporters face in their distributor relationships. Regular communication and close relationships help to maintain information exchange and sales on desired level.
DeGarmo's materials and processes in manufacturing
The engineering industry : development paths and roles of engineering companies
Fabrication of niobium silicide Nb[sub 5]Si[sub 3] by mechanical alloying and reactive thermal spraying
Geometric dimensioning and tolerancing : workbook and answerbook
Metals handbook. 10, Materials characterization
Metalworking science and engineering
Market potential for customised tools in the German engineering industry
The quality technician's handbook
Nyrkkipajasta konepajaksi : Hollming oy Kankaanpään konepajan historiikki 1969-1999 = From a workshop to an engineering works : a history of Hollming Kankaanpää Engineering Works Ltd 1969-1999
Modern machine shop's guide to machining operations
Illustrated dictionary of metalworking and manufacturing technology
Tolerance stack-up analysis : for plus and minus tolerancing : for geometric dimensioning and tolerancing
Forum Marinum vuosikirja. 2012, Konepajalla : turkulaisen laivamoottorivalmistuksen historiaa = På motorverkstaden : tillverkningen av fartygsmotorer i Åbo = At the engine factory : the history of ship engine manufacturing in Turku
Light Assembly Industry LASSI 1996-1999 : evaluation report
Maintenance engineering handbook
Manufacturing processes for engineering materials
Empirical analyses of inventory intensity in the Finnish engineering industry
Ways of organizing workpiece and information flows in flexible manufacturing of rotational workpieces
Tampella : Tampere's heart of iron
Light Assembly Industry LASSI 1996-1999 : final report
Wörterbuch Maschinenbau und Tribologie : Deutsch - English / Englisch - Deutch = Dictionary machine engineering and tribology : german - english / english - german
Paineilman käyttö konepajateollisuudessa = The use of compressed air in workshops
Information flow management in sheet metal workshops
Railway wagon market analysis and new multi-purpose wagon solution for freight transports : Finnish manufacturing perspective
Metal forming handbook
An automated fixture design and formation system for small-batch or single-product production. The first part, Automatic fixture layout planning
Technology of machine tools
Putkityöt konepajatuotteiden valmistuksessa = Pipeworking as a part of manufacturing work-shop products
Metalworking fluids : allergens, exposure, and skin and respiratory effects
Maatalouskoneita 50 vuotta = Fifty years of agricultural machinery
Manufacturing engineering handbook
Pk-teollisuuden kunnossapitopalvelukonseptin kehittämisestä = Development of a maintenance service concept for small and medium-sized industry
Die vielen Wurzeln von Kumera : 50 Jahre Noricumwerke Cless, Graz 1898-1948 = The many roots of Kumera : 50 years Noricumwerke Cless, Graz 1898-1948 = Kumeran monet juuret : 50 vuotta Noricumwerke Cless, Graz 1898-1948
Finnish engineering industry companies and the European integration : the impact of the economic integration in Western Europe on the activities of Finnish engineering industry companies
Manufacturing technology. Vol. 2
The role of surface preparation on durability of adhesively bonded aluminium
Newnes mechanical engineer's pocket book
Handbook of die design
CNC programming handbook : a comprehensive guide to practical CNC programming
Intelligent energy field manufacturing : interdisciplinary process innovations
Distributor evaluation model for new markets
Utilizing online demand generation in an engineering company
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
Tekniset toimitusmääräykset - työstökoneet = Technical conditions of delivery - machine tools
The synthesis of [gamma]-based TiAl intermetallic compound by mechanical alloying, HIPing and plasma spraying
Geometric dimensioning and tolerancing : applications and techniques for use in design, manufacturing and inspection
A comprehensive survey of fixture design
ChiFiLog. Part 3, Proposal for solutions for a Finnish PSP in China
Handbook of mathematical, scientific, and engineering formulas, tables, functions, graphs, transforms
Business plan 2012-2016 : case company: X Group
In engineering industry, the markets, customer needs and the competitive conditions are  changing increasing speed. If companies like to be profitable, growth or even survive in  these environment changes, organisation core processes must be fluent and work the  most efficient way.In solving given problem of optimal core processes, it was carefully analysed a  particular business area, customer's needs and current status of our own organisational  systems. The definitions of these systems can be simply described as any process that  converts inputs to outputs and add value both to our company and to our customer.  Based to the business area; company, products, customers and competitors analyses it  was formulated company's mission, vision and strategy for the future. Thirdly, based to  the all collected data and created strategy it was determined a successful operating  model, i.e. core processes which enables achieving mission and vision statements.  Adoption of these studies shall lead higher effectiveness, quality level and profitability  in operations. Additionally operative model shall be adapted to potential joint venture  companies. The main improvements comparing the past are clear modes of action and responsibility  roles in customer service, order intake, purchase, manufacturing and shipment  processes.
Synopsis: The new edition of DeGarmo's Materials and Processes in Manufacturing focuses on updates and more coverage of non-metallic materials, sustainability, lean manufacturing, rapid prototyping and revised end of chapter and case study content. It emphasizes application and design, present mathematical models and analytic equations sparingly and uses case studies to highlight real world examples of manufacturing. Other revisions and updates include the addition of frontend Learning Objectives; elimination of weak problems and addition of new problems; more relevant and current case studies as well as additional new ones where appropriate; new chapter on Rapid Prototyping; expanded coverage of non-metallic materials such as composites, polymers, etc. ; a discussion about sustainability and green, and engineering and how it relates to manufacturing; coverage of lean manufacturing and production; and updated references and chapter summaries.
Strategy process and a succesfull operating model
Abstract (1 s.).
Development of NC-turret punch presses with process monitoring system based on sensor technology and machine vision for integration into FMSs
Dubbel handbook of mechanical engineering
Machinability effects of stainless steels with a HIPed NiTi coating in high-efficiency machining operations
Abstract.
Market orientation, corporate culture, and business performance
The Iron Partner
An automated fixture design and formation system for small-batch or single-product production. The second part, Automated fixturing point planning
Measurement of geometric tolerances in manufacturing
Fundamentals of machining and machine tools
Advanced machining technology handbook
Juko 1949-1999 : maatalouskoneita 50 vuotta = fifty years of agricultural machinery
Deposition of aluminia coatings by atmospheric plasma spraying : process optimization, coating characterization and mathematical simulation
Project marketing themes in practice
An automated fixture design and formation system for small-batch or single-part production. The third subsystem, Automated fixture configuration design
Business-to-business customer survey and German market research : case company: Lehtosen Konepaja Oy
Machining technology : machine tools and operations
The CNC ToolBox : Top Service for Machine Tools
Konepajalla : turkulaisen laivamoottorivalmistuksen historiaa = På motorverkstaden : tillverkningen av fartygsmotorer i Åbo = At the engine factory : the history of ship engine manufacturing in Turku
Metal cutting : research advances
Dimensional ranges and rolling efficiency in a tandem cold rolling mill
Practical guide to pressure vessel manufacturing
Manufacturing engineering and technology
How to make injection molds
Machinability of new high strength stainless steels
Barbed wire tightener to Power Plus : colourful years of the Valmet-tractor
Manufacturing change : interdisciplinary research on new models of operation in Finnish industry
Development of gear grinding cell.
Origins of small business metal fabricators and machinery makers in New England, 1890-1957
Konepajalla : turkulaisen laivamoottorivalmistuksen historiaa. Forum Marinum vuosikirja 2012 = På motorverkstaden : tillverkningen av fartygsmotorer i Åbo. Stiftelsen Forum Marinum, årsbok 2012 = At the engine factory : the history of ship engine manufacturing in Turku. The Forum Marinum Foundation, Yearbook 2012
