http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3781 production buildings
production buildings
Chilled beam application guidebook
Manufacturing facilities design and material handling
Amelioration of project planning and its cash flow by implementing locatin-based management system : an approach of Lean construction
Construction industry overview : a comparative study of the US, UK, Japan and Finland
Building permits
Summary: Managing static electricity through the STAHA technology programme.
Environment control for animals and plants
Livestock health and housing
Micro architecture : lightweight, mobile and ecological buildings for the future
TAT-komponenttirakentaminen = The new component system building technology
Human scale in Finnish architecture = Humaner Maßstab in finnischer Architektur = Arquitectura Finlandesa a escala humana
Smallholder irrigation technology : prospects for sub-Saharan Africa
The Finnish construction branch : markets and R & D
The development of a modular cabin assembly process = [Modulaarisen hytin kokoonpanoprosessin kehittäminen]
Manufacturing technology. Vol. 2
The good house book :  a common-sense guide to alternative homebuilding
Food manufacturing has evolved over the centuries from kitchen industries to modern, sophisticated production operations. A typical food factory includes the food processing and packaging lines, the buildings and exterior landscaping, and the utility-supply and waste-treatment facilities. As a single individual is unlikely to possess all the necessary skills required to facilitate the design, the task will undoubtedly be undertaken by an interdisciplinary team employing a holistic approach based on a knowledge of the natural and biological sciences, most engineering disciplines, and relevant legislation. In addition, every successful project requires a competent project manager to ensure that all tasks are completed on time and within budget. This Handbook attempts to compress comprehensive, up-to-date coverage of these areas into a single volume. The multi-disciplinary nature of the subject matter should facilitate more informed communication between individual specialists on the team. It should also provide useful background information on food factory design for a wider range of professionals with a more peripheral interest in the subject: for example, process plant suppliers, contractors, HSE specialists, retailers, consultants, and financial institutions. Finally, it is hoped that it will also prove to be a valuable reference for students and instructors in the areas of food technology, chemical engineering, and mechanical engineering, in particular.
Energy efficient lighting systems in buildings with integrated photovoltaics
Housing reclaimed : sustainable homes for next to nothing
Construction market of the Baltic Sea area
Social Housing = Viviendas sociales-V.P.O
Ship production
Becoming lean : a case of Finnish boating industry
Asunto '88 bostad : Helsingin kaupungin asuntotuotantoa 1980-1988 = ur Helsingfors stads bostadsproduktion 1980-1988 = city of Helsinki housing production 1980-1988
Collaboration in Discontinuous Innovation in the Construction Industry
Asunto 2001 : 1995-2001 = Bostad 2001 : 1995-2001 = Housing 2001 : 1995-2001
Construction project time management in Iran
Cleanliness of ventilation systems
Lofts & apartments in NYC
Modern farm buildings
Facilities planning
Implementing Lean construction techniques for improving project value: an analytical approach for the Gulf construction industry
Corporate architecture in Finland in the 1940s and 1950s : factory building as architecture, investment and image
The goals of this thesis were to improve the product quality and optimizing production process of a modular cabin unit, specifically in a project for a Brazilian EEP shipyard where ALMACO Group delivers a living quarter with modular cabins to a drillship. ALMACO does not have its own production facilities and the method is to subcontract all work and material from different vendors from all over the world. This creates challenges in both quality control and production efficiency because the work force and products differ from one project to another. To improve the production process it was taken closer to lean compatible series production rather than batch production. The thesis includes theoretical speculation of the production development, quality and modularity. The key element of the process development was consulting ALMACO staff of the difficulties in cabin production in the past projects so the difficulties could be avoided in the EEP project and also in the future projects. The best solutions from different projects were found and they were combined together to ensure better quality and more efficient production. As a result of the thesis a cabin assembly manual was devised. The manual needed to be specific enough to ensure the quality of the product in the EEP project but it also needed to be easily convertible for future projects. Essential for the assembly manual was to create simple and specific 3D images that describe different work phases. The 3D models were created by using other TUAS students as subvendors and part of the thesis was managing the 3D design project.
DeGarmo's materials and processes in manufacturing
Faster construction projects with CPM scheduling
Building and dwelling production
Pientalon rakennuskustannusindeksi = Byggnadskostnadsindex för småhus = Building cost index for single-unit dwellings
Facilities planning and design
Introduction to reliability and quality engineering
Building information modelling and intergrated project delivery in the Turkish AEC industry
Small lofts
Cost accounting methods for construction projects in North-West Russia : case study Pöyry CM Oy
Asunto 94 bostad : Helsingin kaupungin asuntotuotantoa 1989-1994 = ur Helsingfors stads bostadsproduktion 1989-1994 = city of Helsinki housing production 1989-1994
Reconfigurable manufacturing systems and transformable factories
Handbook of food factory design
French style
Technology brewing and malting
Calculations for agriculture and horticulture
Lofts
Suomalaisia asuntoryhmiä : valtion lainoittamaa asuntotuotantoa vuosilta 1984-1995 = Residential environments in Finland : state subsidized housing production from 1984-1995
Housing and industrialization in Finland : a survey of Finnish mass housing with special regard to the influence of industrialization
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Energy performance of current building stock in Scandinavia and Russia
Livestock housing : modern management to ensure optimal health and welfare of farm animals
Project Delivery Systems for Construction
Factory planning manual : situation-driven production facility planning
Maatila 2000 : maatilan pihapiirin sekä uusimuotoisten tuotantorakennusten arkkitehtuurikilpailu = Farm 2000 : architectural competition on the farmyard and new production buildings
Mathematics for machine technology
Environmental control for agricultural buildings
Plausibility check of the "Berlin model of cooperative building land development" with the real market situation based on a practical example
Reduction of waste by implementing lean construction principles in the construction industry: scenarios for Bangladesh
Building for the cow
CIGR handbook of agricultural engineering. Vol. 2, Animal production & aquacultural engineering
Housing, building and planning in Finland
Handbook factory planning and design
Abatement techniques for reducing emissions from livestock buildings
Study on distributed energy options in Skaftkärr testbed
This book identifies future scientific research priorities for developing emissions inventories, emissions abatement techniques and mitigation strategies in order to improve and sustain livestock production that is in line with climate change adaptation. Livestock production is a major source of atmospheric pollutants and greenhouse gases, such as methane, nitrogen oxides, carbon dioxide and ammonia, all of which directly contribute to global warming and climate change. Air pollutant emissions from agricultural practices have a negative environmental impact and are of relevant political importance, as highlighted in both the Kyoto and Gothenburg Protocols. This book provides solutions on how to abate these emissions by using effective abatement techniques such as additives, manure storage covers, aerobic and anaerobic treatments, and dietary manipulation. Each chapter in the book provides valuable, up-to-date information on abatement techniques, thus allowing the reader to better understand the issues involved. Recent advances and new perspectives in the field are also discussed.
