http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3790 diets
diets
Yoga life : discover health and well-being, all day, every day
Weight Watchers healthy food for hungry families
Immunochemical analysis of prolamins in gluten-free foods
The diet myth : why the secret to health and weight loss is already in your gut
The simple path to health : a guide to oriental nutrition and well-being
Gut microbiota in early infancy : effect of environment, diet and probiotics
Always hungry? : conquer cravings, retrain your fat cells and lose weight permanently
Allergy cooking : a guide with menus and recipes
Radiant : recipes to heal your skin from within
The menopause diet : the natural way to beat your symptoms and lose weight
Provides information, advice, and recipes for controlling inflammatory diseases, including arthritis, asthma, and allergies, with diet--
Paleo sweets & treats : seasonally-inspired desserts that let you have your cake and your paleo lifestyle, too
The complete guide to strength training
Angel detox : taking your life to a higher level through releasing emotional, physical, and energetic toxins
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar--your brain's silent killers
Understanding normal and clinical nutrition
The complete acne health & diet guide : naturally clear skin without antibiotics
The Allergy-Free cookbook : over 50 delicious and healthy recipes for allergy sufferers
Coeliac's new cookbook : naturally gluten-free foods and treats
Markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in metabolic syndrome and erectile dysfunction : arterial elasticity, oxidized LDL, fibrinogen and resting heart rate
A joosr guide to... always hungry?: Conquer Cravings, Retrain Your Fat Cells, and Lose Weight Permanently
The complete guite to nutrients : an A-Z of superfoods, herbs, vitamins, minerals and supplements
Cooking light : cookbook 1989
Abstract.
The role of diet during pregnancy and infancy in the development of childhood allergies and asthma
The dictionary of nutrition and dietetics
Role of <em>Fto</em> in the gene and microRNA expression of mouse adipose tissues in response to high-fat diet
Intuitive eating : a revolutionary program that works
Seriously good! : Gluten-free cooking
The Dukan diet : 2 steps to lose the weight, 2 steps to keep it off forever
Health at every size : the surprising truth about your weight
Nutrition and diet therapy
Am I fit and healthy? : learning about diet and exercise
Women's health : e-lehti
Eat your way to a happy, healthy gut with the Healthy Gut Cookbook, a delicious recipe guide to improve your digestive health. Healthy Gut Cookbook is packed with over 120 delicious recipes from sauerkraut to smoothie, and butternut to burritos, proving that healing your digestive system doesn't have to be boring. From an introductory plan to full healthy gut diet, Healthy Gut Cookbook will guide you to digestive health with a tasty mix of recipes fully compatible with diets such as GAPS, paleo, and gluten-free. With an easy step-by-step approach and plenty of tips to save you time and money, Healthy Gut Cookbook is a delicious meal plan guide to improve symptoms of leaky gut, intolerance, and digestive issues.
Eat yourself slim : the world's best method to lose weight and stay slim
Our troubles with food: fears, fads and fallacies
Depressive symptoms, metabolic syndrome and diet
Vegan for her : the women's guide to being healthy and fit on a plant-based diet
Goop clean beauty
Nature's first law : the raw-food diet
The everyday diabetic cookbook
Glycemic index in epidemiologic study of type 2 diabetes
Nordic nutrition recommendations 2012 : integrating nutrition and physical activity
The IVF diet : the plan to support IVF treatment and help couples conceive
The power of ashtanga yoga : developing a practice that will bring you strength, flexibility, and inner peace
Epidemiologic studies on overweight and obesity in adolescents : the role of early-life risk factors, eating patterns and common genetic variants
Fit not fat : the ultimate Asian diet plan with recipes to achieve your ideal weight!
500 Paleo Recipes : hundreds of delicious recipes for weight loss and super health
The metabolic typing diet : customize your diet for: permanent weight loss, optimum health, preventing and reversing disease, staying young at any age
Principles of human nutrition
Naturally sassy : my recipes for an energised, healthy and happy you
The book of whole meals : a seasonal guide to assembling balanced vegetarian breakfasts, lunches & dinners
Healthy gut cookbook : 150 stage-by-stage healing recipes to improve your digestive health
The Dukan diet recipe book
Men's health : e-lehti
"The ultimate beauty guide from the experts at GOOP--the trusted resource for healthy, mindful living, curated by Gwyneth Paltrow Millions of women around the world turn to the clean-living team at GOOP for beauty advice. From nontoxic product recommendations, red carpet- (and everyday-) ready hair and makeup tutorials, to guidance on aging, acne, and antioxidants, GOOP has become the go-to resource for head-to-toe beauty. Finally, the editors of GOOP have curated their greatest tips and recommendations, favorite detox recipes, workout plans, and hair and makeup looks in one must-have guide. Featuring more than 100 gorgeous photos and extensive Q&As from GOOP's family of expert contributors, GOOP CLEAN BEAUTY will shed a definitive light on the importance of diet, sleep, exercise, and clean beauty products, while offering tactical advice for healthy, glowing skin and hair that starts from the inside out. The first curated book from the top name in clean-living, GOOP CLEAN BEAUTY is the one resource women need to feel, and look, their best every day"--
Best ever fat free cookbook : delicious food for healthy eating
Religion and Food : based on papers read at the conference arranged by the Donner Institute for Research in Religious and Cultural History, Åbo Akademi University, Åbo/Turku, Finland, on 25-27 June 2014
The 80/10/10 diet : balancing your health, your weight, and your life one luscious bite at a time
15 minutes to fit : the simple 30-day guide to total fitness, 15 minutes at a time
Eat fat, get thin : why the fat we eat is the key to sustained weight loss and vibrant health
Becoming vegetarian : the complete guide to adopting a healthy vegetarian diet
Eating in the middle : a mostly wholesome cookbook
Effect of short-term guided aerobic exercise and diet intervention on overweight women
This is the complete guide to getting pregnant and improving fertility naturally -- even if you've been told your chances of conception are low. A nationally renowned women's health and fertility expert, Aimee Raupp has helped thousands of women optimize their fertility and get pregnant. Now, in this book, she provides her complete program for improving your chances of conceiving and overcoming infertility, including the most effective complementary and lifestyle approaches, the latest nutritional advice, and ways to prepare yourself emotionally and spiritually.
The tao of healthy eating : dietary wisdom according to chinese medicine
Total detox plan : cleanse and revitalise your system and see the difference in seven days
Slim for life : my insider secrets to simple, fast, and lasting weight loss
Superfood soups : a how to book
A review of plant-based nutrition interventions on heart disease, obesity and diabetes : suggestions for an educational curriculum
Run fast. eat slow. : Nourishing Recipes for Athletes
Weight watchers : international cookbook
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Younger skin in 28 days : the fast-track diet for beautiful skin and a cellulite-proof body
Five two for a new you : the fast formula for a happier, healthier life
Yes, you can get pregnant : natural ways to improve your fertility now & into your 40s
With a summary in Swedish.
The big fat surprise : why meat, butter, and cheese belong in a healthy diet
Year of no sugar : a memoir
Diets and dieting : a cultural encyclopedia
The warrior diet
What to expect when you're expecting
Diet and cardiorespiratory fitness in older adults with special reference to metabolic syndrome and cognitive function : a population-based study
The barf diet : raw feeding for dogs and cats : using evolutionary principles
Against all grain : delectable paleo recipes to eat well & feel great : more than 150 gluten-free, grain-free, and dairy-free recipes for daily life /a
Cultured food for life : how to make and serve delicious probiotic foods for better health and wellness : [kefir, kombucha, cultured vegetables, sprouted flour, sourdough]
Comparison of acute and chronic exercise effects in the lipid droplets topography skeletal muscle, following high and low-fat diet in mice
The banting solution
1001 Low-carb recipes : hundreds of delicious recipes from dinner to desert that let you live your low-carb lifestyle and never look back
The alkaline cure
Think more, eat less : use your mind to change your body
The taste of place : a cultural journey into terroir
The China study : the most comprehensive study of nutrition ever conducted and the startling implications for diet, weight loss and long-term health
Whole : rethinking the science of nutrition
The acid watcher diet : a 28-day reflux prevention and healing programme
Food that helps win the battle against fibromyalgia : ease everyday pain and fight fatigue
The Detox Cook : Over 100 blissful detoxing recipes
Vegan menu as a decisive factor when booking a cruise through the Baltic Sea
Zen macrobiotic cooking
Nutritional coaching strategy to modulate training efficiency
Quick & Easy Ketogenic Cooking will revolutionize your approach to living a ketogenic lifestyle! Widely known and publicized as a treatment for epilepsy; the Ketgogenic diet can also aid in many other medical conditions including hypertension, obesity and heart disease. This book offers customized programs that outline meal plans and recipes targeting specific conditions, making it easier for those looking for help find information and meal plans quickly. Maria Emmerich is the go-to for recipes among the Ketogenic world.
Controlling cholesterol : Dr. Kenneth H. Cooper's preventive medicine program
Detox drinks with juice fasting detoxification & fat burning smoothies : 30 fat burning & detoxification recipes & superfoods like vitality boosting beet juice, apple cider vinegar, wheatgrass, coconut water, ginger root, kefir, cacao, beta carotene & more
Healing superfoods for anti-aging : stay younger, live longer
Ketogenic diet as a therapy for mitochondrial disease
Protein power : the high protein, low carbohydrate way to lose weight, feel fit, and boost your health
The carb lover's diet
Body for life : 12 weeks to mental and physical strength
Light meals
Weight watchers 365-day menu cookbook
Young and slim for life : 10 essential steps to archieve total vitality and kick-start weight loss that lasts
Super foods for pregnancy
Nutrition for intuition
The wholefood party book : a wealth of original ideas for party catering for all occasions
Meals that heal inflammation : embrace healthy living and eliminate pain, one meal at a time
The beauty detox solution : eat your way to radiant skin, renewed energy, and the body you've always wanted
Effects of dietary carbohydrate modification on persons with metabolic syndrome : a transcriptomics approach of adipose tissue
Eat for immunity
Nutrition for the Foodservice Professional
The Action Plan is intended to significantly reduce the burden of preventable diet-related noncommunicable diseases, obesity and all other forms of malnutrition still prevalent in the WHO European Region. It calls for countries to act, using a whole-of-government, health-in-all-policies approach. Its priority actions will contribute to improving food-system governance and the overall quality of the European population's diet and nutritional status.
Quick and easy diet recipes
"Deep Nutrition revolutionizes the way we think about food by showing how dietary choices affect us down to the level of our DNA. Once a world-class athlete plagued by debilitating injuries, physician and biochemist Cate Shanahan was determined to cure her own ailments. So she researched diets from around the world that have been proved to help people live longer, healthier lives--diets from places like the Mediterranean, Okinawa Island, and the Blue Zones--and she identified four common nutritional habits that for generations have unfailingly produced strong, healthy, intelligent children and active, vital elders. These four nutritional strategies form the basis of what Dr. Cate calls the "Human Diet": fresh food, fermented and sprouted foods, meat cooked on the bone, [and] organ meats. By adhering to this Human Diet, Dr. Cate cured her own ailments and has since helped countless patients and readers of the original self-published edition of Deep Nutrition achieve their own optimum health. In this revised and updated edition of the self-published phenomenon, Deep Nutrition shows how anyone can follow the Human Diet to: improve mood; calm allergies; eliminate cravings and the urge to snack; boost fertility and give birth to healthier children; sharpen cognition and memory; build stronger bones and joints; get younger, smoother skin. Not all food is created equal. Real food contains ordered information that can direct our cellular growth in a positive way. Our family history does not determine our destiny. What you eat interacts with your DNA in ways that affect your health and the health of your future children. Cutting through conflicting nutritional ideologies, Deep Nutrition is a groundbreaking, life-changing work that combines science with common sense to illustrate how the traditions of our ancestors can help us all lead longer, healthier, more vital lives."--Dust jacket.
Gut reactions : how healthy insides can improve your weight. mood and well-being
Summary of the chosen methodologies and practices to produce GHGE-estimates for an average European diet
Living paleo for dummies
How not to die : discover the foods scientifically proven to prevent and reverse disease
The kid-friendly  ADHD & autism cookbook : the ultimate guide to the gluten-free, casein-free diet
Deep nutrition : why your genes need traditional food
Beyond sugar shock : the 6-week plan to break free of your sugar addiction & get slimmer, sexier & sweeter
Cooking light : cookbook 1994
World review of nutrition and dietetics
The Yale guide to children's nutrition
From the fitness and nutrition guru who transformed the diets of Beyoncé, Jay-Z and Pharrell Williams comes practical advice and tools for switching to a plant-based lifestyle. This book includes more than 65 healthy and delicious vegan recipes to help transform your life and body in just 22 days.
The new vegetarians : promoting health and protecting life
Discovery and management of child allergy from the parent perspective
Skinny bitch
Smart people don't diet : how the latest science can help you lose weight permanently
Veganomicon : the ultimate vegan cookbook
The slow down diet : eating for pleasure, energy and weight loss
The low-carb bible : a three-stage plan for permanent weight loss
The everyday dairy-free cookbook : recipes for lactose intolerants
Paleo cooking from Elana's pantry : gluten-free, grain-free, dairy-free recipes
It's all good : delicious, easy recipes that will make you look good and feel great
Thrive : the vegan nutrition guide to optimal performance in sports and life
Essays on history of nutrition and dietetics
Food freedom forever : letting go of bad habits, guilt, and anxiety around food
"In his midtwenties, Dave Asprey was a successful Silicon Valley multimillionaire. He also weighed 300 pounds, despite the fact that he was doing what doctors recommended: eating 1,800 calories a day and working out 90 minutes a day, six times a week. When his excess fat started causing brain fog and food cravings sapped his energy and willpower, Asprey turned to the same hacking techniques that made his fortune to "hack" his own biology, investing more than $300,000 and 15 years to uncover what was hindering his energy, performance, appearance, and happiness. From private brain EEG facilities to remote monasteries in Tibet, through radioactive brain scans, blood chemistry work, nervous system testing, and more, he explored traditional and alternative technologies to reach his physical and mental prime. The result? The Bulletproof Diet, an anti-inflammatory program for hunger-free, rapid weight loss and peak performance. The Bulletproof Diet will challenge--and change--the way you think about weight loss and wellness. You will skip breakfast, stop counting calories, eat high levels of healthy saturated fat, work out and sleep less, and add smart supplements. In doing so, you'll gain energy, build lean muscle, and watch the pounds melt off. By ditching traditional "diet" thinking, Asprey went from being overweight and sick in his twenties to maintaining a 100-pound weight loss, increasing his IQ, and feeling better than ever in his forties. The Bulletproof Diet is your blueprint to a better life"--
The autism & ADHD diet : a step-by-step guide to hope and healing by living gluten free and casein free (GFCF) and other interventions
Mediterranean diet for dummies
Healthy eating: fact and fiction
COOKERY FOR SPECIFIC DIETS & CONDITIONS. In "Paleo Cooking With Your Instant Pot," bestselling Paleo cookbook author Jennifer Robins teaches readers how to use her favorite tool and secret weapon, the Instant Pot, to cook amazing meals at home with ease. The Instant Pot is a wildly popular and ultra-handy kitchen tool that cooks many different methods using one pot including pressure cooking, slow cooking, steaming and sauteing and can be intimidating until now. Jennifer walks you through the settings and provides top-quality and foolproof recipes that show you everything this cooker is capable of. With the bulk of the work done by the Instant Pot and all in one pot, you spend less time cooking and washing dishes.
Professional Healthy Cooking
Understanding nutrition
Dodo diet : rapid results, permanent fat loss and indulgent days off
Swimming : serious about your sport
High blood pressure : food, facts & recipes
The effect of genes and diet on Alzheimer's disease-related molecular mechanisms : Influence of ubiquilin-1 and dietary lipids
"From the physician behind the wildly popular website NutritionFacts.org, How Not to Die reveals the groundbreaking scientific evidence behind the only diet that can prevent and reverse many of the causes of disease-related death.The vast majority of premature deaths can be prevented through simple changes in diet and lifestyle. In How Not to Die, Dr. Michael Greger, the internationally-renowned nutrition expert, physician, and founder of NutritionFacts.org, examines the fifteen top causes of premature death in America heart disease, various cancers, diabetes, Parkinson's, high blood pressure, and more and explains how nutritional and lifestyle interventions can sometimes trump prescription pills and other pharmaceutical and surgical approaches, freeing us to live healthier lives. The simple truth is that most doctors are good at treating acute illnesses but bad at preventing chronic disease. The fifteen leading causes of death claim the lives of 1.6 million Americans annually. This doesn't have to be the case. By following Dr. Greger's advice, all of it backed up by strong scientific evidence, you will learn which foods to eat and which lifestyle changes to make to live longer. History of prostate cancer in your family? Put down that glass of milk and add flaxseed to your diet whenever you can. Have high blood pressure? Hibiscus tea can work better than a leading hypertensive drug-and without  the side effects. Fighting off liver disease? Drinking coffee can reduce liver inflammation. Battling breast cancer? Consuming soy is associated with prolonged survival. Worried about heart disease (the number 1 killer in the United States)? Switch to a whole-food, plant-based diet, which has been repeatedly shown not just to prevent the disease but often stop it in its tracks. In addition to showing what to eat to help treat the top fifteen causes of death, How Not to Die includes Dr. Greger's Daily Dozen a checklist of the twelve foods we should consume every day.
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
Quick & easy ketogenic cooking : time-saving paleo recipes and meal plans to improve your health and help you lose weight
The diabetic cookbook : over 50 superb, high-fibre, low-sugar recipes for diabetics
Finnish nutrition recommendations
European Food and Nutrition Action Plan 2015-2020
Cooking light : cookbook 1995
Interaction of physical activity, diet, health locus of control and quality of life among Finnish university students
Robinson's basic nutrition and diet therapy
Burn the fat, feed the muscle : the secrets of the leanest people in the world
Assessment of risk and prevention of type 2 diabetes in primary health care
Lifestyle interventions in treatment of obese adults:eating behaviour and other factors affecting weight loss and maintenance
I quit sugar : slow cooker cookbook : easy, nutritious slow-cooker recipes for busy folk & families
The new American Heart Association cookbook
The paleo manifesto : ancient wisdom for lifelong health
The wellness syndrome
The detox diet cookbook : over 50 delicious recipes for cleansing the system
The bikini body diet : the immediate and lasting plan to a slim, shapely, sexier you!
The bulletproof diet : lose up to a pound a day, reclaim energy and focus, and upgrade your life
Nutrition health project using an ICT-based learning environment : participatory action research in Eastern Finland
How to lose weight & keep fit
The Paleo diet : lose weight and get healthy by eating the foods you were designed to eat
The migraine miracle : a sugar-free, gluten-free, ancestral diet to reduce inflammation and relieve your headaches for good
The 22-day revolution : the plant-based programme that will transform your body, reset your habits, and change your life
The Scandinavian belly fat program : 12 weeks to get healthy, boost your energy and lose weight
Eat to Live: the amazing nutrient-rich program for fast and sustained weight loss
Diet, body adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in a population sample of primary school children
Quick reference to clinical dietetics
Cooking light : cookbook 1990
Living gluten free for dummies
The 3-2-1 diet : three steps to a slimmer, fitter you
Fitness on a plate : Anita Bean's guide to healthy eating
The total detox plan : a comprehensive programme to cleanse your mind and body
Eat right for your personality type : how to work with YOUR personality to create the perfect diet for you
Eat right for your type : 4 blood types, 4 diets : the individualized diet solution to staying healthy, living longer & achieving your ideal weight
Healthy pregnancy
Dietary reference values : a guide
Deliciously Ella with friends
Culinary nutrition : the science and practice of healthy cooking
Clean eats : over 200 delicious recipes to reset your body's natural balance and discover what it means to be truly healthy
Vegan freak : being vegan in a non-vegan world : version 2.0, revised, expanded, and updated
Healthy and Delicious : 400 professional recipes
Genetic nutrition : designing a diet based on your family medical history
HIIT - high intensity interval training
All about food
Nutrition in Finland
The paleo slow cooker : healthy, gluten-free meals the easy way
The fast days cookbook : delicious & filling low-calorie recipes for the 5:2 diet
Toward an understanding of the barriers to and facilitators of dietary change
Paleo cooking with your instant pot : 80 incredible gluten- and grain-free recipes made twice as delicious in half the time
Seasonally sensational : utterly delicious recipes using fresh ingredients for every month of the year
