http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3798 weeds
weeds
Knapweed, its cause and effect in British Columbia
Assessment of weed establishment risk in a changing European climate
Grass weeds. 1, Weeds of the subfamily Panicoideae : Ungräser der Unterfamille Panicoideae = Adventices de la sous-famille des Panicoideae = Malezas de la subfamilia Panicoideae
The truth about organic gardening : benefits, drawbacks, and the bottom line
Common weeds of East Africa = Magugu ya Afrika Mashariki
Weed physiology. Vol. 1, Reproduction and ecophysiology
Nursery and landscape weed control manual
The present study aimed at assessing the invasion of alien weed species in Finland based on a review of their occurrence in the Finnish weed flora. The evaluation was conducted for the three phases of the invasion process, i.e. introduction, naturalization and invasion. The literature review revealed that 815 alien weed species occur in Finland of which 314 are regarded as naturalized. Based on their occurrence in different climate zones, the risk of naturalization of new harmful alien weed species was deemed low for those species not currently found in Finland, but higher for species occurring as casual aliens in Finland. In the latter group, 10 species of concern were detected. Exploration of the distribution patterns of naturalized species within Finland revealed species occupancy to be dependent on the residence time of the species. Established neophytes can be expected to extend their ranges and to increase occupation of agricultural habitats in the future.
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
The biology of weeds
Proceedings of the Second International Workshop on Striga, Ouagadougou, Upper Volta 5-8 October 1981
Weed science
Weed management in agroecosystems : ecological approaches
The weed flora in conventionally and organically grown spring cereals was investigated in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009. The survey was conducted in 16 regions, 283 farms and 595 fields (72 organically cropped and 523 conventionally cropped fields, of which 503 were treated with herbicides). The occurrence of weeds was assessed in late July-early August. Altogether 148 weed species were identified, of which 128 were broad-leaved and 20 grass species. In organically cropped fields, the average species number per field was 21 and the most frequent species were Chenopodium album 96%, Stellaria media 94%, Viola arvensis 94% and Elymus repens 89%. In conventionally cropped fields, the average species number was 12 and the most frequent weed species were Viola arvensis 83%, Stellaria media 65%, Galeopsis spp. 59% and Galium spurium 59%. The average density of weeds was 160 m-2 (median = 112) in sprayed conventional fields and 519 m-2 (468) in organic fields. The average air-dry biomass of weeds was 167 kg ha-1 (median = 82) and 775 kg ha-1 (563), respectively. Elymus repens, the most frequent and abundant grass species, produced the highest proportion (about 30%) of the total weed biomass in both cropping systems. The frequency of Galium spurium in conventional cropping and Fumaria officinalis in organic cropping had increased substantially since the previous survey in 1997-1999. The average size of the weed seedbank in the 5 cm surface layer was about 1 700 seeds m-2, the most predominant seeds being of C. album. Although the weed flora in Finnish spring cereal fields consists of numerous species, only a fraction of them severely threaten crop production in terms of their frequency and abundance. Weeds in conventional cropping were effectively controlled with available herbicides whereas weed management in organic cropping calls for urgent measures such as direct mechanical weed control in crop stands, which was not practised at all in survey fields.
Growth of annual dicotyledonous weeds : analyses using relative growth rate (RGR) and unit production ratio (UPR)
Effect of soil type and climatic conditions on the growth and flowering phenology of three Oxalis species in western cape, South Africa
Weed and scrub control on organic grassland
Efficacy of imazamox in imidazolinone-resistant spring oilseed rape in Finland
Weed control handbook: principles
Alien species in the Finnish weed flora
Plants and man in Australia
Weeds in spring cereal fields in Finland - a third survey
Effects of different paper mulches on soil temperature and yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) in the temperate zone
Weed control trials with fibre mulch, glyphosate and terbuthylazine in Scots pine plantations
Ruderals and weeds in Godby, Åland Islands, SW Finland
Pests have enemies too : teaching young scientists about biological control
Herbicides and their mechanisms of action
Vegetace České republiky = Vegetation of the Czech Republic. 2, Ruderální plevelová́, skalní a sut̕ová vegetace = Ruderal, weed, rock and scree vegetation
Improved weed management in the Near East : proceedings of the FAO expert consultation on improved weed management in the Near East, Nicosia, Cyprus 30 October - 1 November 1985.
Modern weed control
Perennial weeds : characteristics and identification of selected herbaceous species
The main weed species and their control in oilseed crops in Finland
Conventional and organic cropping system at Suitia = Suitian viljelyjärjestelmät
Rozmieszczenie, ekologia i biologia chwastów segetalnych : Bibliografia polskich prac do roku 1995 = Distribution, ecology and biology of segetal weeds, bibliography of Polish works till 1995
Perennial weeds are an increasing challenge in organic farming in the Nordic countries. The aim of this study was to compare different tillage methods in the control of Elymus repens by using two intensified bare fallow strategies. Two field experiments consisted of three ploughing methods and seven fallow methods. The experiments were carried out in organic soils in Central Finland. The methods applied in the brief fallow before cereal sowing (exp. 1) were not effective enough against E. repens. Due to wet weather conditions in the spring the fallow period was limited to two weeks in both years, which did not seem to be enough time. In the late summer fallow after ley (exp. 2), the Kvick-Finn weed-cultivator destroyed E. repens very effectively; on average 5% of E. repens remained alive in the barley crop in the autumn of the following year. After use of ordinary cultivators 10% of E. repens remained alive, after use of the spade harrow 25% and after frequent mowing over 50% remained alive, respectively. As a result of effective E. repens control, barley yield was about 1000 kg ha-1 higher than without any fallow. In conclusion, effective control of E. repens is achieved with proper machinery and repeated treatments at the optimal time.
A feast of weeds : a literary guide to foraging and cooking wild edible plants
An introduction to the grasses : (including bamboos and cereals)
Herbicide classes in development : mode of action, targets, genetic engineering, chemistry
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
Germination of weed seeds and competition in stands of weeds and barley : influences of mineral nutrients
Seeds and seedlings of weeds in rice in South and Southeast Asia
In vitro rumen methane output of forb species sampled in spring and summer
Use of isotopic tracers in studies of herbicide performance on grasses and sedges : report of a final Research Co-ordination Meeting organized by the Joint FAO/IAEA Division of Nuclear Techniques in Food and Agriculture and held in Los Baños, Philippines, 17-21 February 1997.
Organic soil-fertility and weed management
Management of invasive weeds
Common weeds poisonous to grazing livestock : part B
Weed ecology in natural and agricultural systems
Symposium proceedings : integrated weed management in cereals, Helsinki, 4-6 june = integrierte Unkrautbekämpfung in Getreide, Helsinki, 4-6 Juni = la lutte integrée contre les mauvaises herbes dans les céréales, Helsinki, 4-6 juin
Brassica oilseeds : production and utilization
We aimed at assessing establishment risk for 25 arable weed species in a changing European climate for the period 2051-2080. An increase (0.3-46.7%) in the range size was projected for the 14 species and a decrease (1.2-67.4%) for the 11 species in a future climate. The inclusion of the land use data increased the explanatory power of the models. The greatest increases in range sizes were projected for Amaranthus retroflexus, Papaver hybridum and Fumaria parviflora, and declines for Sinapis arvensis, Cerastium semidecandrum and Chenopodium rubrum. Application of a more severe climate scenario (HadCM3A2) affected decline (0.5-18.5%) for 12 species and increase (2.2-31.5%) for 13 species in the range size projections compared with the less severe (HadCM3B2) scenario. Both model scenarios projected high percentage species loss in Mediterranean and temperate Europe, but high species gain in the Alps, Carpathians and in boreal Europe. The results suggest that even under moderate climate scenarios drastic changes in the weed establishment risk can be expected to take place in Europe in the future.
Major weeds of the Near East
Composition of weed flora in spring cereals in Finland : a fourth survey
Organic soil-fertility and weed management is one in a series of eight guides on organic principles and practices originally published by the Northeast Organic Farming Association (NOFA) and revised and updated by Chelsea Green Publishing. This book offers practical information for small-scale market gardeners and farmers.
The care of the golf course
Weeds : reported in rice in South and Southeast Asia
Society's resources are scarce, and biosecurity actions need to be targeted and prioritised. Various models have been developed that prioritise and rank pests and diseases according to the risks they represent. A prioritisation model allows utilisation of scientific, ecological and economic information in decision-making related to biological hazards. This study discusses such models and the properties associated with them based on a review of 78 prioritisation studies. The scope of the models includes all aspects of biosecurity (human, animal and plant diseases, and invasive alien species), but with an emphasis on plant health. The geographical locations of the studies are primarily North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. Half of the studies were conducted during the past five years. The review finds that there generally seems to be several prioritisation models, especially in the case of invasive plants, but only a select few models are used extensively. Impacts are often accounted for in the model, but the extent and economic sophistication of their inclusion varies. Treatment of uncertainty and feasibility of control was lacking from many studies.
Weeds and weed control, Uppsala 28-29 January 1987. Vol 1, Reports
Principles in weed management
Grass weeds. 2, Weeds of the subfamilies Chloridoideae, Pooideae, Oryzoideae : Ungräser der Unterfamilien Chloridoideae, Pooideae, Oryzoidea = Adventices de la sous-familles des Chloridoideae, Pooideae, Oryzoideae = Malezas de las subfamilias Chloridoideae, Pooideae, Oryzoideae
Threshold periods of weed competition in common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.)
The biology of weeds : a symposium of the British Ecological Society, Oxford, 2nd-4th April 1959
Weeds of the world : biology and control
Weeds, pests and diseases of grassland and herbage legumes : proceedings of a Symposium held at the University of Nottingham, 10-12 April 1985
Herbicide resistance and world grains
Intensifying bare fallow strategies to control Elymus repens in organic soils
Coltsfoot
Weeds : how vagabond plants gatecrashed civilisation and changed the way we think about nature
Weed biology and control
The worldś worst weeds : distribution and biology
Biology and ecology of weeds
Lockhart & Wiseman's crop husbandry including grassland
Weed flora and weed management of field peas in Finland
Weed management for developing countries. Addendum 1
Bibliography of weed control research in tree and woody ornamental nurseries and forest and shelterbelt plantations
Weeds, weeding (& Darwin) : the gardener's guide
Trial report : herbicides and plant growth regulators
Impact of temperature and germination time on the success of a C4 weed in a C3 crop : Amaranthus retroflexus and spring barley
Environmental impact of chemical and mechanical weed control in agriculture : a comparing study using Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) methodology
An introduction to biological control
Weed control : a textbook and manual
Organic farming
Sowing time affects the abundance of pests and weeds in winter rye
Elevation in temperatures due to climate change could promote the invasion by C4 weed species of arable fields in the boreal region, which are dominated by C3 crops. The success of Amaranthus retroflexus L. (a C4 weed) in spring barley (a C3 crop) was studied at current and elevated temperatures (3°C difference) in a greenhouse experiment in southern Finland. The competition treatments included no competition and four levels of competition with barley, differing in terms of germination time. The success of A. retroflexus was measured as growth (height and biomass) and seed production (number and biomass). Elevation in temperature enhanced seed production of A. retroflexus, but the impact on growth was minor (only difference in plant height in one treatment). The growth and seed production of A. retroflexus in competition with barley was minimal although the growth of barley decreased with the rise in temperature. The results indicate that climate change could improve growth of a C4 weed such as A. retroflexus, but it is unlikely to succeed in spring barley.
A survey of weeds in spring-sown oilseed crops (Brassica rapa ssp. oleifera and Brassica napus ssp. oleifera) was conducted in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009, representing the first such extensive investigation in the country. The occurrence of the most abundant weed species in oilseeds was surveyed in 429 fields. In the fields with moderate or high weed infestation, 1-6 harmful weed species were recorded by visual observation according to their biomass production. About 40 weed species were recorded, the most predominant being Chenopodium album, Galeopsis spp., Galium spurium, Sonchus arvensis and Tripleurospermum inodorum. Elymus repens was the only major grass weed. Chemical weed control of broad-leaved weeds had been practised in 53% of the fields, resulting in relatively good control. In addition, both selective graminicides and glyphosate were used to control E. repens. Mechanical weed control was not practised in any field. The crop yield level was about 300 kg ha-1 higher in the fields with low weed infestation compared with in the highly infested fields. New promising options to replace the banned herbicide trifluralin are available. Thus, the most harmful weeds, such as C. album, which interferes with the production of high-quality oil for human consumption, can still be effectively controlled.
Recent advances in weed research
Modern crop protection compounds. Volume 1, Herbicides
Physical weed control : intra-row brush weeding and photocontrol in carrots (Daucus carota L.)
Herbicides : chemistry, degradation, and mode of action. Vol. 2
Pest, disease and weed management in strawberry : progress and challenges for the Nordic production : 8-9 november, 2006, Lepaa, Finland
The ecology of intercropping
Weed control handbook : issued by the British Weed Control Council
Common weeds of Guyana
Biology in pest and disease control : the 13th Symposium of the British Ecological Society, Oxford, 4-7 January 1972
The wild oat inflorescence and seed : anatomy, development and morphology
The effect of different paper mulches and two different biodegradable plastic mulches on the yield of field-grown cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) was examined. The studies were conducted during two climatically different growing seasons 2011 and 2012 in Southern Finland.  All the mulches increased the yield as compared to bare ground. In 2011, cucumbers on all the mulches with a dark upper surface produced higher yields than those on kraft paper alone. In 2012, when the average temperatures were lower than in 2011, there were no differences in yield between different types of mulches. Soil temperatures of the experimental plots were monitored throughout the growing seasons. The mulches with a dark-colored upper surface increased the soil temperature more than the ones with a light-colored upper surface. The soil warming effect of the mulches was greater during early season and diminished when the plants grew larger and their leaves covered most of the mulch surface. There was no need for weed control except in uncovered plots. In conclusion, during both years dark-colored paper mulch was comparable to biodegradable film in yield production and could replace it as a mulch material in cucumber production.
Common weeds in Egypt
Biological control of insect pests and weeds
Weeds of Canada. Clarence Frankton
Peppers : botany, production and uses
Goose production
Weeds and words : the entymology of the scientific names of weeds and crops
General information on tropical agroecosystems - Origin, spread and ecology of some important tropical crops - Weed management in the tropics
Pest management and the environment in 2000
Invasive plants : changing the landscape of America : fact book
Summary.
Molecular biology of weed control
Weed research
Good health to the garden : how to combat the pests, diseases and weeds of vegetables
Herbicides and plant growth regulators
Weed control economics
Wildflowers and winter weeds
Dynamics of weed populations
A global compendium of weeds
Fundamentals of weed science
Seeds of Central America and southern Mexico : the economic species
Weed control in vegetable production : proceedings of a Meeting of the EC Experts' Group, Stuttgart 28-31 October 1986
Wild oats in world agriculture : an interpretative review of world literature
CRC handbook of pest management in agriculture. Vol. 2
Resource management in challenged environments
Common weeds poisonous to grazing livestock : part A
Biological control of weeds with plant pathogens
The identification of weed seedlings of farm and garden
Control of Latana camara in forest plantations
The herbicide glyphosate
Weed control handbook. Vol. 1, Principles including plant growth regulators
Weed science : principles and practices
Weedy rices : origin, biology, ecology and control
The chemical composition, in vitro rumen fermentation variables and methane (CH₄) output of a range of common forb species sampled in spring and summer, and grass silage (14 treatments in total), were determined in this study. Dried, milled herbage samples were incubated in an in vitro rumen batch culture with rumen microbial inoculum (rumen fluid) and buffered mineral solution (artificial saliva) at 39 °C for 24 hours. All herbage chemical composition and in vitro rumen fermentation variables were affected (p<0.001) by treatment. Rumex obtusifolius (in spring and summer), Urtica dioica (summer) and Senecio jacobaea (summer) had lower (p<0.05) CH₄ outputs relative to feed dry matter incubated compared with grass silage, reflecting their lower extent of in vitro rumen fermentation.
Mackay River herbicide trial : conifer response 9 years post-treatment
Weeds of canada
Monocot weeds. 3, Monocot weeds excluding grasses : Einkeimblättrige Unkräuter ausser Gräser = Monocotylédones adventices sauf les Graminées = Malezas monocotiledónes no gramíneas
Weed science and weed control in Southeast Asia
Weed management for developing countries
Yield advantage and competition in intercropped oats (Avena sativa L.) and faba bean (Vicia faba L.) : application of the hyperbolic yield-density model
Non-chemical weed management : principles, concepts and technology
Weeds of the Northeast
Effect of conservation tillage and peat application on weed infestation on a clay soil
Weed technology
Controlling weeds
Weeds and weed management on arable land : an ecological approach
Selective weed and ground cover management in a coffee plantation with shade trees in Nicaragua
Managing Sonchus arvensis using mechanical and cultural methods
Economic comparison of farming systems with alternative weed management strategies: a case study approach
A review of risk prioritisation schemes of pathogens, pests and weeds: principles and practices
Color atlas of turfgrass weeds
Survey of weeds in maize crops in Europe
Seed identification handbook
Aquatic pests on irrigation systems : identification guide : a water resources technical publication
Adoption of conservation headlands to Finnish farming
Herbicide-resistant crops : agricultural, environmental, economic, regulatory, and technical aspects
Weeds and what they tell
Striga : improved management in Africa : proceedings of the FAO/OAU All-Africa Government Consultation on Striga Control, Maroua, Cameroon, 20-24 October 1988
Weed flora in organically grown spring cereals in Finland
Fungi occurring on selected weeds : a compilation from literature data
The Åland Islands in SW Finland are known for their luxuriant vegetation with numerous calciphilic vascular plants. Ruderal plants are rather few compared to the adjoining regions of Finland and Sweden. However, new ruderal plants are occasionally found in Åland. We came across a ruderal site in the centre of the village of Godby, municipality of Finström, in 2002. Most of the organic topsoil had been removed and several rare ruderal species grew then on the open ruderal site. The site became more closed, resembling a meadow rather than a ruderal ground already in 2006 and later the vegetation developed into a tall and rough grown meadow with some shrubs and young trees. The following ruderal plants are treated more in detail: Agrostemma githago, Anthemis tinctoria, Centaurea cyanus, Cichorium intybus, Dianthus deltoides (cultivar), Echium vulgare, Holcus lanatus, Leontodon hispidus, Lotus corniculatus var. sativus, Papaver dubium subsp. dubium, P. rhoeas, Phleum phleoides, Rumex thyrsiflorus, Senecio jacobaea, Thymus pulegioides, Trifolium dubium and Vicia tenuifolia. Besides some trees and shrubs, 133 vascular plant taxa, most of them common in the Åland Islands, were observed growing in the ruderal site during the period 2002-2015. The origin of the ruderal flora is not known. It is suggested that at least some of the plants have originated from seeds in the former cultivated field. A deliberate sowing of flower seeds of foreign provenance cannot, however, be excluded, although we have not been able to prove it.
Fundamentals of weed management in hot climate peasant agriculture : a multi-disciplinary study of principles, potentials and practices primarily based on Indian and international weed science literature
