http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p379 experiential knowledge
experiential knowledge
Experiencing the postmetaphysical self : between hermeneutics and deconstruction
Ways of knowing in dance and art
Maintenance of variation in warning signals under opposing selection pressures
John Dewey, Robert Pirsig, and the art of living : revisioning aesthetic education
An essay concerning human understanding. 1-2
Exploring 'Good Work' in IT consultancy business
"Epistemology, Fieldwork, and Anthropology explores the space between epistemology and methodology, offering a systematic examination of the empirical foundations of interpretations in anthropology. Olivier de Sardan investigates the complex links between the observed reality, data production, and grounded theories, addressing the issues of bias management and the rigor of qualitative methods"--
Reframing the relationship between service design and operations : a service engineering approach
Epistemology, fieldwork, and anthropology
Quantum mechanics and experience
Reasons and experience
The epistemology of religious experience
Using Experiences Earned in a Foreign Assignment - Case L4 Project, Stora Enso
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
Transcendental arguments in the theory of content : an inaugural lecture delivered before the university of Oxford on 16. May 1989
Heidegger and Whitehead : a phenomenological examination into the intelligibility of experience
Communication with motion in user interface
Eye tracking the user experience : a practical guide
Place and intimate sensing
Building a cognitive gaming platform : User centric gaming experiences with organic movement
Exploring the practice of human resource development as a field of professional expertise
Reality and experience : four philosophical essays
Making user-focused prototype : using design sprint to test, design and prototype mobile app rapidly
On research methods
The many facets of an inter-organisational information system project as perceived by the actors
Experience and content : consequences of a continuum theory
The growth of mathematical knowledge
An intention-driven approach for usability-related requirements engineering : interaction design of innovative software products for consumer market.
Experience sampling method : measuring the quality of everyday life
Systemic perspectives on information in physically performed role-play
Motion communication makes better user experiences. Animations in user interfaces are not just a visual experience. Motion has a lot of power over where the user is looking and it should be used to guide the user. This thesis is for graphic designers or anyone who wants to understand the user and therefore make better design and communication. This thesis includes topics like human computer interaction, user psychology, user experience and animation that form the basis of motion communication. The last chapter shows examples of how to use motion communication in the user interface.
Searching for local knowledge : an analysis of the VITEK-project in Chuao, Venezuela
"Some of the most eminent and enduring philosophical questions concern matters of priority: what is prior to what? What 'grounds' what? Is, for instance, matter prior to mind? Recently, a vivid debate has arisen about how such questions have to be understood. Can the relevant notion or notions of priority be spelled out? And how do they relate to other metaphysical notions, such as modality, truth-making or essence? This volume of new essays, by leading figures in contemporary metaphysics, is the first to address and investigate the metaphysical idea that certain facts are grounded in other facts. An introduction introduces and surveys the debate, examining its history as well as its central systematic aspects. The volume will be of wide interest to students and scholars of metaphysics"--
Walter Benjamin : the colour of experience
The contents of experience : essays on perception
Consciousness and experience
The development of novice top management team's heuristics in SME internationalization
How to teach the doctor? : ten laws to teach medicine
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
Meaning, mind, and knowledge
Experiential learning : experience as the source of learning and development
Cross-platform functionality in practice:exploring the influence of system composition on user experiences of personal exercise monitoring
Institutional ethnography : a sociology for people
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
Fishers and scientists in modern Turkey : the management of natural resources, knowledge and identity on the eastern Black Sea coast
Metaphysical grounding : understanding the structure of reality
The influence of experience on the internationalization of the firm : case study on Japanese firm in Thailand
State-of-the-Art of mobile learning usability and user experiences
Excursions into everyday spaces : mapping aesthetic potentiality of urban environments through preaesthetic sensitivities
Explaining users' critical incidents of physical mobile interactions
Between truth and fiction : a reader in literature and Christian theology
Learning and knowledge
Serious game design : supporting collaborative learning and investigating learners' experiences
Conserving and valuing ecosystem services and biodiversity : economic, institutional, and social challenges
Collaborative planning of urban green infrastructure : need, quality, evaluation, and design
Science and religious experience : are they similar forms of knowledge?
From green fingers to green eyes : exploring the conception of knowledge and knowledge construction of horticultural entrepreneurs
Better consciousness : Schopenhauer's philosophy of value
Sport, recreation and tourism event management : theoretical and practical dimensions
How to build an experience differentiation strategy for software business : customer values perspective
An essay concerning human understanding
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Experiencing and evaluating digital augmentation of public urban places
The contents of visual experience
Cross-platform functionality in practice : exploring the influence of system composition on user experiences of personal exercise monitoring
Working with indigenous knowledge : a guide for researchers
The criticism of experience
Abstract: Building a cognitive gaming platform : User centric gaming experiences with organic movement. The increasing focus on efficiency and optimizing the way people think and work has led to a new area of serious gaming – cognitive games. The rise of modern web rendering technologies has enabled the creation of visually interesting cognitive games on browser based technologies. The goal of this study was to assess the applicability of using modern browser technologies to create a user centric cognitive gaming platform and the useof mathematical formulas in organic rendering. The approach discusses the current market situation and the products and methods of cognitive gaming as well as the technologies involved. The user centric approach is studied through user experience design as well as graphic design and animation aspects. The reference implementation is project CCA; a user centric cognitive gaming platform built on top of Adobe Flash that uses seemingly organic movement rendering. The technical implementation is discussed from the platform client-server aspect as well as an overview of the structure of the front end architecture. The rendering engine methods go through the 2D –based rendering of mathematical formulas, the use of continuous Bezier curves in organic movement and the creative ways of using Perlin noise to generate textures as well as movement. Optimization of complex rendering and platform building is an essential part of the process. The results show the viability of using modern browser based technologies in the creation of a cognitive gaming platform. Through the use of optimization and creative mathematical solutions, as well as tending to user experience needs a successful product is built. The project platform is used in medical trials, as well as the Science Changing the World Exhibition shown in science centers around Europe. This study stands as a testament to the possibilities of cognitive end user training and a guide on the aspects of building a successful gaming platform.
On the experiences of Finnish engineers as language users in a professional context
Local knowledge, sustainability and visionscapes in Greenland
An introduction to philosophical analysis
Taking over the management and ownership of a farm contributes positively to farm growth but little is known about how farmers succeed after the starting phase. We analysed how farmers that have recently started their farm enterprises are going to develop their farms and how do they differ from more experienced farmers in some key farm management areas. Data were collected by postal survey from farmers of the Salo region in South-Western Finland. Farmers were categorized into three different groups according to a combination of their age and experience. Farmers who were in the early phase of taking over a farm had better education and better networks than their older counterparts. Younger farmers considered their networks to be more important than did their senior colleagues. The early phase farmer group invested significantly more and had more liabilities than the other two groups. Moreover, early phase farmers were the most active at developing their farms. The late phase farmers were the least active, even when they knew they were going to transfer their farm to next generation within the next few years. Farms should be developed continuously in order to improve the viability of whole farming sector.
The metaphysics of experience
Interpersonal relations in nursing : a conceptual frame of reference for psychodynamic nursing
John Dewey's ethics : democracy as experience
The Accumulation Process of Knowledge in Family Firms
Insight and illusion : Wittgenstein on philosophy and the metaphysics of experience
Conversational learning : an experiential approach to knowledge creation
Rethinking foreign policy analysis : states, leaders, and the microfoundations of behavioral international relations
Aesthetics of movement and everyday aesthetics
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Experience and prediction : an analysis of the foundations and the structure of knowledge
Mapping the user experience : development of a validated instrument from the plans and scripts of the computer community of practice
On the constitution of experiential knowledge
Theology, anthropology and neuroscience
Experiments for knowledge and health : Robert Boyle (1627-1691) and the uses of medical experiment
Appraisal of the Performance of green facilities : evaluation as a viable assessment  performance measurement tool
Philosophical sketches
Abstract: This study explores the conditions of good work in IT consultancy business. The objectives of the study are to find the attributes that employees consider important for good work in an IT consultancy business, and to examine the present conditions in the case company for the good work as well as how the likelihood for good work could be improved.    The concept of good work is used as a framework for this study and supported by the model for engagement and the factors affecting it. The model is built on the theory of motivation and the experience of flow as seen from the individual's perspective as well as the theory of positive deviance and transformational leadership, as seen from the organization's socio cultural point of view. In the literature review, quite many topics studied were found to be overlapping and linked to different theories. As a result, the attributes from the theoretical framework were grouped under six headings of empowerment, meaningfulness, relatedness, communication, rewards & recognition and leadership.    This research is a qualitative type of research with the data coming from two main sources. The first source is the survey questionnaire based on the literature review, which was responded by 64 people representing the population both from the product development and IT consulting employees in the case company. The second source is the interview and open discussion with eight employees in the case company.    In order to answer the research question, the results were compiled from the question-naires and interviews and analyzed against the theoretical framework to understand what people see as the characteristics for each of six headings and to what extent the conditions for good work are met in case organization. Additionally the implications were discussed and recommendations were prepared for the management and employees that could enhance the opportunities for doing the good work in the case company meeting the standards for excellence and ethics and at the same time leading to a feeling of well being in employees. The recommendations are subsequently validated in the case organization by the reference group formed by the researcher.
Info screens as instruments for value co-creation : case: vehicle inspection industry
Changing the message : a handbook for experiental prevention
Perception and reason
Experience and knowledge management in software engineering
Hobbyist knowing in product development : desirable objects and passion for sports in Suunto Corporation
Two ways to justify teachers' practical knowing
Human knowing : a prelude to metaphysics
Traumatized borders : reviving subversive narratives of b/order, and other : projektiesittely
See, feel, think, do : the power of instinct in business
Existential-phenomenological perspectives in psychology : exploring the breadth of human experience
Current controversies in epistemology
Experience : culture, cognition, and the common sense
Experience offers a reading experience like no other. A heat-sensitive cover by Olafur Eliasson reveals words, colors, and a drawing when touched by human hands. Endpapers designed by Carsten Holler are printed in ink containing carefully calibrated quantities of the synthesized human pheromones estratetraenol and androstadienone, evokingthe suggestibility of human desire. The margins and edges of the book are designed by Tauba Auerbach in complementary colors that create a dynamically shifting effect when the book is shifted or closed. When the book is opened, bookmarks cascade from the center, emerging from spider web prints by Tomas Saraceno. Experience produces experience while bringing the concept itself into relief as an object of contemplation. The sensory experience of the book as a physical object resonates with the intellectual experience of the book as a container of ideas. Experience convenes a conversation with artists, musicians, philosophers, anthropologists, historians, and neuroscientists, each of whom explores aspects of sensorial and cultural realms of experience.
Negotiating knowledge : evidence and experience in development NGOs
Strategic objectives and development plans of beginning farmers
The use of relational knowledge after repatriation : Case ABB Oy
How to succeed in knowledge transfer : case study of Scandinavian Alliance in Ukraine
The memory illusion : remembering, forgetting, and the science of false memory
Electronic banking in Finland : consumer beliefs, attitudes, intentions and behaviors
Embodiment in Dalcroze Eurhythmics
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Testing user experience in tablet game graphics
Subjects of experience
Living one day at a time : Parental dilemmas of managing the experience and the care of childhood cancer
