http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3804 linguistic geography
linguistic geography
Syntactic variation : the dialects of Italy
Perceptions of place : twenty-first-century interpretations of English place-name studies
Dialectology
A boundary between northern and southern Saami culture and language
Historical dialectology : regional and social
Linguistic minorities, society and territory
The computer developed linguistic atlas of England. 1
The African heritage of American English
Defining a linguistic area : South Asia
Bilingual youth : Spanish in English-speaking societies
A survey of applied linguistics
Areal distribution and typological diversity of languages spoken in Europe and North and Central Asia. Vol. 2, Typological diversity of languages spoken in Europe and North and Central Asia
International English : a guide to varieties of standard English
Research perspectives on English for academic purposes
Dialect survey of Malayalam : (Ezhava-Tiiya)
Subtypes of asymmetric standard negation
Computational overview of Finnish hydronyms
Robert McCrum, coauthor of the best-selling book and television series The Story of English, shows how the language of the Anglo-American imperium has become the world's lingua franca. --from vendor description.
A grammar of the Bedouin dialects of central and southern Sinai
Language typology and historical contingency : in honor of Johanna Nichols
Methods XI : eleventh International Conference on Methods in Dialectology, 5-9 August 2002, University of Joensuu, Finland : abstracts
The language and culture atlas of Ashkenazic Jewry. Volume 3, The eastern Yiddish - western Yiddish continuum
Language and culture contact and attitudes among first generation Australian Finns
The languages of Australia
Microparametric syntax and dialect variation
Made in America : an informal history of the English language in the United States
An Areal-typological perspective to evidentiality : the cases of Balkan and Baltic lingusitic areas
Language atlas of China. Pt. 1
More Englishes : new studies in varieties of English 1988-1994
By hook or by crook : a journey in search of English
Valuing all languages in Europe
Handbook of the Linguistic atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States
Linguistic expansions in Eurasia : patterns and principles
20th Scandinavian Conference of Linguistics
Ethnolinguistic Chicago : language and literacy in the city's neighborhoods
The companion to Hispanic studies
Ambivalent self-understanding? : change, language and boundaries in Shetland Islands (1970-present)
Europe and the Mediterranean as linguistic areas : convergencies from a historical and typological perspective
Baltu valodu atlants : prospekts = Baltų kalbų atlasas : prospektas = Atlas of the Baltic languages : a prospect
Atlas of languages of intercultural communication in the Pacific, Asia, and the Americas. Vol. 2, 1-2, Texts
Up Cambridge : prepositional locative expressions in dialect speech : a corpus-based study of the Cambridgeshire dialect
A linguistic geography of Africa
Languages in Britain and Ireland
Language and dialect atlas of Kenya. Vol. 1, Geographical and historical introduction, language and society, selected bibliography
An official status for minority languages? : a study of state languages in Russias Finno-Ugric Republics
Cross-linguistic studies on relative constructions in European languages are often centred on standard varieties as described in reference grammars. This volume breaks with the tradition in that it investigates relative constructions in non-standard varieties from a multidisciplinary perspective and addresses a crucial question: what does Europe's typological panorama actually look like?
Atlas of the languages and ethnic communities of South Asia
Geographical typology and linguistic areas : with special reference to Africa
This paper deals with the Uralic languages, their regional distribution and relationship with one another. The Uralic languages are spoken in a large area in North and Central Eurasia. Most of the Uralic languages are seriously endangered minority languages - only Finnish, Hungarian, and Estonian are principal national languages spoken in independent countries. Despite being relatives, the Uralic languages differ remarkably from one another. In the west, the Uralic languages have had most intensive relationships with Indo-European languages, and in the east, with Turkic languages. The differences within the language group carry information regarding these contacts. In the research of the Uralic languages, the proto-languages and the original home of the peoples speaking these languages have attracted particular interest. Comparative and historical methods and archaeology have been important in the research of the history of the Uralic languages.
The old Babylonian loan contract : its history and geography
Multilingualism in the Soviet Union : Aspects of language policy and its implementation
Languages of the Himalayas : an ethnolinguistic handbook of the greater Himalayan Region : containing an introduction to the symbiotic theory of language
The ubiquity of mouthings in NGT : a corpus study
Living with languages : the contemporary Swiss model
The Oxford handbook of case
Ancient Celtic place-names in Europe and Asia Minor
Linguistic landscapes of a minoritized regional majority : language ideologies among Hungarians in South-West Slovakia
Australian English : the language of a new society
Helsinki as a multilingual city
No Abavas līdz Zilupei : vietvārdu colmes īsā vārdnīca = From Abava to Zilupe : the origin of Latvian geographical names : a short dictionary
Relative constructions in European non-standard varieties
The atlas of Pidgin and Creole language structures
Multilingualism in the British Isles. 2, Africa, the Middle East and Asia
The atlas of languages : the origin and development of languages throughout the world
English dialects
Scholars have most often concentrated on the retention and upkeep of native languages along with the trend in assimilation to American society and the dominant English language. Seldom have we studied other languages that are spoken and maintained by the immigrant communities. This paper examines new data available through the Minnesota Population Center and the newly developed Integrated Public Use Microdata Series (IPUMS) data base. By analyzing past and current U.S. Census data, distinct trends in languages spoken at home are encountered helping us project changes to come in years ahead. Questions of dominant languages across the United States reveal that Spanish speaking Nordic Americans are increasing at high rates. Regional clustering of Spanish speakers and surprising fi ndings as to the rank of each national language within each ethnic group are investigated. These findings are significant in helping us gain a better understanding of the changing linguistic practices of each Nordic group.
Areal diffusion and genetic inheritance : problems in comparative linguistics
Contested tongues : language politics and cultural correction in Ukraine
Areal distribution and typological diversity of languages spoken in Europe and North and Central Asia. Vol. 1, Areal distribution of languages spoken in Europe and North and Central Asia
The evolution of the linguistic situation in Finland
Language planning and policy in Europe. Vol. 3, The Baltic states, Ireland and Italy
The yearbook of South Asian languages and linguistics 2001 : Tokyo Symposium on South Asian Languages Contact, Convergence and Typology
An atlas of English dialects
This handbook provides a comprehensive account of current research on case and the morphological and syntactic phenomena associated with it. The semantic roles and grammatical relations indicated by case are fundamental to the whole system of language and have long been a central concern of descriptive and theoretical linguistics. The book opens with the editors' synoptic overview of the main lines of research in the field, which sets out the main issues, challenges, and debates. Some sixty scholars from all over the world then report on the state of play in theoretical, typological, diachronic, and psycholinguistic research. They assess cross-linguistic work on case and case-systems and evaluate a variety of theoretical approaches. They examine current issues and debates from historical, areal, socio-linguistic and psycholinguistic perspectives. The final part of the book consists of a set of overviews of case systems representative of some of the world's major language families. The book is fully cross-referenced, referenced, and indexed.It will be of central interest to all scholars and advanced students of syntax and morphology as well as to those working in associated subjects in semantics, typology, and psycholinguistics.
Habla Español? : the growing number of Spanish speaking Nordic Americans
On the causes of the splitting into dialects
Map of Somali dialects in the Somali Democratic Republic : with supplement: Speech variation in Somalia with 6 maps and foreword by Andrzej Zaborski
A history of American English
Dialects
Language variation in North American English : research and teaching
'Triangulation' of diachrony, dialectology and typology
Studies in variation, contacts and change in english
Nonstandard varieties of language : papers from the Stockholm Symposium, 11-13 April, 1991
Languages of interethnic communication on the Indian subcontinent (excluding Nepal) : [text with 3 maps]
Language in geographic context
The structure of the Baltic prosodic area and the place of Estonian dialects in it
Tribal linguistics in India : a bibliographical survey of international resources
Mongolic as an expansive language family
A linguistic atlas of Pennsylvania German
Class, language and education : class struggle and sociolinguistics in an African situation
The languages of the world
A manual of linguistic field work and structures of Indian languages
Globish : how the English language became the world's language
"This volume of papers from the 14th International Conference on Methods in Dialectology, held at the University of Western Ontario (Canada), 2 to 6 August 2011, brings together recent methodological innovations and current research on the study of dialects and language variation".
Atlas of the world's languages
German influence on Australian English
The Uralic languages
Siberia : the languages of the Soviet North
A language suppressed : the pronunciation of the Scots language in the 18th century
Atlas of languages of intercultural communication in the Pacific, Asia, and the Americas. Vol. 2, 2, Texts
Countries, peoples and their languages
Derivation in Middle English : regional and text type variation
Contemporary French cultures and societies
Dialect and language variation
Multilingualism in the British Isles. 1, The older mother tongues and Europe
Language diversity and language contact
The languages of Manchuria in today's China
The making of vernacular Singapore English : system, transfer, and filter
The realisation of prominence in three varieties of standard spoken Finnish
Atlas of the world's languages in danger of disappearing
The Cambridge history of the English language. Vol. 5, English in Britain and Overseas : origins and development
Perceptual dialectology : nonlinguists' views of areal linguistics
Proceedings of Methods XIV : papers from the Fourteenth International Conference on Methods in Dialectology, 2011
Variation im Raum = Variation and space
French in Canada : language issues
Collected papers : Dravidian linguistics, ethnology and folktales
Francophone literatures : a literary and linguistic companion
English speaking countries and varieties of English in teaching : a study of Finnish lower secondary school teaching materials
Variation and change in the rhotics of Brazilian Portuguese
Verhandlungen des Internationalen Dialektologenkongresses = Proceedings of the International Congress of Dialectologists = Communications du Congrès International de Dialectologie, Bamberg 29.7.-4.8.1990. Bd 1, Plenarvorträge = Plenary lectures = Séances plénières : Computative Datenverarbeitung = Computational data processing = Traitement de l'information par ordinateur : Dialektgliederung und Dialektklassifikation = Dialect structure and classification = Structure dialectale et classification des dialectes
A geolinguistic handbook
The computer developed linguistic atlas of England. 2
Politics and sociolinguistic reflexes : palestinian border villages
Stability and divergence in language contact : factors and mechanisms
Northern minority languages : problems of survival
Commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Y.H. Toivonen
On observing real-time language change : a Swedish case study
Francis Lieber's brief and practical German grammar
The language and culture atlas of Ashkenazic Jewry. Volume 2, Research tools
Academic writing for international students of business
English language and literature : cross cultural currents
Language description, history and development : linguistic indulgence in memory of Terry Crowley
The Cambridge encyclopedia of the English language
Northern Philippine linguistic geography
The language and culture atlas of Ashkenazic Jewry. Volume 1, Historical and theoretical foundations
A linguistic atlas of late mediaeval English
Language atlas of the Pacific area
Siberia, Northeast China
From linguistic areas to areal linguistics
Linguistic atlas of the Punjab
He-said-she-said : talk as social organization among black children
Tibeto-Burman languages of the Himalayas
The Altaic-speakers of China : numbers and distribution
