http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3807 sport psychology
sport psychology
Sport psychology : a student's handbook
Psychological dynamics of sport
Sports are perhaps the most visible expression of the ideals of masculinity in our society, and figure as a training ground on which young boys are taught what it means to be a man. Given the involvement of sports with masculinity, the homosexual athlete becomes a paradox, and the recent explosive growth of gay sporting leagues, a puzzle. Pronger explores the paradoxical position of the gay athlete in a straight sporting world, examines the homoerotic undercurrent subliminally present in the masculine struggle of sports, and explicates the growth of gay sports in the framework of the developing gay culture.
Sports psychology basics
Doing exercise pscyhology
Sport psychology : concepts and applications
Psychology of sports : a social psychological approach
Key concepts in sport psychology
How Bad Do You Want It? describes a new psychobiological model of endurance performance connecting the mind and body through the brain, and explains how athletes are sometimes able to overcome physical limitations with mental might. Each story in the book is viewed through the lens of this model, shedding new light on what science has to say about mental fortitude in sports. With its compelling accounts from triathlon, cycling, running, rowing, and swimming, How Bad Do You Want It? puts readers on the sidelines of more than a dozen epic races while also digging into the science to share the how and why of each transformative moment. How Bad Do You Want It? includes: Steve Prefontaine, Greg LeMond, Siri Lindley, Sammy Wanjiru, Cadel Evans, Paula Newby-Fraser, Jenny Barringer, Ned Overend, Ryan Vail, Thomas Voeckler, Willie Stewart, and Joseph Sullivan.
Contemporary sport psychology is a rapidly developing and theoretically rich discipline, and a sophisticated and challenging profession. The Routledge International Handbook of Sport Psychology offers a comprehensive and authoritative guide to contemporary sport psychology in all its aspects. Written by a team of world-leading researchers and practitioners from five continents, including both established scholars and the best emerging talents, the book traces the contours of the discipline of sport psychology, introducing fundamental theory, discussing key issues in applied practice, and exploring the most important themes, topics and debates across the sport psychology curriculum. Uniquely, the book presents comparative studies of the history and contemporary practice of sport psychology in ten countries, including the US, UK, China, Japan, Brazil, Russia and Israel, helping the reader to understand the cultural and contextual factors that shape international practice in sport psychology. As well as covering in depth the core pillars of sport psychology, from motivation and cognition to group dynamics, the book also includes a full section on cultural sport psychology, a vital but under-explored sub-discipline that is having a profound influence on contemporary theory and practice. With 56 chapters and unparalleled range, depth and currency, the Routledge Handbook of International Sport Psychology is an essential addition to any library with a serious holding in sport psychology.
Group dynamics in sport
Psychology in professional sports and the performing arts : challenges and strategies
Myths and facts about football : the economics and psychology of the world's greatest sport
Psychophysiology of phasic preparation for skilled performance : an experimental study of sharpshooting
Pain and injury in sport : social and ethical analysis
Behavioural regulation, mental toughness, and achievement goals : a cross-cultural comparison between Singaporean and Finnish youth athletes
Injured athlete in team sports : - how to help the athlete psychologically through the injury
Sport psychology : a practical guide
Ready notes to accompany The psychology of physical activity
Innovations in sport psychology : linking theory and practice : Israel - July 5-9, 1997 : proceedings. Part 1
The psychology of concentration in sport performers : a cognitive analysis
Physical education : The behavior modification approach
Sport psychology research in the Nordic Countries : proceedings of the II Nordic sport psychology meeting April 24-25, 1999
The total sports experience - for kids : a parents' guide to success in youth sports
The Mental athlete
Contemporary advances in sport psychology : a review
Doing sport psychology
Psychology in contemporary sport : guidelines for coaches and athletes
Podium : what shapes a sporting champion?
Applied exercise psychology : a practitioner's guide to improving client health and fitness
Making sense of sports
Optimising performance in golf.
The sport scientists: research adventures
Journal of sport & exercise psychology
Sport psychology research in the nordic countries : proceedings of the II Nordic Sport Psychology Meeting, April 23-25, 1999, Jyväskylä, Finland ; edited by Juha Kokkonen, Timo Jaakkola & Jarmo Liukkonen
Sports and identity : new agendas in communication
Case studies in sport psychology
Clinical sport psychology
In this new fifth edition, Orlick provides the most effective strategies and step-by-step plans for you to develop your personal path to excellence. You'll learn to focus for excellence while living and enjoying life to the fullest. You'll gain a more positive outlook, a more focused commitment, better ways of dealing with distractions and pressures, and strategies for overcoming obstacles. You'll also achieve greater personal and professional satisfaction and discover better ways to work with teammates, respond more effectively to coaching and guidance, and become more positive and self-directed in your thoughts and actions. Both practical and inspirational, "In Pursuit of Excellence" is a guide to daily living and motivation as well as a road map to long-term achievement. Read it, use it, and win with it-- personally and professionally.
Psychological and sociological factors in sport
Sport psychology : the key concepts
Sport psychology : the basics
Mastering your inner game
Sports in society : issues & controversies
The effect of mental training using biofeedback on adolescents engaging in sport
Developmental sport and exercise psychology : a lifespan perspective
Overtraining, staleness, and burnout in sports
Sport and physical activity for mental health
User orientation through experience : a study of hobbyist knowing in product development
Psychosocial impact of career-ending injuries in professional ice hockey players : a qualitative study
Pediatric sports medicine
Sport psychology in practice
Stillpower : excellence with ease in sports and life
Essential readings in sport and exercise psychology
7th ENYSSP workshop : book of abstracts : 11th-13th october, 2011
Sporting body, sporting mind : an athlete's guide to mental training
Introduction to kinesiology : studying physical activity
Ultimate fighting and embodiment : violence, gender and mixed martial arts
Drive and determination : developing your inner motivation
Advances in sport psychology
Leading with the heart : coach K's successful strategies for basketball, business, and life
Risk taking : performing your best during critical times
Adherence issues in sport and exercise
Coping and emotion in sport
The making of high-performance athletes : discipline, diversity, and ethics
Mapping knowledge and experience about sport psychology consulting among Finnish premier football coaches
On the correlation of psychological characteristics within recreational marathon runners
Addiction to exercise : a symptom or a disorder?
Innovations in sport psychology : linking theory and practice : Israel - July 5-9, 1997 : proceedings. Part 2
Medical and psychological aspects of sport and exercise
Why the Pain? What's the Gain? takes you on a guided tour of humankind's 3000-year wayward search for the perfect workout; from the dirt courtyards of the ancient Greek gymnasium to the birth of the modern gym in 19th-century Paris; to the weekend, beachside Olympic-caliber gymnasts of Santa Monica and Sydney. Daniel Kunitz seeks the answer to a simple yet profound question: Why do we work out? We will listen in on the innovators and charlatans who lifted the multibillion-dollar business of gym-fitness into being. We will learn how the women's movement sparked an enormous exercise boom and tell the story not only of how we arrived at the big-box gym era but also of the last decade's acceleration into a new fitness frontier. Daniel Kunitz puts himself through the grit and pain of the cross fit, parkour and tough mudder regimes, searching not just for new-found physique, but on a quest to understand the pain and more precisely the gain of working out.
A collective case study of athletic identity and successful injury rehabilitation
Psychological behavior in sport
The sport psychologist
Bewegung und Sport : psychologische Grundlagen und Wirkungen : Bericht über den VIII. Europäischen Kongress für Sportpsychologie = Movement und sport : psychological foundations and effects : proceedings of the VIIIth European Congress of Sport Psychology. Band 1, Motivation, emotion, stress
The rise of superman : decoding the science of ultimate human performance
Acceptance and value -based psychological coaching intervention for elite female floorball players
Pure sport : practical sport psychology
Sport psychology
Psychobiology of physical activity
Sport psychology : the psychological health of the athlete
Soccer : the mind game
The practice of sport psychology
Why the pain, what's the gain? : the quest for extreme fitness
Sport psychology : from theory to practice
Sport psychology : performance enhancement, performance inhibition, individuals, and teams
Sport psychology : theory, applications and issues
Psychology of sport training
International journal of sport and exercise psychology : the official journal of the International Society of Sport Psychology
The psychology of high-performance track and field
Contemporary sport psychology : proceedings from the VI World Congress in Sport Psychology
An action research case study intervention : psychological skills training program in high school
Sites of sport : space, place experience
Literature reviews in sport psychology : Sheldon Hanton and Stephen Mellalieu, editors
Developing sport psychology within your clinical practice
Interceptive actions in sport : information and movement
Performance-related affective experiences in elite shooters during the preparation season
High performance gymnastics
Performance-related emotions in highly skilled soccer players : a longitudinal study based on the IZOF model
Understanding sports coaching : the social, cultural and pedagogical foundations of coaching
Psychological dynamics of sport and exercise
Performance Psychology : Perception, Action, Cognition, and Emotion
Understanding sport behavior
Single-case research methods in sport and exercise psychology
Physical education and the study of sport
Case studies in applied sport psychology : an educational approach
"This volume of essays examines the ways in which sports have become a means for the communication of social identity in the United States. The essays included here explore the question, How is identity engaged in the performance and spectatorship of sports? Defining sports as the whole range of mediated professional sports, and considering actual participation in sports, the chapters herein address a varied range of ways in which sports as a cultural entity becomes a site for the creation and management of symbolic components of identity.Originating in the New Agendas in Communication symposium sponsored by the University of Texas College of Communication, this volume provides contemporary explorations of sports and identity, highlighting the perspectives of up-and-coming scholars and researchers. It has much to offer readers in communication, sociology of sport, human kinetics, and related areas".
European yearbook of sport psychology
"For serious players and coaches. Relaxation and focus techniques, imagery/visualization/simulation; science instead of guesswork."--Cover.
Achievement motivation, physiological responses, and achievement-related activities
School sport psychology : perspectives, programs, and procedures
Fair and foul : beyond the myths and paradoxes of sport
The psychology of physical activity
Routledge international handbook of sport psychology
With approximately 1 in 6 adults likely to experience a significant mental health problem at any one time (Office for National Statistics), research into effective interventions has never been more important. During the past decade there has been an increasing interest in the role that sport and physical activity can play in the treatment of mental health problems, and in mental health promotion. The benefits resulting from physiological changes during exercise are well documented, including improvement in mood and control of anxiety and depression. Research also suggests that socio-cultural and psychological changes arising from engagement in sport and physical activity carry valuable mental health benefits. Sport and Physical Activity for Mental Health is an evidence-based practical guide for nurses, allied health professionals, social workers, physical activity leaders, and sport coaches. The authors provide comprehensive analysis of a broad range of client narratives, integrating theory and the latest research to explore the effectiveness of various interventions. The book offers readers detailed recommendations, suggestions, and ideas as to how sport and physical activity opportunities can be tailored to provide the greatest mental health benefits.
Coaching, athletics, and psychology
Coping in sport : theory, methods, and related constructs
In pursuit of excellence
Learning experiences in sport psychology
Football : raise your mental game
Concentration : focus your mind, power your game
Sport and exercise participation : motivation and barriers : proceedings of the Sport Psychology Conference organised by the Centre for Physical Education and Sport, and the Physical Education and Sports Science Unit of the University of Hong Kong, sponsored by the Hong Kong  Sports Development Board : (November 26-27, 1993)
Journal of applied sport psychology
How bad do you want it? : mastering the psychology of mind over muscle
Current research topics in exercise and sport psychology in Europe
Optimising performance in golf
Psychological foundations of sport
Heart rate variability as a physiological indicator or mental toughness
Cultural sport psychology
Winning ugly : mental warfare in tennis - lessons from a master
Sporting excellence : optimising sports performance using NLP
The long-term injured competitive athlete : a study of psychosocial risk factors
The arena of masculinity : sports, homosexuality, and the meaning of sex
Exploring sport and exercise psychology
Biomechanics of sport
Psychological factors affecting the participation of pregnant women in physical activities in Uganda
Critical essays in applied sport psychology
Sport psychiatry : theory and practice
Social facilitation, motivation and motor ability
Body Mind Mastery : creating success in sport and life
Eating disorders in sport
Sport and exercise psychology : a critical introduction
Perceptions of specialists in elite level sports about the Finnish sport system and sport psychology : a qualitative investigation
The basic psychological needs in physical education scale in Filipino
Sport psychology interventions
New approaches to sport and exercise psychology
What is single-case research? How can single-case methods be used within sport and exercise? Single-case research is a powerful method for examining change in outcome variables such as behaviour, performance and psychological constructs, and for assessing the efficacy of interventions. It has innumerable uses within the context of sport and exercise science, such as in the development of more effective performance techniques for athletes and sportspeople and in helping us to better understand exercise behaviours in clinical populations. However, the fundamental principles and techniques of single-case research have not always been clearly understood by students and researchers working in these fields. Single-Case Research Methods in Sport and Exercise Psychology is the first book to fully explain single-case research in the context of sport and exercise. Starting with first principles, the book offers a comprehensive introduction to the single-case research process, from study design to data analysis and presentation. Including case studies and examples from across sport and exercise psychology, the book provides practical guidance and demonstrates the advantages and common pitfalls of single-case research.
Foundations of exercise psychology
Solutions in sport psychology
Stillpower : the inner source of athletic excellence
Essential processes for attaining peak performance
Coaching for the inner edge
Psychology and sociology of sport : current selected research. Volume 1
The sport psychologist's handbook : a guide for sport-specific performance enhancement
Counselling athletes : applying reversal theory
Foundations of sport and exercise psychology : study guide
Hockey tough
Applied psychology
Autonomy support, basic needs satisfaction, motivation regulation, and well-being among elite level ballet dancers in Russian speaking countries
The book “High Performance Gymnastics” is a state-of-the-art documentation of sport science research in artistic and rhythmic gymnastics, coming from a collaboration between Brazil and Germany, and referring to the III. SIGARC congress, hosted 2012 in Sao Paulo (Brazil). International renowned authors provide in-detail discussions in the fields of artistic and rhythmic gymnastics. Psychological topics, such as the role of the coach in gymnastics or athletes’ perceptions towards gymnastics are discussed, as well as topics from biomechanics, training science, or history.
Frameworks for sport psychologists : enhancing sport performance
Stress and performance in sport
Functional limitations and quality of life in schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders
Sports psychology in performance
