http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3803 registration
registration
Mosby's surefire documentation
Report of the Expert Consultation on Fishing Vessels Operating under Open Registries and their Impact on Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing : Miami, Florida, United States of America, 23-25 September 2003.
Documenting occupational therapy practice
Marketing of forest reproductive material : the use of microsatellites for identification of registered tree clones in Finland
NGO work in Tanzania : highlights of relevant facts, policies and laws
The legal aspects of the Community trade mark
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motor vehicles in Finland. 2002.
Documenting individual identity : the development of state practices in the modern world
International code of nomenclature for cultivated plants : (I.C.N.C.P. or Cultivated plant code) : incorporating the rules and recommendations for naming plants in cultivation : [proceedings of the meetings of the I.U.B.S. Commission for the Nomenclature of Cultivated Plants]
Guidelines on procedures for the registration certification and testing of new pesticide application equipment
Moottoriajoneuvot 2004 = Motor vehicles in Finland
Brands in B2B markets and how to protect the brand elements : case Mikro-Pulssi Oy and trademark ExAct
Ruling the root : Internet governance and the taming of cyberspace
Children in homosexual families : report from the Commission on the situation of children in homosexual families = Barn i homosexuella familjer : Summary
Virtual acoustics rendering in MPEG-4 multimedia standard
Algebraic methods for constructing blur-invariant operators and their applications
Establishing and doing business in Finland
Plasma interleukin-1 beta and sleep architecture in schizophrenia and other nonaffective psychoses
Observation and record keeping in early childhood programs
Pipe organ registration
The registration and monitoring of sex offenders : a comparative study
The spatial distribution of international ship registries 1981-2000
Annual activity report
Bareboat Charter (Ship) registration
Moottoriajoneuvot 2007 = Motorfordon = Motor vehicles in Finland
Recording in social work : not just an administrative task
Effective documentation for physical therapy professionals
Landraces in Finland : proposal for varietal research, registration and maintenance system of cereal, forage grass and legume landraces and old commercial cultivars
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Geomagnetic Observatory Data Acquisition and Processing : Nurmijärvi Geophysical Observatory, Finland, May 15-25, 1989
Manual on the development and use of FAO specifications for plant protection products
The great reputation of your brand ... can be registered in Finland
Handbook on maritime law. 3 B, Registration of vessels; mortgages on vessels : Pakistan - Yogoslavia
Moottoriajoneuvot 2010 = Motorfordon = Motor vehicles in Finland
Import of fruits from Spain to Finland : case Karamelo Citrus S.L.L
Recording archaeological field monuments : a descriptive specification
Organ stops and their use
Establishing a business in the Kaluga region of Russia : a guide for foreign business people
Doing business in Finland : taxation, accounting
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motor vehicles in Finland. 1999.
The OTA's guide to writing SOAP notes
The complete book of pesticide management : science, regulation, stewardship, and communication
Ship registration
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motorfordon = Motor vehicles in Finland. 2006.
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motor vehicles in Finland. 1997
Manual on development and use of FAO and WHO specifications for pesticides
Sites & monuments : national archaeological records
Moottoriajoneuvot 2008 = Motorfordon = Motor vehicles in Finland
"This book seeks to track the origins of sex offender registers, their purpose and the law and policy that underpins them in various parts of the world. Sex offender registers are not really registers at all but a set of 'legal requirements' that fall automatically on a person convicted or cautioned for a designated sexual offence; the term 'register' is a form of shorthand for these requirements, designed to be a contribution to greater public protection and community safety. This book provides the first serious and detailed narrative of the conception and implementation of the sex offender registers. It seeks to do so in a clear and easy to follow text that will be both informed and critical and will also serve as a resource book for those wanting to make further study of the process of registration and monitoring. It looks in detail at the practice of implementing registers and considers questions about their effectiveness in monitoring sex offenders and the implications of someone being on a sex offender register. The book examines the legal challenges to registers and monitoring and the position of registrants in the context of human rights and seeks to place registers and monitoring in the wider context of what is being called the surveillance society. The Registration and Monitoring of Sex Offenders will be key reading for students of criminology and criminal justice, surveillance and human rights and practitioners in criminal justice fields of policing, probation, social work, children's services, the judiciary, prison work and others"--
Electrocardiographic repolarization during stress from awakening on alarm call
Moottoriajoneuvot 2005 = Motorfordon = Motor vehicles in Finland
Handbook on maritime law. 3A, Registration of vessels, mortgages on vessels : Argentina-Norway
Moottoriajoneuvot 2011 = Motorfordon = Motor vehicles in Finland
Moottoriajoneuvot 2009 = Motorfordon = Motor vehicles in Finland
Headmovements of drivers : equipment and exploratory study
Vocal compositions in German organ tablatures 1550-1650 : a catalogue and commentary
Common regulations under the Madrid Agreement concerning the international registration of marks and the protocol relating to that agreement : adopted by the Assembly of the Madrid Union with effect from April 1, 1996
Domain name law and practice : an international handbook
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motor vehicles in Finland. 2001.
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motor vehicles in Finland. 2003.
Avenir guide to Russian taxes
Evaluation under REACH : progress report
Mathematical modelling with Chernobyl registry data : registry and concepts
Import of fruits from Spain to Finland
Hospitalizations due to injuries in Finland in 1980
"This heaving ocean of tones" : nineteenth-century organ registration practive at St Marien, Lübeck
