http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3817 operations models
operations models
Service operation
Nutraceuticals : efficacy, safety and toxicity
Recruitement model for Company Ltd and the impact of recruitment trends
Ecovillages : lessons for sustainable community
Examining business models of Software-as-a-Service companies
Pursuit of change versus organizational inertia : a study on strategic renewal in the Yleisradio Oy (Finnish broadcasting company)
Tracing the process of self-regulated learning : students' strategic activity in g/nStudy learning environment
Strategic development plan for La Paloma hotel in Nha Trang, Vietnam
Supply chain excellence : a handbook for dramatic improvement using the SCOR model
Spirituality and occupational therapy
Effects of new logistics services on restaurants' business model and strategy
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail? : case study of an agricultural commodity exchange
Businesss model generation for a nonprofit organization : Pirkanmaan Protopajaverkosto
Abstract: Project management in ICT organization : how to enable and support the unified way of working. The present thesis was made to Tieto Oyj. The aim of this thesis was to build a model on how a project manager works at Tieto and to develop a tool to support the model. The main focus of this thesis was the tool and its implementation. Many sections of this thesis are classified, so there is lot of material in the appendixes. The study was conducted as an action research. The objectives and research questions were formulized studying first the current situation by investigating employee satisfaction and customer satisfaction surveys. Moreover, an additional questionnaire about the tools was sent to the project managers. Actual work started at the end of 2009 and both the model and the tool were implemented during 2011. The theory base for this study was primarily in project management. Leadership, organization culture and change management theories were used as supporting theories. Based on the theories and the existing knowledge the model for solving the challenges was built. The model was then taken forward as a concept and a tool. As a result of this work the model, a frame, was build and it will function also as a model for the upcoming development work in Project Management area. Model identifies what kind of expectations there were for project managers and requirements for performing the tasks. The tool developed on the basis of the model gathers all the supported tools to one place, so that it is easier for project managers to find them. The tool also provides a view to the most important key performance indicators, latest documentation, support and it helps to keep contact with the project members. The implemented model for project management work is very useful and its development needs to continue. In addition the developed and implemented tool Project Desktop is only in its first production phase. Feedback from project managers about the tool has been very positive. The offered help and support for project managers has also affected positively on customer feedback. There are other development projects ongoing at the same time and it is important that these improved tools will be brought to the Project Desktop as well.
Educational mobile game : math jump, from concept to a published title
Fighting child labor : Nike in Pakistan and Cambodia : can one company help an entire nation?
The future of service business innovation
Emergency management exercises : from response to recovery, everything you need to know to design a great exercise
Codes of conduct in the garment industry : a comparative study of three multinational companies
Project management in ICT organization : how to enable and support the unified way of working
Digital service concepts and business models : current state and future prospects
Immunisation against infectious disease
Market research on luxury e-business in China
Exploring business models for medical games : key components and challenges
Inside the nudge unit : how small changes can make a big difference
Business modeling in turbulent environments
Understanding and addressing bullying : an international perspective
Import-Export Business Plan
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014 : analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Challenges for growth in small Finnish software firms : a multiple-case study
Self-regulation interventions and strategies : keeping the body, mind and emotions on task in children with autism, ADHD or sensory disrorders
Foodservice management fundamentals
Changing practice by reform : the recontextualisation of the Bologna process in teacher education
Experiencing emergence in organizations : local interaction and the emergence of global pattern
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
Climate change emergencies and European municipalities : guidelines for adaptation and response
Introduction to conflict management : improving performance using the TKI
The differences in the working relationship between a literary translator and an editor in the context of a big and a small Finnish publisher
Ten steps to innovation heaven : how to create future growth and competitive strength
Role of service and data reuse in enterprises
Virtual goods sales : new requirements for business modelling?
The globalised business environment has forced companies to improve efficiency, cost effectiveness and transparency especially in their support functions, such as financial administration. The strategy in many multinational enterprises has been to standardize business processes internationally and to jointly provide a specialized service from a Center of Excellence (CoE) for the local units in different countries. Introducing uniform processes for countries that have their own characteristics in business environment is not an easy task. The objective of this study was to examine the post-implementation challenges that have arisen in centralizing finance processes to off shore Centers of Excellence, focusing on one case company, Oy International Business Machines Ab (IBM Finland). IBM is the world's largest technology and consulting employer, with clients from 170 countries. The company has been one of the forerunners on international operating models. This study gives examples on the transfer of IBM Finland's treasury function to an in-house Center of Excellence in Bratislava in autumn 2010. The transfer was a part of IBM's Finance Transformation strategy which leads the enterprise towards a centralized operating model. The theoretical part discusses the background, reasoning and evaluation for centralizations in large multinational enterprises as well as the future insights within the phenomenon according to recent research articles. The empirical data was collected using thematic interviews in the case company with the finance professionals both in Finland and in the Treasury Center of Excellence in Slovakia. The findings of the study indicate that centralization has both soft, people related challenges and challenges in the process itself. The new operating model requires a broader set of skills from the finance specialists. The special characteristics of processes in different countries lead to the continued obligations for the country units to assist in the function, which is a great challenge since in the global operating model, country units struggle for resources. It is essential to find a balance for resources in the CoE and the country units to ensure continuity of knowhow and the required quality of the service.
Reinventing management : smarter choices for getting work done
Conceptual development of product lifecycle management
Rethinking foreign policy analysis : states, leaders, and the microfoundations of behavioral international relations
Who gets what and why :  the hidden world of matchmaking and market design
Interactional supervision
Reaching the peak : a manual for identifying, transferring and adopting innovations
Market analysis and business opportunity evaluation of entering Chinese medical waste treatment industry
Referat.
Concerns about food and energy security, coupled with increasing returns from agriculture, have increased interest in agricultural investments in developing countries. Public debates about "land grabbing" have questioned the socio-economic impacts of large-scale land acquisitions. There is new interest in business models involving collaboration between companies and communities. In Eastern Malaysia, community-investor business models have been implemented for several years to expand oil palm cultivation in customarily held lands. This report documents lessons learned through case studies of different business models.
Handbook of family business and family business consultation : a global perspective
Open government data: legal, economical, and semantic web aspects
Internationalization of Finnish food industry companies to Russian markets
Integrated ESSQ management : as a part of excellent operational and business management - a framework, integration and maturity
Network management : know it all
Innovation playbook : a revolution in business excellence
Visualising collective actions : the process of creating the ArtovaModel
Handbook of disaster policies and institutions : improving emergency management and climate change adaption
Major changes underway in European banking sector
Innovation development to new business in incumbent firms : a case study on the pharmaceutical companies in Finland
Impact of disruptions on collaborative business models and interorganizational networks in supply management : longitudinal contextual analysis of the business networks of two focal companies
E-business innovation and process management
Direct-2-fan business model in music business
Exploration to trends & product development : a framework to guide trend & consumer driven concept development
An investigation into factors for successful customer relationship management implementation : change, information technology and the human being
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Antipatterns : identification, refactoring, and management
Functional differences in Nordic Banks international branching models
Self-initiated design businesses : prevalent actions in design entrepreneurship
Towards regional development by Higher Education Institutions : an empirical study of a University of Applied Sciences
Business opportunity of municipal sewage sludge treatment in China
Study guide to accompany Foodservice management fundamentals
Community-investor business models : lessons from the oil palm sector in East Malaysia
The internationalization of Finnish foodstuff companies to Russia : focus on operation modes
Agricultural consultation in Finnish crop farming
Music industry's business models in the digital era focused on indie artists : a study case
IFRS 9 'Financial instruments' : anticipated effects of the standard change at Kesko Group
Eyes on the road : eye movements and the visual control of locomotion in curve driving
DENSY - Distributed Energy Systems 2003-2007 : final report
Journalism in change : journalistic culture in Poland, Russia and Sweden
Business model analysis on Android app stores
Nigeria`s WEEE market : business opportunity for Finnish SMEs
This paper is an overview on the Open Government Data (OGD) environment in the EU. It aims to point out the relevant legal issues together with the economic aspects arising from the disclosure and exploitation of OGD. Therefore, the paper highlights the noteworthy technological aspects related with the opening of OGD datasets. This survey is based on an interdisciplinary approach. Interdisciplinarity in the digital environment means that OGD should be considered as an integrated, interoperable and collaborative ecosystem. The main legislative source taken into account for the survey is the Directive 2003/98/EC on the re-use of public sector information as recently amended by the Directive 37/2013/EU..
Emotional states : sites and spaces of affective governance
Generations gardening together : sourcebook for intergenerational therapeutic horticulture
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Business models for Finnish biobanks : exploring commercial possibilities and barriers of biobanks
Essays on electronic business models and their evaluation
Evaluation of opportunities in e-waste processing facility investment in Pune, India
Local energy action : EU good practices
Analysis of procurement processes and volumes
Model for supply chain management to support organizational control : Case: Stora Enso
Business Plan for PG World Agency
ITIL V3 guide to software asset management
Social work practice
Operational policy making for professional security: practical policy skills for the public and private sector
Appreciative inquiry for change management : using AI to facilitate organizational development
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
A dynamic business model for high-tech industry in a global environment : the origin of operational patterns by means of social selection
Network management 100 success secrets: the complete guide to network management software, tools, systems, services and performance management
”Licence to SHOK?” : External evaluation of the strategic centres for science, technology and innovation
Exploration of network-based digital business ecosystems and the models within
Connected community - a new approach to business strategy
The objective is to measure direct and indirect competitors’ operating strategies, in order to evaluate their performance and make comparisons. The results are essential information for Coyoacán restaurant that will open on November 2014 on the street of Hallituskatu number 27. The 5 companies chosen represent the median values of all the competitors under a 93.75% certainty. The chosen “Subjects of Study” are: 1) Burgeribaari Kauppuri 5 (Bar & Grill Kauppuri 5 Oy) Fast-Food/Bar 2) Fit Wok (The Wokers Oy) 3) Indian Cuisine (Katiusa Oy) 4) Kiinalainen Ravintola Flavour Palace (Suo Zi Oy) 5) Tuba Food & Lounge (Oulu Tours Gorup Oy) Fast-Food/Bar Two “Subjects of Study” represent the Fast-Food/Bar business model, which is a trend of business model that many restaurants and bars are adopting, and they seem to be as well the most successful restaurants in Oulu city center area. Information is collected throughout two main sources researched, interviews and observation. First and second hand sources such as interviews, printed and online materials. All data gathered is spread into two main categories: The Marketing Mix 4 p’s and Jim Collin’s framework. With a 93.75% of certainty this research found out that the Business Model of the Fast-Food/Bar is the most efficient. The sales of alcohol, customer service features and logistics result in highly performance numbers. Subjects of study that fit with this business model are close to tripling the Net Sales of year 2013 in comparison to the rest of the companies. There is no evidence that necessarily hamburgers and beer is the key for success. However it is interesting to point-out that there is still not a Fast-Food/Bar in Oulu that wisely uses the same business model and presents a different menu with interesting and new ideas.
Turning consumers into partners : creating opportunities for business model innovation in retailing
Business model captured? : variation in the use of business models
The role of business model in computer game development organizations
Business model analysis in asset management : the case JRS Finanzmandate Gmbh
Connected community : a new approach to business strategy
Towards an innovative process of networked development for a new urban area :four theoretical approaches
Bank behaviour and resilience : the effect of structures, institutions and agents
Developing a crisis communication scorecard : outcomes of an international research project 2008-2011 (Ref.)
SWOT analyses of infrastructure  networks’ ownership and governance  models
The Royal Marsden Hospital manual of clinical nursing procedures
Designing and managing industrial product-service systems
Business models for Finnish biobanks : exploring commercial possiblities and barriers of biobanks
Business Modelling for ICT based services targeted to Intellectually Disabled People
Software product business: business models and processes : a practical approach to licensing principles and a software asset management
Enhancing finance processes centralization : the case of IBM Finland
Business idea into reality : case : start-up company of gala dresses
Towards an innovative process of networked development for a new urban area : four theoretical approaches
Understand the theory and practice of AI, World Cafe, Open Space and other conversational approaches for facilitating organizational development (OD) with the new edition of this popular book.
A bivariate autoregressive probit model : predicting U.S. business cycle and growth rate cycle recessions
Platform configuration in e-business : new paradigms and dimensions
Rehabilitation : the use of theories and models in practice
Applying Business Model Canvas with Service-Dominant Logic for Child Sponsorship
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The importance of an employee manual and factors that motivate employees
Making the best of a merger : a case study of Product Data Management Application Development Team
Challenge in Content Acquisition for Project Plan : Case Future Learning Lapland
Past meets present : archaeologists partnering with museum curators, teachers, and community groups
Last 50 years have been witness significant changes in production processes fuelled by rapid technological advances, easy access to information and an ongoing trend towards globalization. As the level of commercial exchanges between countries grew, competition between firms became more intense, concurring to increased and improved product offers and need for continuous innovation. Most firms faced the dilemma of either becoming global players or vanish. In their endeavours to survive or gain supremacy on the market, firms further developed not only their product offering, but also worked out new business models and strategies that helped them to use their resources at their best and strengthen market position. Consequently, last decades have been witness significant shifts from traditional strategic approaches, based on vertical integration, towards promotion of collaboration and innovation in inter-firm relationships, and also visible trends towards diversifying firms' business strategies. As prestigious scholars had noticed correlations between company's success rate and its business model, the study of strategies employed by modern businesses became more wide-spread than before. The present thesis tries to bring into light one strategic approach that is becoming more and more popular among firms: connected community, also know as open business ecosystem strategy. It involves collaboration between business partners and competitors, for the research and development of innovative products and services that suits best customer's needs. By fostering collaboration and sharing principles, the strategy changes somehow the paradigm that implies the fact that only fierce competition can increase a firm' market share, showing that cooperation and fair practices have potential to play a significant role in an enterprise success. Using methods specific to case study research, the thesis make the reader understand what is a connected community strategy, how the strategy is applied in real-life situations, what are its benefits, and what kind of challenges could be meet when applying it. Aiming to offer an easy to understand guide about connected community strategy, the thesis combines a wide range of theoretical sources acquired from the works of well-acknowledged scholars, with practical examples from ARM Corp, the case-study company. By being able to offer a comprehensive image about the strategy, the thesis can be used as a stating point for the study of connected community concept, or for the ones willing to adopt an connected community approach in their business environment.
Cultivating agency in home care : transforming the paradigms for interaction between home care and their elderly clients
What is e-business? : how the internet transforms organizations
Strategic development plan for  La Paloma hotel in Nha Trang, Vietnam
Good practices for implementing the youth guarantee in the Turku Region
Labor rights in corporate codes of conduct in sporting goods industry : Case Adidas and Nike
Business Process Plan of the Option to Include Cameroon Cocoa the into Marketing and Production : Case: Dammenberg Chocolate Factory. Finland
Assessing a prospective landfill  gas to energy project in Agadir, Morocco
Seven fires and three pillars of ehtical management : the Zoroastrian model for good business
Managing crises : responses to large-scale emergencies
How to write a business plan
Abstract.
Implementation of integrated management system
The complexity of mobile phone recycling : developing user-centered design guidelines and future concepts for mobile phone collection
Analysis of the software development processes and building a quality manual for software development thereupon
SWOT analyses of infrastructure networks’ ownership and governance models
Business Opportunities of Solar Photovoltaic Home Systems in Vietnam : case study: FOSERA Co. Ltd.
Sustainability strategies for business : an integrated approach with a life cycle perspective
Effectiveness of the KiVa antibullying program
Exploring Quadruple Helix : outlining user-orinted innovation models
Developing a European Youth Hostel Concept  : Case: May Hostel, Ho Chi Minh City
Institutionalizing cloud infrastructure : major change factors and business reformations
Starting up : archieving success with professional business planning
Introducing a New Business Model : Die Storage Service for Purso Oy
Customer centric and value-based business model design : impacts of the additive manufacturing technology on firm's business model
English abstract.
The roles of information systems in a value net
Fashion openness : applying an open source philosophy to the paradigm of fashion
European hostel business model : Grand Tree Hostel business model
Business plan for a Chinese furniture company
New venture creation in software business : a contextually embedded entrepreneur's perspective
Innorisk : the fountain of new business creation
Overcoming the institutional obstacles of industrial recycling
Addressing intimate partner violence : guidelines for health professionals in maternity and child health care
eReading advertising and value creation best practices - Outlook 2010-2011 / Seppo Leminen, Juho-Petteri Huhtala (Eds.)
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014: analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Business plan for a fashion brand : case: MW Oy
Labour markets are experiencing strong changes worldwide. The ongoing trends have an  effect on recruitment and the ability of organisations to attract the best experts. The  purpose of this thesis was to create a recruitment model for the commissioning company,  later referred to as Company Ltd. The effect of the trends was taken into account in the  recruitment model. The goal of this thesis was to enable Company Ltd to find both  motivated and committed employees with the help of the created recruitment model. A  constructive approach was applied in this thesis. The research methods included  benchmarking, surveying, and interviewing. Information was also obtained from recent  articles.  This thesis and assignment revealed the importance of Generation Y, which is about to  enter the labour market. The ability of organisations to communicate with each generation  in the labour market was also made clear. As the domestic and global demographics are  changing significantly, organisations are beginning to face shortage of skilled applicants.  Mismatches in skills and over-qualification gaps are expected all over Europe in the  future. Organisations must see job seekers as their customers. Planning the recruitment  process to serve the applicants improves employer brand and attractiveness as an  employer. This results in increased productivity when experts choose to apply to a  specific organisation.  As the outcome of this assignment, the recruitment model was created for Company Ltd.  The recruitment model has been presented in Chapter 5. Additional documentation  supporting the recruitment model was compiled and updated during this assignment. The  documentation was excluded from the thesis. It was discovered that Company Ltd should  focus on reaching the chosen target group of job seekers and to put emphasis on candidate  experience. Motivation and commitment as a result of the recruitment model were  challenging to validate. Due to changes in the operating environment, Company Ltd's  recruitment-related plans were not taken place in 2016 and this assignment. The results  of the survey carried out among the current personnel of Company Ltd explained what  motivates and commits employees to an organisation. These results comply with the  trends described in this thesis. The steps recommended to be taken by Company Ltd in  the future include actions that strengthen the organisation's employer brand, and  emphasizing candidate experience.
Changing institutions and consumer-driven development of forest products and servicess
Multichannel multi market media service business model evaluation and benchmark
Endocannabinoid hydrolyzing enzymes : molecular modelling and computer-aided inhibitor discovery
Revenue engine : why revenue performance management is the next frontier of competitive advantage
Servitization: synthesis and direction forward
Abstract:.
Weak profitability is a major problem for the European banking sector. Particularly in the euro area, a weakly performing economy and related impairment losses, subdued credit dynamics and prolonged low interest rates have weakened banks' profitability. The profitability of major European banks has also been undermined by court costs and sanctions imposed by the authorities. Growing regulation and an influx of new competitors on the market increase the need for balance sheet adjustment. The changes also affect Finnish banks.
Effectiveness of sermon policy instruments : forest management planning practices applying the activity theory approach
Using Value Proposition Design and Lean Method to Reduce Risks of Starting a Business : Case: Cuban Art Gallery
A safer municipality : the Safe Community operating model as a support for local safety planning
Business transfer ecosystems and awareness raising activities : situation analysis of five European countries
Post-entry factors as drivers for foreign operation mode change : case of Finnish firms in Chile
Business Transfer Ecosystems and Awareness Raising Activities : Situation Analysis of Five European countries
Way to grow! : collaborative branding model for small design enterprises
Adoption of E-commerce in Nigerian Businesses : A Change from Traditional to E-commerce Business Model in Richbol Environmental Services Limited
An introduction to emergency exercise design and evaluation
Project management in ICT organization : How to enable and support the unified way of working
NGOs and Humanitarian Intervention : the Challenge of Policy-Making
Feel the tire : tire influence on driver's handling assessment
