http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3827 systematic theology
systematic theology
Canonical theism : a proposal for theology and the church
Mediating mysteries, understanding liturgies : on bridging the gap between liturgy and systemactic theology
Dictionary of fundamental theology
Time and polarity : the dimensional thinking of Karl Heim
Life together in the way of Jesus Christ : an introduction to Christian theology
The living God
Nietzsche and theology
A theology for the church
Living holiness : Stanley Hauerwas and the church
God of salvation : soteriology in theological perspective
Systematic theology. Volume 2
Perseverance without doctrine : Adorno, self-critique, and the ends of academic theology
Systematic theology. Vol. 3
Systematic theology. Volume 1
Systematic theology : Roman Catholic perspectives. Volume 1
Renewal theology. [3], The church, the kingdom and last things
Between two horizons : spanning New Testament studies and systematic theology
The Postfoundationalist task of theology : Wolfhart Pannenberg and the new theological rationality
Sarah Coakley and the future of systematic theology
Systematic theology : biblical, historical, and evangelical. Volume 2
Systematic theology
Systematic theology and climate change : ecumenical perspectives
The significance of the resurrection of Jesus for systematic theology : a comparative study of Karl Barth's and Wolfhart Pannenberg's understanding of Jesus' resurrection
This collection of essays engages the basic themes of the five-year, joint research project (GOA) The Normativity of History. The project brought together specialists in the areas of Church History and Systematic Theology to investigate questions of truth and tradition in light of their varying expertise. The thematic scope of this volume includes questions concerning tradition and its development, the present context of plurality and its challenges for discerning a theological epistemology of tradition-bound truth, and the challenges of religious diversity for contemporary theology. As a whole, these reflections suggest that the force and weight of history must be adequately accounted for when attempting to answer theological questions in a manner that does justice to a tradition that is very much embedded in and shaped by the complexities manifest in its living and at times, ambiguous history.
Scripture in the theologies of W. Pannenberg and D. G. Bloesch
Systematic theology. Vol. 6, Pneumatology
Fountainhead of federalism : Heinrich Bullinger and the covenantal tradition
Systematic theology. 2, The works of God
Ratio et fides : studia in honorem Hans-Olof Kvist
Dogmatics in outline
Systematic theology. Vol. 4, Ecclesiology - Eschatology
God and history in the Book of Revelation : New Testament studies in dialogue with Pannenberg and Moltmann
The Spirit poured out on all flesh : Pentecostalism and the possibility of global theology
The philosophy of religion reader
Martin Luther's theology : a contemporary interpretation
Lectures in systematic theology
Amor Dei : a study of the religion of St. Augustine : the Hulsean lectures for 1938
The literature of theology : a guide for students and pastors
The Oxford handbook of systematic theology
Beloved community : critical dogmatics after Christendom
Religion in late modernity
Fundamental theology
This is a fresh reading of Christian theology, re-interpreting discussions of theological method and considering them in light of contemporary philosophical debates. It re-evaluates the traditional theological warrants and the concept of systematic theology, arguing that Christian theology is inherently systematic.
Theology after liberalism : a reader
Systematic theology. Vol. 2
Christian theology : an introduction
The Christian theology reader
Theological exegesis in the canonical context : Brevard Springs Childs' methodology of biblical theology
The architecture of theology : structure, system, and ratio
Critical theology : questions of truth and method
Systematic theology. Vol. 7, Doctrinal summarization
The Routledge companion to modern Christian thought
God as poet of the world : exploring process theologies
The Wiley Blackwell companion to patristics
This fourth volume in Veli-Matti Kärkkäinen's ambitious five volume systematic theology develops a constructive Christian pneumatology and soteriology in dialogue with the Christian tradition, with contemporary theology in all its global and contextual diversity, and with other major living faiths -- Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, and Hinduism. Kärkkäinen constructs a wide and deep theology of the Holy Spirit, examining creation and the sciences, other cosmic powers and beings, the concepts of spirits in other religions, and the Spirit's place in society and politics. He also goes beyond traditional ways of understanding salvation -- election, forgiveness, justification, sanctification, and glorification -- and includes discussions of Spirit-baptism, healing and restoration, reconciliation, liberation, and peace-building, carefully comparing Christian perspectives with the salvific views of other religions.
Intellect and action : elucidations on Christian theology and the life of faith
Systematic theology. Vol. 1
The normativity of history : theological truth and tradition in the tension between church history and systematic theology
The thought of Rudolf Bultmann
Systematic theology. Vol. 1, Prolegomena - Bibliology - Theology proper
"This Companion provides an unrivalled view of the field of modern Christian thought, from the Enlightenment to the twentieth century and beyond. Written by an outstanding team of theologians and philosophers of religion, it covers the following topics: - Key figures and influencers - Central events and movements - Major theological issues and key approaches to Christian Theology - Recent topics and trends in Christian thought Each entry is clear and accessible, making the book the ideal resource for students of Christian thought and the history and philosophy of religion. It is also a valuable reference for professional theologians and philosophers"--
Systematic theology. Volume 1, Introduction ; Bible
A scientific theology. 1, Nature
The person and place of Jesus Christ
A scientific theology. 2, Reality
“The liturgist is a general practitioner who sees a lot in his practice and for whom virtually everything is important”. The phrase from the Introduction to the book offers a useful starting point for understanding what the authors essentially want to convey. While much may be important, this volume addresses specifically the relation between liturgy and mystery. Many of the contributing authors recognise the bodied reality of mystery as crucial to the “health” of liturgical relationship. The contributors acknowledge that neither the “practitioner” as liturgist, nor the theologian alone can provide the necessary “life-giving connections” that help mediate between liturgy and mystery. Thus, the skills and knowledge from various liturgical traditions and denominations are utilised to explore: (1) the gospels and Christ event, (2) the ongoing process of tradition through verbal and non-verbal means, (3) the transparency of mystery itself, (4) the partaking in the Mystery through the links with other areas and commitments of life, and (5) the revision of the classical approach to the relationship between liturgy and systematic theology. This paired liturgical and theological investigation ultimately opens ways for understanding what liturgy itself is, and what theology maybe should be.
God : three who are one
Christian theology : a brief introduction
Systematic theology. Volume 3
The identity of theology
A case for character : towards a Lutheran viritue [sic] ethics
Features of new systematic theology in Finland
Spirit and salvation
Resurrection reconsidered
The One, the Three and the Many : god, creation and the culture of modernity : the 1992 Bampton Lectures
Systematic theology : Roman Catholic perspectives. Volume 2
Readings in modern theology : Britain and America
Fundamentals of the faith
The Trinity in German thought
Bioethics : a primer for Christians
Evil and theodicy in the theology of Karl Barth
God - the world's future : systematic theology for a new era
Systematic theology. Vol. 5, Christology
Doxology : the praise of God in worship, doctrine and life : a systematic theology
Systematic theology. 1, The triune God
Renewal theology. [2], Salvation, the Holy Spirit and Christian living
Modern Christian thought. Vol. 1, The enlightment and the nineteenth century
Ernst Troeltsch : Systematic theologian of radical historicality
The paradoxical rationality of Søren Kierkegaard
Christian theology
Beginning with the end : God, science and Wolfhart Pannenberg
Systematic theology. Volume I : the triune God
A theology in outline : can these bones live?
The quest for truth : answering life's inescapable questions
Systematic theology. Vol. 2, Angelology - Anthropology
Doing theology for the people of God : studies in honor of J. I. Packer
Systematic theology. Vol. 3, Soteriology
