http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3837 colonialism
colonialism
When London was capital of America
The African wars
The fortunes of Africa : a 5,000 year history of wealth, greed and endeavour
African history through sources. volume 1, Colonial contexts and everyday experiences, c. 1850-1946
The darling
Namibia, the broken shield : anatomy of imperialism and revolution
Atlantic ocean : the illustrated history of the ocean that changed the world
During his 'world journey' of 1911-1912, Rudolf Otto came to embrace a form of German cultural colonialism which assigned the study of religions a key role. Concern for this colonial program guided his activities unitl the outbreak of World War I, when German colonial ambitions became unrealistic. Although it is difficult to argue that this colonial project had a major impact on Otto's conception of religion, it did alter his scholarly practice with regard to it, transforming him from a liberal systematic theologican into something more akin to whht we know today as a scholar of religions. For 25 years, from 1912 until his death in 1937, much of Otto's professional activity was taken up with importing religions materials from elsewhere, especially from south Asia - mostly texts but also material artefacts. This article reads Otto's colonialism and its rebirth as Religionswissenschaft against the grain of Otto's self-coneption and the coneption of others at the time. While cultural colonialism insisted upon its distance from the activities of the business classes, this article reads those activitites in mercantile terms, In doings so, it suggests that such a re-reading might be profitably applied not just to conceptions of scholarly activity but also to other areas where it has been customary to insist on distance from economic activity, specifically, the way in which scholars of religions have conceived what we usually call religion.
The fever tree
Everfair is a wonderful Neo-Victorian alternate history novel that explores the question of what might have come of Belgium's disastrous colonization of the Congo if the native populations had learned about steam technology a bit earlier. Fabian Socialists from Great Britian join forces with African-American missionaries to purchase land from the Belgian Congo's owner, King Leopold II. This land, named Everfair, is set aside as a safe haven, an imaginary Utopia for native populations of the Congo as well as escaped slaves returning from America and other places where African natives were being mistreated. Nisi Shawl's speculative masterpiece manages to turn one of the worst human rights disasters on record into a marvelous and exciting exploration of the possibilities inherent in a turn of history. Everfair is told from a multiplicity of voices: Africans, Europeans, East Asians, and African Americans in complex relationships with one another, in a compelling range of voices that have historically been silenced. Everfair is not only a beautiful book but an educational and inspiring one that will give the reader new insight into an often ignored period of history.
The British in Asia
The last years of British India
A sparrow falls
The Malayan emergency : a small, distant war
Bourbon island 1730
Refashioning futures : criticism after postcoloniality
The good Italian
Nationalism amongst the Turks of Cyprus : the first wave
A history of modern Burma
Lawyers and savages : ancient history and legal realism in the making of legal anthropology
Heart of darkness
The edge of the world
Assimilating Seoul : Japanese rule and the politics of public space in colonial Korea, 1910-1945
Discourse on colonialism
Problems in the history of colonial Africa 1860-1960
Inés of my soul
Britain in Cyprus : colonialism and post-colonialism 1878 - 2006
The conquest of Mexico
"How do a legal order and the rule of law develop in a war-torn state? Using his field research in Sudan, the author uncovers how colonial administrators, postcolonial governments, and international aid agencies have used legal tools, practices, and resources to promote stability and their own visions of the rule of law amid political violence and war in Sudan. Tracing the dramatic development of three forms of legal politics - colonial, authoritarian, and humanitarian - this book contributes to a growing body of scholarship on law in authoritarian regimes and on human rights and legal empowerment programs in the Global South. Refuting the conventional wisdom of a legal vacuum in failed states, this book reveals how law matters deeply even in the most extreme cases of states still fighting for political stability"--
Princely India re-imagined : a historical anthropology of Mysore from 1799 to the present
The dream of the Celt
The mechanisms of neocolonialism : proceedings of a Nordic seminar
Not on any map : essays on postcoloniality and cultural nationalism
In search of Africa
Rethinking nordic colonialism : a postcolonialism exhibition project in five acts : Iceland, Greenland, the Faroe Islands, Finnish Sápmi & Denmark/Finland/Norway/Sweden march 24 - November 25, 2006
"Local Histories/Global Designs" is an extended argument about the "coloniality" of power by one of the most innovative Latin American and Latino scholars. In a shrinking world where sharp dichotomies, such as East/West and developing/developed, blur and shift, Walter Mignolo points to the inadequacy of current practices in the social sciences and area studies. He explores the crucial notion of "colonial difference" in the study of the modern colonial world and traces the emergence of an epistemic shift, which he calls "border thinking". Further, he expands the horizons of those debates already under way in postcolonial studies of Asia and Africa by dwelling in the genealogy of thoughts of South/Central America, the Caribbean, and Latino/as in the United States. His concept of "border gnosis", or sensing and knowing by dwelling in imperial/colonial borderlands, counters the tendency of occidentalist perspectives to manage, and thus limit, understanding. In a new preface that discusses "Local Histories/Global Designs" as a dialogue with Hegel's Philosophy of History, Mignolo connects his argument with the unfolding of history in the first decade of the twenty-first centu
Music learning in Costa Rica : a postcolonial institutional ethnography
Portuguese Africa : an introduction
Sex and control : venereal disease, colonial physicians, and indigenous agency in German colonialism, 1884-1914
Black and white in Southern Zambia : the Tonga Plateau economy and British imperialism, 1890-1939
South African literature beyond the cold war
Mobile citizens : French indians in Indochina, 1858-1954
History of Latin American civilization : sources and interpretations. Vol. 2, The modern age
Missionary teachers as agents of colonialism : a study of their activities in Uganda, 1877-1925
Colonialism and Iban warfare
America's colonial experiment : how the United States gained, governed, and in part gave away a colonial empire
End of empire : 100 days in 1945 that changed Asia and the world
Decolonizing feminisms : race, gender, & empire-building
The black lake
French power in Africa
India and the future
Warfare in African history
"Imperial Networks, Colonial Bioprospecting and Burroughs Wellcome & Co.: The Case of Strophanthus Kombe from Malawi (1859-1915)"
A short history of British expansion. 1, The old colonial empire
Colonial policy and conflict in Zimbabwe : a study of cultures in collision, 1890-1979
Tides of migration : a study of migration decision-making and social progress in Sao Miguel, Azores
The Vorrh
The Ashgate research companion to modern imperial histories
The washing of the spears : a history of the rise of the Zulu nation under Shaka and its fall in the Zulu War of 1879
The Vorrh : a novel
Urban planning in Sub-Saharan Africa : colonial and post-colonial planning cultures
The colonial moment in Africa : essays on the movement of minds and materials 1900-1940
Geographies of Development: an Introduction to Development Studies remains a core, balanced and comprehensive introductory textbook for students of Development Studies, Development Geography and related fields. This clear and concise text encourages critical engagement by integrating theory alongside practice and related key topics throughout. It demonstrates informatively that ideas concerning development have been many and varied and highly contested - varying from time to time and from place to place. With a new colour layout and in-chapter features such as Key Ideas, Boxed Case Studies and Summaries, students will find this an easy-to-use text which will focus them on the most important information in this area of study.
Ethnic cleansing and the Indian : the crime that should haunt America
The rebirth of cultural colonialism as religionswissenschaft: Rudolf Otto's Import House
The river and the book
Russian and Soviet imperialism
Modernity at large : cultural dimensions of globalization
State-building failure in British Ireland & French Algeria
Postcolonial perspectives on postcommunism in Central and Eastern Europe
The moor's account
The dominion partnership in Imperial defence : 1870-1914
The ghost apple : a novel
A short history of British expansion. 2, The modern empire and commonwealth
Peace under heaven
Italian colonialism in Eritrea, 1882-1941 : policies, praxis and impact
Burma has lived under military rule for nearly half a century. The results of its 1990 elections were never recognized by the ruling junta and Aung San Suu Kyi, leader of Burma's pro-democracy movement, was denied her victory. She has been under house-arrest ever since. Now an economic satellite and political dependent of the People's Republic of China, Burma is at a crossroads. Will it become another North Korea, will it succumb to China's political embrace or will the people prevail? Michael Charney's book- the first general history of modern Burma in over five decades - traces the highs and lows of Burma's history from its colonial past to the devastation of Cyclone Nargis in 2008. By exploring key themes such as the political division between lowland and highland Burma and monastic opposition to state control, the author explains the forces that have made the country what it is today.
Colonial sequence 1949 to 1969 : a chronological commentary upon British Colonial policy in Africa
Five emus to the king of Siam : environment and empire
Spanish gold : captain Woodes Rogers and the true story of the pirates of the Caribbean
The rise and fall of Western colonialism : a historical survey from the early nineteenth century to the present
India and the Persian Gulf region, 1858-1907 : a study in British Imperial policy
Britain and India
The politics of partnership : the federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland
Religionswissenschaft as colonialist discourse : the case of Rudolf Otto
History of Latin American civilization : sources and interpretations. Vol. 1, The colonial experience
The colonizer and the colonized
Beer in the snooker club
1493 : uncovering the new world Columbus created
Survey of British Commonwealth affairs. Vol. 2, part 2, Problems of economic policy 1918-1939
Russia in Central Asia
Imperialism and revolution in Uganda
Colonial America : a history to 1763
France on the Mekong : a history of the Protectorate in Cambodia, 1863-1953
The rise and fall of a great nation
Edge of empire : conquest and collecting in the east 1750-1850
History of India from the earliest times to the present day
Forms and methods of foreign penetration into Nigeria
Teaching Africa : towards a transgressive pedagogy
Korea under Japanese colonial rule : studies of the policy and techniques of Japanese colonialism
Facts about Tibet
Defining new idioms and alternative forms of expression
Records of the Cabinet, Foreign Office, Treasury and other records
"Lawyers and Savages explores the rise and fall of legal primitivism, and its connection to the colonial encounter. Nineteenth century legal anthropology - and with it the idea of "primitive law" - was born out of the universalization of the Western legal tradition, and its understanding of history as a civilizing process. And this book demonstrates how this scholarship had a clear impact in legitimating the colonial experience. Through examples such as blood feuds, communalism, ordeals, ritual formalism and polygamy, the book traces the intellectual revolution of legal anthropology. In doing so, however - and beyond the conventional story from Maine to Malinowski - it introduces an American story: as the book details how legal realism drew on anthropology in order to help counter the hypothetical constructs of legal formalism. Finally, this book shows how, despite the explicit rejection, the central themes of primitive law continue to influence current ideas - about indigenous legal systems, but also of the place and role of law in development"--
Postcolonialism : theory, practice or process ?
Body of power, spirit of resistance : the culture and history of a South African people
The autobiography of the British soldier : from Agincourt to Basra, in his own words
Embers of war : the fall of an empire and the making of America's Vietnam
Glorious outlaws : debt as a tool in contemporary postcolonial fiction
French colonialism in tropical Africa 1900-1945
Opium and empire : the lives and careers of William Jardine and James Matheson
God's arbiters : Americans and the Philipppines, 1898-1902
War on the savannah : the military collapse of the Sokoto Caliphate under the invasion of the British Empire 1897-1903
Sins of the father
Challenges to elitism : subaltern studies and ethnographic experiments
The penetration of Africa : European enterprise and exploration principally in Northern and Western Africa up to 1830. 1, To 1815.
The orenda
A mission to civilize : the republican idea of empire in France and West Africa, 1895-1930
Creating a world economy : merchant capital, colonialism, and world trade, 1400-1825
The Atlantic frontier : colonial American civilization (1607-1763)
The imperial cloud
"The proud epithet of enlightened" : Ferdinando Galiani and the neapolitan debate on colonies, commerce and conquest
The tea lords
British India 1772-1947 : a survey of the nature and effects of alien rule
The body of the conquistador : food, race, and the colonial experience in Spanish America, 1492-1700
Heroes of empire : five charismatic men and the conquest of Africa
Colonialism : a theoretical overview
A history of American life. Volume 2, The first americans 1607-1690
The French intifada : the long war between France and its Arabs
Colour, race and empire
Britain and Germany in Africa : imperial rivalry and colonial rule
The dark defile : Britain's catastrophic invasion of Afghanistan, 1838-1842
Butcher and bolt
Neo-colonialism : a background book
Caribbean journeys : intersections of female identity in the novels of Michelle Cliff
Consciencism : philosophy and ideology for decolonization and development with particular reference to the African revolution
Local histories/global designs : coloniality, subaltern knowledges, and border thinking
The dissolution of the colonial empires
Colonial female subjects in Joseph Conrad's Lingard trilogy
British policy in changing Africa
How Europe underdeveloped Africa
Colonial Latin America
Provides a comprehensive overview of modern empires. Spanning the era of modern imperial history from the early sixteenth century to the present, this book challenges both the rather insular focuses on specific experiences, and gives due attention to imperial formations outside the West including the Russian, Japanese, Mughal, Ottoman and Chinese.
Law's fragile state : colonial, authoritarian, and humanitarian legacies in Sudan
World without end : Spain, Philip II, and the first global empire
Britain and the old dominions
The gold coast revolution : the struggle of an African people from slavery to freedom
Geographies of development : an introduction to development studies
Boxers
The dominant approach to the study of religion known as the phenomenology of religion's core assumption was that underlying the multiplicity of historical and geographically dispersed religions was an ultimately metaphysical, trans-historical substratum, called 'man', Geist , or 'consciousness'. This transhistorical substratum is an expressive agent with a uniform, essential nature. By reading the data of religion as its 'expressions', it is possible to sympathetically understand their meaning. Geist , or 'man', then, is both a philosophy of history and i hermeneutical theory. It also forms a systematic set of representations, which replicate the structure of the asymmetrical relations between Europeans and those colonized by Europeans. The metanarrative of Geist is a narrative of the supremacy - their term, not mine - of white, Christian Europe over black, 'primitive' Africal and 'despotic' Asia. Spirit moves from the South to the North; away from the East to the West. This paper locates Rudolf Otto's work within the structure and history of phenomenological discourse and argues that the science of religion as described there conforms nearly perfectly to the structures of colonial discourse as this has been discussed and analyzed by theorists such as Jaques Derrida and Edward Said.
The making of modern South Africa : conquest, apartheid, democracy
The colonial and post-colonial experience : five centuries of Spanish and Portuguese America
Colonisation of the mind and its manifestation in Kenyan leadership
The peoples of the Soviet Far East
Transgressor of the nation
The colonial period of American history. 4, England's commercial and colonial policy
Cultural imperialism : the text of a lecture delivered under the aegis of the Institute for cultural research
Cinema as a tool for exploitation in Nigeria
The colonial period of American history. 2, The Settlements
Postcoloniality and the postcolony : theories of the global and the local
The bridges of Constantine
An Analysis of British colonial administrations and developments in Nigeria, and their efffects on the present administrative system
Adapt or die? : indigenous peoples – from the civilising mission to the need of adaptation
Drawing on recent studies of the links between empire, colonialism, and genocide, Nazi Empire: German Imperialism and Colonialism from Bismarck to Hitler examines German history from 1871 to 1945 as an expression of the aspiration to imperialist expansion and the simultaneous fear of destruction by rivals. Acknowledging the important differences among the Second Empire, the Weimar Republic, and the Third Reich, Shelley Baranowski nonetheless reveals a common thread: the drama of German imperialist ambitions that embraced ethnic homogeneity over diversity, imperial enlargement over stasis, and "living space" as the route to the biological survival of the German Volk.
The history of French colonial policy 1870-1925
Challenging the orientalist reading of Mary Wortley Montagu's Turkish letters with feminist approaches
The partition of Africa 1880-1900 and European imperialism in the nineteenth century
The colonial heritage of Latin America : essays on economic depedence in perspective
The Penguin history of modern Vietnam
Shades of empire in colonial and post-colonial literatures
Selected speeches and documents on British colonial policy 1763-1917
Trade and conflict in Angola : the Mbundu and their neighbours under the influence of the Portuguese 1483-1790
Russian colonial expansion to 1917
The British achievement in India : a survey
Tradition, trade and woodcarving in Solomon Islands
The tea lords : a novel of Java
Little book of big ideas : politics
Competing eyes : visual encounters with alterity in Central and Eastern Europe
Theories on Africa and neo-colonialism
Indigenous responses to neocolonialist policies : “stop the political games!”
Kinship, community, and self : essays in honor of David Warren Sabean
The new A - Z of Empire : a handbook of British imperial history
The British Commonwealth : a family of peoples
"The making of Europe" : essays in honour of Robert Bartlett
Mad dogs and Englishmen : a grand tour of the British Empire at its height : 1850-1945
Korea's response to Japan : the colonial period 1910-1945
Colonialist photography : imag(in)ing race and place
"This fascinating history explores the dynamic relationship between overseas colonisation and the bodily experience of eating. It reveals the importance of food to the colonial project in Spanish America and reconceptualises the role of European colonial expansion in shaping the emergence of ideas of race during the Age of Discovery. Rebecca Earle shows that anxieties about food were fundamental to Spanish understandings of the new environment they inhabited and their interactions with the native populations of the New World. Settlers wondered whether Europeans could eat New World food, whether Indians could eat European food and what would happen to each if they did. By taking seriously their ideas about food we gain a richer understanding of how settlers understood the physical experience of colonialism and of how they thought about one of the central features of the colonial project. The result is simultaneously a history of food, colonialism and race.
Exile in colonial Asia : kings, convicts, commemoration
Kennedy's brain
The wretched of the earth
The tongues of serpents
The transformation of Virginia : 1740-1790
"David Warren Sabean was a pioneer in the historical-anthropological study of kinship, community, and selfhood in early modern and modern Europe. His career has helped shape the discipline of history through his supervision of dozens of graduate students and his influence on countless other scholars. This book collects wide-ranging essays demonstrating the impact of Sabean's work has on scholars of diverse time periods and regions, all revolving around the prominent issues that have framed his career: kinship, community, and self. The significance of David Warren Sabean's scholarship is reflected in original research contributed by former students and essays written by his contemporaries, demonstrating Sabean's impact on the discipline of history"--Provided by publisher.
The colonial period of American history. 1, The Settlements
Seven houses in France
Race relations in the Portuguese colonial empire 1415-1825
Nazi empire : German colonialism and imperialism from Bismarck to Hitler
