http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3833 printing houses
printing houses
Annals of printing : a chronological encyclopaedia from the earliest times to 1950
The influence of paper formation on letterpress prints
"Explores the evolution of the idea that the rise of print culture was a threat to the royal government of eighteenth-century France. Argues that French printers did much to foster this view as they negotiated a place in the expanding bureaucratic apparatus of the state"--Provided by publisher.
Irish type design : a history of printing types in the Irish character
The printer's grammar
Binding, finishing, and mailing : the final word
Historical aspects of printing and publishing in languages of the Middle East : papers from the Third Symposium on the History of Printing and Publishing in the Languages and Countries of the Middle East, University of Leipzig, September 2008
From the early sixteenth century through to the later seventeenth, governments, institutions, and individuals learned to use cheaply-produced printed texts to inform, entertain, and persuade. This authoritative collection of essays examines the developing role of popular printed texts in the first two centuries of print in Britain and Ireland.
Before copyright : the French book-privilege system 1498-1526
Musical pursuits : selected essays
Slow print : literary radicalism and late Victorian print culture
The romantic crowd : sympathy, controversy and print culture
Books are the cornerstone of our culture. They disseminate ideas, and preserve and transmit literature. This title deals with the discipline itself, its parameters, and its theoretical foundations. It focuses on the development of the publishing industry, the commercial heart of the book world, and the engine of its evolution.
The coming of the book : the impact of printing 1450-1800
Books and bookmakers
Suomen typografinen atlas 1642-1827 = Finsk typografisk atlas = Typographischer Atlas Finnlands
Geographies of the book
The printability of newsprint : 1 variations in the physical properties and printability of newsprint and their interdepence
Publishing in African languages : challenges and prospects
The Oxford history of the Irish book. Vol. 4, The Irish book in English, 1800-1890
The Scottish book trade, 1500-1720 : print commerce and print control in early modern Scotland : an historiographical survey of the early modern book in Scotland
Effect of bulk and roughness on the printability of newprint
What the printer should know about ink
Flexography primer
Basics of printing technology
Ex officina plantiniana Moretorum : studies over het drukkersgeslacht Moretus
Print publishing in sixteenth-century Rome : growth and expansion, rivalry and murder
Letter press : new applications for traditional skills
John Fuller & the Sycamore Press : a bibliographic history
The Kallierges Pindar : a study in Renaissance Greek scholarship and printing
Watermarks in Finnish handmade paper. 3
Watermarks in Finnish handmade paper. 2
The Oxford history of the Irish book. Vol. 3, The Irish book in English, 1550-1800
The paleo slow cooker : healthy, gluten-free meals the easy way
The Chicago manual of style
Labor relations in the lithographic industry
A biography of the early American printer William Parks. Examines his early career in England as well as his later work in Colonial Maryland and Virginia. Focuses on the print culture on both sides of the Atlantic as well as the societal pressures on printing and publishing.
From letter to publication : studies on correspondence and the history of the book with the Besterman Lecture 2000
Letterpress now : a DIY guide to new & old printing methods
Book publishing
The emergence of the book was an event of world historical importance, and heralded the dawning of modernity. In this history of that momentous process, the authors mesh together economic and technological history, sociology and anthropology, with the study of modes of consciousness to root the development of printing.
Lost books : reconstructing the print world of pre-industrial Europe
Watermarks in Finnish handmade paper. 1
Printing and publishing in medieval China
Printability of uncoated offset papers containing mechanical pulp
Flexo & gravure int'l : technical magazine for the world's paper, film and foil converting industries
Nutrition and Physical Activity Recommendations for Preschool-Aged Children : a flyer for parents
Agency and intention in English print, 1476-1526
New complete cookbook
Music, print and culture in early sixteenth-century Italy
The chansons of Orlando di Lasso and their Protestant listeners : music, piety, and print in sixteenth-century France
Five hundred years of printing
Chinese publishing : homeland of printing
Publishing, politics, and culture : the king's printers in the reign of James I and VI
From playhouse to printing house : drama and authorship in early modern England
Printing and parenting in early modern England
Typography and design
Outlining the impact of the rise of print in early modern Ireland in a series of essays, this volume charts the development of a print culture in Ireland and the transformations it brought to conceptions of politics, religion, and literature. It includes a case study of the impact of the French Revolution on pamphlets and propaganda in Ireland.
A concise illustrated history of chinese printing
Paper museums : the reproductive print in Europe, 1500-1800
Graphic arts encyclopedia
The Gutenberg revolution : the story of a genius and an invention that changed the world
"In the long eighteenth century, sympathy was understood not just as an emotional bond, but also as a physiological force, through which disruption in one part of the body produces instantaneous disruption in another. Building on this theory, Romantic writers explored sympathy as a disruptive social phenomenon, which functioned to spread disorder between individuals and even across nations like a 'contagion'. It thus accounted for the instinctive behaviour of people swept up in a crowd. During this era sympathy assumed a controversial political significance, as it came to be associated with both riotous political protest and the diffusion of information through the press. Mary Fairclough reads Edmund Burke, Mary Wollstonecraft, William Godwin, John Thelwall, William Hazlitt and Thomas De Quincey alongside contemporary political, medical and philosophical discourse. Many of their central questions about crowd behaviour still remain to be answered by the modern discourse of collective psychology"--
An introduction to book history
Dutch printer's devices, 15th-17th century : a catalogue
Theory and practice of presswork
Managing printing demand services
The book on printing
The growth and structure of Finnish print production, 1840-1900
A world of letters : Yale University Press, 1908-2008
The book triumphant : print in transition in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries
Printers and readers in the sixteenth century : including the proceedings from the colloquium organised by the Centre for European Culture, 9 June 2000
Caxton in focus : the beginning of printing in England
Jonathan Swift and the eighteenth-century book
Letterpress now : a Diy guide to new & old printing methods
The coming of the book : the impact of printing, 1450-1800
The Oxford history of the Irish book. Vol. 5, The Irish book in English, 1891-2000
Balance improving exercise pool for intellectually and developmentally disabled
Adresboek van zeventiende-eeuwse drukkers, uitgevers en boekverkopers in Vlaanderen = Directory of seventeenth-century printers, publishers and booksellers in Flanders
Privacy and print : reading and writing in seventeenth-century England
Print, chaos, and complexity : Samuel Johnson and eighteenth-century media culture
Studies in Romanian history
The all new print production handbook
The Oxford history of popular print culture. 1, Cheap print in Britain and Ireland to 1660
Books : a living history
Four centuries of fine printing : two hundred and seventy-two examples of the work of presses established between 1465 and 1924
A comprehensive bibliography detailing each pamphlet, broadsheet, and ephemeral item published by John Fuller's Sycamore Press from its start in 1968 to its closing in 1992. Includes personal reflections by several Sycamore Press authors and a transcribed interview with John Fuller. Illustrated.
Using JDF in small and medium sized printing plants
A millenium of printing : in China, Korea and Japan
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 2.
Printed pandemonium : popular print and politics in the Netherlands, 1650-72
Information management and competitive advantage : the case of a Finnish publishing company
Comparison of control strips for efficiency in offset printing
The influence of the smoothness of coated papers on letterpress prints
Horace Walpole's Strawberry Hill Press, founded in 1757, is the most celebrated of the early English private presses. This title draws on a remarkable array of surviving images of the Printing House, many of them newly discovered and previously unstudied.
Printing presses : History and development from the fifteenth century to modern times
Shakespeare and the rise of the editor
Dutch typography in the sixteenth century : the collected works of Paul Valema Blouw
The book as a work of art : the Cranach Press of Count Harry Kessler
"A collection of nineteen essays that trace texts from their creation and printing through to their publication, dissemination, and collection. Examines continuities and changes in the book trade and is illustrated in black and white. The eleventh volume of the Print Networks series"--Provided by publisher.
Negotiating the Jacobean printed book
The Stationers' Company and the printers of London 1501-1557
Graphic design : the new basics
Statistics on the capacity of composing machines in practice
Information and documentation - permanence and durability of writing, printing and copying on paper - requirements and test methods = Information et documentation - permanence et durabilité de l'écriture, de l'impression et de la reprographie sur papier - prescriptions et méthodes d'essai
What first impressions say about your printing business : front door management
From the first scribbling on papyrus to the emergence of the e-book, this wide-ranging overview of the history of the book provides a fascinating look at one of the most efficient, versatile, and enduring technologies ever developed.
On the smoothness of uncoated gravure papers
Paradigms lost : the life and deaths of the printed word
Theory and practice of lithography
Explores the activities of William Chambers and the W & R Chambers publishing firm during its formative years, documenting for the first time how new technologies - not just in communication, but also in transportation - were integrated into existing business systems.
Steam-powered knowledge : William Chambers and the business of publishing, 1820-1860
Aldus Manutius and the development of Greek script & type in the fifteenth century
The Strawberry Hill Press & its printing house : an account and an iconography
Great staff
Work and learning in micro-enterprises in the printing industry : a comparative research study into the relationship between technological and organisational developments and training activities in microenterprises in the printing industry in four European countries : synthesis report
Outlines of the history of printing in Finland
Map printing in early eighteenth-century Russia
The nature of the book : print and knowledge in the making
Print, manuscript, & performance : the changing relations of the media in early modern England
The evolution of the book
Avoiding the graveyard of cost competition
Bookscape : geographies of printing and publishing in London before 1800
Outlines of the history of printing in Finland (1898)
The diaspora of Armenian printing 1512-2012 : Amsterdam − Yerevan 2012
The Arabic book
The printability of gravure papers. 3, The appearance of prints
Prints for books : book illustration in France, 1760-1800
The visual dictionary of pre-press & production
Gutenberg's apprentice : a novel
The printed book in Brittany, 1484-1600
English music printing 1553-1700
The bookshop of the world : the role of the Low Countries in the book-trade, 1473-1941
The book through five thousand years
Licensing loyalty : printers, patrons, and the state in early modern France
Commerce and print in the early Reformation
A new wet-pick method
Estimating printing costs
The printability of gravure papers. 2, Ink requirement and print-through
Plan for a good book : an illustrated guide-book describing the methods and equipment used in better book manufacturing as practiced by the John F. Cuneo Company
From compositors to collectors : essays on book-trade history
Non-toxic printmaking
The industry of paper in China
Her Majesty's Stationery Office : the story of the first 200 years 1786-1986
Production for print
Architecture : steel Stahl acier
William Parks : the colonial printer in the transatlantic world of the eighteenth century
Hendrick Hondius and the business of prints in seventeenth-century Holland
Bank of Finland Security Printing House 1885-1985
An empire of books : the Naval Kishore Press and the diffusion of the printed word in colonial India
The determinants of service capability in small manufacturing firms
A history of Cambridge University Press. Vol. 2, Scholarship and commerce 1698-1872
Printing to-day
A history of illuminated manuscripts
Color essentials : color and quality for the graphic arts and sciences. 2
Printing and book culture in late Imperial China
