http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p383 neighbourhood shops
neighbourhood shops
From co-operation in Central and Eastern Europe to European Union partnership
Executive summary (s. 10-11).
Russia in the Finnish economy
The rough guide to food
Izmir and the Levantine world, 1550-1650
International assistance for implementing the programme of action to prevent, combat and eradicate the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects : findings of a global survey
Wa Shalan Alekum : insight into the business culture in the Middle East
The European union as a global actor
Tradition and renewal : a study of North Africa and the Middle East
Towards more satisfied customers : the Salo-project : case: Siwa Kemi
The European Union as a global actor
Strengthening the Mediterranean policy of the European Union : establishing a Euro-Mediterranean partnership : communication from the Commission to the Council and the European Parliament [KOM(94) 427 final] ; Extracts of the conclusions of the presidency of the Essen European Council ; Strengthening the Mediterranean policy of the European Union : proposals for implementing a Euro-Mediterranean partnership : communication from the Commission to the Council and the European Parliament [COM(95) 72 final] ..
Taking into consideration the recent structural changes in Japan's consumer market, David Marutschke presents an analysis of the continuous improvement strategies of Japanese convenience store operators. This study highlights the efforts of companies operating under lean management systems to reenergize their organizations and to identify new, dynamic, firm-specific capabilities in markets which are highly competitive and in an evolutionary stage of maturity. It challenges existing views that incremental innovation is directly linked to a culture of risk avoidance and a focus on organic growth. This book suggests that the Japanese strategy for continuous improvement and lean thinking is able to overcome cultural rigidity if projects that promote change include a comprehensive organizational strategy. It suggests how companies can sustain continuous long-term improvement: an objective which western firms often fail to achieve.
Scales of fate : trade, tradition, and transformation in the eastern Mediterranean, ca. 1350-1175 BCE
International arms transfers and the Middle East
The transatlantic allies and the changing Middle East
Silk, scents & spice : tracing the world's great trade routes : the silk, the spice route, the incense trail
International copyright law and policy
Security for debt in ancient Near Eastern law
Telecommunications in business : strategy and applications
Finland's position in Russian transit traffic : is cross-border zone a viable alternative?
Business data communications / William Stallings
International Market Research of Local and Organic Food Market in Russia
Industrial enterprises in the St. Petersburg area and Finland : a survey concerning the ability and willingness of industrial Russian firms to expand co-operation with Finnish firms
Information feudalism : who owns the knowledge economy?
International business : theories, policies and practices
Gateways as a process : creating value-adding gateway hubs and spokes
Archaeologia : summer 1989.
"New intellectual property regimes are entrenching new inequalities. Access to information is fundamental to so much of modern life - from the exercise of human rights to marketplace competition - but patents are being used to lock up vital educational, software, genetic and other information. The result will be a global property order dominated by a multinational knowledge elite - an elite that expropriates anything from AIDS drugs for Africa, seeds for developing-world farmers, to information on the human genome." "How did rules governing intellectual property become part of the World trade Organization's free trade' agreements? How have these rules changed the knowledge game for international business? What are the consequences for the ownership of biotechnology and digital technology, and for all those who will have to pay for what was once shared information? Who will be the global winners and losers?" "Based on extensive interviews with key players, Information Feudalism tells the story of these profound transformations in information ownership. It argues that in the globalized information society, the rich have found new ways to rob the poor, but shows how intellectual property rights can and must be more democratically defined."--BOOK JACKET.
Peer-to-peer computing : technologies for sharing and collaborating on the net
Shopped : the shocking power of British supermarkets
Emerging clusters of the northern dimension : competitive analysis of northwest Russia - a preliminary study
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : northern boundaries in change
Food for thought : changing the world one bite at a time
Tilling the hateful earth : agricultural production and trade in the late antique East
Wired shut : copyright and the shape of digital culture
Industrial buying behavior in the Middle East : a cross national study
Men's experiences of violence in Finland 2009
Curtains of iron and gold : reconstructing borders and scales of interaction
In laudem hierosolymitani : studies in Crusades and medieval culture in honour of Benjamin Z. Kedar
Fundamentals of business data communications
Trade policy developments in the Middle East and North Africa
Eat here : reclaiming homegrown pleasures in a global supermarket
Contacts and trade at Late Bronze Age Hazor : aspects of intercultural relationships and identity in the Eastern Mediterranean
Virtual private networks for dummies
TRIPs agreement : copyright and related rights
Electronic business with emphasis on the Middle East region
Job Satisfaction and Welfare of Store Managers : Siwas in Kuopio
Customer involvement in retail business : a case study in a grocery store context
Neighborhood shopkeepers in contemporary South Korea : household, work, and locality
Never screw up
Technology, industry and trade : the Levant versus Europe, 1250-1500
Fisheries and aquaculture in the Near East and North Africa : situation and outlook in 1996
Vital North! : security, democracy, civil society
Everyday practice of food consuming : a case study on a web based supply service
The importance of customer satisfaction in the survival of Corner Stores
Commercial exchange across the Mediterranean : Byzantium, the Crusader Levant, Egypt, and Italy
Porta Palazzo : the anthropology of an Italian market
Barakat : Classical & Near Eastern Art in the Barakat Collection
Continuous improvement : Japanese convenience store systems
Mobile marketing : achieving competitive advantage through wireless technology
