http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3834 colonies (communities)
colonies (communities) settlements
American colonies
The naked god
Convicts and the colonies : A study of penal transportation from Great Britain and Ireland to Australia and other parts of the British empire
The lost duchess
The moon is a harsh mistress
A great and noble scheme : the tragic story of the expulsion of the French Acadians from their American Homeland
For want of a nail : if Burgoyne had won at Saratoga
Colonial policy and practice : a comparative study of Burma and Netherlands India
Command
"The same sun warms the people of Great Britain and us." : British American colonial identity in the 1760's through the texts of James Otis, Jr
The witches : Salem, 1692 : a history
The reality dysfunction
This book explores the emergence and development of terraforming in science fiction from H.G. Wells's The War of the Worlds (1898) to James Cameron's blockbuster Avatar (2009). Terraforming is the process of making other worlds habitable for human life. Its counterpart on Earth--geoengineering--has begun to receive serious consideration as a way to address the effects of climate change. This book asks how science fiction has imagined the ways we shape both our world and other planets and how stories of terraforming reflect on science, society, and environmentalism. It traces the growth of the motif of terraforming in stories by such writers as H.G. Wells and Olaf Stapledon in the UK; American pulp science fiction by Ray Bradbury, Robert Heinlein, and Arthur C. Clarke; the countercultural novels of Frank Herbert, Ursula K. Le Guin, and Ernest Callenbach; Pamela Sargent's Venus trilogy; Frederick Turner's epic poem of terraforming, Genesis; and Kim Stanley Robinson's acclaimed Mars trilogy. It explores terraforming as a nexus for environmental philosophy, the pastoral, ecology, the Gaia hypothesis, the politics of colonisation and habitation, tradition, and memory. This book shows how contemporary environmental awareness and our understanding of climate change are influenced by science fiction, and how terraforming in particular has offered scientists, philosophers, and many other readers a motif to aid in thinking in complex ways about the human impact on planetary environments. Amidst contemporary anxieties about climate change, terraforming offers an important vantage from which to consider the ways humankind shapes and is shaped by its world.
New York before New York. A fortune, or a forgery. A love story, or a battle of wits. Nothing is black and white
Generation Palestine : voices from the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement
Children of time
Empires of God : religious encounters in the early modern Atlantic
Terraforming : ecopolitical transformations and environmentalism in science fiction
The British Empire : themes and perspectives
The roots of American civilization : a history of American colonial life
Alternate chapters follow teenagers Todd and Viola, who become separated as the Mayor's oppressive new regime takes power in New Prentisstown, a space colony where residents can hear each other's thoughts.
Lost planet 2 : PlayStation 3
A kingdom for the brave
Kingship and conversion in sixteenth-century Sri Lanka : Portuguese imperialism in a Buddhist land
On the steel breeze
Atlantic Virginia : intercolonial relations in the seventeenth century
Finnish Congregationalism in America
"We women worked so hard" : gender, urbanization, and social reproduction in colonial Harare, Zimbabwe, 1930-1956
The knife of never letting go
The sands of Mars
Bishop Hill : svensk koloni på prärien = Bishop Hill, Ill. : a utopia on the prairie
Pursued by power-hungry Prentiss and mad minister Aaron, young Todd and Viola set out across New World searching for answers about his colony's true past and seeking a way to warn the ship bringing hopeful settlers from Old World.
Monsters of men
Colonialism and development in the contemporary world
Francophone Sub-Saharan Africa 1880-1985
Finnish identity in America
Penedo : a Finnish utopian colony in Brazil 80 years
Cowboy Bebop : shooting star. Volume 2
Northlanders. Book six : Thor's daughter and other stories
Hunting, fishing and animal husbandry at The Farm Beneath The Sand, Western Greenland : an archaeozoological analysis of a Norse farm in the Western Settlement
The long Earth
Puritan village : the formation of a New England town
Lord of the privateers
Weimar on the Pacific : German exile culture in Los Angeles and the crisis of modernism
Glorious misadventures : Nikolai Rezanov and the dream of Russian America
The Fort
The Jews of medieval France : the community of Champagne
Five thousand years after a catastropic event sends a small surviving remnant of humanity into outer space, the progeny of those survivors--seven distinct races now three billion strong--embark on a journey into the unknown to return to Earth.
On such a full sea
The archaeology of Greek colonisation : essays dedicated to Sir John Boardman
How we'll live on Mars
El Grande : Decennial edition
Iron sunrise
Revelation space
The British in the Americas 1480-1815
Communities as factors of social geography : the Finnish rural settlements in the vicinity of Thunder Bay, Ontario
Ray Bradbury's the Martian chronicles : the authorized adaptation
This book studies the Jewish community of Champagne from the fifth century to the expulsion of 1306. It documents the growth and decline of the community, examines its interrelationships with the larger Christian culture, and presents a model for the study of other communities. The economic and political consolidation of the county, coupled with the development of Jewish self-government and a system of education in Talmudic law, were important factors in the growth of Champagne's Jewish community. The subsequent decline of the community in the mid-13th century was also attributable to economic and political factors, as well as a growing church influence. The Jews of Medieval France: The Community of Champagne also offers an in-depth analysis of women's place in the Jewish and gentile worlds of medieval France. Details and comparisons of women's status within the family and in business, and examples of attitudes toward women in literature and law are all thoroughly integrated into the text.
Collected papers on Greek colonization
The colonial period of American history. 1, The settlements, 1
Colonial America : a history to 1763
Can true love die? Or, neglected, does it lie dormant until the object of true desire is again within reach? Denied, does passion smoulder, like embers waiting for the right conditions to flare into an all-consuming conflagration?
Greek settlement in the Eastern Aegean and Asia Minor
The wreck of the Belle, the ruin of La Salle
History of Sointula
Lost planet. 3 : PlayStation 3
Embers of war : the fall of an empire and the making of America's Vietnam
The abyss beyond dreams : chronicle of the Fallers
Pontic grey wares : international conference Bucarest - Constantza ; September 30th - October 3rd 2008
Assassin's creed III : PlayStation 3
New Sweden in America
Crossing colonial historiographies : histories of colonial and indigenous medicines in transnational perspective
The colonial period of American history. 2, The settlements, 2
Crash
Assassin's Creed III : Xbox 360
Palestine : peace not apartheid
The colonial period of American history. 3, The settlements, 3
Alexander's gate, Gog and Magog, and the inclosed nations
Assassin's creed III : Wii U
Anóoshi lingit aaní ká = Russians in Tlingit America : the battles of Sitka, 1802 and 1804
Ruling minds : psychology in the British empire
This book is the result of ethnographic research carried out in the Academic College of Judea & Samaria (ACJS), located in the West Bank of Israel/Palestine. The book deals with Israeli citizenship and identity, and examines the ways in which it is being understood and imagined by ACJS students and teachers. The book also analyzes the Orange Zionist organizational culture of the ACJS. In the end, a new socio-political model of Israel/Palestine is offered: Israel as a Zionist Democracy.
Colonial Latin America
Diamonds, gold, and war : the British, the Boers, and the making of South Africa
The American colonies in the eighteenth century. Volume 1
The American colonies : from settlement to independence
Album of American history. Vol. 1, Colonial period
Observance of the 300th anniversary of the 1st permanent settlement in the Delaware River Valley, 1938.
A breath of snow and ashes
Empire at the periphery : British colonists, Anglo-Dutch trade, and the development of the British Atlantic, 1621-1713
Greek colonisation : an account of Greek colonies and other settlements overseas
Shrapnel : Hubris
The Atlantic world and Virginia, 1550-1624
Archipelago
Situado and sabana : Spain's support system for the presidio and mission provinces of Florida
The colonial period of American history. 4, England's commercial and colonial policy
17 years ago: A girl in South Dakota falls through the earth, then wakes up dozens of feet below ground on the palm of what seems to be a giant metal hand. Today: She is a top-level physicist leading a team of people to understand exactly what that hand is, where it came from, and what it portends for humanity. A swift and spellbinding tale told almost exclusively through transcriptions of interviews conducted by a mysterious and unnamed character, this is a unique debut that describes a hunt for truth, power, and giant body parts.
Gods of war, gods of peace : how the meeting of native and colonial religions shaped early America
Above the snowline
The martian chronicles
Rivers of gold : the rise of the Spanish empire
The Americans : the colonial experience
The colonial period of American history. 2, The Settlements
Cowboy bebop. Vol. 1
Finnish settlements in rural Thunder Bay : changes in an ethnic community
A division of the spoils
On dragonwings : Dragonsdawn : Dragonseye : Moreta
A historical geography of Anatolia in the old Assyrian colony period
The Martian chronicles
British subministers and colonial America, 1763-1783
The Greek experiment : imperialism and social conflict 800-400 BC
Rivers of gold : the rise of the Spanish Empire
The hilltop
Colonia Finlandesa : the second ship, the rise and fall of a Finnish colony in northeast Argentina and the spread of anomie
Puritans and adventures : change and persistence in early America
Israeliness in no man's land : citizenship in the West Bank of Israel/Palestine
Colonia Finlandesa : the second ship, and some factors that led to the demise of a Finnish colony in Northeast Argentina
Dancing with strangers : the true history of the meeting of the British First Fleet and the aboriginal Australians, 1788
Social implications and challenges of e-business
The orphan of Botany Bay
Geography and professional practice
Northlanders. Book seven : The icelandic trilogy
The Americans. [1], The colonial experience
Engaging Africa : Washington and the fall of Portugal`s colonial empire
The settler colonial present
Imperial transformations in sixteenth-century Yucay, Peru
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Northlanders. Book four : The plague widow
Becoming inummarik : men's lives in an Inuit community
The ask and the answer
Exile in colonial Asia : kings, convicts, commemoration
Jamaica in 1924 : a handbook of information for visitors and intending settlers with some account of the colony's history
Half Way Home
Viking antiquities in Great Britain and Ireland. P. 6, Civilization of the Viking settlers in relation to their old and new countries
The Greeks in the West
The tongues of serpents
"Pulitzer Prize winner Stacy Schiff, author of the #1 bestseller Cleopatra, provides an electrifying, fresh view of the Salem witch trials... Along with suffrage and Prohibition, the Salem witch trials represent one of the few moments when women played the central role in American history. Drawing masterfully on the archives, Stacy Schiff introduces us to the strains on a Puritan adolescent's life and to the authorities whose delicate agendas were at risk. She illuminates the demands of a rigorous faith, the vulnerability of settlements adrift from the mother country, perched -- at a politically tumultuous time -- on the edge of what a visitor termed a 'remote, rocky, barren, bushy, wild-woody wilderness.' With devastating clarity, the textures and tensions of a colonial life emerge; hidden patterns subtly, startlingly detach themselves from the darkness. Schiff brings early American anxieties to the fore to align them brilliantly with our own. In an era of religious provocations, crowdsourcing, and invisible enemies, this enthralling story makes more sense than ever. The Witches is Schiff's riveting account of a seminal episode, a primal American mystery unveiled -- in crackling detail and lyrical prose -- by one of our most acclaimed historians"
Journey to Mauritius
Night without stars : chronicle of the Fallers
The book of strange new things
The colonial period of American history. 3, The Settlements
As a world-ending war surges to life around them, Todd and Viola face monstrous decisions, questioning all they have ever known as they try to step back from the darkness and find the best way to achieve peace.
Mars : our future on the red planet
The colonial period of American history. 1, The Settlements
A prequel to the film by the same name, this tells the origin of how Nazis ended up on the Moon and of their subsequent return to Earth years in the future.
