http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3830 theology
theology
Liberation theology
The principle of analogy in Protestant and Catholic theology
Belief or nonbelief? : a confrontation
The remaking of Christian doctrine
Celebrating life and harmony : African theology as liberating wisdom in the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Botswana
The Christian Platonism of Thomas Jackson
On heaven and Earth : Pope Francis on faith, family, and the church in the twenty-first century
Theology : the basic readings
Essays in theology of culture
At the dawn of the seventeenth century, the Sun revolved around the Earth according to God's plan and as set down in the Bible. Yet some men knew that the Heavens did not move as they should and began to believe exactly the opposite--a heresy punishable by being burned alive / WorldCat.
The Continuation War as a metanoic moment : a Burkean reading of lutheran hierocratic rhetoric
Muslim theology
Abstract in english.
Shaftesbury and the deist manifesto
She who is : the mystery of God in feminist theological discourse
The two folk churches in Finland : The 12th Finnish Lutheran-Orthodox theological discussions 2014
"Sharing in the life of God" : a study and discussion of the theme of participation in divine life
Relativism and religion : why democratic societies do not need moral absolutes
The post-priestly pentateuch : new perspectives on its redactional development and theological profiles
Children and the theologians : clearing the way for grace
The concept of beauty in patristic and Byzantine theology
Fully Indian - authentically Christian : a study of the first fifteen years of the NBCLC (1967-1982), Banglore - India in the light of the theology of its founder, D. S. Amalorpavadass
Justice and the social order
Perceiving the other : case studies and theories of respectful action
Word - gift - being : justification - economy - ontology
Crucified and resurrected : restructuring the grammar of Christology
Although Thomas Jackson (1579-1640) is recognized by scholars as the most important theologian of the Laudian church, hitherto there has been no comprehensive study of his philosophical theology. The reason for Jackson's neglect is that scholars have been puzzled by the sources, character and influence of his Christian Platonism. From a close and comprehensive reading of his magnum opus - a massive twelve book commentary on the Apostles' Creed - this book shows how Jackson regards the Platonic tradition as an essential and perennial resource for the Christian theologian, anticipating and informing central aspects of Christian theological speculation and belief, given by divine providence to help him interpret and defend his creed. Special attention is paid to the influence of Nicholas of Cusa (1401-1464) on Jackson, an important moment in the history of thought since the German cardinal is generally thought to have been without intellectual successors in the early modern period.
Tools for reflective ministry
Stories from the street : a theology of homelessness
Political worship
The nature and destiny of man : a Christian interpretation. Vol. 2, Human destiny
Theology and early modern philosophy (1550-1750)
Racism in theology and theology against racism : report of a consultation organized by the Commission on Faith and Order and the Programme to Combat Racism
Today agreement regarding the formation of the Pentateuch is no longer as widespread as it was when the documentary hypothesis was first proposed. Numerous scholars find that more recent periods of Israelite history – the exilic and post-exilic periods – are more likely to have been behind important sections of the Pentateuch. This has resulted in a major shift in scholarship: no longer is the remote past of Israelite history the only era, or even the primary era, during which the Pentateuch came into formation. Rather, the development of the Pentateuch continued down into the Persian and Hellenistic periods. During these centuries, the post-exilic community brought together the texts of their own cultural heritage and blended these ancient stories with ex novo additions that reflected their current historical situation. The result was the Pentateuch as we know it today. This volume focuses on these final redactions included in the biblical text after the Priestly materials. The purpose of these final additions was to complete that which was deemed necessary to recount, as well as to update, reorient, and, sometimes, to correct older materials containing ideas that were no longer compatible with the post-exilic time of the editors.
The annotated Luther. Volume 4, Pastoral writings
Faithful reading : new essays in theology and philosophy in honour of Fergus Kerr, OP
How did a religion whose founding proponents advocated a shocking disregard of earthly ties come to extol the virtues of the "traditional" family? In this richly textured history of the relationship between Christianity and the family Rosemary Radford Ruether traces the development of these centerpieces of modern life to reveal the misconceptions at the heart of the "family values" debate.
Introduction to Saint Thomas Aquinas
SCM studyguide to Christian spirituality
Inventing the individual : the origins of Western liberalism
A short history of Atheism
Before Darwin : reconciling God and nature
This is a study in the Christology of Jerome Zanchi (1516-90), a leading 16th century reformed scholastic theologian. The study as a whole is bound together by doctrinal topics, themes and trajectories important to the 16th century Christological debates as well as by philosophical issues and arguments. In the first chapter, Stefan Lindholm situates Zanchi in the contemporary research into reformed scholasticism. Lindholm gives an account of what he calls 'analytic Christology' and why it is relevant to the present study. In the second chapter, he contextualizes Zanchi's Christology, historically and theologically. He discusses the sources and context of Zanchi's Christology and characterize it as catholic, scholastic and reformed. In the second part, on the hypostatic union, Lindholm evaluates Zanchi's view of the virgin birth – The process of hominization – in the third chapter. In the fourth chapter, he analyses Zanchi's uses of the part-whole and soul-body similes for the hypostatic union. What emerges is a rather ambiguous view of the hypostatic union. At the end of this chapter, Lindholm offers further correctives to Zanchi's assumed metaphysical framework in order to better accommodate the sort of claims Zanchi wants to make about the hypostatic union. The central theme in the debate between the Lutherans and the reformed theologians, the communication of properties, is treated in the third part. Chapter five deals with Zanchi's controversy with Martin Chemnitz' notion of the majestic genus (genus maiestaticum). In the sixth chapter Lindholm discusses the most heated issue in the debate about the communication of properties: ubiquity. He shows that Zanchi tends to argue against a sort of generalized version of ubiquity but it is not clear that Chemnitz actually ascribed to that position which weakens the force of Zanchi's arguments. Finally, Lindholm looks at two scholastic arguments found in Chemnitz for multi-location and reconstruct a possible Zanchian response to them. In a postscript, Lindholm suggests some trajectories for future research.
This collection of essays engages the basic themes of the five-year, joint research project (GOA) The Normativity of History. The project brought together specialists in the areas of Church History and Systematic Theology to investigate questions of truth and tradition in light of their varying expertise. The thematic scope of this volume includes questions concerning tradition and its development, the present context of plurality and its challenges for discerning a theological epistemology of tradition-bound truth, and the challenges of religious diversity for contemporary theology. As a whole, these reflections suggest that the force and weight of history must be adequately accounted for when attempting to answer theological questions in a manner that does justice to a tradition that is very much embedded in and shaped by the complexities manifest in its living and at times, ambiguous history.
Lutheran patristic catholicity : the Vincentian canon and the consensus patrum in Lutheran orthodoxy
Late Medieval Mysticism
The filioque impasse : patristic roots
Reflections on sociology and theology
Theological practices that matter
The meaning of revelation
Leadership : a publication of Christianity Today, Inc
The sensorium of God
The weight of glory : and other addresses
The annotated Luther. Volume 2, Word and faith
Angels and demons : a patristic perspective
Westminster dictionary of theological terms
In 2010, a scholarly conference on Emanuel Swedenborg's ideas and influence was held at the Center for the History of Science at the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in Stockholm. The conference was a celebration a recently completed digital catalog of the academy's Swedenborg archive, which in 2006 was designated as part of UNESCO's World Memory program. This was the first time that an academic conference on Swedenborg was hosted by a non-Swedenborgian institution. The conference attracted presenters from all over the world, including some top scholars. Papers were divided into three categories. “Content” describes Swedenborg's thought, from his use of spheres in his scientific writings to his views on sexuality and marriage to analyses of his theological writings. “Context” explores his times, putting Swedenborg in the context of eighteenth-century philosophy and looking at the organization of the earliest Swedenborgian church. "Contribution" looks at Swedenborg's influence on philosophy and the arts, from Ralph Waldo Emerson and Czeslaw Milocz to Elizabeth Barrett Browning and William James. These papers present a rare insight into Swedenborg. Although only a limited number of attendees were invited to the conference, now the research is available to all.
Teachings of the Buddha : the wisdom of the dharma, from the pali canon to the sutras
Strangers and pilgrims : on the role of aporiai in theology
Practical theology and qualitative research
Encyclopedia of theology : a concise Sacramentum Mundi
Theology of food : eating and the Eucharist
The shaking of the foundations
Wrestling with God = En lucha con Dios = Ringen mit Gott
A dictionary of Christian theology
Religious studies and its relationship with theology : a spatial analysis
Choosing life
Understanding the gift of communion : the Quest for a shared self-understanding of the Lutheran Communion : a reader
Churches and the Victorian sports boom
The Westminster handbook to Karl Barth
Theology and the philosophy of science
On evil
Practical theology : international perspectives
The suffering of God according to Martin Luther's 'Theologia crucis'
Contemporary encounters in gender and religion : European perspectives
The Oxford handbook of early modern theology, 1600-1800
Christian theology : an introduction
Stories from the Street is a theological exploration of interviews with men and women who had experienced homelessness at some stage in their lives. Framed within a theology of story and a theology of liberation, Nixon suggests that story is not only a vehicle for creating human transformation but it is one of God's chosen means of effecting change. Short biographies of twelve characters are examined under themes including: crises in health and relationships, self-harm and suicide, anger and pain, God and the Bible. Expanding the existing literature of contextual theology, this book provides an alternative focus to a church-shaped mission by advocating with, and for, a very marginal group; suggesting that their experiences have much to teach the church. Churches are perceived as being active in terms of pastoral work, but reluctant to ask more profound questions about why homelessness exists at all. A theology of homelessness suggests not just a God of the homeless, but a homeless God, who shares stories and provides hope. Engaging with contemporary political and cultural debates about poverty, housing and public spending, Nixon presents a unique theological exploration of homeless people, suffering, hope and the human condition.
Sexism and God-talk : towards a feminist theology
Gateway of life : Orthodox thinking on the Mother of God
How Christian are the human rights? : an interconfessional study on the theological bases of human rights : report on an Interconfessional consultation, Geneva, April 30-May 3, 1980
Contemporary practical theology in Finland
The meeting of religions and the Trinity
The covenant of redemption (pactum salutis), the eternal intra-trinitarian covenant, was a common staple within Early Modern Reformed theology, yet there are very few historical works that examine this doctrine. J. V. Fesko's study, The Covenant of Redemption: Origins, Development, and Reception, seeks to address this lacuna. In the contemporary period the covenant of redemption has been derided as speculative, mythological, a declension from trinitarianism, or erroneously derived from one or two biblical proof-texts. Yet seldom have critics carefully engaged the primary sources to examine the different formulations, supporting exegesis, and ways in which the doctrine was employed. Far from speculation, sub-trinitarian, or a cold business transaction, proponents of the covenant of redemption constructed this doctrine based upon a web of interconnected biblical texts and were very sensitive to maintaining a robust doctrine of the trinity, as they employed this doctrine as a bulwark against the anti-trinitarian claims of Socinian theologians. Proponents of the doctrine also saw this pre-temporal covenant as the embodiment of intra-trinitarian love that overflows unto those chosen in Christ for their salvation and ultimate fellowship with the triune God.J ohn V. Fesko explores the historical origins of the doctrine and then surveys its development in the seventeenth- through nineteenth-centuries, examining key advocates of the doctrine including, David Dickson, Herman Witsius, Johannes Cocceius, Francis Turretin, Patrick Gillespie, John Gill, Jonathan Edwards, Charles Hodge, and A. A. Hodge. He then examines the contemporary reception of the doctrine in the twentieth century with a survey of the doctrine's critics, including Karl Barth, Herman Hoeksema, Klaas Schilder, and John Murray. After exploring the claims of the critics, the study moves to examine the views of twentieth-century proponents, including Geerhardus Vos, Herman Bavinck, Abraham Kuyper, Louis Berkhof, and G. C. Berkouwer.
After hardship cometh ease : the Jews as backdrop for Muslim moderation
Theological Texts
A philosophy of concrete life : Carl Schmitt and the political thought of late modernity
Reflective practice : formation and supervision in ministry
International journal of sino-western studies
Umstrittene Katholizität : von der zwiespältigen Beziehung zwischen Vielfalt und Einheit : Tagungsbericht der 18. Wissenschaftlichen Konsultation der Societas Oecumenica = Catholicity under pressure : the ambiguous relationship between diversity and unity : proceedings of the 18th academic consultation of the Societas Oecumenica
The world and the individual : nature, man and the moral order
Mindful ministry : creative, theological and practical perspectives / Ross and Judith Thompson
Theology Made in Dignity: On the Precarious Role of Theology in Religious Education
Thinking through our faith : theology for 21st century Christians
Mere Christianity
Science and theology : the new consonance
Marriage equality : why same-sex marriage is good for the church and the nation
The sky's dark labyrinth
The complete C.S. Lewis Signature classics
God's human speech : a practical theology of proclamation
Calvinus pastor ecclesiae : papers of the Eleventh International Congress on Calvin Research
Christian thought : a historical introduction
Natural law in jurisprudence and politics
Meaning in history : the theological implications of the philosophy of history
Academic disciplines can be understood as tribes with their own territories (Becher 1989) which are protected from outsiders and invested with power and meaning for those within. The language which scholars use to delineate and distinguish them from one another is replete with spatial metaphor and the language of war and struggle. References to inside/outside, inclusion/exclusion, to boundaries, incursions, incorporation, integration and embrace are frequently made, particularly when scholars write about their own discipline in relation to others. In this article I offer a spatial analysis of discourse about the discipline of religious studies and its relationship to theology. I note the importance in such discourse of the container schema (Lakoff and Johnson 1999) for depicting possible disciplinary relationships and various perspectives on 'religion' as an object of study. A spatial approach offers a clear visual depiction of the views of selected scholars of religion on the relationship of religious studies to theology, whilst also revealing some of the power strategies at work in disciplinary construction. Keywords: Religious studies, Theology, spatial language, academic disciplines.
Luther refracted : the reformer's ecumenical legacy
Method in theology
The normativity of history : theological truth and tradition in the tension between church history and systematic theology
The one hundred and fifty chapters
Sanctorum Communio : a theological study of the sociology of the church
Christianity, tolerance and pluralism : a theological engagement with Isaiah Berlin's social theory
Critiques of Christianity in African literature : with particular reference to the East African context
The nonviolent atonement
Reading the Muslim mind
Moses bar Kepha : commentary on myron
An alternative vision : an interpretation of liberation theology
One of the most divisive issues in Western Christianity since the Reformation is the question of how humans are justified by God. In 1999, after many decades of ecumenical dialogue, Lutherans and Roman Catholics have declared that this issue of justification by faith is no longer a cause of division between them. One of the fascinating features of this Joint Declaration on the Doctrine of Justification (JDDJ) is that it expresses a differentiated consensus on justification. The method of differentiated consensus is generally regarded as an important methodological step forward in the ecumenica.
Featuring essays from renowned scholars, this volume in the Westminster Handbooks to Christian Theology series provides an insightful and comprehensive overview of the theology of Karl Barth (1886-1968). This volume offers concise descriptions of Barth's key terms and concepts, while also identifying the intricate connections within Barth's theological vocabulary. Masterfully compiled and edited, this volume features the largest team of Barth scholars ever gathered to interpret Barth's theology. The result is a splendid introduction to the most influential theologian of the modern era.Contributors include Clifford B. Anderson, Eberhard Busch, Timothy Gorringe, Garrett Green, Kevin Hector, I. John Hesselink, George Hunsinger, J. Christine Janowski, Paul Dafydd Jones, Joseph L. Mangina, Bruce L. McCormack, Daniel L. Migliore, Paul D. Molnar, Adam Neder, Amy Plantinga Pauw, Katherine Sonderegger, John Webster, and many others.
Fear and trembling : dialectical lyric by Johannes De Silentio
The spaces of others - heterotopic spaces: practicing and theorizing hospitality and counter-conduct beyond the religion/secular border
Theology today
The science of theology
Salvation and liberation
In this volume New Zealand theologian Rosalene Bradbury throws light on these-surprisingly contentious-questions. She argues convincingly that tethered to the tradition that gave rise to it, the term theologia crucis references a theological system centered around notions of false and true glory, and an ancient conviction that from the cross of Jesus Christ comes a revelatory and a saving Word. The apostle Paul, Athanasius, a school of medieval mystics, and the Reformer Martin Luther, are all shown to be significant classical representatives of these ideas. Bradbury then argues that seminal twentieth-century theologian Karl Barth exhibits many of the classical crucicentric system's defining characteristics, so that he himself might fairly be deemed a modern theologian of the cross. Until now Barth's pivotal role in this long, thin, crucicentric tradition has been unsung. This book thus sheds important new light on Barth's theology.
Transformative theological perspectives
Anticlaudianus : or The good and perfect man
God on the net : guide to the best sites for study, inspiration and resources
Lift every voice : constructing Christian theologies from the underside
Radical Orthodoxy and the Reformed tradition : creation, covenant, and participation
The annotated Luther. Volume 3, Church and sacraments
Blessed rage for order : the new pluralism in theology
God and modernity  : a new and better way to do theology
New dictionary of theology
A future for truth : evangelical theology in a postmodern world
Christian mission and a diakonia of reconciliation : a global reframing of justification and justice
Dialogue in the crisis of representation : realism and antirealism in the context of the conversation between theologians and quantum physicists in Göttingen 1949-1961
The "other" is my neighbour : developing an ecumenical response to migration
The Oxford Encyclopedia of Martin Luther
Towards a theology of contemporary ecumenism : a collection of addresses to Ecumenical Gatherings (1947-1975)
Diverse cultural and religious ways of thinking : a dialogue
This book provides a sustained, critical and theological engagement with arguably the most crucial aspect of contemporary society - its diversity. The author finds in the social theory of Isaiah Berlin a number of fruitful ways to reframe the debate over these questions, and to contribute to a more positive conversation regarding our fundamental differences. The book focuses particularly on Berlin's critique of monism and idealistic utopianism, arguing that pluralism does not represent a failure in the nature of human society, but a superabundance of possibilities in a created world grounded in the character of God. Bringing Berlin's thought into conversation with other social theorists, philosophers and Christian theologians, the book provides leaders and members of faith communities with a viable model to move beyond tolerance as mere forbearance to a grace which consists of respect and radical acceptance of others.
When I was a child I read books
Theology : a very short introduction
The man-woman relation in Christian thought
Meaning in history
The Emmaus code : finding Jesus in the Old Testament
Must God remain Greek? : Afro cultures and God-talk
Studies of conceptual and neural mapping in cognitive linguistics, while posing a fundamental challenge for religious belief, also suggest new ways of understanding how people conceptualize God and make theological inferences. This book, inspired by that research and attentive to the distinctive insights of Christian theology, elaborates an innovative explanation of God-talk, better able to credibly address confusion and controversies that trouble the church, academic theology, and broader culture. The first part analyzes both cognitive linguistics' challenge to standard theological depictions of metaphorical, analogous, symbolic, and literal language, and the discipline's promise for providing a more satisfactory account. The second half examines six case studies to illustrate how clarifying the conceptual mapping in God-talk and theological inferences provides a powerful tool for advancing religious understanding. The illustrations include the hypothesis that religion is an epiphenomenon of evolution, the so-called "new atheism," Black theology, and controversies between theologians and Church authorities.
The Westminster dictionary of Christian theology
Food for the soul or the soul for food : users' perspectives on religiously affliliated food charity in a Finnish city
Toddling to  the kingdom
Truth and the reality of God : an essay in natural theology
Feminist theology/Christian theology : in search of method
Ecology : a theological response
The future of God : the revolutionary dynamics of hope
The case for God : what religion really means
An introduction to Indian Christian theology
A theology of ecology
Toward a new age in Christian theology
Tammuz and Ishtar : a monograph upon Babylonian religion and theology containing extensive extracts from the Tammuz liturgies and all of the Arbela oracles
Doctrine, dynamic and difference
Erring : a postmodern a/theology
"Volume 4 of The annotated Luther series presents an array of Martin Luther's writings related to pastoral work, including sermons, hymns, letters, writings on prayer and the Christian life, as well as his widely used Small catechism. Prefaces to his own writings contain his reflections on his own reforming work. Each volume in The annotated Luther series contains new introductions, annotations, illustrations, and notes to help shed light on Luther's context and interpret his writings for today."-- (irtokansi)
'The Sensorium of God' is the second of a trilogy of novels inspired by the dramatic struggles, personal and professional, and key historical events in man's quest to understand the Universe / WorldCat.
The art of seeing : paradox and perception in Orthodox iconography
Paul and his interpreters : a critical history
Christian ministry requires a wide range of skills as well as the ability to reflect theologically. Mindful Ministry links the skills required by clergy in their day-to-day ministry of being and doing with active reflection on what it means to be a reflective practitioner. Part 1 considers how clergy and those who work with them can explore the skills required, while Part 2 focuses on identifying, considering and acquiring the necessary skills. The authors consider among others caring, praying skills, guiding, organizing and liberating as well as the skills of weakness. Mindful Ministry is written by two experienced priests and teachers of Christian ministry who combine their experience with modelling good practice in theological reflection.
An introduction to Christian theology
We drink from our own wells : the spiritual journey of a people
Cross theology : the classical theologia Crucis and Karl Barth's modern theology of the cross
Fergus Kerr, OP is one of the foremost Catholic theologians of his generation. His works are widely read by specialists and students in the UK, North America and across the world. His Theology after Wittgenstein is regarded as a seminal work in philosophical theology. His After Aquinas: Versions of Thomism and Twentieth Century Catholic Theologians are two of the finest student-focussed introductions to their topics currently available. The essays in this collection cover the two key areas of Kerrs contribution: the relationship between theology and philosophy, focusing particularly on Thomism; and twentieth century Catholic thought. These themes provide the volumes coherence. A key strength of this volume lies in the stature of its contributors. These include the Canadian Catholic philosopher and Templeton-laureate Charles Taylor, Stanley Hauerwas, John Milbank, David Burrell and Denys Turner. A number of younger contributors, representing the influence of Kerr over several generations, are also represented.
Let's do theology : a pastoral cycle resource book
The justification of God : lectures for war time on a Christian theodicy
Perspectives on 19th and 20th century Protestant theology
Luther Refracted speaks to the currency that Luther's life and thought continue to enjoy in today's Christian reflection. The contributors, representing a variety of Christian denominations, demonstrate Luther's lasting impact on their own traditions and, together with the Lutheran respondents, encourage a fresh understanding of the Reformer. In their at times vigorous engagement, Luther's legacy comes to light not only as variously received but also as contradicted, and transformed, only to reemerge as a fruitful leaven for further thought and transformation. All the essays presented here witness to Luther's significance as a formidable doctor ecclesiae, a teacher of the church.
SCM studyguide to church history
Creational theology and the history of physical science : the creatonist tradition from Basil to Bohr
Trinity and society
The theological tractates
Outlines of the history of the English Bible : being the introduction to the "Guide to the manuscripts and printed books exhibited in celebration of the tercentenary of the Authorised Version: British Museum Bible Exhibition 1911"
Emanuel Swedenborg - exploring a "world memory" : context, content, contribution
The Reformed objection to natural theology
The covenant of redemption : origins, development, and reception
Jerome Zanchi (1516-90) and the analysis of reformed scholastic Christology
Theology of wonder
Without metaphor, no saving God : theology after cognitive linguistics
Practical theology in action : Christian thinking in the service of church and society
In this work, leading scholars compare the differences and points of intersection between the growing Radical Orthodoxy (RO) movement and the Reformed tradition. This timely discussion deals with many of the hot topics currently being debated in theological and philosophical circles, including the material world's participation in transcendence, aesthetics, politics, covenant, and cultural theory. It represents an emerging willingness among proponents of RO to examine and engage the Dutch Reformed tradition, and also reflects the growing influence of RO on the Reformed tradition. This book will be enjoyed by scholars concerned with the intersection between RO and the Reformed tradition. A companion book to Smith's recently published Introducing Radical Orthodoxy, it will also be of interest to students of philosophy and theology.
Wrestling with angels : conversations in modern theology
Through the eyes of a child : new insights in theology from a child's perspective
Chinese Christ : the Christology of T. C. Chao
Theosis : partaking of the divine nature
Judaism and other religions : models of understanding
Being Christian : baptism, Bible, Eucharist, prayer
Far from being solely an academic enterprise, the practice of theology can pique the interest of anyone who wonders about the meaning of life. Inviting readers on a journey of 'faith seeking understanding', this introduction to Christian theology - its basic concepts, confessional content, and history - emphasizes the relevance of the key convictions of Christian faith to the challenges of today's world. In the first part, this book introduces the project of Christian theology and sketches the critical context that confronts Christian thought and practice today. In a second part, it offers a survey of the key doctrinal themes of Christian theology - including revelation, the triune God, and the world as creation - identifying their biblical basis and the highlights of their historical development before giving a systematic evaluation of each theme. The third part provides an overview of Christian theology from the early church to the present.
Outlines of the history of the English Bible : being the introduction to the "Guide to the manuscripts and printed books exhibited in celebration of the Tercentenary of the authorised version: British Museum Bible Exhibition 1911"
In the aftermath : provocations and laments
A unified theory of creationism : argumentation, experiential thinking and emerging doctrine
FINNISH THEOLOGY PAST AND PRESENT
Feminist theology : listening, understandin and responding in a secular and plural world = La teología feminista : escuchar, comprender y responder en un mundo secular y plural = Feministische Theologie : zuhören, verstehen und antworten in einer säkularen und vielfältigen Welt
Theology and religious studies in higher education : global perspectives
The theology of diaconia
Criticism of heaven : on marxism and theology
Talk of God
Spirituality and culture in pastoral care and counselling : voices from different contexts
A Brief illustrated guide to understanding islam
The early Christian fathers : a selection from the writings of the Fathers from St. Clement of Rome to St. Athanasius
The experience of God : Orthodox dogmatic theology. Volume 6, the fulfillment of creation
Shadow of spirit : postmodernism and religion
Death and life
From the Ultimate God to the Virtual God: Post-Ontotheological Perspectives on the Divine in Heidegger, Badiou, and Meillassoux
The annotated Luther. Volume 1, The roots of reform
In many contexts the attribute "catholic" is misunderstood as a confessional term describing one specific church. The papers of the 18th Academic Consultation of Societas Oecumenica presented in this book give insights to the ecumenical significance of the "catholicity," which all churches confess in the Creed. They also take into consideration the tensions between unity and diversity as well as the challenges by new developments in worldwide Christianity.
Ratzinger's faith : the theology of pope Benedict XVI
Orthodoxy, process and product
