http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3835 communities (organisations)
communities (organisations)
Not forgetting the whale
The little red chairs
Heavenly pleasures
The European Social Fund
Report on the borrowing and lending activities of the Community in 1982 : Communication from the Commission to the Council and to Parliament
The girls : a novel
Organisational learning in a fusion school
Butterfly communities in relation to changes in the management of agricultural environments
Practising community development : experience in Strathclyde
The European Community and the environment
"Quit your ♥♥♥♥♥ing and play the game" : impoliteness in a gaming-oriented online discussion forum
The round house
Maintaining and Extending Social Networks in IRC-galleria
Historical dictionary of the European Community
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
The hard ECU : enrichment of the basket ECU with a multiple currency option
The effects on intra-Community competition of export subsidies to third countries : the case of export credits, export insurance and official development assistance
The means to express conflict is through communication, and the means to manage and address conflict is also via communication. This handbook emphasises constructive conflict management from a communication perspective which places primacy in the message as the focus of conflict research and practice.
The homecoming
Diverse human resource management of a non-profit organisation
Education, vocational training and youth policy : girls and transition
The structure of the corporation : a legal analysis
Under the banner of heaven : a story of violent faith
Inviting lead users from virtual communities to co-create : innovative IS services in a structured groupware environment
The long shadow
Directory of public databases
A slant of light : a novel
The river and the book
TravelersAround : Find fellow travelers around you based on your current location - on the go
Social Europe : supplement on education and vocational training within the European Community. Activities of the Commission of the European Communities in 1983 and 1984
An introduction to cybercultures
Research issues in community nursing
Measuring customer satisfaction a case study: Kuopio Setlementti Puijola RY (Kompassi)
Sport management : principles and applications
Shoes for Anthony
Day-care facilities and services for children under the age of three in the European Community
User-driven community-based service development
COMMUNITY-BASED CSR APPROACH : Case study of a forestry association in China
Conner Street's war
Benefit-oriented socially engaged art : two cases of social work experiment :  lektio
Community Management and its role in a Business Model. : A qualitative study on online community’s progress in the business world and how it is used
E.C. competition law handbook : 1994 edition. Marc van der Woude, Christopher Jones, Xavier Lewis
Follow-up evaluation of library and information services 2004
Community governance
Earthly delights
Kind of kin
Motivation of Crowds' Online Participation in Crowdsourcing Community : A case of XIAOMI MIUI
National and EC nitrate policies : agricultural aspects for 7 EC countries
Annual economic report 1987-88 : using the Community dimension to reinforce internal growth
Sustainable village in northern conditions : alternatives for sustainable energy production in rural areas
Rich seam : community development in coalfield communities
Completing the internal market : current status 31 December 1989. The elimination of frontier controls
"Naturally wired to learn" : beliefs about SLA in an online community
Building community strengths : a resource book on capacity building
European Community directives in the field of consumer protection and public health. Volume 1, Foodstuffs and related legislation
"...and no birds sing."
Diseases which spread due to lack of sanitation facilities and knowledge on hygiene can in the worst case cause death. The problem occurs worldwide, and it touches mainly the lives of the poorest. Access to sanitation facilities is a significant way to improve people`s well-being. Turku University of Applied Sciences, Global Dry Toilet Association of Finland and Salvation Army of Swaziland have built dry toilets in an urban community in the capital of Swaziland in southern Africa. Dry toilets take control over the bacteria and prevent environmental degradation. In addition, the final compost product from the dry toilets can be utilised to prevent soil erosion, and the separated urine as a fertiliser in gardening. The thesis work aims to support the final phase of the dry sanitation project and a safe exit strategy.  Dry sanitation meets the criteria of an innovation as a new sanitation solution in the community. In addition to the innovation, according to Everett M. Rogers` Diffusion of Innovations Theory other factors influencing the diffusion process are the target community, time and communication channels. The study focused on the unofficial communication about sanitation and dry sanitation in the community. The objective was to study the unofficial structures through communication structures, and their role in the innovation diffusion. Information was gathered through interviewing community members from four different groups; sanitation experts trained by the project, dry toilet caretakers and their neighbors, and traditional leadership. The results showed that communication structures within the sample groups are rather weak, and they are based more on official structures. Despite the common goals community leaders and sanitation experts have little cooperation. Neighbors have very little knowledge about dry sanitation. The strongest communication occurs between sanitation experts and dry toilet caretakers, and in these groups potential for increasing the diffusion process can be seen.
Foxlowe
The people of the plain : class and community in lower Andalusia
The giver
EAHP and PGEU look to the future roles of the pharmacists together
The Eurocrats : conflict and crisis in the European Community
Monitoring manual & menu (MM&M) for CBR and other community-based disability inclusive development programs : manual
Making social capital : case study of two beneficiary communities of the social housing initiative, Lagos, Nigeria
Completing the internal market : white paper from the Commission to the European Council
Neutral states and the European Community
Religious rituals and social norms in the making of adaptive systems : empirical and theoretical synthesis on revivals in 19th century Finland
Changing family institution challenges family policy making in Estonia
Asylum, migration and community
Religious life and communities
Single European Act
Social Alienation and Peer Identification : a Study of the Social Construction of Deafness
An economic analysis of the Ec
Publicity for nonprofits : generating media exposure that leads to awareness, growth, and contributions
Spatial and temporal variation in fish populations and assemblages in coastal waters of the northern Baltic Proper
Improve your BSL! : a practical learning guide to British Sign Language : exercises, tips, examples, ideas - to supplement your course-work
Finland in the European Community
Job Satisfaction and Innovation in Non-profit Organisations : Relationships between Facets of Job Satisfaction and Technological and Administrative Innovations
Voyages to Utopia : from monastery to commune : the search for the perfect society in modern times
Inside, outside and the space in-between : territories and boundaries in the study of religion
An accessible guide to demystifying the economy and creating a more just and sustainable world. Take back the economy dismantles the idea that the economy is separate from us and best comprehended by experts, demonstrating that the economy is the outcome of the decisions and efforts we make every day. Full of exercises and inspiring examples from around the world, it shows how people can implement small-scale changes in their own lives to create ethical economies
Collective creativity for resbonsible and sustainable business practice
The howling miller
Oxford handbook of primary care and community nursing
The promise
Australian sign language (Auslan) : an introduction to sign language linguistics
The trouble with goats and sheep
The Maze Runner series complete collection
Take back the economy : an ethical guide for transforming our communities
The BABEL project : first status report : deep reservoir geology programme
Collaboration in online communities : exploring Finnish Wikipedia
Trust in a complex world : rebuilding community
Possibility-driven design in design-oriented communities
Working together - the institutions of the European Community and Union
Community gardening handbook : plant & grow together
Customer engagement behaviors and purchase value
Social media in public diplomacy : survey on the social media communication of the Finnish missions abroad
Forest products markets in ... and prospects for ... = Marchés des produits forestiers en ... et perspectives pour ..
After me comes the flood
Quick reference to community health nursing
Such a long journey
The potato
Community nursing : dimensions and dilemmas
Horizontal mergers and competition policy in the European Community
Job satisfaction and innovation in non-profit organisations : relationships between facets of job satisfaction and technological and administrative innovations
The living and the dead in Winsford
Nonprofit kit for dummies
Completing the internal market : current status 31 December 1990. Conditions for business cooperation : public procurement
EEC competition rules : guide for small and medium-sized enterprises
Completing the internal market : current status 31 December 1990. A common market for services
The English village : history and tradition
Redemption
COST : collected agreements concluded within the framework of European cooperation in the field of scientific and technical research
Human resource management (HRM) can aid nonprofit organizations (NPOs) in facing uncertain, changing environments of funding pressures, increasing competition and demand for services as well as internal challenges. As the distinguishing features of NPOs can render the professionalization of HRM different from the private and public sectors, this book fills a gap in the literature by offering an in-depth look at how this distinctive nature of NPOs shapes the development and implementation of their HR practices. Timely and topical, this book addresses the professionalization of HRM in the nonprofit sector using examples from an exploratory multiple case study of NPOs selected across different fields. Not only does it offer both students and practitioners in the field of HRM and nonprofit management a better understanding of the specific challenges for HRM that stem from the management of several, contradictory bottom lines in NPOs, but it also highlights the opportunities that distinguishing nonprofit features create for the development and implementation of HR practices. By illustrating how NPOs can invest in learning and adapting processes that aid them in the alteration of HRM, this book is an essential resource for those involved in designing, implementing and studying HRM in NPOs.
Vocational training in the European Community: challenges and future outlook : follow-up to the Commission memorandum on vocational training in the European Community in the 1990s
The Scorch trials
The abc of Community law
The Routledge companion to nonprofit marketing
Global tangos : travels in the transnational imaginary
Community marketing: How businesses implement Web 2.0
Treaties establishing the European Communities : amending treaties : other basic instruments
"What Goes Around, Comes Around." : Community Construction and Maintenance by Expatriate Brits in St. Petersburg and Helsinki in the 1890's and 1990's
Completing the internal market : current status 31 December 1990. A new Community standards policy
Treaties establishing the European Communities (ECSC, EEC, EAEC) : Single European Act : other basic instruments : abridged edition
Dark spectre
Finland in the European Community : an assessment of the economic impacts
Participating in Canada's victory : the Finnish community in Canada during World War II
Communities in cyberspace
Internal market and industrial cooperation
Conflict of national identity in Sudan
Working together - the institutions of the European Community
The island
Sustainable Community Development through Volunteer Tourism and the Role of NGOs in Nepal
The law of corporations : what corporate lawyers do
What is a Finntown?
Tools for regeneration : practical advice for faith communities
Fair competition in the internal market : Community State aid policy ; The ecu and its role in the process towards monetary union
Businesss model generation for a nonprofit organization : Pirkanmaan Protopajaverkosto
Independence and involvement : an actor-perspective on building intercultural local societies in a globalised, postmodern world
Explanatory notes to the combined nomenclature of the European Communities : 1989 edition
Programme of the Commission for 1986 : Statement by Jacques Delors, President of the Commission, to the European Parliament and his reply to the ensuing debate
The people of the eye : deaf ethnicity and ancestry
The Impact of Social Networking at HAAGA-HELIA
Environmental policy in the European Community
Europe 2000 : outlook for the development of the Community's territory : a preliminary overview
Heteroglossic and multimodal resources in use : participation across spaces of identification in a Christian lifestyle sports community
Key concepts in community studies
Managing and measuring performance in public and nonprofit organizations : an integrated approach
Blood of the earth
The winter boy
A business guide to the single financial market
The court of justice of the European Communities
An exploration of principals' and teachers' perception of teacher leadership in Finland : the case of four upper secondary schools in Jyväskylä
Monitoring manual & menu (MM&M) for CBR and other community-based disability inclusive development programs : menu
Discourses and decision making : a case study of a relocating town
The European Community's transport policy
Credit institutions : Community measures adopted or proposed (situation as at January 1989)
Creative blogging : your first steps to a succesful blog
Completing the internal market : current status 31 December 1989. Veterinary and plant health controls
The girls
The last runaway
Perceptions of empowerment and power in community development programs : case study of Tanganyika Christian Refugee Service
Human resource management in nonprofit organizations
Yhteisöhoito osaksi suomalaista terveydenhuollon koulutusta : kansallinen levityshanke pilotti projektille Community care - developing an international degree programme for nurse education
Completing the internal market : current status December 1988. Veterinary and plant health controls
Sociocultural sustainability of rural community-based tourism : case study of local participation in fair trade coffee trail, Nicaragua
The regions of the enlarged Community : third periodic report on the social and economic situation and development of the regions of the Community : summary and conclusions
Religious participation is much more widespread in the United States than in Europe, while Europeans tend to view sects more suspiciously than Americans. We propose an explanation for these patterns without assuming differences in preferences or market fundamentals. We study a religious market where both demand and supply of spiritual services are endogenous. Such markets may have multiple equilibria. Further, equilibria with more sects result in higher welfare and lower membership costs, as secular societies tend to host on average more demanding sects.
MobileMonday culture : the lure of participatory space
Culminatum Ltd Oy: Analysing and developing the marketing campaign and internet portal of the "Development of welfare entrepreneurs’ business knowledge, network communication and networking" project.
The devil's edge
Treaties establishing the European Communities : amendments to the 1978 edition : mainly arising from the Act concerning the Conditions of Accession of the Hellenic Republicn
Cohousing : a contemporary approach to housing ourselves
Completing the internal market : current status 31 December 1989. A common market for services
Networked Nonprofit : connecting with Social Media to Drive Change
Now available in a fully revised and updated fourth edition, Sport Management: Principles and Applications introduces the sport industry and examines the role of the state, non-profit and professional sectors in sport. It focuses on core management principles and their application in a sporting context, highlighting the unique challenges faced in a career in sport management. Written in an engaging and accessible style, each chapter has a clear structure designed to make key information and concepts simple to find and to utilize. Chapters contain a conceptual overview, references, further reading, links to important websites, study questions and up-to-date case studies from around the world to show how theory works in the real world, and a companion website offers additional activities for students and guidance notes and slides for instructors. The book covers every core functional area of management, including: * strategic planning * organizational culture * organizational structures * human resource management * leadership * governance * financial management * marketing * performance management. This fourth edition also includes expanded coverage of sport media, change management and other contemporary management issues, providing a comprehensive introduction to the practical application of management principles within sport organizations. It is ideal for first and second year students on sport management related courses, as well as those studying business-focused or human movement courses seeking an overview of applied sport management principles.
An economic analysis of the EC
Increasing Fida International̀s visibility and financial support through a marketing guide
Community in Europe : a historical lexicon
Developing Customer Strategy and Segmentation, Case: The Finnish Seamen's Mission in the Benelux
The non-contractual and contractual liability of the European Communities
Citizens' Europe: action taken by the European Parliament to create a European Community to serve its citizens
Completing the internal market : current status 31 December 1989. Conditions for industrial cooperation : open public procurement market
Review of the Foundation's work 1985-92 and its implications for women
The SAGE handbook of conflict communication
Groups as epistemic communities : studies on the role of groups in forming and circulating social knowledge
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
Gossiping about sanitation : role of communication in innovation diffusion
Abstract.
Guidelines for applicants ERASMUS & LINGUA (action II) : academic year 1994/95
Explanatory notes to the combined nomenclature of the European Communities
The invisible hand plays dice : multiple equilibria in sects markets
Growing up Amish
A practical guide for doing small non-profit project
Abstract: Racist identity within youth groups : a case study in the city of Joensuu at the turn of the millenium
In the Four Streets, a dreadful murder has been committed and 14-year-old Kitty Doherty is pregnant with the dead man's child. This secret is so dangerous that it is decided Kitty must go to Ireland to await the baby's birth. But in Liverpool, the police aren't giving up their search for the truth. Somewhere, in this tight-knit Irish Catholic community, someone must know something. The streets are alive with gossip and rumour, and it isn't easy to keep a secret that big.
The sand men
Abstract: Research indicates that organisations need to be more flexible, adaptive, entrepreneurial and innovative in order to effectively meet the changing demands of today's environment. On the other hand, it seems that higher level of job satisfaction is beneficial for companies to promote innovation climate and innovation activities. Therefore, job satisfaction appears to be tied to innovation, which is vital for the long-term success of the non-profit organisations. This study examines the potential relationships between job satisfaction facets, such as income, opportunities for advancement, relations with co-workers and supervisor, nature of work and job security, with technological and administrative innovations in the context of non-profit organisations. There were three stages to the research: formulating a conceptual model defining, based on literature, the concepts and relationships of job satisfaction, its facets and the two types of innovation; studying a non-profit organisation and identifying a way of measuring the afore-mentioned relationships; and testing the conceptual model utilising statistical theories. The employees of the case-study organisation completed a questionnaire measuring job satisfaction facets, technological and administrative innovations. The results indicated that facets that are favourable to administrative innovation differ from those that are conducive to technological innovation. In particular, satisfaction with income and the relations with co-workers are statistically significant predictors of administrative innovation, in a positive and a negative way respectively. Plus, satisfaction with the opportunities for advancement is a positive significant predictor of technological innovation. Complementing these results, an automatic model, which was built using IBM SPSS Statistics 21, designated the relation with co-workers and the manager and the satisfaction with the income and the nature of work as further important predictors of technological innovation and the opportunities for advancement and the job security as additional important predictors of administrative innovation.
Completing the internal market : current status 31 December 1990. Veterinary and plant health controls
Son
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of Imperial Russia until the 1970s
Association: EEC-Cyprus, EEC-Malta, EEC-Turkey. Cooperation: EEC-Algeria, EEC-Egypt, EEC-Israel, EEC-Jordan, EEC-Lebanon, EEC-Morocco, EEC-Syria, EEC-Tunisia, EEC-Yugoslavia : compilation of texts VI, 1 January - 31 December 1989
The present state of locally operating businesses' marketing, CASE: Born Local
Asset building & community development
Completing the internal market : current status 31 December 1990. The elimination of frontier controls
The Community today
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Strengthening communities : a guide to capacity building for communities and the public sector
Rhetoric and community : studies in unity and fragmentation
Credit institutions : Community measures adopted or proposed [situation as at May 1990
The sociological significance of the Taizé community as a religious phenomen of our time
The scorch trials
Community pharmacies and the needs of mobile EU citizens : a study on Finns living in Spain
Profile work for authenticity : self-presentation in social network services
Legal protection of the financial interests of the Community : proceedings of the seminar organised by the Directorate-General for Financial Control and the Legal Service of the Commission of the European Communities on the 27, 28 and 29 November in Brussels
Inventory of artisanal fishery communities in the Western and Central Mediterranean
Conclusion (s. 63-64.
Completing the internal market : current status 31 December 1989. A new Community standards policy
A new hope
Realizing community : concepts, social relationships and sentiments
The Village : an oral historical and ethnographic study of a black community
The potential socio-economic and environmental impacts of solar PV mini-grid deployment on local communities: a case study of rural island communities on the Volta Lake, Ghana
Insider/outsider issues are of central importance for the definitions of religion and for the identity of religious groups, for the subjectivity and relationships of their adherents, for methodological issues within the study of religions and for the relationship between non-theological and thological studies of religion. Conceptions of 'inside', 'outside' and 'boundary', the emotions surrounding them, their origins in the social relations of body, family and strangers, and the metaphors used to depict and manage them all provide important insights for thinking about religions, how they are studies and by whom. A discussion of socio-spatial and cognitive linguistic theories of categorisation, containment and boundary-making is followed by several case studies in which territories and boundaries are explored with reference to the relationship between 'religion' and 'magic' in medieval Europe, the Enlightenment construction of 'religion', 'religions' and 'non-religion', and briefly, the disciplinary engagement of religious studies and theology. The application of the concept of the 'sacred' to these boundaries and the spaces they produce is considered.
FORCE - Continuing vocational training in Europe : vademecum
Séminaire sur l'industrie touristique face à la construction européenne communautaire : Bruges, Belgique, 6-7 mai 1992 = Seminar on the tourism industry and construction of the European Community : Bruges, Belgium, 6-7 May 1992.
