http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3848 porcelain industry
porcelain industry
Sotheby's concise encyclopedia of porcelain
Encyclopaedia of British pottery and porcelain marks
Collecting pottery & porcelain : the facts at your fingertips
Rosenthal : dining services, figurines, ornaments and art objects
Painting Porcelain : in the meissen style
Porcelain through the ages
Russian porcelain : the state of collections and research : conference organized by the Vera Saarela Foundation and the National Museum of Finland, Helsinki, Finland, November 2008 = Russki farfor : sostojanie kollektsi i issledovanija : konferentsija, organizovannaja Fondom Very Saarela, Helsinki, Finljandija, Nojabr 2008
Antiques : A popular guide to antiques for everyone
British pottery : an illustrated guide
Fine porcelain & pottery : The best of the world's beautiful china
The Royal Copenhagen Porcelain Manufactory
A collectorȧs history of english pottery
Imagining consumers : design and innovation from Wedgwood to Corning
Collectors handbook of marks & monograms on pottery & porcelain
World ceramics
Techniques of the world's great masters of ..
The dictionary of blue and white printed pottery 1780-1880. Vol. 2, (Additional entries and supplementary information)
Transparency : Jane Reumert, studio ceramist
The dictionary of blue and white printed pottery 1780-1880
Arabia : ceramics, art, industry
Worcester porcelain : 1751-1783 : the Marshall collection
Davenport : China, earthenware, glass
British porcelain : an illustrated guide
Paper-composite porcelain : characterisation of material properties and workability from a ceramic art and design perspective
Directory of European porcelain
Länsieurooppalaista posliinia : Vera Saarelan kokoelma, Suomen kansallismuseo = Western European porcelain : Collection Vera Saarela, the National Museum of Finland
Art deco and modernist ceramics
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 5
The porcelain and faience manufactory in Korzec
Herend : traditional craftsmanship in the 20th century
250 years of Lomonosov porcelain manufacture St. Petersburg 1744-1994
Arabia : taideteollisuusosaston esineet, riisiesineet = artiklar från konstindustriavdelningen, risartiklar = articles from the applied art, pieces in ricetechnique
Royal Copenhagen Porcelain animals and figurines
Encyclopedia of Universal Potteries : identification and values
Directory of european porcelain : marks, makers and factories
Miller's pottery & porcelain marks : including a comprehensive guide to artists, makers, factories,and forms
Concise marks & monograms on pottery & porcelain
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 2
Contemporary porcelain : materials, techniques and expressions
Herend : traditional craftsmanship at the turn of the millenium
Arts and Crafts : glass and pottery
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 4
Miller's twentieth-century ceramics  : a collector's guide to British and North America factory-produced ceramics
Farfor zavoda A. M. Miklaševskogo = Porcelain of the A. M. Miklashevsky factory
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 6
Ten thousand years of pottery
Later ceramics in South-East Asia : sixteenth to twentieth centuries
The Mozart compendium : a guide to Mozart's life and music
Venäläistä posliinia : Vera Saarelan kokoelma, Suomen kansallismuseo = Russian porcelain : Collection Vera Saarela, the National Museum of Finland
French porcelain of the 18th century
Japanese art and design
Porcelain and crystal
Antique Trader guide to fakes & reproductions : authentic or fake? : can yoy make the right choice?
Porcelain in Russia : 18th-19th centuries : the Gardner factory
Villeroy & Boch : 250 years of European industrial history 1748-1998
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 3
Rörstrand : Jugendstil-Porzellan aus Schweden : das weisse Gold des Nordens = Art nouveau porcelain from Sweden : the white gold of the North
Porcelain in architecture - design - lifestyle
Collector's encyclopedia of Nippon porcelain : identification & values
Russian porcelains : the collections of Marjorie Merriweather Post, Hillwood, Washington, D.C
Gzhel : ceramics 18th-19th centuries, ceramics 20 th century : keramika 18-19 vekov, keramika 20 veka = Gzel
English porcelain of the eighteenth century
The decorative art of limoges : porcelain and boxes
Porcelain of St Petersburg private factories
Ceramic, whitewares : history, technology and applications
20th century ceramics
Gems from pottery and porcelain : selected works of teachers and students of Jindezhen pottery and porcelain institute
Summary.
From the origins of european porcelain to art deco style
Royal Copenhagen porcelain 1775-2000 : 225 years of design
Revolutionary ceramics : Soviet porcelain 1917-1927
Russian applied art : eighteenth to early twentieth century
European ceramic art from the end of the middle ages to about 1815 : a dictionary of factories, artists, technical terms, et cetera
The art of ceramics : European ceramic design 1500-1830
A collector's history of english pottery
Nanny Still : 45 years of design = 45 ans de design
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 1
