http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3843 relief work
relief work
Philanthropy and cultural context : Western philanthropy in South, East, and Southeast Asia in the 20th century
A bed for the night : humanitarianism in crisis
First world hunger revisited : food charity or the right to food?
Lords of poverty
The UN and transnational corporations : from code of conduct to global compact
Blinded by humanity : inside the UN's humanitarian operations
Abstract in english.
Power of the purse? : Norway as a donor in the conditionality epoch 1980-2000
The big show in Bololand : the American relief expedition to Soviet Russia in the famine of 1921
Doing good by doing good : why creating shared value is the key to powering business growth and innovation
Results report 2011 : aid and conflict
On the effects of new forms of foreign aid
Structural violence as a constraint to African policy formation in the 1990s : repositioning education in international relations
American & Soviet aid : a comparative analysis
Helping skills : facilitating exploration, insight, and action
Abstract.
Foreign assistance legislation, fiscal year 1972 : hearings before the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, Ninety-second Congress, first session, on S. 1656 ... and S. 1657 ... June 10, and 14, 1971.
Aid : understanding international development cooperation
Crisis and recovery 1997
Disaster response and recovery : strategies and tactics for resilience
Preparedness and response for catastrophic disasters
Row for freedom : crossing an ocean in search of hope
Aid, diplomacy and facts on the ground : the case of Palestine
Forbidden lessons in a Kabul guesthouse : the true story of one woman who risked everything to bring hope to Afghanistan
The big truck that went by : how the world came to save Haiti and left behind a disaster
Charity, politics and the third world
Managing the undesirables : refugee camps and humanitarian government
Toward an evangelical missiology of humanitarian aid ministry
Reducing poverty in Sub-Saharan Africa : two development theories and the role of the church
Using locational data from mobile phones in development aid projects : a case study
Stones into Schools : promoting peace with books, not bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan
Notes from my travels : visits with refugees in Africa, Cambodia, Pakistan and Ecuador
Tsunami : responding to an unprecedented emergency
Disasters and humanitarian assistance
As between brothers : the story of Lutheran response to world need
Foreign aid and foreign direct investments in Ghana's economic development and their impact on the ordinary Ghanaian - a survey for the Tema Parliament Office
Keeping hope alive : how one Somalian woman changed 90,000 lives
Toolkits : a practical guide to assessment, monitoring, review and evaluation
The volatility of aid
Giving : how each of us can change the world
Private development aid in Europe : foreign aid between the public and the private domain
Training for peace and humanitarian relief operations : advancing best practices
Bread from stones : The Middle East and the making of modern humanitarianism
Little princes : one man's promise to bring home the lost children of Nepal
Developmentalism vs. instrumentalism : an interpretation of the history of Finnish development aid
PlanetHero : collaborative system for public good initiatives : exploration of design opportunities and challenges in collaboration of public good sector in Cape Town, SA
Foreign resources and economic development : a symposium on the report of the Pearson Commission
Philanthropy and the dynamics of change in East and Southeast Asia
The development of a course for the Red Cross on the rights and responsibilities of medical personnel according to international humanitarian law
American philanthropy abroad : a history
The Aid Rush traces the foreign aid regimes of Norway, Denmark, the Netherlands, and Germany through the various aid 'fashions' of the Cold War period from the 1950s to the 1990s. The case studies, based on public and private historical archives, illustrate issues of aid governance in the recipient countries of Africa, India, and the Middle East. The contributions - by political scientists, historians, and economists - address the systemic problems of aid, such as donor-recipient cooperation and bureaucracy, self-sustainability, and entrepreneurship. The two closely interlinked volumes shed light on the question of why inefficiencies in administering aid continue to persist. Volume I is divided into two parts. The first section deals with the aid policies of the Northern European states in an international perspective, while the second section investigates issues of national priorities and individual actors in greater detail.
Bureaucracy and famine in eighteenth-century China
The reality of aid 2004 : an independent review of poverty reduction and development assistance : focus on governance and human rights
Does foreign aid really work?
Analysis of deviations and delays in aid disbursements
Right of thirst : a novel
European recovery and American aid : a report by the President's Committee on Foreign Aid, November 7, 1947.
Volunteer : a traveller's guide to making a difference around the world
The politics of foreign aid
Military-civilian interactions : intervening in humanitarian crises
Concern for the needs of others : from charity and philanthropy to the end of the welfare state
The trouble with aid : why less could mean more for Africa
Development intervention on the ground : inherent rationales of aid and their encounter with local dynamics in three Cambodian villages
Religion in philanthropic organizations : family, friend, foe?
Educational evaluation in Norwegian development aid : does competence in education make a difference?
The humanitarian companion : a guide for international aid, development, and human rights workers
Humanitarian economics : war, disaster and the global aid market
Special and differential treatment for developing countries : does it help those who help themselves?
The rape of Nanking : the forgotten holocaust of World War II
Black flags and windmills : hope, anarchy, and the Common Ground Collective
Commission on inner missions : report 1952-1957 : Lutheran World Federation Assembly, August 15-25, 1957 Minneapolis, Minn
The European Community's development policy : statement by the Council and the Commission
Information and communication technologies for African development : an assessment of progress and challenges ahead
Sacred aid : faith and humanitarianism
Fighting poverty
Globally oriented citizenship and international voluntary service
Refugees : a challenge to solidarity
Tragedy offstage : suffering and sympathy in ancient athens
Research on action to fight land degradation : a case study of World Vision Finland
Evaluating development aid : issues, problems and solutions
3.11 : disaster and change in Japan
The aid rush : aid regimes in Northern Europe during the Cold War / Vol. 1
Reforming the World Bank : twenty years of trial -- and error
The rise of Japanese NGOs : activism from above
Out of poverty : what works when traditional approaches fail
In my hands : memories of a holocaust rescuer
Finnish aid to Tanzania : still afloat
The white book about support for the Ryongchon disaster
Orphans in Ethiopia and the role of schooling and NGOs : case study in an international NGO's orphanage in rural Ethiopia
This Discussion Paper explores Nigeria's human development aid to Africa, Caribbean and Pacific countries under its international volunteer programme called the Technical Aid Corps (TAC). It critically examines the relationship between participation in international civic service and civic nationalism. Using a combination of empirical and analytical methods, the author is able to provide insights into the impact of two decades of Nigeria's aid diplomacy within the context of South-South solidarity and into the inculcation of values linked to globally oriented citizenship in TAC volunteers. The findings of this study are of value to those interested in emerging African development cooperation in the global South and the expanding notions of citizenship beyond borders. Scholars, development actors and policymakers will find this study refreshingly different and highly informative.
Climate-smart agriculture : possible roles of agricultural universities in a strengthened Norwegian climate change engagement in Africa
War against want : America's Food for Peace Program
Development ethics at work : explorations -- 1960-2002
Civil society in Japan : the growing role of NGOs in Tokyo's aid and development policy
Results report 2014 : human rights and democracy
The Africa policies of Nordic Countries and erosion of the Nordic aid model : a comparative study
Building bridges or digging trenches? : civil society engagement after the arab spring
Helping and being helped : naturalistic studies
International development policy : aid, emerging economies and global policies
The aid rush : aid regimes in Northern Europe during the Cold War / Vol. 2
What is aids? : a manual for health workers
All that is solid melts into air
The impact of the World Bank aid on developing countries
Resettlement from the Russian North : an analysis of state -induced relocation policy
Soul feathers : an anthology to aid the work of Macmillan cancer support
Aid for Spain
"Shattered by his wife's death, and by his own role in it, successful cardiologist Charles Anderson volunteers to assist with earthquake relief in an impoverished Islamic country in a constant state of conflict with its neighbor. But when the refugees he's come to help do not appear and artillery begins to fall in the distance along the border, the story takes an unexpected turn. This haunting, resonant tour de force about one man's desire to live a moral life offers a moving exploration of the tensions between poverty and wealth, the ethics of intervention, the deep cultural differences that divide the world, and the essential human similarities that unite it." -- (Back Cover)
War games : the story of aid and war in modern times
The booming global humanitarian market is worth billions of dollars a year, yet the demand for, and provision of, humanitarian assistance for those affected by wars and disasters rarely if ever converges. In parallel, 'humanitarian economics' has emerged as a new field of study and practice, one that encompasses the economics and political economy of war, disaster, terrorism and humanitarianism. Carbonnier's book is the first to present humanitarian economics to a wider readership, one that seeks to define its parameters, explain its utility and convince us why it matters. Among the issues he discusses are: how are emotions and altruism incorporated within a rational-choice framework? How do the economics of war and terrorism inform humanitarians' negotiations with combatants, and shed light on the role of aid in conflict? What do catastrophe bonds and risk-linked securities hold for disaster response? How does the impact of the Syrian crisis on Lebanon illustrate the challenges of assessing needs in an urban, middle-income country and of opting for cash assistance rather than material aid? As more actors enter the humanitarian marketplace, including private firms, Carbonnier's revealing portrayal is especially timely, as is his critique of the transformative power of crises.
Poverty and aid
Swords into ploughshares : an account of the American Friends Service Committee 1917-1937
Slum travelers : ladies and London poverty, 1860-1920
Philanthropy in a flat world : inspiration through globalization
"On January 12, 2010 a massive earthquake laid waste to Port-au-Prince, Haiti, killing hundreds of thousands of people. Within three days, Dr. Paul Farmer arrived in the Haitian capital, along with a team of volunteers, to lend his services to the injured. In this vivid narrative, Farmer describes the incredible suffering--and resilience--that he encountered in Haiti. Having worked in the country for nearly thirty years, he skillfully explores the social issues that made Haiti so vulnerable to the earthquake--the very issues that make it an "unnatural disaster." Complementing his account are stories from other doctors, volunteers, and earthquake survivors. Haiti after the earthquake will both inform and inspire readers to stand with the Haitian people against the profound economic and social injustices that formed the fault line for this disaster"--Provided by publisher.
Food for the soul or the soul for food : users' perspectives on religiously affliliated food charity in a Finnish city
Religion and development : Nordic perspectives on involvement in Africa
Australia's international development assistance
Emergency relief sector : doing business with the United Nations
However long the night
Rural electrification projects : report of the evaluation study
Capacity-building for poverty eradication : analysis of, and lessons from, evaluations of UN system support to countries' efforts
Report on the project to assess the acquisitions needs of university libraries in developing countries
Haiti after the earthquake
Humanitarian Charter and minimum standards in humanitarian response
Social economy - north and south
Religion in Philanthropic Activity explores the tensions inherent in religious philanthropies across a variety of organizations and examines the effect assumptions about "professional" philanthropy have had on how religious philanthropies carry out their activities. Among the organizations discussed are the Salvation Army, the World Council of Churches, and Catholic Charities USA. The essays focus on the work of one individual, Robert Pierce, founder of World Vision and Samaritan's Purse, and on more general matters such as philanthropy and Jewish identity, American Muslim philanthropy since 9/11, and the federal program that funds faith-based initiatives. The book sheds light on how religion and philanthropy function in American society, shaping and being shaped by the culture and its notions of the "common good."
The frontman : Bono (in the name of power)
Getting to the 21st Century : voluntary action and the global agenda
Educational evaluation as development aid
The authors trace the foreign regimes of Denmark, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Netherlands and Norway from the 1950s to the 1990s. The articles are based on public and private historical archives and deal with donor policies as well as the recipients in Africa, India and the Middle East. The 16 contributors are all historians and social scientists. The two volumes are closely interlinked. The first volume is divided into two parts. The first part deals with the aid policies of the Northern European states in an international perspective; while the second investigates issues of national priorities and individual actors in greater detail. The second volume consists of individual case studies organised in two parts; 'The 'Developmental State' Revisited' and 'Donor meets Recipient. Different Agendas', a closer look at the interaction of the two parties in the aid relationship'.
Aid relationships in Asia : exploring ownership in Japanese and Nordic aid
In support of Spanish democracy
Women in social work who have changed the world
Addresses and reports to the annual consultation : being the addresses and reports presented to the annual consultation on "the church's mission and role of inter-church aid" organised by the Division of Inter-church Aid and Service to Refugees of the World Council of Churches, Les Rasses, Switzerland May 28th to June 2nd, 1956.
Mission and development : God's work or good works?
The changing landscape in Eastern Europe : a personal perspective on philanthropy and technology transfer
Towards sustainable procurement
Hope in hell : inside the the world of Doctors Without Borders
Machine gun preacher
When Molly Melching arrived at the University of Dakar in Senegal to study French literature in the fall of 1974, she planned on staying for only six months. This book tells the story of how true change can start with one woman and how the connections between women can lead to a better world.
Enduring witness : the churches and the Palestinians. Vol. 2
Acts of compassion : caring for others and helping ourselves
Aid effectiveness : the impact of inequality and conditionality on aid allocation
The need to help : the domestic arts of international humanitarianism
Understanding voluntary organizations
Conflicting Strategies to Enhance Foreign Aid Efficacy in Africa : the millennium villages, randomized trials and free trade
Band-aid for a broken leg : being a doctor with no borders and other ways to stay single
An imperfect offering : dispatches from the medical frontline
Three cups of tea : one man's mission to promote peace... one school at a time
Saints and sinners : official development aid and its dynamics in a historical and comparative perspective
Stones into schools: promoting peace with books, not bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan
Volunteer tales : experiences of working abroad
Operational security management in violent environments : a field manual for aid agencies
Philanthropy in Russia : public attitudes and participation
Addressing state fragility in Africa : a need to challenge the established ‘wisdom’?
Spain still needs our help
Volunteer tourism : theoretical frameworks and practical applications
