http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3847 helping
helping
The invisible girls : a memoir
Mr Wolf's pancakes
Nuori-Youth -project : a participatory approach
Charlie's ice cream machine
The Sherwood hero
The focus of this book is upon consciously and proactively serving those in need, be they of any colour, creed or religion. Islam admonishes those who fail to see and address the needs of the poor, weak, elderly, oppressed, orphans, widows, refugees, travelers and prisoners. All possible means of serving humanity have been highlighted by citing the example of the Holy Prophet Muhammad and that of pious members of the Muslim community; thereby directing the attention of modern-day Muslims to this crucial and forgotten asset of Islam.
The helping process : an introduction
Freaks out!
The rescue princesses : the magic rings
Higgledy piggledy : the hen who loved to dance
Birthday fun
Happy Christmas Boris!
The cherry tree eggs
Heart of the hunter
Pawsome teamwork
The secret of the blue glass
The flying bath
Roo : the roaring dinosaur
Tiberius and the mouse from the Moon
The rescue princesses : the secret promise
Skills of helping individuals and groups
Drops of life
Helping : how to offer, give, and receive help
Wisher and the runaway piglet
The Book Thief & I Am the Messenger
A sailing boat in the sky
On misty island
Giving : how each of us can change the world
Barry : the fish with fingers
The rescue princesses : the golden shell
What friends do best
Teenibkii weynaa = The giant turnip
Lost and found
The cure for modern life : a novel
The brave Beast
Superworm is super-long. Superworm is super-strong. Watch him wiggle! See him squirm! There's no other worm like Superworm! He can fish Spider out of a well, and rescue Toad from a busy road. But who will come to Superworm's rescue, when he's captured by a wicked Wizard Lizard? Luckily, all of Superworm's friends have a cunning plan.
Laying hands upon the injured and dying, Avry of Kazan absorbs their wounds and diseases into herself. But rather than being honored for her skills, she is hunted. Healers like Avry are accused of spreading the plague that has decimated the Fifteen Realms, leaving the survivors in a state of chaos
Brush of wings
Despite needing a heart transplant and against the advice of her doctor, Mary Catherine moves to Uganda to work at a new orphanage. Whatever time she has left, Mary Catherine wants to spend it helping children -- especially since there will be no children of her own. The only problem is Major League Baseball player Marcus Dillinger, the man she never meant to fall in love with. Neither Marcus nor Mary Catherine's other friends -- Tyler Ames and Sami Dawson -- know just how serious her heart condition is. Still, Marcus is sure in the depths of his soul that something isn't right. Ultimately his correspondence with Mary Catherine leads him on a desperate life-or-death mission to rescue her and get her to a United States hospital before time runs out. Meanwhile, Sami and Tyler struggle with issues of their own. In a season when Tyler plans to ask Sami to marry him, the very core of their relationship is in jeopardy
Basic counselling skills : a helper's manual
iZombie. The complete first season
Too close to the edge
Strangers drowning : voyages to the brink of moral extremity
Jolly Tall
Hide and seek
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
Care and community in modern society : passing on the tradition of service to future generations
The rescue princesses : the lost gold
Fetch
Foxy in love
Sinclair, the wonder bear
Margarine and marbles
The illustrated guide to safe patient handling and movement
The brave kitten
Who's who in our street?
The death of bees
The ice lands
A night in with Audrey Hepburn
Split second
A year of marvellous ways
Effective helping : interviewing and counseling techniques
The secret rescuers : the storm dragon
Coming to terms with conservation under climate change : using species distribution models and translocation trials for estimating the need and potential of assisted migration
The mum-minder
The way back home
Living rich for less money : create the lifestyle you want by giving, saving, and spending smart
The Finnish national rapporteur on trafficking in human beings : report 2011.
Hidden in plain sight : how I sheltered a refugee
Ghost rescue and the greedy Gorgonzolas
City kid
Islam on serving humanity
The tomtes of Hilltop farm
No and me
Dora saves the Crystal Kingdom
Princess Ellie takes charge
Great Britain, British Jews and the international protection of Romanian Jews, 1900-1914 : a study of Jewish diplomacy and minority rights
Oliver : the cat who saved Christmas
O nabo gigante = The giant turnip
Library lion
The book thief
Sidney : the little blue elephant
Social and economic policies to prevent complex humanitarian emergencies : lessons from experience
Loss and bereavement : managing change
Juda de luobo = The giant turnip
The midwife of Hope River
The Little Red Hen : based on a traditional folk tale
The snow child
The elves and the shoemaker
Creative capitalism : a conversation with Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, and other economic leaders
The terrible time without Tilly
How do dinosaurs go to school?
Toffee apple night
Shalgham-i ghul paykar = The giant turnip
The gigantic turnip
When an elephant comes to school
What can I do to help? ; 75 practical ideas for family and friends from cancer's frontline
The rescue princesses : the rainbow opal
Demelza : a novel of Cornwall, 1788-1790
Vanished
Elmer, Rose and Super El
Dev numa shaljam = The giant turnip
Covert codes of women in prostitution : pathways for recovering roots after trauma interface
Can I tell you a secret?
Zahrah the windseeker
All the king's tights
The magic fox
Itty-bitty kitty rescue
Elfis iyo Kaboolihii = The elves and the shoemaker
Ghost rescue and the homesick mummy
Ordinary grace : an examination of the roots of compassion, altruism, and empathy, and the ordinary individuals who help others in extraordinary ways
Ghost rescue and the gloomy chost train
Acts of compassion : caring for others and helping ourselves
Touch of power
al-Liftah al-imlaqah = The giant turnip
Help! : a story of friendship
The  professional counselor : a process guide to helping
Three cups of tea : one man's mission to promote peace... one school at a time
Dear fairy godmother : a lift-the-flap book
Stones into schools: promoting peace with books, not bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan
Princess Ellie saves the day
Këpucari dhe elfët = The elves and the shoemaker
Barry : the fish with fingers and the hairy scary monster
