http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p384 village shops
village shops
Welcome to Rosie Hopkins' sweet shop of dreams
Prayers for the stolen : a novel
Historica. 2
The love letter
Training professionals for the global marketplace : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
Abstract: Training professionals for the global marketplace. Cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business.
Keyflower
Abstract.
The bookshop on Rosemary Lane
"For two centuries, travellers were amazed at the massive buildings found along the rivers that flow from the mountainous interior of Borneo. They concentrated hundreds of people under one roof, in the middle of empty rainforests. There was no practical necessity for this arrangement, and it remains a mystery. Peter Metcalf provides an answer by showing the historical context, using both oral histories and colonial records. The key factor was a pre-modern trading system that funneled rare and exotic jungle products to China via the ancient coastal city of Brunei. Meanwhile the elite manufactured goods traded upriver shaped the political and religious institutions of longhouse society. However, the apparent permanence of longhouses was an illusion. In historical terms, longhouse communities were both mobile and labile, and the patterns of ethnicity they created more closely resemble the contemporary world than any stereotype of 'tribal' societies"--Provided by publisher.
A technology village... : 5000 years ago
Fishery, trade and piracy : fishermen and fishermen's settlements in and around the North Sea area in the Middle Ages and later : papers from the colloquium at Oostende-Raversijde, Provincial Museum Walraversijde, Belgium, 21-23 November 2003 = Visserij, handel en piraterij : vissers en vissersnederzettingen in en rond de Noordzee in de Middeleeuwen en later : bijdragen van het colloquium in Oostende-Raversijde, Provincial Museum Walraversijde, België, 21-23 November 2003
The life of the longhouse : an archaeology of ethnicity
Global forests : issues for six billion people
People of Esarn
Chocolat
The lollipop shoes
Improving the morning sales of the 3+1 päivää campaign
The rise and fall of great powers
The last stand
Dona Nicanora's hat shop
The rise & fall of great powers : a novel
