http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3861 ateliers
ateliers
Artists and designers are now defined not by their discipline but by the fluidity with which their practices move between the fields of architecture, art, and design. This volume delves into four pioneering transdisciplinary studios-Jorge Pardo Sculpture, Konstantin Grcic Industrial Design, Studio Olafur Eliasson, and Ab ake-by observing and interviewing the practitioners and their assistants. A further series of interviews with curators, critics, anthropologists, designers, and artists serves to contextualize the transdisciplinary model now at the fore of creative practice. Including interviews with Jorge Pardo, Konstantin Grcic, Olafur Eliasson, and Ab ake; and Vito Acconci, Gui Bonsiepe, James Clifford, Dexter Sinister, Martino Gamper, Ryan Gander, Caroline Jones, Ronald Jones, Maria Lind, Alessandro Mendini, Rick Poynor, and Andrea Zittel.
Studios for artists concepts and concrete : a collaboration between Acme studios and central Saint Martins
Hvitträsk : koti taideteoksena = the home as a work of art
Taiteilijan piilopirtti : taiteilija Silja Rantasen ateljee, Karjaa = Artist's hideaway : studio of artist Silja Rantanen
Kalela - a microcosm of Finland and cradle of Akseli Gallen-Kallela's art / Janne Gallen-Kallela-Sirén
Frida Kahlo at home
Hvitträsk : koti taideteoksena = the home as a work of art / [toimituskunta Anna-Lisa Amberg...[et al.]]
The sculpture business : documents from the archive :  Centre for the Study of Sculpture, Henry Moore Institute  / compiled and edited by Penelope Curtis
Mazzano! : 20 vuotta aikaa taiteelle = 20 years of time for art. Vol. 2
The studio / edited by Jens Hoffmann
Bringing art to life : turn-of-the-century Finnish artists' homes
The vexations of art : Velázquez and others
The studio : [Dublin City Gallery The Hugh Lane, Dublin, 1 December 2006 - 25 February 2007] / Jens Hoffmann, Christina Kennedy
The studio reader : on the space of artists
Girl with a pearl earring
The studios of Paris : the capital of art in the late nineteenth century
Hvitträsk : koti taideteoksena = Hvitträsk : the home as a work of art
At least five ways to run a guest studio : goodwill alone is not enough
Mondrian and his studios : colour in space
The Harakka artist' colony
Särestön karu kauneus = The wild beauty of Särestö
A journey around my room / Laura Gutman-Hanhivaara
Where they create
Since the late thirteenth century, the glass of Murano, manufactured by master artisans on the Venetian archipelago of that name, has been collected voraciously by connoisseurs, royalty and museums worldwide. Murano's glassmakers invented and defined so many of the craft's best-known effects - crystalline, enameled, gold-threaded, multicolored and milk glass - that it is impossible to conceive of it without their labors." "Today's Murano craftsmen still use these ancient techniques, and in this photographic study, photographer Henry Thoreau takes us behind the scenes to offer a peek at their studios, factories and showrooms. Happily, his images are not at all of the gift shop brochure stripe, for they document not only the racks and trays of exquisite glassware, the workshops, furnaces, etc., but also their more lived-in recesses, giving the reader a palpable whiff of a working atmosphere. Thoreau's eye is matter-of-fact, characterized by a strong perspectival detachment and an unwillingness to overplay the obvious appeal of these intriguing studios, which speak for themselves of the wonders that are wrought there / WorldCat.
Glass notes : a reference for the glass artist
"My crenellated castle" : the history of Tarvaspää : Gallen-Kallela Museum 7.5.-11.9.1988
The transdisciplinary studio
This book explores the influence of Mexican culture and tradition, La Casa Azul and other places Frida Kahlo called home, on her life and work. La Casa Azul, now one of the most visited museums in Mexico City, was the artist's birthplace and the home where she grew up, lived with her husband Diego Rivera for a number of years, and also where she died. She spent long periods of time in the house convalescing, first in 1918 when she contracted polio and again, at the age of 18, after the trolley accident which left her badly injured. Confined to her bed and in constant pain and discomfort, she began to paint as a way to occupy her time. After marrying Rivera, Frida moved out of the Blue House, living in Mexico and abroad, moving for a brief time to the United States, until eventually returning to her childhood home. Fully illustrated, the book features Frida's paintings together with archive images and family photographs, objects and artefacts she collected and photographs of the surrounding landscape to provide an insight into how these places shaped this much-loved artist and how the homes and landscapes of her life relate to her work.
"Halonen Headland" : the studio home / Johanna Rinta-aho
The studios of Paris : the capital of art in the late nineteenth century / John Milner
Domestic interiors : representing homes from the Victorians to the moderns
Kalea and Tarvaspää - the wanderer's homes / Ritva Wäre
The painter's practice in Renaissance Tuscany
Lieven Nollet : ateliers d'artistes : [photos of artists' intimate worlds] : MUHKA Antwerpen, 16.6. - 26.8.2001 / tekst = text: Johan De Vos
Artists' experiences of the Tapiola Guest Studio
The artist in his studio / Alexander Liberman
Gallen-Kallela : a portrait of the artist as an architect / Marc Treib
Classical drawing atelier : a contemporary guide to traditional studio practice
Kalela and Tarvaspää : the wanderer's home
The silent studio
Suomalainen arkkitehtuuri 1900-luvulla = Finnish architecture in the 20th century / teksti Asko salokorpi ; valokuvat Ilpo Okkonen
My crenellated castle : the history of Tarvaspää : Gallen-Kallela Museum, 7.5. - 11.9.1988 / exhibition organizer: Gallen-Kallela Museum
Picasso : the artist's studio : [Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art, 9 June to 23 September 2001 : the Cleveland Museum of Art, 28 October 2001 to 6 January 2002] / Micahel FitzGerald ; with an essay by William H. Robinson
Murano : behind the glass
The fall of the studio : artists at work
Invisible hands? : the role and status of the painter's journeyman in the Low Countries c. 1450-c. 1650
My Name Is Red
The studio
Ateljeepukujen eleganssia = A touch of elegance : the art of couture clothing
Inventions of the studio, Renaissance to Romanticism
The artist in his studio
Studio visit : 18 artists' studios in Helsinki / [editor: Jenni Rope ; artist introductions: Anna-Kaisa Koski]
Explores how Piet Mondrian (1872-1944) developed his now iconic abstract paintings in dialogue with the spaces that surrounded him, from urban architecture to the interiors of his studios.
Äänen viisi kehää : Radioateljee esittää = Ljudets fem ringar : Radioateljén presenterar = Five rings of sound : Radio Atelier presents
Mazzano! : 20 vuotta aikaa taiteelle = 20 years of time for art
"My crenellated castle" : the history of Tarvaspää
Close encounters : the sculptor's studio in the age of the camera
Fill your soul! : paths of research into the art of Akseli Gallen-Kallela
