http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3863 economic theories
economic theories
Modern marketing of services : principles and techniques
Collected economic papers. Vol. 3.
History of economic theory
Evolutionary economics : a study of change in economic thought
Why popcorn costs so much at the movies : and other pricing puzzles
Capabilities equality : basic issues and problems
Principles of political economy and Chapters on socialism
Environmental pollution and the market
Further essays on economic theory
Index numbers and decomposition spaces
Risk and rationality : effects of contextual risk and cognitive dissonance on (sexual) incentives
Political economy and contemporary capitalism : radical perspectives on economic theory and policy
History of economic thought : a book of readings
Economics and liberalism : collected papers
Economics of sport
The works and correspondence of David Ricardo. Volume 4, Pamphlets and papers 1815-1828
Economic philosophy : economic foundations and political categories
Inconsistencies in Milton Friedman's methodology for economics
Production frontier methods in environmental performance measurement and analysis
Economics and insurance : an introduction to the economic aspects of insurance
Exercises in economic analysis
While there had been much radical thought before John Stuart Mill, Joseph Persky argues it was Mill, as he moved to the left, who provided the radical wing of liberalism with its first serious analytical foundation, a political economy of progress that still echoes today. A rereading of Mill's mature work suggests his theoretical understanding of accumulation led him to see laissez-faire capitalism as a transitional system. Deeply committed to the egalitarian precepts of the Enlightenment, Mill advocated gradualism and rejected revolutionary expropriation on utilitarian grounds: gradualism, not expropriation, promised meaningful long-term gains for the working classes. He endorsed laissez-faire capitalism because his theory of accumulation saw that system approaching a stationary state characterized by a great reduction in inequality and an expansion of cooperative production. These tendencies, in combination with an aggressive reform agenda made possible by the extension of the franchise, promised to provide a material base for social progress and individual development. The Political Economy of Progress goes on to claim that Mill's radical political economy anticipated more than a little of Marx's analysis of capitalism and laid a foundation for the work of Fabians and other gradualist radicals in the 20th century. More recently, modern philosophic radicals, such as Rawls, have deep links to this Millean political economy. These links are still worthy of development. In particular, a politically meaningful acceptance of Rawls's radical liberalism waits on a movement capable of re-engineering the workplace in a manner consistent with Mill's endorsement of worker management.
International economics
The ethics of liberty
"Unlike many economists, who present only one view of their discipline, Chang introduces a wide range of economic theories, from classical to Keynesian, revealing how each has its strengths and weaknesses, and why there is no one way to explain economic behavior. Instead, by ignoring the received wisdom and exposing the myriad forces that shape our financial world, Chang gives us the tools we need to understand our increasingly global and interconnected world often driven by economics. From the future of the Euro, inequality in China, or the condition of the American manufacturing industry here in the United States--Economics: The User's Guide is a concise and expertly crafted guide to economic fundamentals that offers a clear and accurate picture of the global economy and how and why it affects our daily lives" --
Aggregate economic analysis
Growth, distortions, and patterns of trade among many countries
The return to Keynes
Welfare economics and the theory of the state
Principles of macroeconomics
The affluent society
Allocation under uncertainty : equilibrium and optimality : proceedings from a workshop
Radical institutionalism : contemporary voices
The changing face of economics : conversations with cutting edge economists
The wealth of nations : the economics classic : a selected edition for the contemporary reader
The fourth revolution : the global race to reinvent the state
Agreement on demand : Consumer theory in the twentieth century
History of economic theory : scope, method, and content
Political economy : a beginners' course
Personnel economics : incentives and information in the workplace
Global macroeconomics : policy conflict and cooperation
Economics without equilibrium
The philosophy of Keynes's economics : probability, uncertainty and convention
A synthesis of the Keynesian and monetarist approaches to the short-run theory of the balance of payments
The economic ideas of ordinary people : from preferences to trade
Classics in economics : a course of selected reading by authorities
Epochs of economic theory
Choice of techniques : an aspect of the theory of planned economic development
The dynamics of cities : ecological determinism, dualism and chaos
Financial fragility and investment in the capitalist economy : the economic legacy of Hyman Minsky, volume II
A critique of welfare economics
Quadratic programming : algorithms, anomalies, applications
Misbehaving : the making of behavioral economics
The Handbook of Cliometrics is a milestone in the field of historical economics and econometric history through its emphasis on the concrete contribution of cliometrics to our knowledge in economics and history. The articles in the handbook authored by the leading scholars in the fields, stress the usefulness of cliometrics for economists, historians and social scientists in general. The Handbook offers a comprehensive coverage of topics with each article providing an overview of the contributions of cliometrics to a particular topic. The Handbook sets a new standard of quality in the field by offering a world-wide forum of discussion in cliometrics.
Rethinking economic behaviour : how the economy really works
Economics : the user's guide : a Pelican introduction
Economics : complex windows
The works and correspondence of David Ricardo. Volume 9, Letters : July 1821-1823
The economic theory of agricultural production
A concise history of Chinese economic thought
What's wrong with Keynesian economic theory?
The works and correspondence of David Ricardo. Volume 6, Letters 1810-1815
Monetary economics : policy and its theoretical basis
Collected economic papers. 3.
Dear undercover economist : priceless advice on money, work, sex, kids, and life's other challenges
On The Wealth of Nations
Social ethics and normative economics : essays in honour of Serge-Christophe Kolm
Essays on market dynamics and frictions
The German historical school and European economic thought
A history of economic doctrines : from the time of the physiocrats to the present day
An Austrian reconsideration of the Tiebout hyphotesis
The years of high theory : invention and tradition in economic thought 1926-1939
Now firmly established as one of the leading economics principles texts in the UK and Europe, this exciting new third edition of Economics by N. Gregory Mankiw (Harvard University) and Mark P. Taylor (Warwick University), has undergone some significant restructuring and reorganization to more directly match economics students' course structures and learning and assessment needs. There are new sections covering microeconomic and macroeconomic topics and concepts in more depth, whilst at the same time retaining the book's reputation for clarity, authority and real world relevance.
The evolution of creditary structures and controls
How markets fail : the logic of economic calamities : with a new afterword
Collected economic papers. 1
Innovations in macroeconomics
Absentee ownership : business enterprise in recent times : the case of America
Institutions in economics : the old and the new institutionalism
Capital theory and dynamics
Full employment regained? : an Agathotopian dream
Rough guide to economics
Four essays on implementation theory
Applying extreme value theory and tail risk measures to reduce portfolio losses
Macroeconomics and programming
The economic approach to politics : a critical reasessment of the theory of rational action
Origins of modern wage theories
Imperialism : theoretical directions
The crimes of the economy : a criminological analysis of economic thought
An introduction to mathematical analysis for economic theory and econometrics
Flat world, big gaps : economic liberalization, globalization, poverty and inequality
Economics of European Union law
Work and welfare in economic theory
Types of economic theory : from mercantilism to institutionalism
Karl Marx, Frederick Engels : collected works
Classics in economics : a course of selected reading by authorities : introductory reading guide
Amartya Sen's work and ideas : a gender perspective
Problems of coordination in economic activity
Adam Smith, radical and egalitarian : an interpretation for the twenty-first century
The complete works of Rosa Luxemburg. Volume II, Economic writings 2
In this handbook, Victor Ginsburgh and Shlomo Weber bring together methodological, theoretical, and empirical studies in the economics of language in a single framework of linguistic diversity that reflects the history and contemporary study of the topic. The impact of linguistic diversity on economic outcomes and public policies has been studied not only by economists and other social scientists in the contemporary era, but all the way back to the 19th century by geographer and naturalist, Alexander von Humboldt, who emphasized the importance of language in the framework of cultural experience. This interdependence of language and culture is reflected in the chapters in this handbook, which have been written by leading economists, linguists, and political scientists from universities in the United States, Australia, Russia, Israel, the United Kingdom, France, Spain, Belgium, Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, Finland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic. The contributions are divided into four parts. Part I examines linguistic concepts that forge common ground between economists, political scientists, sociologists, and linguists, and introduces the notion of linguistic proximity extensively utilized in various chapters of the volume. Part II assesses the impact of languages on market interactions, including international trade, patent protection, migration, and use of languages in ancient and modern business environments. Part III focuses on the link between linguistic policies and economic development, including the analysis of regional development in Asia, Africa, Europe and Russia. Part IV addresses issues of globalization, minority languages, and the protection of linguistic rights in multilingual societies.
Theories of welfare economics
Deregulation and economic theory : an overview of alternatives to direct regulation
An inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations
The political economy of progress : John Stuart Mill and modern radicalism
Unforeseeable discoveries and the Austrian rationale of rules
Capital as a social kind : definitions and transformations in the critique of political economy
World security and equity
Capital theory and the distribution of income
The street porter and the philosopher : conversations on analytical egalitarianism
Macroeconomic theory : a short course
Contemporary economic theory : radical critiques of neoliberalism
The post -Keynesian theory of endogenous money supply as a development of Keynes's monetary thought
The economic theory of organization and the firm
Financial sector reforms in Pakistan and a test for McKinnon and Shaw's transmission mechanism: 'Lessons from the last decade'
An introduction to derivatives and risk management
The evolution of economic thought
Value and capital : an inquiry into some fundamental principles of economic theory
Temporary equilibrium : selected readings
Harry Markowitz : selected works
Theories of financial disturbance : an examination of critical theories of finance from Adam Smith to the present day
Possibly the strangest phenomenon in all of economics is the absence of a long tradition of criticism focused on Keynesian economic theory. Keynesian demand management has been at the centre of some of the worst economic outcomes in history, from the great stagflation of the 1970s to the lost decade and more in Japan following the expenditure program of the 1990s. And once again, following the Global Financial Crisis, it is incontrovertible that no stimulus program in any part of the world has been a success, each one having been abandoned as conditions deteriorated under the weight of public.
Economic theory and ideology
The meaning of modern business : an introduction to the philosophy of large corporate enterprise
Economics of crime and enforcement
The long view and the short : studies in economic theory and policy
Monetary stability in Europe
Economics of evidence, procedure, and litigation
Methodology of regional development
On the problem of realism in economics
Unemployment as a disequilibrium phenomenon : a study on Austrian economics and theories of unemployment
Summary.
Comparative advantage and growth : trade and development in theory and practice
Collected economic papers. 3
Keynes and the classics
The Keynesian revolution
The wealth of nations in two volumes. Volume two
Economics : the user's guide
Heterodox macroeconomics : Keynes, Marx and globalization
Stability of international fisheries agreements using precautionary bioeconomic harvesting strategies
Investment : theories and analysis
The Stolper-Samuelson theorem under decreasing returns to scale
Optimal economic growth : shifting finite versus infinite time horizon
The two-sector model of general equilibrium
The stock-flow consistent approach : selected writings of Wynne Godley
Statistical size distributions in economics and actuarial sciences
Cash and credit
On the principles of political economy, and taxation
Business cycles : from John Law to the Internet crash
Masters of the universe : Hayek, Friedman, and the birth of neoliberal politics
Contract economics
The foundations of evolutionary economics : 1890-1973
Economic theory and operations analysis
The general theory of employment interest and money
Metastatics and macroeconomics
Selected readings in economic theory from Econometrica
In the calculation of economic aggregates it is often necessary to compute the value of these aggregates in some relevant subgroups as well as for the whole data. A method of calculation is said to be consistent in aggregation if it gives the same result regardless of whether it is applied directly to the whole data or to subaggregates calculated using the same method. The property has been well studied, yet a satisfactory general definition has been lacking. In this paper a definition of consistency in aggregation is given for a general class of aggregation rules. We show that any aggregation method satisfying this definition has a representation based on a commutative semigroup operation. Also, as an application we use algebraic methods to derive certain properties of index numbers satisfying consistency in aggregation. In particular, we show that any such index number formula is in fact a generalized weighted mean.
From material flows to cash flows : an extension to traditional material flow modelling
Three approaches to the economics of inter-municipal migration
Financial markets and the macroeconomy : a Keynesian perspective
Classical and neoclassical theories of general equilibrium : historical origins and mathematical structure
Economics for business : blending theory and practice
Expectations and the meaning of institutions : essays in economics
Fundamentals of economics for business
Complexity in economic theory : an automata theoretical approach
Capital : an abridged edition
Companion to contemporary economic thought
New developments in the economics of population ageing
A game theoretic simulation model for quality oriented timber supply to sawmills
The delusions of economics : the misguided certainties of a hazardous science
Rethinking politics for the knowledge society : anthropology and cultural studies, psychology and educational sciences & economic theories and practices
Understanding organizational wrongdoing
Consistency in aggregation, quasilinear means and index numbers
The collected works of A. K. Dasgupta. Vol. 2, Essays in economic theory
An introduction to positive economics
An inquiry into the principles of political oeconomy
Advances in economic theory
Index theory and price statistics
Developments in the economics of privatization and regulation
Perspectives in economic thought
How rich countries got rich ... and why poor countries stay poor
Handbook of Cliometrics
The general theory of employment, interest and money
Understanding growth and non-growth in entrepreneurial economies:analysis of startup industries and experimental winner generation in Finland, Israel and Silicon Valley
The life of Adam Smith
Essays on the measurement of economic growth
This explains everything : deep, beautiful and elegant theories of how the world works
A price index is often loosely defined as some sort of average or mean of price ratios. A basic property of a mean, such as the arithmetic or geometric, for example, is that a grand mean may always be calculated as a suitably weighted mean of submeans. An analogous property of index numbers is called consistency in aggregation in the relevant literature. In this article we use the fact that with weak regularity conditions consistency in aggregation implies that pricequantity index pairs may be viewed as quasilinear means. Using this we show that these index number pairs may be equated with convex combinations in a suitably constructed vector space. We may thus apply linear algebra to their study, which is a completely new approach to the subject. To illustrate the strength of our approach, we derive a equivalence theorem of quasilinear index number formulas and additive decompositions of value change. We argue that this result shows that consistency in aggregation may be interpreted as consistency between the treatment of ratios and di*erences. We also show that many wellknown index number axioms have linear algebraic interpretations and give conditions under which a decomposition space has a natural inner product structure.
Political economy and global capitalism : the 21st century, present and future
Economic laws and economic history
Bargaining for players : player trade in the National Hockey League
Commerce, culture, and liberty : readings on capitalism before Adam Smith
Economic models : methods, theory and applications
Foundations of the theory of general equilibrium
Management education in a historical perspective:the business school question and its solution in Finland
Consumption, rational expectations and liquidity : theory and evidence
Keynes, keynesians and monetarists
Criminal law and economics
The works and correspondence of David Ricardo. Volume 8, Letters 1819 - June 1821
The Palgrave handbook of economics and language / edited by Victor Ginsburgh and Shlomo Weber
Anti-equilibrium : on economic systems theory and the tasks of research
Introduction to general equilibrium theory and welfare economics
Individualism and economic order
Optimizing agents, exogenous shocks and adjustments in the economy : real and nominal fluctuations in economies with a wage rigidity
