http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3868 internationality
internationality
Thinking Globally, Acting Locally : Creating International Network for Team Entrepreneurs®
World-controllers : nationalism, internationalism and the invisible jewish state in the imagined conspiracy of the international jew
Challenges in identifying potential team leaders: case: Christian based non-profit organisations
A transnational training project : in techniques of mediation and negotiation, international control of violence, conflict and peaceful change roles, peace, conflict and development theory, for those preparing for professional responsabilities related to peace in governmental service, in private organisations, in teaching and research, in the communications media
Proceedings of the Crafticulation & Education Conference
Factors to Consider it the design of content and process modules of the HRM softwere system used in international recruitment and selection: Case company: Skillnet Oy
A multi-country study of value systems and their relationship to the degree of standardization feasible in international advertising
Introducing international social work
Promoting Intercultural Management for Working Life in the Baltic Sea Region : A Five-Year Project. Thoughts, Experiences and Impact
"Summer in Space 2014" : Digital business development course
The future of English? : a guide to forecasting the popularity of the English language in the 21st century
Contemporary labour migration : national and international perspectives
Internationalization and the invisible language? Historical phases and current policies in Finnish higher education
International Business Management : A Master`s Degree Revised
Teaching mobility between Lapland UAS and UAS Technikum Wien
International issue
Global democracy and exclusion
MARKET ENTRY STRATEGIES FOR A TRANSITION COUNTRY, KENYA: A CASE STUDY OF YIT OYJ
Foreign news in the media : international reporting in 29 countries : final report of the "foreign images" study undertaken for Unesco by the International Association for Mass Communication Research
Laurean kansainvälisen toiminnan ohjelma 2004-2008 = Programme for Laurea's international activities 2004-2008
Design, innovation, participation : proceedings and abstracts
International management : a cultural approach
International Club for International Students in Higher Education : Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences
English in internal company communication : the employees' views, attitudes and competences
Interpersonal communication competence and collaborative interaction in SME internationalization
Global power knowledge
Strategic Recruitment, Selection and Integration of International Labour force : A case study of Company X
Beyond Leadership by PowerPoint
Cultural agility : building a pipeline of successful global professionals
Presentation skills in an intercultural setting
International banking : innovations and new policies
International joint venturing : understanding entry to Chinese market area through cultural dimension analysis and network theory
In recent years, many Finnish universities of applied sciences (UAS) have engaged in systematic development of their educational expertise and services by adapting them for global education markets. The export of education has been acknowledged as its own sphere of operations, which is not only reliant on top-quality education but also requires new skills and competences, as well as novel mindsets, from the actors in higher education institutions. This publication, initiated by the international committee of the Rector's Conference of Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (Arene), gathers UASs' experiences of education export so far, while also providing ideas regarding future aims and expectations for operations in the field. The articles in this publication have been drawn up by 52 education experts representing 13 Finnish UASs, as well as their important interest groups and cooperation partners. These articles not only provide thorough descriptions of the organisation of education export activities within the UASs' structures, they also describe the implementation and delivery of cooperation activities, solutions and services to customers around the world. Moreover, the texts indicate the various areas within which Finnish UASs have been able to productise and sell their education.
An international customer service guide for startup-companies
Labor and internationalism
Trade between Finland and France: challenges in cross-cultural communication
MARKETING THE INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMMES OF KYMENLAAKSO UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCES IN THE TWIN CITIES OF KOUVOLA
Summers under the tamarind tree : recipes & memories from Pakistan
The world health report 1998 : life in the 21st century, a vision for all
Managing multicultural personnell in Sunborn Marine Malaysia : developing guidelines and principles for uniting and harmonizing multicultural personnel
Global culture : nationalism, globalization and modernity : a theory, culture & society special issue
Developing Music Management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management
How to improve the expat cycle to decreasa the number of expatriate failures in case Company X
American labor and European politics : the AFL as a transnational force
Cross border teambuilding in an international project management environment
International hospitality management : concepts and cases
Meeting point for businesses and emerging creative talents - Creative Steps as a networking platform
The New Order: Improving the Internationality in the International Business Degree Programme. Case Savonia University of Applied Sciences
Sport goes global what next?
With Brains, Hands and Heart : 20 Years of Physiotherapy Education in English in SAMK
The Rochdale principles and the international co-operative alliance
Effect of the Japanese management model changes to its Nordic subsidiaries
Developing personnel’s internationalization competences through staff mobility : Case Hyria
Global sourcing project management : Study of local implementation processes
Innovative entrepreneurship education in the Nordic-Russian context : project report
INternational and OUTstanding : a short book about international affairs at Humak University of Applied Sciences in degree programme in civic activities and youth work
Training professionals for the global marketplace : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
The response of discourse ethics  to the moral challenge of the human situation as such and especially today  (Mercier lectures, Louvain-la-Neuve, March 1999
Instruction booklet for inpatriates moving to Finland: case: Company: UPM-Kymmene
Global audiences : research for worldwide broadcasting 1993
The purpose of the thesis was to harmonize and unite multicultural personnel. The case company for this thesis is Sunborn Marine Malaysia. The two-year old Malaysian- Finnish company wished to find different ways to connect the multicultural personnel.  The thesis was written in autumn 2009. The starting point was to describe the research problem. The following part is the frame of reference, where the most relevant concepts are defined. The frame of reference explores protoundly into culture, national culture, organizational culture, characteristics of Finnish and Malaysian culture, expatriates, motivation and engagement, team building, values and SWOT-analysis. Besides Hofstede`s cultural dimensions and other relevant theories. he thesis is a qualitative case research and the third chapter involves the empirical research. It describes the nature of the qualitative research in detail and brings forth the used methods, samplings and target groups, as well as the interview questions. The used qualitative research methods are in-depth interviews, observing and group interviews. The next chapter reveals the results of the group interviews, observations and above all the individual in-depth interviews results. The fifth chapter consists of the interpretation. This chapter connects the third and fourth chapters together. It demonstrates the interview re-sults with the theory. The interview results highlight that the personnel of the case company is already on the multinatinal stage. Although many of the interviewees mentioned that there could be some changes. The lack of language and communication are the biggest weaknesses in the case company. However, the employees are truly open for the changes. The sixth chapter discusses developing guidelines and principles for the company. It replies to the research questions while including guidelines for Sunborn Marine Malaysia on how to harmonize and unify the multinational personnel. The advice are quite simple but easy to reach.
Pre-departure training : Finnish expatriates assigned to China
Some problems of the revolutionary movement
Understanding international sign : a sociolinguistic study
Multinationality and performance : the role of cultural dissimilarity
A textbook of core economics
On proletarian internationalism
International Graduates Journey to Finnish Job Market : The Challenges International Graduates Face In Finnish Job Market
The influence of communication on perceived barriers to environmental action
International management : text and cases
Poles apart - poles on-line : proceedings of the 19th Polar Libraries Colloquy, 17-21 June 2002, Copenhagen
ICT Tools and Group Dynamics : ICT Tools Enhancing the Communication in Intercultural Project Teams Alternatively Working in a Collocated and Virtual Context at the Forming and Storming Stages
On the cusp of postwar modernization : Americanization, international culture, and gender roles in Finnish commercials, 1955-1975
Anthology on co-operative experiences in the European schools
"International Teaching and Learning at Universities investigates both the positive and the more problematic aspects of the internationalization of education. The flow of students to universities is no longer unidirectional from East to West but truly global with a diminishing difference between the two major educational centers. Slethaug and Vinther explain how liberal education, the movement of students across the globe, autonomy for students and teachers, and internationalization of education influence each other in constructing a new educational reality. These elements are vital to the continued development of learning, economic growth, and the democratic process of our societies in the East and West"--
Institution-based view of entrepreneurial internationalization
International radio broadcasting : the limits of the limitless medium
Textbook on international law
Tampere - All Bright! Ambassador network - an international place branding tool
Cultural Chameleons and Teamwork Terminators − Promoting Intercultural Management in the Baltic Sea Region PIM 2009 as Intercultural Teamwork
Studying in an international degree programme : from expectations to reality
Marketing of international degree programmes of Jyväskylä polytechnic
Information, libraries, democracy: proceedings and abstracts
Internationalization : A Resource for Successful Regional Development : Laurea University of Applied Sciences International Students’ role in the Triple Helix of University, Industry, and Government
World messenger of youth
Nationalism and internationalism : the culmination of modern history
Finnish communism visited
How HAMK could integrate its international students
Representations of cultural encounters in the global business press : the importance of cross-cultural competence
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
Global wine market in the hands of the millennials : how France lost its predominance
Ideas about SAMP : options and ideas of museum directors and others, the Swedish-African Museum Programme SAMP, a project conducted by the Swedish National Committee of ICOM = Avis sur SAMP : les directeurs de musees et autres reflechissent autour du programme SAMP, le programme de musees afro-suedois, realise par le comite national suedois de l̕ ICOM
Marimekko : gender and nation through text and image - an international perspective
In Understanding International Sign, Lori A. Whynot examines International Sign (IS) to determine the extent to which signers from different countries comprehend it. She focuses exclusively on expository lecture IS used in conference settings and presents the first empirical research on its effectiveness for communicating rich information to diverse audience members. International Sign is regarded as a lingua franca that is employed by deaf people to communicate with other deaf people who do not share the same conventionalized local sign language. Contrary to widely-held belief, sign languages are not composed of a unified system of universal gestures—rather, they are distinctly different, and most are mutually unintelligible from one another. The phenomenon of IS has emerged through increased global interaction during recent decades, driven by a rise in the number of international conferences and events and by new technologies that allow for enhanced global communication. IS is gaining acceptance for providing communicative access to conference audience members who do not have knowledge of the designated conference languages, and it is being recruited for use due to the prohibitive expense of providing interpreting services in numerous different sign languages. However, it is not known how well audience members understand IS, and it may actually limit equal access to the interpreted information. Whynot compares IS to native sign languages and analyzes the distribution of linguistic elements in the IS lexicon and their combined effect on comprehension. Her findings indicate that audiences with diverse sign languages understand much less of IS presentations than has been previously assumed. Whynot’s research has crucial implications for expository IS usage, training, and interpreting, and it sheds light on the strengths and weaknesses inherent in cross-linguistic, signed contact settings.
The museum is open : towards a transnational history of museums 1750-1940
Role of trust in cross-cultural adaptation : the perspective of international degree students at a Finnish university
I want to be a good project manager : Requirements to be a project manager in the context of multinational IT projects
International labour market for seamen 1600-1900 : Norway and Norwegian participation
Lost in translation?
International sign : linguistic, usage, and status issues
Abstract: Developing Music Management in European collaboration. Cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management.
Berries in the world : introduction to the international markets of berries
Culture, learning and the disciplines : theory and practice in cross-cultural orientation
International Sign (IS) is widely used among deaf people and interpreters at international events, but what exactly is it, what are its linguistic features, where does its lexicon come from, and how is it used at interpreted events? This groundbreaking collection is the first volume to provide answers to these questions. Editors Rachel Rosenstock and Jemina Napier have assembled an international group of renowned linguists and interpreters to examine various aspects of International Sign. Their contributions are divided into three parts: International Sign as a Linguistic System; International Sign in Action-Interpreting, Translation, and Teaching; and International Sign Policy and Language Planning. The chapters cover a range of topics, including the morphosyntactic and discursive structures of interpreted IS, the interplay between conventional linguistic elements and nonconventional gestural elements in IS discourse, how deaf signers who use different signed languages establish communication, Deaf/hearing IS interpreting teams and how they sign depicting verbs, how best to teach foundation-level IS skills, strategies used by IS interpreters when interpreting from IS into English, and explorations of the best ways to prepare interpreters for international events. The work of the editors and contributors in this volume makes International Sign the most comprehensive, research-based analysis of a young but growing field in linguistics and interpretation.
Designing an international supply chain
Galway, Ireland, 12.-13.5.2010.
Matkalla monikulttuuriseen hoitotyöhön : koulutusohjelman ristiinarviointiraportti = Towards multicultural nursing = cross-evaluation report of a degree programme
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
Export of education by Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : reflections on best practices
Planning business-to-business marketing communications : case UPM Ultra
Machines électriques tournantes = Rotating electrical machines. Partie 6 = Part 6, Modes de refroidissement (Code IC) = Methods of cooling (IC Code)
Procurement Domestically and Internationally : The Case of Companies A and B
Sports and identity : case study Czech Republic and ice hockey
Evaluation of the university sport services for international students : a case study from the university of Jyväskylä
Alumni Activities : International Alumni Network for TUAS
The effects of globalization on culture : a study of the experiences of globalization among Finnish travellers
Practising social work ethics around the world : cases and commentaries
Designing web usability : [the practice of simplicity]
Development and facilitation of innovative pedagogy in the Nordic–Russian context : Project report
Updating International Strategy in a Municipality : case: the City of Lahti
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development : training development guidelines (TDG)
Form and vision : Articles and writings from the international UIAH'87 Conference at the University of Industrial Arts in Hielsinki 6.-9.1987
International business competencies considered important by Fortune's global 500 firms
Assessment of an International Leader-Project Between Three Local Action Groups From Germany and Finland
WFDY News
Interprofessional and international learning experiences in social and health care higher education in Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Internationalization process of family firms : reasons, networks and obstacles
Making practical training a success : case: international practical training process at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Installations électriques des bâtiments = Electrical installations of buildings : CEI 364-7-706 = IEC 364-7-706.. Partie 7 = Part 7, Régles pour les installations et emplacements spéciaux = Requirements for special installations or locations : Section 706: Enceintes conductrices exiguës = Section 706: Restrictive conducting locations
An International Customer Service Guide For Startup-Companies
Global resource sharing
Machines électriques tournantes = Rotating electrical machines. Partie 1 = Part 1, Caractéristiques assignées et caractéristiques de fonctionnement = Rating and performance
Guidelines for entrepreneurship training in rural areas
Machines électriques tournantes = Rotating electrical machines. Partie 8 = Part 8, Marques d'extrémité et sens de rotation = Terminal markings and direction of rotation
Machines électriques tournantes = Rotating electrical machines. Partie 5 = Part 5, Degrés de protection procurés par la conception intégrale des machines électriques tournantes (code IP) - Classification = Degrees of protection provided by the integral design of rotating electrical machines (IP code) - Classification
A Church of Encounter : guidelines for international and ecumenical work, including interfaith encounter, until 2020.
8th Helen Keller world conference and the World federation of the deafblind 2nd general assembly : 3-7 June 2005, Tampere, Finland
Knowledge management in multicultural SME companies : case: Ziliot International Ltd
International business etiquette : what you need to know to conduct business abroad with charm and savvy. Asia & the Pacific Rim
Exotic food
Quality Assurance of International Work Placements in Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences Business Department
Creating Framework for Collaboration and Knowledge Management in a Transnational Corporation
UN chronicle : Helsinki
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
Hidden from herstory : women, feminism and the new global solidarity
International Procurement in Pet Product Business
My world - is a ball = Min värld - är en boll = Minun maailmani - on pallo
Import/export : international flow of television fiction
Stress and international entrepreneurship : the dark side of international entrepreneurship
Speaking globally : how to make effective presentations across international and cultural boundaries
Effective multicultural teams : theory and practice
International virtual teamwork offers new opportunities for the professional development of teachers. In this paper, we examine the initial experiences in an ongoing international virtual benchmarking project coordinated by the Finnish Online University of Applied Sciences. What challenges does an international context present for project construction and collaboration? Data from five countries, in the form of participant reflections and researchers' observations, were analysed according to four types of barriers: language, time, technical and mental barriers. Initial data indicates that trust is an essential starting point, as there is neither time nor possibilities to build mutual trust by traditional means. Organisational confidentiality issues, however, can complicate the situation. The project introduces 'collision' as a method of professional development, in which not only physical and organisational borders are crossed, but also mental barriers, as skills and competencies needed in global learning environments are acquired.
The Socialist International : Nikolai Sibilev
Systematic training approach : case study: training design of Raflatac inquiry and complaint system
OPTIMISING THE WEB-PAGES CONCERNING THE INCOMING EXCHANGE STUDENTS TO KYMENLAAKSO UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCES
Exchanging expertise, theory and practice at Master's level healthcare education between Russia and Finland : experiences from an intensive course in St. Petersburg
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
Constructing the international entrepreneurial identity : a study of international entrepreneurship sense-making narratives
International teaching and learning at universities : achieving equilibrium with local culture and pedagogy
INternational and OUTstanding : A Short Book about International Affairs at Humak University of Applied Sciences in Degree Programme in Civic Activities and Youth Work
Empathy and intercultural understanding in the context of international long-term volunteers
Abstract: Training professionals for the global marketplace. Cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business.
A Marketing Strategy for International Summer School
New challenges for European human resource management
Abstract: Cross-evaluation Reports of the Degree Programmes in Automation  Technology, Software Engineering, and Information Technology.
Nissan Nordic Europe  ́s business relationships with their Baltic dealers
Global opportunities and challenges for higher education leaders : briefs on key themes
Installations électriques des bâtiments = Electrical installations of buildings : CEI 60364-4-42 = IEC 60364-4-42. Partie 4-42 = Part 4-42, Protection pour assurer la sécurité - Protection contre les effets thermiques = Protection for safety - Protection against thermal effects
Factors affecting decrease in International Student: case : University X, Brisbane International Campus
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
Maps of meaning : an introduction to cultural geography
International Meeting 2009 : Ideal platform for networking and project planning.
Three papers on mass media and integration at international and national level : A joint project with section for long-range planning, the Finnish broadcasting company
Language behavior in International organizations: report of the Second Annual Conference of the Center for Research and Documentation on World Language Problems, New York, December 15, 1983
Principles and practices in the teaching of the social sciences : concepts and values. 2.
Year-book 1971
Factors affecting the choise of a celebrity endorser in international advertising
The challenge of culture in student exchange : case H.O.T.E.L. Atlantis, first cohort
Multinationals in a new era : international strategy and management
Fifty ways to improve your intercultural skills
No zoo : ethnic civility and its cultural regulation among the staff of a Finnish high-tech company
The thesis is provided to help small startup-companies to learn basic factors of international customer service. It does not have any specific commissioner but a company of any field of business is welcome to take advantage of it. The objective of the thesis was to make an international customer service guide with the most general perspective as possible and to include the most important matters according to international customer service into the same guide. Source materials are used as references and these materials were the basis of the research. Books (i.e. Järvinen, R; Rosti, P; Ylikoski, T; 2002. Hyvä asiakaspalvelu-menestystekijä finanssialalla) and articles (e.g. Business and industry portal; Service and selling strategies at the time of sale) had a major role in the results of a research of this kind. The main findings of the thesis are that a functional customer service is a necessary part of any kind of business, qualitative customer service requires expertise and that cultural factors have an impact on international customer service. This thesis can be continued by another author in the future. The next step for it would be to consider a specific culture and a startup-company and to find solutions for the company’s main problems according to international customer service.^
Multicultural TeKu : the international learning environment at Savonia
Ethics is an increasingly important theme in social work practice. Worldwide, social workers experience common ethical challenges (how to be fair, whether to break a rule, how to act in politically tense situations) in very different contexts -- from disaster relief in China to child protection work in Palestine. This book takes as its starting point real life cases featuring ethical problems in the areas of: negotiating roles and boundaries, respecting rights, being fair, challenging and developing organisations and working with policy and politics. Each case opens with a brief introduction, is followed by two commentaries and ends with questions for reflection. The commentaries, written by authors from different countries, refer to relevant theories, concepts, practical matters, alternative courses of action and their implications. Features within the book include: An introductory chapter covering issues of global ethics Cases and commentaries drawn from across the world -- from Peru to Finland Cases based on real life situations and chapter introductions from leading authorities in social work and ethical theory Questions and practical exercises to aid teaching and professional development This book is a unique and accessible resource for stimulating ethical reflection, expanding ethical horizons and developing ethical and intercultural sensitivity. It is designed for use by undergraduate and postgraduate students and professionals in the fields of social work, social education/pedagogy, social care work, international social work, community development, community organisation, youth work and related fields.
Hammer Snowboards' market entry to Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania
International R&D at Oulu University of Applied Sciences : practices from Raahe
Reflections on creating an international virtual benchmarking model for authentic e-learning : crossing boundaries and breaking down barriers
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Creating a foundation for international alumni networks in the finnish universities  of applied sciences : case: JAMK University of Applied Sciences
A concept of international English and related issues : from "real English" to "realistic English"?
The journal Human technology : an ongoing resource for human-technology research
Brand identity in Finnish Higher Education Institutions
Welcome to practise in gastroenterogical wards : An Orientation Guide for Exchange Nursing Students
Finnish professionals with limited English proficiency : a study of language attitudes and language use
Training professionals for the global marketplace: cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
A Guide to teaching international students
International marketing strategy of three chinese companies
