http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3867 globalisation
globalisation
Small-scale farmers in liberalised trade environment : proceedings of the seminar on October 2004 in Haikko Finland
Governing modern societies
A Place of Globalization : Cross-cultural Cooperation Between Estonian and Norwegian Business People in Tallinn
Globalization and forest industry : case study: Voikkaa
Global ethics : an introduction
Cultivating the human capital of the Central Baltic Sea region : policy recommendation : expat-project
Children, place and indentity : nation and locality in middle childhood
Globalisation, lifelong learning and the learning society : sociological perspectives
Cosmopolis : democratising global economy and culture : 2-4 June 2000, Helsinki
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
Is globalization reducing distances between countries? Some empirical evidence from foreign software firms operating in Japan
Information services today : an introduction
Football labor emigrations within globalization and the sample of Turkey
The anthropology of globalization : cultural anthropology enters the 21st century
Globalization of business in a small country : implications for corporate governance and national systems of innovation
Storytelling globalization from the Chaco and beyond
The handbook of language and globalization
Since the 1970s, various sociological approaches have tried to understand and conceptualize "the global," yet few of them have systematically addressed the full spectrum of social relationships. Prominent exponents of the global approach - such as world systems analysis - instead have focused on particular domains such as politics or the economy. Under the label of "world society," however, some authors have suggested alternatives to the predominant equivocation of society and the nation-state. The contributions to this volume share that objective and take their point of departure from the two most ambitious projects of a theory of world society: world polity research and systems theory, mapping out the common ground and assessing their potential to inform empirical analyses of globalization.
English in Finland : a case study of globalization's impact on higher education
Business Process Outsourcing (BPO), Case Siltanen oy
World Social Forum : what should it be when it grows up?
Global account management : the art of managing international key accounts
Toward a global ethos : necessity - problems - concrete steps
Introducing international social work
Independence and involvement : an actor-perspective on building intercultural local societies in a globalised, postmodern world
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Territory, authority, rights : from medieval to global assemblages
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
Transnational Africa and globalization
From the Maoist to the Post Deng China, a process of economic liberalization and opening toward the rest of the world : implications for transnational companies
Sweden in the eighteenth-century world : provincial cosmopolitans
The making of information systems : software engineering and management in a globalized world
An everyday geography of the global south
Labor migration in the border region is one of the important processes of interaction of neighboring countries. This process intensifies in a globalizing world economy. The article presents a study of international labor migration from the Republic of Karelia, Russia. The article presents the Karelia's labor migration and make an analysis of how well they'correspond to the world trends of labor migration; highlights of the institutional conditions for migration of population in Karelia; the method of research and the results of the study; proposals for authorities in regulation of migration flows at regional level in a globalizing world economy..
After a description of the new forms of globalization currently shaping our world, and of their possible spatial effects, the book highlights which European regions have in the past succeeded in taking advantage of globalization trends and identifies the major reasons for their success. The book also offers a prospective analysis utilizing scenarios based on different assumptions of how globalization trends will develop, identifying the regional winners and losers for each scenario. The analysis greatly benefits from a unique database which contains, among others, data on FDI by sector and professions at the regional Nuts-2 level for all 27 EU countries. A time-span of more than 10 years is covered, and scenarios are developed for the future development up to 2020.
Globalization : critical concepts in sociology. Vol. 2, The nation-state and international relations
Business ethics in global economy
Globalisms : the great ideological struggle of the twenty-first century
The influence of pay-to-view television on professional cricket : professional cricket player perceptions
Health systems in an era of globalization : challenges and oppurtunities for North America : a conference summary = Los sistemas de salud ante la globalización : retos y oportunidades para América del Norte : síntesis de un seminario
Living lightly : travels in post-consumer society
Geographies of development : an introduction to development studies
International business-society management : linking corporate responsibility and globalization
Comparative and international research in education : globalisation, context and difference
World trade grew for decades considerably faster than global GDP. In recent years, the growth of international trade has slowed to the level of the GDP growth rate. Is the most hectic phase of globalisation already history? It would seem that, in the latter part of the first post-millennium decade, it was for the most part permanent structural factors that took centre stage, while transitory cyclical factors played only a minor role. Forecasts suggest world trade growth relative to global GDP is not likely to gain significant momentum in the immediate years ahead..
Religions / globalizations : theories and cases
Globalization and regional growth in Europe
Globalization and its outcomes
Capitalist globalisation, corporated tourism and their alternatives
International business : the new realities
Unholy trinity : the IMF, World Bank, and WTO
Global tourism
Gender perspectives and gender impacts of the global economic crisis
Alternatives to economic globalization : a better world is possible : a report of the international forum on globalization
Seeking conviviality : re-forming community diakonia in Europe
Multinationals in a new era : international strategy and management
Globalization and openness : lessons from the recent crisis in Southeast Asia
Connected sociologies
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
Electronic empires : global media and local resistance
The creative industries : culture and policy
Critical reflections on career education and guidance : promoting social justice within a global economy
An inch of ashes
Poor story : an insider uncovers how globalisation and good intentions have failed the world's poor
The role of top-level sport in Finland : a governmental perspective of the present status and future trends
Cities and globalisation : exploring new connections
For a culture of life : transforming globalization and violence
The globalization reader
Globalizing resistance against war? : a critical analysis of the theoretical debate through a case study of the "new" anti-war movement in Britain
Becoming an international man : top manager masculinities in the making of a multinational corporation
COOPERATION BETWEEN ORGANIZATIONS AND THEIR SERVICES
Global marketing : a decision-oriented approach
Globalization of technology : international perspectives : proceedings of the sixth Convocation of the Council of Academies of Engrineering and Technological Sciences
Religion and globalization : critical concepts in social studies. Vol. 3, Religious responses to globalization
Development of the Tertiary Sector : A Comparative Analysis Between BRIC Countries and Select Developed Economies
Immigration and integration : the global challenge
How can a European SME internationalize a food product in Singapore : case study MONBANA Singapore
Helsinki Process Magazine : On Globalisation and Democracy
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Introduction to global business : understanding the international environment and global business functions
Geographies of Development: an Introduction to Development Studies remains a core, balanced and comprehensive introductory textbook for students of Development Studies, Development Geography and related fields. This clear and concise text encourages critical engagement by integrating theory alongside practice and related key topics throughout. It demonstrates informatively that ideas concerning development have been many and varied and highly contested - varying from time to time and from place to place. With a new colour layout and in-chapter features such as Key Ideas, Boxed Case Studies and Summaries, students will find this an easy-to-use text which will focus them on the most important information in this area of study.
From regional transition to global change : dualism in the Arctic : an introduction to the Arctic yearbook 2013
The challenge of democracy : to achieve a global plus-sum game
A brief history of globalization : the untold story of our incredible shrinking planet
"Ja mikäs pakana toi innovaatio o" : the role of English in the Finnish countryside, as seen by three generations
Dimensions of globalization
Robinson Crusoe tries again : missiology and European constructions of "Self" and "Other" in a global world 1789 - 2010 : selected essays
The nature and problems of economic globalization
On heuristic hybrid methods and structured point sets in global continuous optimization
International business : Adjusting to new challenges and opportunities
Eighteenth-century Sweden was deeply involved in the process of globalisation: ships leaving Sweden's central ports exported bar iron that would drive the Industrial Revolution, whilst arriving ships would bring not only exotic goods and commodities to Swedish consumers, but also new ideas and cultural practices with them. At the same time, Sweden was an agricultural country to a large extent governed by self-subsistence, and - for most - wealth was created within this structure. This volume brings together a group of scholars from a range of disciplinary backgrounds who seek to present a more nuanced and elaborated picture of the Swedish cosmopolitan eighteenth century. Together they paint a picture of Sweden that is more like the one eighteenth-century intellectuals imagined, and help to situate Sweden in histories of cosmopolitanism of the wider world.
Asia, Europe and the challenges of globalisation : first ASEF summer school, 12-24 July 1998
The global education reform movement and the OECD's programme for international student assessment (PISA) : a secondary analysis of PISA data
The challenges of Iranian small and medium-sized enterprises through process of internationalization
Evaluating adaptation and the production development of Finnish agriculture in climate and global change
The French challenge : adapting to globalization
Abstract: Global account management : the art of managing international key accounts. This bachelor thesis aims at analyzing Global Account Management as an instrument for handling global business-to-business relationships between supplier and buyer. The challenges and critical success factors within Global Account Management should underline the complexity of global deals between global corporations. A deeper inside into the organizational structures identifies the background of the obstacles for Global Account Managers. The most relevant barriers in Global Account Management are examined and their influence on the relationship between global supplier and global buyer are discussed. The findings should provide help in understanding the global mechanisms and emphasize the need for customization towards individual customer requests in Global Account Management.
Bad samaritans : the guilty secrets of rich nations and the threat to global prosperity
Making sense of globalization : a guide to the economic issues
Global media discourse : a critical introduction
Globalization and time
With the full effects of the Great Recession still unfolding, this collection of essays analyses the gendered economic impacts of the crisis. The volume, from an international set of contributors, argues that gender-differentiated economic roles and responsibilities within households and markets can potentially influence the ways in which men and women are affected in times of economic crisis.Looking at the economy through a gender lens, the contributors investigate the antecedents and consequences of the ongoing crisis as well as the recovery policies adopted in selected countries. There are case studies devoted to Latin America, transition economies, China, India, South Africa, Turkey, and the USA. Topics examined include unemployment, the job-creation potential of fiscal expansion, the behavioural response of individuals whose households have experienced loss of income, social protection initiatives, food security and the environment, shedding of jobs in export-led sectors, and lessons learned thus far. From these timely contributions, students, scholars, and policymakers are certain to better understand the theoretical and empirical linkages between gender equality and macroeconomic policy in times of crisis.
Strategic processes and turning points in ICT business : case Nokia
Globalization : the greatest hits : a global studies reader
The sociolinguistics of globalization
The global politics of globalization : "empire" vs "cosmopolis"
Handbook of Research on Entrepreneurship and Regional Development
European culture and the media : changing media, changing Europe
Nuclear energy : global trends and perspectives in South-East Europe. Regional conference, 10-12 May, 2011, Podgorica, Montenegro
Religion and international law
Local musical traditions in the globalization process
Now in a fully revised and updated edition, this concise and insightful book explores the ways American popular products such as movies, music, television programs, fast food, sports, and even clothing styles have molded and continue to influence modern globalization. Lane Crothers offers a thoughtful examination of both the appeal of American products worldwide and the fear and rejection they induce in many people and nations around the world. The author defines what we mean by "popular culture," how popular culture is distinguished from the generic concept of "culture," and what constitutes "American" popular culture. Tracing how U.S. movies, music, and TV became dominant in world popular culture, Crothers also considers the ways in which non-visual products like fast-food franchises, sports, and fashion have become ubiquitous. He also presents a fascinating set of case studies that highlight the varied roles American products play in a range of different nations and communities. Concluding with a projection of the future impact of American popular culture, this book makes a powerful argument for its central role in shaping global politics and economic development.
Cultural Integration of Cross-Border M&A Activities in the Chinese Auto Industry : Case Study: the Acquisition of Geely and Volvo
5th European Conference of ministers responsible for the cultural heritage : Resolutions and declaration = 5e Conference Europeenne des ministres responsables du patrimoine culturel. Resolutions et declaration
Immigrant entrepreneurs : venturing abroad in the age of globalization
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
Globalization, social movements, and the construction of Europe : the example of the European parliament elections in France
Globalization with a human face
The rules of globalization : case book
A hologram for the king : a novel
This article aims to discuss one of the phenomena of globalization: the impact of migration on sports, using football players in Turkey as an example. By presenting examples from both national and international sports teams, the growing number of migrant football players and their role in the capitalist economy is examined as it pertains to sport, as well as how they are treated within that system, economically and legally. The emigration of football players requires a social, economic, political and cultural evaluation. The article is focused on the rights and freedom, civilly and labor-wise, of emigrant football players who are brought to or come to Turkey..
Globalization : critical concepts in sociology. Vol. 5, Religion, nature and the built environment
strategic plan for Haier's global brand building
Comment on Professor Ronald F. Abler's speech.
The quality of social existence in a globalizing world
Globalisation in the forest industry has its own particular characteristics which are due to a high degree of capital intensity and limits in raw material supply. Investments in new capacities are expensive and the rate of forest regeneration is slow in the traditional resource areas in the conifer dominated forests of the global North. The supply problem has lead forest companies to establish tree plantations and pulp mills in the temperate and tropical zones. This has largely modified global forest-industrial relations. I examine here how and why the establishment of the Fray Bentos pulp mill in Uruguay by a Finnish company, Metsä-Botnia, turned into an international conflict. I also show how the political reactions to the mill planning in fact relied on and further developed the international mechanisms of forest-industrial regulation. The partners of the mill project were forced to prove that the fears expressed by critical parties would not come true. The article ends with some suggestions to improve social sensitivity of forest-industrial projects by studying more systematically the dependencies between the forest industry and the environing society.
The implications of culture in business and the Cultural dimensions of Finland and India : A study of cultural Dimensions
The globalising economy : new risks - new challenges - new alliances
The challenge of global education
Religion and humane global governance
Political asymmetries in the era of globalization : the asymmetric security and defense relations from world wide view
Lessons from Fray Bentos: forest industry, overseas investments and discursive regulation
The world : a beginner's guide
Culture, branding and national identity in the era of globalization : a study of beer brands in the Finnish market
Regulating the global information society
Challenges in business communication : the essence of corporate English communications practices in Finnish firms
Global democracy and exclusion
Religion and globalization : critical concepts in social studies. Vol. 1, Religion and space in global context
New challenges and global problems in the Arctic
Global political parties : toward a research programme
Around the globe, career education and guidance is being presented as the answer to social exclusion, ensuring economic competitiveness and prosperity. The profile of career education and guidance has never been higher. Yet, current policy discussions have centred on individuals' development of 'self managed' careers within a global labour market, placing employability skills above all concerns. This book goes beyond the rhetoric of the 'self managed' career and 'employability skills' by exploring career education and guidance from critical and radical standpoints. The contributors question the economic underpinning that has driven social agendas, arguing that career education and guidance needs to place greater emphasis on developing socially just practices. The views expressed help to open up the debate around the impact of globalisation as consideration is given to the ways in which career professionals might actively enable, empower and promote the democratic engagement of all in the shaping of their worlds. The contributors consider the issues within a range of contexts including 'race', gender, disability and social class. "Critical Reflections on Career Education and Guidance" is essential reading for students, academics, practitioners and researchers who wish to achieve a greater understanding of the contexts involved.
Global technology and corporate crisis : strategies, planning and communication in the information age
The beautiful game is over : the globalisation of football
Sport labor migration, globalization and dual-career : case study of international student-athletes in University of Colorado at Boulder
Agricultural product prices and policies influence the development of crop yields under climate change through farm level management decisions. On this basis, five main scenarios were specified for agricultural commodity prices and crop yields. An economic agricultural sector model was used in order to assess the impacts of the scenarios on production, land use and farm income in Finland. The results suggest that falling crop yields, if realized due to low prices and restrictive policies, will result in decreasing crop and livestock production and increasing nutrient surplus. Slowly increasing crop yields could stabilise production and increase farm income. Significantly higher crop prices and yields are required, however, for any marked increase in production in Finland. Cereals production would increase relatively more than livestock production, if there were high prices for agricultural products. This is explained by abundant land resources, a high opportunity cost of labour and policies maintaining current dairy and beef production.
Meets the challenges that globalization poses to sociolinguistic theory by investigating key issues relating to language use and development. This title brings together research in the field and maps out different areas for future research.
The global future : a brief introduction to world politics
Communication power
The Importance of Positioning and Networking in the Globalization Process of a Small-Sized Brand - Case: SabrinaTach
Impact of globalization of the world economy on the transboundary labor migration in the Russian border region Karelia
Globalization and Europe
Globalisation and the Asia-Pacific : contested territories
Globalization and catching-up in emerging market economies
Globalization and the international drug problem in Central Asia and Pakistan = Globalizaciâ i problemy rasprostraneniâ narkotikov v Central'noj Azii i Pakistane
The effects of the English language on the cultural identity of Chinese university students
Undestanding TED as Alternative Media
Now in its fourth edition, Comparative Education: The Dialectic of the Global and the Local remains the same groundbreaking book when it first debuted its collection of outstanding scholars in examining the changing transnational landscape of education. With the addition of new coeditor Stephen Franz, the book provides new perspectives on the dynamic interplay of global, national, and local forces as they shape the functions and outcomes of education systems. The book calls for a rethinking of the nation-state as the basic unit for analyzing school-society relations and emphasizes the need to study social movements in relation to educational reforms. It also emphasizes the value of feminist, postcolonial, and culturally sensitive perspectives for inquiry into the potential of education systems to contribute to individual development and social change. This new edition incorporates recent developments in scholarship, especially in education policy and practice, the impact of the global economic crisis, and a new chapter on education in the European Union.
Analysing English as a lingua franca : a corpus-driven investigation
The effects of globalization on culture : a study of the experiences of globalization among Finnish travellers
Globalization and the rule of law some westphalian doubts
The tipping point in the Finnish social media start-up companies
Global processes, local strategies : migration of educated Dominicans
Critical theories of globalization
Featuring a wide range of exercises, examples, and images, this textbook provides a practical way of analysing the discourses of the global media industries. Building on a comprehensive introduction to the history and theory of global media communication, specific case studies of lifestyle and entertainment media are explored with examples from films, global women's magazines, Vietnamese news reporting and computer war games. Finally this book investigates how global media communication is produced, looking at the formats, languages and images used in creating media materials, both globally and in localised forms. At a time when the media is becoming increasingly global, often with the same films, news and television programmes shown all over the world; "Global Media Discourse" provides an accessible, lively introduction into how globalisation is changing the language and communicative practices of the media. Integrating a range of approaches, including political economy, discourse analysis and ethnography, this book will be of particular interest to students of media and communication studies, applied linguistics, and (critical) discourse analysis.
Migration in globalized sport : Finnish ice hockey players in Russia
Globalization and transnational academic mobility : the experiences of chinese academic returnees
The trillion dollar enterprise : how the alliance revolution will transform global business
Nomads and global governance : editorial comment
The economic geography reader : producing and consuming global capitalism
Creating future world citizens : a phenomenographic study of teacher's understanding on implementation of global education at an international baccalaureate primary years programme (IBPYP) in Finland
Handbook on globalization and higher education
Canakkale Onsekiz Mart University, Turkey 20.-24.10.2010.
Women, families and feminist politics : a global exploration
Linguistic resources in transition : a case study of Finnish people in Belgium
Becoming designers : education & influence
Towards the Geopolitics of Flows : implications for Finland
We live in the midst of a revolution in communication technologies that affects the way in which people feel, think, and behave. The media have become the space where power strategies are played out. In the current technological context mass communication goes beyond traditional media and includes the Internet and mobile communication. In this wide-ranging and powerful book, Manuel Castells analyses the transformation of the global media industry by this revolution in communication technologies. He argues that a new communication system, mass self-communication, has emerged, and power relationships have been profoundly modified by the emergence of this new communication environment. Created in the commons of the Internet this communication can be locally based, but globally connected. It is built through messaging, social networks sites, and blogging, and is now being used by the millions around the world who have access to the Internet.Drawing on a wide range of social and psychological theories, Castells presents original research on political processes and social movements, including the misinformation of the American public on the Iraq War, the global environmental movement to prevent climate change, the control of information in China and Russia, and Internet-based political campaigns, such as the Obama campaign in the United States. On the basis of these case studies he proposes a new theory of power in the information age based on the management of communication networks Justly celebrated for his analysis of the network society, Castells here builds on that work, offering a well grounded and immensely challenging picture of communication and power in the 21st century. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand the dynamics and character of the modern world.
Why has world trade slowed?
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Globalization : interdepedencies and coordination
Understanding globalization : the social consequences of political, economic and environmental change
World parliament – fact or fiction? : on the feasibility of world parliamentary models
Faith communities and social movements facing globalization : international and interfaith colloquium 2000 on faith, theology, economy
Vanishing borders : protecting the planet in the age of globalization
Who really runs the global economy? Who benefits most from it? The answer is a triad of 'governance institutions' - The IMF, the World Bank and the WTO. Globalization massively increased the power of these institutions and they drastically affected the livelihoods of peoples across the world. Yet they operate undemocratically and aggressively promote a particular kind of neoliberal capitalism. Under the 'Washington Consensus' they proposed, poverty was to be ended by increasing inequality. This new edition of "Unholy Trinity", completely updated and revised, argues that neoliberal global capitalism has now entered a period of crisis so severe that governance will become impossible. Huge incomes for a small number of super-rich people produced an unstable global economy, rife with speculation and structurally prone to crises. The IMF is in disgrace, the WTO can hardly meet anymore and the World Bank survives as a global philanthropist. Is this the end for the Unholy Trinity?
The sources of neoliberal globalization
Fashion : a very short introduction
Postcolonial masculinities : emotions, histories and ethics
American popular television in Finland and its influence on the representation of America in English language textbooks for the Finnish lower secondary school
Party systems, democracy and globalisation
Global civil society 2005/6
Open borders, open regimes? : testing causal direction between globalization and democracy, 1970-2000
World Universities Congress 2010 : "What should be the new aims and responsibilities of universities within the framework of global issues?"
Ice and fire
Territory, specialization and globalization in European manufacturing
The global manufacturing revolution : product-process-business integration and reconfigurable systems
Global finance and the macroeconomy
From globalization to world society : neo-institutional and systems-theoretical perspectives
Financial markets are usually seen as forerunners in globalization, since the immaterial and weightless nature of finance seems to make geography less relevant than in most other industries. This picture of finance as the most global of businesses, however, is only partly true. For some parts of the financial markets, geography has lost its importance already a long time ago, but there are others where international and regional integration is still incomplete and on-going. Globally, the most important of the on-going processes is the financial opening up of the big emerging market economies, which poses huge challenges for international policy coordination and the development of institutions; at the European level, retail banking markets and payments systems are still very fragmented and a lot of work is needed to achieve the goal of a single market at least in the euro area. Finally, at the subnational level, the impact of financial integration is mostly felt through the changes in the variety of services and customer relationships available to SME's and households. At each of these levels, financial integration holds great promise in terms of growth, efficiency and economic opportunities, but also requires significant adjustments in public policy and private business performance.
Securing global commons : a small state perspective
Environmental ethics : an overview for the twenty-first century
Future prospects of sustainable development : towards the year 2030 in Finland
Understanding the global TV format
The globalization of terrorism
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail?
Distance-related barriers and the internationalisation of Finnish MNEs
Globalization : critical concepts in sociology. Vol. 1, Analytical perspectives
Floorball as a new sport : case study : Bulgaria as a floorball destination from insider's point of view
Globalization : critical concepts in sociology. Vol. 4, Culture and identity
Effects of Culture on Sexual Health Education in Developing Countries : Empowering Adolescents in Nepal
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1999, 3 : Money across frontiers : the explosion of global finance
From colonization to cyberspace - some challenges for contemporary geography
Recent research has found pronounced differences in the level of entrepreneurship and new business formation across various regions and nations. This timely handbook reveals that the development of new ventures as well as their effects on overall economic growth is strongly shaped by their regional and national environment. The expert group of contributors give an overview on the current state of the art in this field and propose avenues for further investigation. Topics include the regional determinants of new business formation, the effects of start-ups on growth, the role of globalization for regional entrepreneurship, the effect of national and regional framework conditions, as well as the role of universities as incubators of innovative new firms.
Geographical impacts of financial integration
Globalisation, global justice and social work
Global Account Management : The art of managing international key accounts
Global to local : English in the lives of five Helsinki-based immigrant entrepreneurs
Fieldwork revisited : changing contexts of ethnographic practice in the era of globalization
China and other emerging actors in Africa
Does Citec have enough resources to implement software localization service
Helsinki review of global governance : making sense of power
Developing a globalization competence assessment framework and its application to Finnish and Japanese higher education
Global cities : cinema, architecture, and urbanism in a digital age
Land use / land cover changes in the period of globalization : proceedings of the IGU-LUCC International Conference, Prague 2001
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Globalization and everyday life
Nationalism and global solidarities : alternative projections to neoliberal globalisation
Territoriality in the globalizing society : one place or none
Globalization and American popular culture
Indigenous peoples rights and conflict-situation in the oil-producing states of Nigeria : the globalization connection and activities of the multinationals
Mediating discourse in a globalising world : analysing the language and communicative practices of transnational adoption
International migration flows in the global level
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Global software engineering : challenges and solutions framework
Summaries in English.
The globalization myth
Globalisation and money-laundering
Comparative education : the dialectic of the global and the local
Developing the plywood supply chain management
The dawn of neoliberal rationality in Africa in the 1980s coincided with a massive exodus of skilled Africans to the global North. Moving beyond the 'push and pull' framework that has dominated studies of this phenomenon, this collection instead looks at African transnational migrations against the backdrop of rapid and intensifying globalization. In doing so, it explores a dimension usually neglected in most accounts₂the ways in which transnationalism as a whole is largely a function of the remarkable adaptability and innovation of actual migrants.
Black swans : what will chance the world next?
Sharing diversity : culture as a resource for future Europe. Cultural policy and its dimensions in four European countries: Bulgaria, Finland, Germany and Poland
Work and family : an international research perspective
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
Foreign players in the Finnish football league 1970-2010
Globalization : critical concepts in sociology. Vol. 3, Global membership and participation
"Just stories"
Going global : the challenges for knowledge-based economies
Globalization and human rights
Education in the era of globalization
