http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p386 schools (educational institutions)
schools (educational institutions)
Trading in futures : why markets in education don't work
Coaching educational leadership : building leadership capacity through partnerships
Needs-based resource allocation in education via formula funding of schools
Transitions in school life : teachers' experiences of pupil's middle-of-the-school-year transitions
How to overcome bullying at school? : the adult survivors' perspective
Polytechnic education
Sequential explanatory study of factors connected with science achievement in six countries: Finland, England, Hungary, Japan, Latvia and Russia : study based on TIMSS 1999
Entrepreneurial learning in practice : How work-life and entrepreneurship experience can be utilized in higher education studies?
Real live boyfriends : yes, boyfriends, plural - if my life weren't complicated, I wouldn't be Ruby Oliver
Learning from experiences with energy savings in schools
Equal, but different : an evaluate of the postgraduate polytechnic experiment in Finland : final report
Peer Learning in Higher Education : learninq from and with each other
The sustainability of school improvement in challenging contexts : case study of public schools in Antofagasta, Chile
Archer has four important role models in his life - his dad, his grandfather, his uncle Paul, and his favorite teacher, Mr. McLeod. When Uncle Paul and Mr. McLeod get married, Archer's sixth-grade year becomes one he'll never forget. --
Pre-primary school teachers' approaches to mathematics education in Finland
Ouran high school host club. Vol. 11
Assassination classroom. 11, Time for sports day
Managing schools towards high performance : linking school management theory to the school effectiveness knowledge base
The International Handbook of Leadership for Learning brings together chapters by distinguished authors from thirty-one countries in nine different regions of the world. This handbook contains nine sections that provide regional overviews; a consideration of theoretical and contextual aspects; and, system and policy approaches that promote leadership for learning with a focus on educating school leaders for learning and the role of the leader in supporting learning. It also considers the challenge of educating current leaders for this new perspective, and how leaders themselves can develop leadership for learning in others and in their organisations, especially in diverse contexts and situations. The final chapter considers what we now know about leadership for learning and looks at ways this might be further improved in the future. This book provides the reader with an understanding of the rich contextual nature of learning in schools and the role of school leaders and leadership development in promoting this. It concludes that the preposition 'for' between the two readily known and understood terms of 'leadership' and 'learning' changes everything as it foregrounds learning and complexifies, rather than simplifies, what that word may mean. Whereas common terms such as 'instructional leadership' reduce learning to 'outcomes', leadership for learning embraces a much wider, developmental view of learning.
The Tibetan schools (classes) in inland
The nature of teacher discourse during practical work in lower secondary physics education
Victim without a face
Reclaiming school in the aftermath of trauma : advice based on experience
Flora the Fairy's magic spells
The wise man's fear
This collection of critical essays, originally published in "Pragmatics and Society" 1:2 (2010), discusses how normative biases that shape our relation to the world are constructed through discursive practice in media discourse. The intertextual perspective it adopts is crucial for our understanding of how media representations of speakers and languages shape many of our preconceptions of others. Mediatization is inherently intertextual; the very nature of this process involves extracting the speech behavior of particular speakers or groups from a highly specific context and refracting and reshaping it to be inserted in another stream of representation. The notion of intertextuality becomes a useful concept for the linguistic anthropological study of media discourse in the context of modernity, as it provides us with a tool for exploring the semiotic processes that underlie the way in which the media negotiate and reinscribe the complex relationships of identity that characterize late modern subjecthood.
What is the future of village schools? : a case study on the life cycle of a school in Northern Finland
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology  in education field
Ever caught yourself screaming, "I could just kill that teacher"? What would it take to justify such antisocial behavior and weeks of detention? Especially if he's the best teacher you've ever had? Giving you an "F" on a quiz? Mispronouncing your name during roll call...again? How about blowing up the moon and threatening to do the same to Mother Earthunless you take him out first?! Plus a reward of a cool 100 million from the Ministry of Defense! Okay, now that you're committed... How are you going to pull this off? What does your pathetic class of misfits have in their arsenal to combat Teach's alien technology, bizarre powers and...tentacles?! The students of 3-E turn a surplus of eggs to good use in pursuit of their usual goal. Karasuma teaches them the art of parkour while Koro Sensei teaches them the game of cops and robbers. Then, someone is stealing lingerie, and naturally Koro Sensei is the prime suspect! But is he being framed & and if so, by whom? Lastly, biologically modified Itona discovers that sometimes tentacles can be a burden rather than a gift. He puts everything he has got into his latest assassination attempt on Koro Sensei. But who will save Itona from himself?!
The pothunters
Ouran high school host club. Vol. 13
Football coaching guide for middle school coaches at international schools
School differences and inequities in educational outcomes : PISA 2000 results of reading literacy in Finland
Teacher's workplace : the social organization of schools
Summary.
Morning glories. Volume 6, Demerits
Instrumental music for today's school
Managing external relations in schools and colleges
His favorite. Volume 9
School improvement through performance feedback
Arab world in the subjects of history, geography and Slovene language in elementary and secondary schools in Slovenia
In 1959 Virginia, Sarah, a black student who is one of the first to attend a newly integrated school, forces Linda, a white integration opponent's daughter, to confront harsh truths when they work together on a school project.
The boyfriend list : 15 guys, 11 shrink appointments, 4 ceramic frogs and me, Ruby Oliver
Open source as a pedagogical tool in higher education
Occupational well-being of school staff : experiences and results from an action research project realised in Finland and Estonia in 2009-2014
Kielenoppija tänään = Language learners of today
School holidays in the member states of the Council for Cultural Co-operation : 1986
Managing the modern school library
Milly at magic school
Behavioral Threat Management: Prevention of Severe Targeted Violence in Educational Institutions
Teachers' perspective on gratitude within classroom environment
The treasure map of boys : Noel, Jackson, Finn, Hutch, Gideon - and me, Ruby Oliver
Keyboard dynamics / Instruction book 1.
Yuck's pet worm and Yuck's rotten joke
Custom and cherishing : the arts in elementary schools : studies of U.S. elementary schools portraying the ordinary problems of teachers teaching music, drama, dance, and the visual arts in 1987-1990
The wave : [a novel]
Natural learning : the life history of an environmental schoolyard : creating environments for rediscovering nature's way of teaching
Deadly class. Volume 4, Die for me
Teachers' views on the challenges, points for development and meaning of the Finnish Schools in the UK
Works of Louisa May Alcott
The list
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Comp[at]ct - connecting Comenius schools
Dimensions of internationl education in English medium classes. A case study of six international English medium classes in two Finnish towns May 2000
Ouran high school host club. vol. 3
"3-E student Isogai breaks the school rules by working part-time to help support his family. When Gakushu and rest of the Big Four students find out, they use his secret as leverage to force 3-E to participate in a bizarre sports-day competition. Soon it's time for the school's midterm competition as well, but when some 3-E students accidentally injure the elderly owner of a day care/after-school program, Koro Sensei forbids them from studying and orders them to replace the old codger until he recovers. Assassination is one thing, but...babysitting little kids?! And then our friends rescue a cat."--Page [4] of cover.
Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, The third wheel
Symptoms of being human
Key data on teaching languages at school in Europe : 2008 edition
The courage to grow : leading with intentionality
A Study of Habits and Behaviours, Plus Techniques for Taming Them From E. Lockhart, author of the best-seller We Were Liars, and the highly-acclaimed The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, comes this hilarious and heart-warming series. Here is how things stand at the beginning of newly-licensed driver Ruby Oliver's junior year at Tate Prep: Kim: Not speaking. But far away in Tokyo. Cricket: Not speaking. Nora: Speaking--sort of. Chatted a couple times this summer when they bumped into each other outside of school--once shopping in the U District, and once in the Elliot Bay Bookstore. But she hadn't called Ruby, or anything. Noel: Didn't care what anyone thinks. Meghan: Didn't have any other friends. Dr. Z: Speaking. And Jackson. The big one. Not speaking. But with a new job, an unlikely but satisfying friend combo, additional entries to The Boy Book and many difficult decisions help Ruby to see that there is, indeed, life outside the Tate Universe.
Carry on
Morning glories. Volume 10, Expulsion
Deadly class. Volume 2, Kids of the black hole
Ouran high school host club. Vol. 10
Mass Magazine - fall 1998 : architecture and children : learning environments and desing education
Research on preparing inservice teachers to work effectively with emergent bilinguals
Between 1990 and 2010, the English language learner (ELL) population in U.S. schools grew by 80 percent. While the highest concentration of English language learners, now more commonly referred to as emergent bilinguals (EBLs) remains in the traditional immigrant destination states of California, Texas, New York, Florida, Illinois, and New Jersey, in all 50 states there are growing numbers of emergent bilinguals. Interest in these learners has encouraged research and publications, but most of this research has centered on the students themselves and the politics surrounding their education. Publications featuring the research of teacher educators preparing teachers to work with EBLs in schools are much needed. Teacher educators must know how to help inservice teachers provide effective instruction to the increasing number of linguistically diverse students in the schools.
15 Guys, 11 Shrink Appointments, 4 Ceramic Frogs and Me, Ruby Oliver From E. Lockhart, author of the best-seller We Were Liars, and the highly-acclaimed The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, comes this hilarious and heart-warming series. Ruby Oliver is fifteen and has a shrink. But before you make up your mind about her, you should know that she has had a pretty awful (and eventful) past ten days.
Winx Club. The complete season 5.
Discourses of internationalization in Finnish higher education : a critical discourse analysis of legitimation strategies used in internationalization documents
Making the dream of a Sámi school come true : voices from the field
The hero's journey : how educators can transform schools and improve learning
Secondary headship : the first years
Integrating practice-based experiences into higher education
September 11. . . Virginia Tech . . . Columbine . . . Hurricane Katrina . . . Traumatic events with long lasting consequences. Lives are upended, safety is threatened, and all are forced to find a way to adapt to a new normal. Educators in schools where students have experienced trauma face difficult challenges, for how are they to promote academic growth and attainment of educational goals in such a situation? Reclaiming School in the Aftermath of Trauma offers wisdom born of experience as well as insights acquired through years of study. Authors contributing to this text share their experiences in the aftermath of tragedy and describe helpful approaches for reclaiming school after trauma interrupts the lives of students, faculty, and school communities.
The mighty dynamo
Crisis and renewal in one Finnish private school
Minutes after the principal of Opportunity High School in Alabama finishes her speech welcoming the student body to a new semester, they discover that the auditorium doors will not open and someone starts shooting as four teens, each with a personal reason to fear the shooter, tell the tale from separate perspectives.
Do UNESCO schools in Finland prepare their students for the future? : a study of their school-based curriculums
Creating a security plan for Eira High School for Adults
University education
Kvothe takes his first steps on the path of the hero as he attempts to uncover the truth about the mysterious Amyr, the Chandrian, and the death of his parents. Along the way, Kvothe is put on trial by the legendary Adem mercenaries, forced to reclaim the honor of the Edema Ruh, and travels into the Fae realm where he meets Felurian, the faerie woman no man can resist.
Ouran high school host club. Vol. 12
Future learning and prior learning and recognition in vocational teacher education
Changing school management : status review - May 2012
The leadership paradox : balancing logic and artistry in schools
Jedi academy : A new class
Student perspective on software development, processes and entrepreneurship in Finnish University of Applied Sciences
Assessment : what's in it for schools?
'White Flight' in Finland? : a qualitative study into Finnish-born families' housing and school choices in Turku
Evaluating school programs : an educator's guide
Student engagement in two Singaporean secondary schools
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology in education field
After having been teaching online using Adobe Connect web conferencing system since 2008, it was  time to stop and reflect upon its advantages and disadvantages. The purpose of this research paper is  to study the possibilities and challenges of online language teaching by focusing on the breakout room  feature of the Adobe Connect system. The aim is to investigate how the function supports or  challenges language learning from the students' and the teacher's viewpoint. In addition, the purpose  is to compare to what extent their experiences coincide. In this study the data consists of my own  observations as a language teacher using Adobe Connect breakout rooms. The data on students'  experiences was collected by conducting a survey in the virtual learning environment Optima. The equestionnaire  was replied by 29 students of business and business information systems using the  blended learning method at Oulu University of Applied Sciences. The students were inquired about  how well the breakout function serves language learning purposes in general and on the specific  lesson when the survey was carried out. Moreover, some technical background information was  collected on the hardware and software used. The survey and the teacher's observations indicated  that the breakout function succeeds in supporting the interactive nature of language learning. Most of  the challenges discovered were related to technology
Schools around the world
Characteristics of small and rural school districts
Autuas aina : valokuvia suomalaisista kouluista = photographs of Finnish schools
History and philosophy of psychology
Leadership in Finnish comprehensive school core curricula since the 1970s
Alternative American schools : ideals in action
Morning glories. Volume 9, Assembly
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Morning glories. Volume 7, Honors
Relationships between absences from school and certain factors related to school : a study on elementary school grades three to six
Nothing can keep us together
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 9. Diamond generation
School leadership and instructional improvement
Riley Cavanaugh is many things: Punk rock. Snarky. Rebellious. And gender fluid. Some days Riley identifies as a boy, and others as a girl. But Riley isn't exactly out yet. And between starting a new school and having a congressman father running for reelection in uber-conservative Orange County, the pressure media and otherwise is building up in Riley's life.On the advice of a therapist, Riley starts an anonymous blog to vent those pent-up feelings and tell the truth of what it's really like to be a gender fluid teenager. But just as Riley's starting to settle in at school - even developing feelings for a mysterious outcast - the blog goes viral, and an unnamed commenter discovers Riley's real identity, threatening exposure. And Riley must make a choice: walk away from what the blog has created - a lifeline, new friends, a cause to believe - in or stand up, come out, and risk everything.
Assassination classroom. 9, A shocking time
Recent trends and challenges in Brazilian higher education system
General competences of school curriculum in adventure module for school youth worker
When schools compete : a cautionary tale
Participative leadership practice in junior high schools and actions to improve the practice : a case study of Sekyere south district, Ghana
Ipad in education for dummies
Schools that learn : a fifth discipline fieldbook for educators, parents, and everyone who cares about education
Ouran high school host club. Vol. 7
More sideways arithmetic from Wayside School
Russia : notes on a course for secondary schools
The raising
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 10. Conditions for battle
Pre-primary and comprehensive school education
In search of lost postmodern - descriptions of school social work expertise in official documents : a rhetorical discourse analytic approach
The right to education : what kind of management?
Steadfast : a Spellcaster novel
Entrepreneurial Profile of Higher Education Students : Häme University of Applied Sciences
Violence in schools and its treatment
"Nadia must stop the evil sorceress Elizabeth before she lures the One Beneath to Captive's Sound, destroying the town and everyone Nadia holds dear at the same time"--
The distribution of schooling in Sweden
Teachers' perspectives on the changes and challenges in teaching English in Finland
Determining the best location of carbon dioxide sensor
The students in Class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Junior High have a new teacher: an alien octopus with bizarre powers and unlimited strength, who's just destroyed the moon and is threatening to destroy the earth--unless they can kill him first! Mr Karasuma gives the 3-E students super-powered uniforms... with great results. What feats can they perform in their snazzy new outfits? Then Mr Karasuma gives Ms Vitch a bouquet for her birthday ... with disastrous results. Next, a 3-E teacher is kidnapped by master assassin the Grim Reaper, who threatens to kill his hostage if the students tell anyone. Their rescue attempt goes horribly awry, and soon they are the ones in need of rescuing! But at what cost to the world?
Development and economy in educational building in Greece, Portugal, Spain, Turkey and Yugoslavia
Moisture and mould problems in school buildings : a clinical study on the health effects in schoolchildren
Pterodactyls and old lace : museums in education
Neon genesis evangelion : Campus apocalypse [volume 2]
Primary arts education : contemporary issues
Avalon high
International Handbook of Leadership for Learning
Ouran high school host club. Vol. 5
Ouran high school host club. Vol. 14
Great riding schools of the world
The name of the wind
Between the lines
Sideways stories from Wayside school
The pursuit of school effectiveness : research management and policy
Assassination classroom. 12. Time for the grim reaper
OECD reviews of school resources : Uruguay 2016
An assession of the applicability of shared leadership tenets in Cameroon : the case of Buea municipality
Would I lie to you : a gossip girl novel
I like it like that : a gossip girl novel
Nutrition health project using an ICT-based learning environment : participatory action research in Eastern Finland
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Yuck's fart club and Yuck's sick trick
Lies we tell ourselves
Ouran high school host club. Vol. 2
Recycled!
Don't you forget about me : a gossip girl novel
Rethinking educational leadership : challenging the conventions
The education of the culturally different : a multi-cultural approach
"Sexuality and relationships school programs" : teachers' perceptions on the introduction of sexuality education in the Greek primary school
Ouran high school host club. Vol. 4
Schools for today and tomorrow : an international compendium of exemplary educational facilities
Schools must speak for themselves : the case for school self-evaluation
Providers of education and educational institutions
Cultivating childhood obesity
How physiotherapy students are learning physiotherapy in mental health and body awareness
Nagisa risks it all in an attempt to take down the mastermind behind the biological attack on his classmates. After the dust settles, Koro Sensei gives his all to ignite summer romance between his students. Turns out their English teacher Ms. Jelavitch has her sights on someone...and everyone wants to help her get her target--er, the man of her dreams. Then, back at school, one of the students defects from the 3-E ranks for all the wrong reasons. How will they win him back before he inflicts irrevocable damage on them all?
Ouran high school host club. Vol. 15
Developing quality schools
OECD reviews of school resources : Denmark
Understanding art in primary schools : cases from teachers' research
Educational management : strategy, quality and resources
Good job! - giving positive feedback in EFL lessons : comparison of primary and secondary school
An enabling environment for female leadership in Finnish comprehensive school
School personnel administration
Abstract.
The best man
Children of the future
Best practices for co-operation between vocational education and nature-based enterprises : Envolwe (Nature Based Entrepreneurs and Vocational Education Training Providers Learning and Working Together), best practice report
My hero academia. 5, Shoto Todoroki : origin
Abstract: Equality and Progress - The Finnish Education Project Under Russian Rule.
Social media for school leaders : a comprehensive guide to getting the most out of Facebook, Twitter, and other essential Web tools
Indicators of child and youth well-being are indispensable tools for improving the lives of children. In this book, the nation's leading development researchers review the recent progress made in the measurement, collection, dissemination, and use of indicators of child and youth well-being. In addition, they identify opportunities for future research to expand and improve on the indicator data available, so as to develop greater measures of positive development. The first eleven chapters cover key indicators in the areas of health, education, social, and emotional development and then social context indicators of the family, peers, school, and the community. The book then goes on to demonstrate the use of indicators for influencing policy at the state and local levels. One chapter discusses how social indicators were used to guide welfare reform and another recounts the use of the indicators to guide local planning. The volume concludes with a discussion of summary indices of well-being and the methodological challenges of constructing such indices. Written in an accessible manner for policy makers, practitioners, and researchers concerned with children's well-being, including experts in developmental, social, community, and educational psychology, the book also serves as a supplementary text in public policy and the social sciences. The policy chapters will be of particular interest to those who use child and youth indicators to guide policy development.
Transitions across schools and cultures
Morning glories. Volume 5, Tests
Lahti UAS ICT Projects 2015
Student engagement in Finnish lower secondary school
When pudgy Linda is given the cruel name of Blubber by her classmates, Jill laughs along with everyone else. It's easier that way, right? It's not untill Jill becomes a victiom of bullying herself that she realizes how much hurts and how hard it can be to stand up for yourself -- cover.
This book is about building leadership capacity in indivudals and in institutions, through enhancing professional relationships. It is based on the importance of maximising potential, and harnessing the ongoing commitment and energy needed to meet personal and professional goals.
The school leadership views on the impact of the national school feeding programme in Ghana : the case study of Adumanu M/A and Ayaasi D/A primary schools
Deadly class. Volume 3, The snake pit
Managing finance in schools
Ouran high school host club. Vol. 1
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Needlework for schools
Ouran high school host club. Vol. 6
Strategic planning for school managers : a handbook of approaches to strategic planning and development for schools and colleges
An action-oriented perspective on caring leadership : a qualitative study of higher education administrators' positive leadership experiences
The new girl
My friend Dahmer : a graphic novel
Only in your dreams : a gossip girl novel
School effectiveness and school improvement : alternative perspectives
Microbial exposure and health in schools : effects of moisture damage and renovation
Classrooms as learning communities : what's in it for schools?
Building walls or bridges? : a language ideological debate about bilingual schools in Finland
Childhood determinants of later health
Ouran high school host club. Vol. 8
The thing in the basement
Key indicators of child and youth well-being : completing the picture
Organisation of school time in the European Union
Student and Teacher Perceptions on Learning Languages through  Web Conferencing : Focus on Adobe Connect Breakout Rooms
Friendship games
The girl with all the gifts
Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone
Ouran high school host club. Vol. 9
Cold calls
In the name of excellence : the struggle to reform the nation's schools, why it's failing, and what should be done
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
The principles and practice of educational management
This is where it ends
Rektor - en forskningsöversikt 2000-2010. Del I, Forsknings om rektor : en översikt av Svensk forskning 2000-2010. Del II, Research on school leaders : with Nordic and European reviews 2000-2010
Promoting interprofessional education in the University of Oulu
Information system for a secondary school in Nigeria: a case study on CHSA
Live-roleplay as a tool   using real world operation cultures as tools for learning
Ethical perspectives on Sámi school research
Assassination classroom. 10, Time for robbery
Skills for successful school leaders
The boy book : a study of boy habits and behaviours from me, Ruby Oliver
Morning glories. Volume 8, Rivals
Comprehensive Internationalisation in Finnish Higher Education Institution : Case: Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Autonomy and choice in context : an international perpective
Some notes on the early history of Stowe : by a member of the sixth form = Early history of Stowe: some notes
Possibilities for strengthening the international orientation of Business Administration and Economics Faculty at Niederrhein University of Applied Sciences.
TAMK.today : news from Tampere University of Applied Sciences
