http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3879 biological anthropology
biological anthropology
Papers on anthropology : 16
The criminal brain : understanding biological theories of crime
Biological anthropology : readings from Scientific American
The people of Asia
Biosocial becomings : integrating social and biological anthropology
Reconstructing physical activity from human skeletal remains:potentials and restrictions in the use of musculoskeletal stress markers
Reconstructing physical activity from human skeletal remains : potentials and restrictions in the use of musculoskeletal stress markers
Anthropology : the exploration of human diversity
Five bodies : the human shape of modern society
Physiological anthropology
Genome research
Physical anthropology and population genetics of Vologda Russians
Papers on anthropology : 9.
Papers on anthropology : proceedings of the 8th Tartu international anthropological conference 12.-16. October. 7.
Social and biological aspects of ethnicity
Humanity and culture : an introduction to anthropology
Grooming, gossip, and the evolution of language
The myth of race : the troubling persistence of an unscientific idea
Dental anthropology
The race gallery : the return of racial science
Eat Me : a natural and unnatural history of cannibalism
The origin of the Baltic-Finns from the physical anthropological point of view
Physical anthropology of the Komi : proceedings of the Komi Symposium, Moscow, 14-15th December, 1977
The study of man : an introduction to human biology
Presents an innovative framework for thinking about the major issues in the field with fourteen original essays designed to correlate to the core chapters in standard textbooks. Each chapter draws on and complements--but does not reconstitute (except for the sake of clarity)--the major data and ideas presented in standard texts. Marks explores such topics as how we make sense of data about our origins, where our modern ideas comes from, our inability to separate natural facts from cultural facts and values as we try to understand ourselves, and the social and political aspects of science as a culturally situated mental activity.
"Cannibalism. It's the last, greatest taboo: the stuff of urban legends and ancient myths, airline crashes and Captain Cook. But while we might get a thrill at the thought of the black widow spider's gruesome mating habits or the tragic fate of the nineteenth-century Donner Party pioneers, today cannibalism belongs to history - or, at the very least, the realm of the weird, the rare and the very far away. Doesn't it? Here, zoologist Bill Schutt digs his teeth into the subject to find an answer that is as surprising as it is unsettling. From the plot of Psycho to the ritual of the Eucharist, cannibalism is woven into our history, our culture - even our medicine. And in the natural world, eating your own kind is everything from a survival strategy - practised by polar bears and hamsters alike - to an evolutionary adaption like that found in sand tiger sharks, who, by the time they are born, will have eaten all but one of their siblings in the womb. Dark, fascinating and endlessly curious, Eat Me delves into human and animal cannibalism to find a story of colonialism, religion, anthropology, dinosaurs, ancient humans and modern consequences, from the terrible 'laughing death' disease kuru to the BSE crisis. And - of course - our intrepid author tries it out for himself."
The varieties of human physique : an introduction to constitutional psychology
The people of America
The humans who went extinct : why Neanderthals died out and we survived
Applied anthropology : domains of application
Readings in anthropology. 1, Physical anthropology, linguistics and archeology
The presenter of the BBC's The Incredible Human Journey gives us a new and highly accessible look at our own bodies, allowing us to understand how we develop as an embryo, from a single egg into a complex body, and how our embryos contain echoes of our evolutionary past. Bringing together the latest scientific discoveries, Professor Alice Roberts illustrates that evolution has made something which is far from perfect. Our bodies are a quirky mix of new and old, with strokes of genius alongside glitches and imperfections which are all inherited from distant ancestors. Our development and evolutionary past explains why, as embryos, we have what look like gills, and as adults we suffer from back pain. This is a tale of discovery, not only exploring why and how we have developed as we have, but also looking at the history of our anatomical understanding. It combines the remarkable skills and qualifications Alice Roberts has as a doctor, anatomist, osteoarchaeologist and writer. Above all, she has a rare ability to make science accessible, relevant and interesting to mainstream audiences and readers.
History of physical anthropology
Papers on anthropology. 5, Dedicated to the 95th birthday of Prof. Juhan Aul
People, material culture and environment in the north : proceedings of the 22nd Nordic Archaeological Conference, University of Oulu, 18-23 August 2004
The archaeology of disease
Investigations of ancient human tissue : chemical analyses in anthropology
Papers on anthropology : 12
Papers on anthropology : 14
Human origins : an introduction to physical anthropology
Physical anthropology of European populations
Craniology of the North Pacific Coast
Alanine aminotransferase polymorphism in Finnish Lapps and Finns from northeastern Finland
Physical anthropology and archaeology
Papers on anthropology : 10.
Genetic traits in Saamis (Lapps) as compared to surrounding population
Companion encyclopedia of anthropology
Sounding the limits of life : essays in the anthropology of biology and beyond
A groundbreaking, comprehensive anthology. Scholars have traced applied anthropology as far back as the classical age, when Greek rulers gathered data about neighbouring people in order to inform Greek foreign policy. Most anthropology ever since has had a practical focus: knowledge for the sake of knowledge is valuable; knowledge with practical applications is even more so. The authors focus on how the field of anthropology can best be utilised practically today. In making their arguments, they consider past, present, and future trends in applied anthropology, especially with regard to issues such as globalisation, ethnographic research, and governmental policies. This anthology focuses on how people can make their training in anthropology work for them in seemingly unrelated fields. Specific topics covered include: anthropology and development, the environment, agricultural anthropology, health and medicine, nutritional anthropology, displacement and resettlement, business and industry, anthropology applied to education, applied anthropology and the aged, and emerging trends in applied anthropology. Collects together contributions from key thinkers in the field. Looks at how anthropology can be applied practically to other disciplines.
Language evolution : biological, linguistic and philosophical perspectives
The incredible unlikeliness of being : evolution and the making of us
Advances in the biology of human populations
Homo deus : a brief history of tomorrow
Spatial pattering among animal bones in settlement archaeology : an English regional exploration
The evolution of modern human diversity : a study of cranial variation
The incredible human journey
The watchman's rattle : thinking our way out of extinction
Biological anthropology and aging : perspectives on human variation over the life span
Papers on anthropology : 15
Human biology and history
Physical anthropology of the eastern higlands of New Guinea
The evolution and history of human populations in South Asia : inter-disciplinary studies in archaeology, biological anthropology, linguistics and genetics
Proceedings of the 7th Tartu International Anthropological Conference 29 May - 2 June
Race and racism
Ethnic origins of the peoples of northeastern Asia
Sapiens : a brief history of humankind
The Neanderthals rediscovered : how modern science is rewriting their story
Proceedings of the 8th Tartu International Anthropological Conference 12.-16. October
History of physical anthropology. Vol. 2, M - Z
Physical anthropology
Applying anthropology : an introductory reader
Abstracts in anthropology
South American indians : a case study in evolution
The alternative introduction to biological anthropology
Encyclopedia of anthropology
Papers on anthropology. 17
The night country
Between biology and culture
Papers on anthropology. 18
Ophthalmology
Pedagogical anthropology
Population since the industrial revolution ; the case of England and Wales
Papers on anthropology : 11.
Your inner fish : a journey into the 3.5-billion-year history of the human body
The comparative approach in evolutionary anthropology and biology
Culture, people, nature : an introduction to general anthropology
Lucy's child : the discovery of a human ancestor
The trouble with human nature : health, conflict, and difference in biocultural perspective
Introduction to physical anthropology
Avars and ancient Hungarians
Papers on anthropology : 13
How many friends does one person need? : Dunbar's number and other evolutionary quirks
Sex and gender in paleopathological perspective
The Scandinavian International Biological Program : section for human adaptability
Lucy : the beginnings of humankind
Why men behave like apes and vice versa : or body and behavior
Walking upright : results of the 13th International Senckenberg Conference at the Werner Reimers Foundation, Bad Homburg v. d. H., and at the Senckenberg Research Institute, Frankfurt am Main October 5-9, 1999
Race and power : global racism in the twenty-first century
Race : the origins of an idea, 1760-1850
Race, evolution, and behavior : a life history perspective
Physical fitness appraisal and guidance
