http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3870 nose diseases
nose diseases
Diseases of the paranasal sinuses
An atlas of otolaryngic pathology
Pediatric otolaryngology for the clinician
Nasal mucous membrane in atrophic rhinitis with reference to symptomfree nasal mucosa : histology, histochemistry and exfoliative cytology
Abstract.
Cummings otolaryngology - head & neck surgery. Volume 3
Scott-Brown's otorhinolaryngology, head and neck surgery. Vol. 2
Scott-Brown's otorhinolaryngology, head and neck surgery. Vol. 1
Immunodeficiencies, pathogens and sex in upper respiratory diseases
XII World congress of oto-rhino-laryngology, June 21-27, 1981, Budapest, Hungary : programme
Towards better patient safety : the WHO surgical checklist in otorhinolaryngology
Obstructive sleep apnea from symptoms to follow-up
Manual of dysphagia assessmant in adults
Dacryocystorhinostomy : prospective comparison of three dacryocystorhinostomy techniques in treatment of primary acquired nasolacrimal sac and duct obstruction in adults
Cummings otolaryngology : head & neck surgery. Vol. 3
Molecular diagnosis of upper respiratory tract infections
Lecture notes on diseases of the ear, nose and throat
Video atlas of cleft lip and palate surgery
Bioactive glass in frontal sinus and calvarial bone defect obliteration : experimental and clinical studies
Probiotics and virus infections : the effects of Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG on respiratory and gastrointestinal virus infections
The Ear, nose and throat findings in finnish school children
Scott-Brown's otorhinolaryngology, head and neck surgery. Vol. 3
Development and diagnostics of bacterial acute rhinosinusitis in young adults
16th congress of the Scandinavian oto-laryngological society, Helsinki, June 27 to 30 1966 : abstracts
Exposure-related human cancer : molecular changes in sinonasal cancer and lung cancer, with focus on TP53 mutations
Molecular biology and clinical occurrence of emerging human polyomaviruses
Endoscopic surgery versus balloon sinuplasty in chronic rhinosinusitis
Ear, nose, and throat diseases : a pocket reference
Ear, nose, and throat diseases : with head and neck surgery
Summary.
The ear, nose and throat findings in Finnish school children
Studies on the bacteriology of acute otitis media
Acute rhinosinusitis during upper respiratory infection in children
Ear, nose, throat, and tracheobronchial diseases in dogs and cats
Transactions of the XVIth Congress of the Scandinavian Oto-laryngological Society, Helsinki, June 27-30, 1966
Ers & Isian 2006 : The 21st Congress of the European Rhinologic Society, The 25th International Symposium on Infection and Allergy of the Nose : June 11-15, 2006, Tampere, Finland : abstracts
Volumetric estimation of structures and lesions of the respiratory, reproductive and central nervous systems
Cummings otolaryngology : head & neck surgery. Vol. 2
Disease of the nasal passages
Ultrasound in the management of acute rhinosinusitis patients in primary care
Clinical validation of rhinometric measurements
Current diagnosis & treatment in otolaryngology : head & neck surgery
Epstein-Barr Virus. Volume 1, One herpes virus: many diseases
Epidemiology, management and outcome of facial injuries
Pediatric emergency medicine
Cummings otolaryngology : head & neck surgery. Volumes 1-3
Otolaryngology : basic science and clinical review
Indoor air problems in Finnish hospitals : from the occupational health perspective
Essential otolaryngology : head & neck surgery
Nasal polypoid rhinosinusitis : clinical course and etiological investigations
Endoscopic sinus surgery or Caldwell-Luc operation in the treatment of cronic and recurrent maxillary sinusitis
Rhinology : diseases of the nose, sinuses, and skull base
Clinical atlas of ear, nose and throat diseases in small animals : the case-based approach
Current diagnosis & treatment in otolaryngology - head & neck surgery
Cummings otolaryngology - head & neck surgery. Volume 2
Primary care ENT
Acute maxillary sinusitis in young adults : etiological factors
Color atlas of ENT diagnosis
Head, eyes, ears, nose, and throat emergencies
Cummings otolaryngology : head & neck surgery. Vol. 1
Nasal mucous membrane in atrophic rhinitis with reference to symptomfree nasal mucosa : Histology, histochemistry and exfoliative cytology
Acute otitis media in infancy : occurrence and risk factors
The use of radiofrequency thermal ablation for the treatment of upper airway disorders
Paediatric otorhinolaryngological findings in Luanda, Angola
Reconstruction of cranial bone defects with fiber-reinforced composite-bioactive glass implants
Towards better patient safety: the WHO surgical checklist in otorhinolaryngology
