http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p387 series (radio or television programmes)
series (radio or television programmes)
"Old ladies - they got a way of coming back and biting you in the ass" : the female character construction in Sons of Anarchy
Judgement of the Judoon
24 : season four dvd collection = Twenty four
Nuclear time
Benny Hill : box 5
The Book of great TV hits : Piano, vocal, chords
Space: 1999 : moon base Alpha, volume 1
Zac Efron ; the unauthorized biography
Midnight caller
"Of course that place is nowhere near this place" : comparing translations of wordplay in the subtitles of Buffy the Vampire Slayer
The South Park episode guide : volume 2 : seasons 6-10
Ugly Betty : the book
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from The Sopranos and The Wire to Mad Men and Breaking Bad
The glamour chase
The soap opera
An analytical guide to television's Battlestar Galactica
The Star Trek encyclopedia : a reference guide to the future
On the buses : the complete story
The rough guide to British cult comedy
Friends again
The translation of culture-specific verbal humour in the TV-series Friends
The king's dragon
Reading Desperate housewives : beyond the white picket fence
Desperate housewives : behind closed doors
Bones : the official companion
Benny Hill : Box 4
Mr. Monk and the new lieutenant : a novel
Monster High character encyclopedia
Doctor Who : new adventures
Friends : the official companion
I promised my dad : an intimate portrait of Michael Landon by his eldest daughter
Cult TV : The essential critical guide
I want a story!
A year in the life of Downton Abbey
Doctor Who : vengeance on Varos
Encyclopedia of television law shows : factual and fictional series about judges, lawyers and the courtroom, 1948-2008
Star Wars art : visions
I'd rather be playing piano : Piano, vocal, chords
Utility drama : making of and talking about the serial drama in Finland
Benny Hill : Box 3
Game of thrones : psychology : the mind is dark and full of terrors
Everwood. 4 : making choices
Pokemon 2.B.A master : music from the hit TV series : easy piano
The making of a television series : a case study in the sociology of culture
Beavis and Butt-head : how the enemies of boundaries violate the politeness theory
Downton Abbey : the complete scripts. Season two
Growing up in Sunnydale : the use of metaphor in Buffy the Vampire Slayer
True blood : music from and inspired by the HBO original series. Volume 2.
Construction of FTAs in the fictional world of Gilmore Girls
4400 : the season 2.
The X-files. Volume 2: book of the unexplained
Camp David : the autobiography
Last man standing : tales from tinseltown
Benny Hill : Box 1
Psychedelic celluloid : British pop music in film and TV 1965-1974
Star Trek 101 : a practical guide to who, what, where and why
Love you to death : the unofficial companion to the Vampire diaries
Decades of TV : the nineties
Performing gender in medical soaps : power conflict management in the dialogue of Chicago Hope and Casualty
The Simpsons : a complete guide to our favorite family
The making of the Trek films
The Sopranos family cookbook
Glee : the 3D concert movie : motion picture soundtrack
Interpersonal conflict in television drama : content analysis of the intimate relationships on "Kotikatu"
Star trek vault : 40 years from the archives
Star Trek chronology : the history of the future
Xena, warrior princess : the official guide to the Xenaverse
Hello darlin' : tall (and absolutely true) tales about my life
Harvest Of Time
Star Wars rebels : visual guide : epic battles
Mr. Monk gets on board : a novel
Buffy the vampire slayer and philosophy : fear and trembling in Sunnydale
The world of Mr Selfridge : the glamour and romance
Hercules & Xena : the unofficial companion
Rich man, poor man. Book 1, chapters 5-8
Simpsonit : The Simpsons. 20. tuotantokausi
The Simpsons : the complete seventh season : collector's edition
The Krillitane storm
Finding Battlestar Galactica : an unauthorized guide
Doctor Who : the pirate planet
Bite me! : an unofficial guide to the world of Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Everwood. 1 : first impressions
Benny Hill : box 6
Bradley's best from movies & TV
The get down : Original soundtrack from the Netflix original series
Secret of the Sahara : original soundtrack from the TV series
Star Trek : the art of the film
Robert Downey Jr. : the rise and fall of the comeback kid
The very best of Frasier : fifteen of the finest Frasier scripts
The Sontarans
Star Wars vs. Star Trek : Could the Empire kick the Federation's ass? and other galaxy-shaking enigmas
Benny Hill : Box 2
My life as a dog by Moose, star of the hit TV show Frasier
Mr. Monk is cleaned out : a novel
Heart and soul : new songs from Ally McBeal
Lost encyclopedia
Joss Whedon : geek king of the universe : a biography
Love you to death : the unofficial companion to the Vampire Diaries, season 5
Pokemon 2.B.A master : recorder fun!
The  4400 : the third season
The story of Martha
The taking of Chelsea 426
Downton Abbey and philosophy : the truth is neither here nor there
Relations of television : genre and gender in the production, reception and text of a Japanese family drama
Television and TV viewing are not what they once were--and that's a good thing, according to award-winning author and critic Clive James. Since serving as television columnist for the London Observer from 1972 to 1982, James has witnessed a radical change in content, format, and programming, and in the very manner in which TV is watched. Here he examines this unique cultural revolution, providing a brilliant, eminently entertaining analysis of many of the medium's most notable twenty-first-century accomplishments and their not always subtle impact on modern society--including such acclaimed serial dramas as Breaking Bad, The West Wing, Mad Men, and The Sopranos, as well as the comedy 30 Rock. With intelligence and wit, James explores a television landscape expanded by cable and broadband and profoundly altered by the advent of Netflix, Amazon, and other "cord-cutting" platforms that have helped to usher in a golden age of unabashed binge-watching.
The Q guide to Sex and the city : stuff you didn't even know you wanted to know-- about Carrie, Samantha, Miranda, and Charlotte-- and Cosmos
Blockbuster TV : must-see sitcoms in the network era
Chef aid : The South Park album : extreme version
Reading Six feet under : TV to die for
As heard on TV
Binding ties : a novel
The South Park episode guide : volume 1 : seasons 1-5
Martin Clunes : the biography
Doctor Who : 1. tuotantokausi
Star Fleet technical manual : training command Star Fleet Academy
The complete guide to Ally Mcbeal
Benedict Cumberbatch
Conspiracy theories and The X-files : the character of the cigarett-smoking-man as an embodiment of millenarian paranoia
Truly, madly, deadly : the unofficial True blood companion
The Sopranos : a family history
The Sherlock Holmes companion : an elementary guide
The world of Smurfs : a celebration of tiny blue proportions
Absolutely fabulous
Mars. Season 1
The showrunners : a season inside the billion-dollar, death-defying, madcap world of televison's real stars
The X-files. Volume 1: book of the unexplained
Monty Python speaks : the complete oral history of Monty Python, as told by the founding members and a few of their many friends and collaborators
Sunnydale High yearbook
The effect of film on destination image and tourists' destination selection
Play all : a bingewatcher's notebook
Everwood. [3] : love under wraps
Inescapable horizon : culture and context
Simpsonit : classics. Too hot for tv
Life lessons from Xena, warrior princess : a guide to happiness, success, and body armor
Special effects superman : the art and effects of Derek Meddings
Through it all I've always laughed : (an autobiography of myself) / by Count Arthur Strong
The serials : suspense and drama by installment
Monty Python speaks!
Places of the imagination : media, tourism, culture
The Monkees, memories and the magic
Making waves : the autobiography
The Simpsons : the complete second season : collectors edition
Monty Python live!
"This book is an alphabetical examination of the nearly 200 shows telecast in the U.S. from 1948 through 2008 involving courtrooms, lawyers and judges, complete with cast and production credits, airdates, detailed synopses and background information. The book includes an introductory overview of law-oriented radio and TV broadcasts from the 1920s to the present"--Provided by publisher.
The Sopranos : born under a bad sign
The making of Inspector Morse
24 : 5. tuotantokausi dvd collection = Twenty four
Mad men unbuttoned : a romp through 1960s America
The Widow's curse. Doctor Who graphic novel 12
