http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3878 cultural sociology
cultural sociology
The little book of hygge : the Danish way to live well
American culture in the 1950s
African Americans and the culture of pain
Latin American society
Yurugu : an African-centered critique of European cultural thought and behavior
Representation : cultural representations and signifying practices
Introducing social semiotics
The breathless zoo : taxidermy and the cultures of longing
Cultural nationalism in contemporary Japan : a sociological enquiry
Human geography : society, space and social science
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
"Conceptualising the beach as a creative trope and as a socio-cultural site, this collection examines its multiplicity of meanings and functions as a natural environment engendering both desire and fear in the human imagination from the Victorian period to the present. The contributors examine literature, film and art, as well moments of encounter and environmental crisis, highlighting the beach as a social space and vacationscape, as a geographical frontier between land and water, and as an historical site of contact and conflict" --
French women don't sleep alone : pleasurable secrets to finding love
Post-revolutionary Chicana literature : memoir, folklore, and fiction of the border, 1900-1950
Dancing tango : passionate encounters in a globalizing world
Steaming into a Victorian future : a steampunk anthology
The end of normal : identity in a biocultural era
Revolting bodies? : the struggle to redefine fat identity
Cultural sociology in practice
Keywords for radicals : the contested vocabulary of late-capitalist struggle
English abstract
The frenzy of renown : fame & its history
How fantasy becomes reality : seeing through media influence
Participant observation : a guide for fieldworkers
Culture shock : tolerance, respect, understanding ...and museums : summary
Man in contemporary society : a source book. Vol. 2
Culture shock! Sri Lanka : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
The life and times of post-modernity
Organization theory & design
Rolling Stone tattoo nation : portraits of celebrity body art
Costumes and cultures of the pacific rim and their world influences
Psychedelia and other colours
Culture and customs of the Caucasus
The social culture of Finland
Travel connections : tourism, technology, and togetherness in a mobile world
Bringing it all back home : essays on cultural studies
Maps of Englishness : writing identity in the culture of colonialism
"In an era when human lives are increasingly measured and weighed in relation to the medical and scientific, notions of what is "normal" have changed drastically. While it is no longer useful to think of a person's particular race, gender, sexual orientation, or choice as "normal," the concept continues to haunt us in other ways. In The End of Normal, Lennard J. Davis explores changing perceptions of body and mind in social, cultural, and political life as the 21st century unfolds. The book's provocative essays mine the worlds of advertising, film, literature, and the visual arts as they consider issues of disability, depression, physician-assisted suicide, medical diagnosis, transgender, and other identities. Using contemporary discussions of biopower and biopolitics, Davis focuses on social and cultural production--particularly on issues around the different body and mind. The End of Normal seeks an analysis that works comfortably in the intersection between science, medicine, technology, and culture, and will appeal to those interested in cultural studies, bodily practices, disability, science and medical studies, feminist materialism, psychiatry, and psychology"--
The rites of passage
Media culture : cultural studies, identity and politics between the modern and the postmodern
Culture shock! London : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Rediscovering history : culture, politics and the psyche
Power misses : essays across (un)popular culture
The Blackwell companion to the sociology of culture
The flesh made text made flesh : cultural and theoretical returns to the body
Modern Japanese culture and society. Vol. 3, Japanese culture
Imagining cities : scripts, signs, memory
Australia as a multicultural society
Keyframes: popular cinema and cultural studies
The virtues of the table : how to eat and think
Patterns of culture
Liquid evil : living with TINA
Reconstructing pain and joy : linguistic, literary and cultural perspectives
City
Cinema, theory and political responsibility in contemporary culture
" Simultaneously celebrated and denigrated, celebrities represent not only the embodiment of success, but also the ultimate construction of false value. Celebrity and Power questions the impulse to become embroiled with the construction and collapse of the famous, exploring the concept of the new public intimacy: a product of social media in which celebrities from Lady Gaga to Barack Obama are expected to continuously campaign for audiences in new ways. In a new Introduction for this edition, P. David Marshall investigates the viewing public's desire to associate with celebrity and addresses the explosion of instant access to celebrity culture, bringing famous people and their admirers closer than ever before. "--
Thinking about it only makes it worse : and other lessons from modern life
Understanding Chinese society
Considering class : essays on the discourse of the American dream
Culture : reinventing the social sciences
Baudrillard's challenge : a feminist reading
White masculinity in the recent South
Cultural sociology of divorce : an encyclopedia. Vol. 2
Sport and society in Latin America : diffusion, dependency, and the rise of mass culture
Fifteen of the most important and influential women fiction writers, critics, and theorists writing in France today are interviewed in Shifting Scenes. Although their writing and attitudes differ in many ways, their work is perceived in the U.S. to constitute "French Feminism," and has a marked impact on American feminist theory. Alice Jardine and Anne Menke interviewed Chantal Chawaf, Helene Cixous, Catherine Clement, Francoise Collin, Marguerite Duras, Claudine Herrmann, Jeanne Hyvrard, Luce Irigaray, Sarah Kofman, Julia Kristeva, Eugenie Lemoine-Luccioni, Marcelle Marini, Michele Montrelay, Christiane Rochefort, and Monique Wittig. The women were asked what it means to be a woman writer in France today and how each views her relations to her country's institutions, and the place of women writers in the canon. the answers are lively, unexpectedly argumentative, and diverse. What these highly accomplished women have to say about contemporary society, politics, literature, feminism, and their own work, will surprise, inform, and challenge.
The silent power : Japan's identity and world role : 10 incisive essays by leading Japanese social scientists selected from the Japan Interpreter
Social movements and culture
Communicating with strangers : an approach to intercultural communication
On the line
The Sage handbook of cultural sociology
Radical perspectives on social problems : readings in critical sociology
Knowledges : culture, counterculture, subculture
Human goods, economic evils : a moral approach to the dismal science
Communications and cultural analysis : a religious view
The beach in Anglophone literatures and cultures : reading littoral space
The sociology of culture : emerging theoretical perspectives
Cultural sociology of divorce : an encyclopedia. Vol. 1
Textual spaces : aboriginality and cultural studies
Modern Japanese culture and society. Vol. 4, Religion and marginal society
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
Overcoming the institutional obstacles of industrial recycling
The troubles with postmodernism
Blackening Europe : the African American presence
Mass culture and modernism in Egypt
Intellectual history of the Caribbean
Veils and videos : female youth culture on the Kenyan coast
Assimilating Seoul : Japanese rule and the politics of public space in colonial Korea, 1910-1945
Dressing up debutantes : pageantry and glitz in Texas
Comments on the society of the spectacle
The ancient civilizations of Mesoamerica : a reader
Shifting scenes : interviews on women, writing, and politics in post-68 France
The French : portrait of a people
Archaic cosmos : polarity, space and time
The construction of heritage
Natural symbols : explorations in cosmology
Living normally : where life comes before style
Education and power
A companion to African-American studies
Essays on the sociology of culture
Viewed as both unhealthy and unattractive, fat people are widely represented in popular culture and in interpersonal interactions as revolting as agents of abhorrence and disgust. Yet if we think about "revolting" in a different way, Kathleen LeBesco argues, we can recognize fatness as not simply an aesthetic state or a medical condition, but a political one. If we think of revolting in terms of overthrowing authority, rebelling, protesting, and rejecting, then corpulence carries a whole new weight as a subversive cultural practice that calls into question received notions about health, beauty, and nature. Revolting Bodies examines a number of sites of struggle over the cultural meaning of fatness. The book is grounded in scholarship on identity politics, the social construction of beauty, and the subversion of hegemonic medical ideas about the dangers of fatness. It explains how the redefinition of fat identities has been undertaken by people who challenge conventional understandings of nature, health, and beauty and, in so doing, alter their individual and collective relationships to power. LeBesco explores how the bearer of a fat body is marked as a failed citizen, inasmuch as her powers as a worker, shopper, and sexually "desirable" subject are called into question. At the same time, she highlights fat fashion, relations among fat, queer, and disability politics and activism, and online communities as opportunities for transforming these pejorative stereotypes of fatness. Her discussion of the long-term ramifications of denying bodily agency in effect, letting biological determinism run rampant has implications not only for our understanding of fatness but also for future political practice.
Happy time : three papers on international and national trends in leisure time
Eighteenth-century London through masks : notes on disguise, authenticity, and libertinage in eighteenth-century London city guides
The culinary imagination : from myth to modernity
Shattered selves : multiple personality in a postmodern world
Navigating social-ecological systems : building resilience for complexity and change
The rise of critical animal studies : from the margins to the centre
Modern Japanese culture and society. Vol. 2, Life courses, gender and self
Litter : the remains of our culture
Cultural theory and political culture : new directions and proposals
The cultural study of reception
Exploring our cultural diversity : symposium abstracts of the Costume Society of America 1992 Annual Meeting and Symposium, San Antonio, Texas may 27-30, 1992 hosted by Region VII
A Sociohistorical View of Cultural Policies
Punk rock and the politics of place : building a better tomorrow
Objects and images : studies in design and advertising
From the recipe novel to the celebrity chef, renowned scholar Sandra M. Gilbert traces the social, aesthetic, and political history of food from myth to modernity, from ancient sources to our current wave of food mania.
The theory of the leisure class
Gottland : mostly true stories from half of Czechoslovakia
Conformism, non-conformism and anticonformism in the culture of the United States
Japan unveiled : understanding Japanese body culture
Animal oppression and human violence : domesecration, capitalism, and global conflict
Hybrids of modernity : anthropology, the nation state and the universal exhibition
Symbolic interactionism and cultural studies : the politics of interpretation
Man in contemporary society : a source book. Vol. 1
From sixteenth-century cabinets of wonders to contemporary animal art, The Breathless Zoo: Taxidermy and the Cultures of Longing examines the cultural and poetic history of preserving animals in lively postures. But why would anyone want to preserve an animal, and what is this animal-thing now? Rachel Poliquin suggests that taxidermy is entwined with the enduring human longing to find meaning with and within the natural world. Her study draws out the longings at the heart of taxidermy—the longing for wonder, beauty, spectacle, order, narrative, allegory, and remembrance. In so doing, The Breathless Zoo explores the animal spectacles desired by particular communities, human assumptions of superiority, the yearnings for hidden truths within animal form, and the loneliness and longing that haunt our strange human existence, being both within and apart from nature.
Social & cultural dynamics : a study of change in major systems of art, truth, ethics, law and social relationships
The psychology of clothes
In recent decades, the focus of the study of culture in sociology has been divided between the sociology of culture and cultural sociology. In the former approach, culture is seen as a reflection of the deeper and more real social structures. A cultural sociology, however, begins from the premise that ideas and beliefs retain autonomy from the social structures to which they refer and illuminate. Only after the internal logics of meaning have been discovered and understood--the codes, narratives, and rhetorical techniques--can the cultural be put back into social structure, and analyzed in a multidimensional way. Edited by Jeffrey Alexander, arguably the leading cultural sociologist in the world, and two other widely respected practitioners, Ron Jacobs and Phil Smith, these essays from an international cast of the best and brightest cultural sociologists cover topics in theory and method; power, politics, and states; economics and organization; mass media; social movements; religion; aesthetics; knowledge; and health. Organized by empirical areas of study rather than particular theories or competing intellectual strands, the editors demonstrate that cultural sociology is not so much as a specialized subfield of sociology but, rather, an intellectual approach that can be generalized across all the core fields of the discipline.
An intimate history of humanity
Why do people go to zoos? Is the role of zoos to entertain or to educate? In this provocative book, the authors demonstrate that zoos tell us as much about humans as they do about animals and suggest that while animals may not need zoos, urban societies seem to. A new introduction takes note of dramatic changes in the perceived role of zoos that have occurred since the book's original publication.
Locating American studies : the evolution of a discipline
Cultural diversity and global media : the mediation of difference
Culture and cognition : patterns in the social construction of reality
Military sociology meets the gap between cultures
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Afrofuturism : the world of black sci-fi and fantasy culture
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Walking on water : Black American lives at the turn of the twenty-first century
Cultural sociology of divorce : an encyclopedia. Vol. 3
Everyday life in the modern world
Every thing we touch : a 24-hour inventory of our lives
Southern masculinity : perspectives on manhood in the South since Reconstruction
Salvation : Black people and love
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
Culture and society : a sociology of culture
Vanguards of modernity : society, intellectuals, and the university
Alternative visions : paths in the global village
Rethinking comparative cultural sociology : repertoires of evaluation in France and the United States
Modern Japanese culture and society. Vol. 1, Post War Japan: setting the scene
Retromania : pop culture's addiction to its own past
The Donald Richie reader : 50 years of writing on Japan
Englishness : twentieth-century popular culture and the forming of English identity
Raymond Williams on culture & society : essential writings
1963, the year of the revolution : how youth changed the world with music, art and fashion
What was the hipster? : a sociological investigation
Public culture : bulletin of the Project for Transnational Cultural Studies, University of Pennsylvania
Something of the night : a journey into the darkness of The British Isles
The ethics of sightseeing
African cultures, visual arts, and the museum : sights/sites of creativity and conflict
The cultural contradictions of capitalism
The Oxford handbook of cultural sociology
Mediatization and religion : Nordic perspectives
Axel Honneth : A critical theory of the social
Bowling Alone : The Collapse and Revival of American Community
21st century dodos : a collection of endangered objects (and other stuff)
The 60s unplugged : a kaleidoscopic history of a disorderly decade
All that is solid melts into air : the experince of Modernity
Love goes to buildings on fire : five years in New York that changed music for ever
Modernity at large : cultural dimensions of globalization
Since the so-called dematerialization of currencies and art practices in the late 1960s and early 1970, we have witnessed a move into what Joshua Simon calls an economy of neomaterialism. With this, several shifts have occurred: the focus of labor has moved from production to consumption, the commodity has become the historical subject, and symbols now behave like materials. Neomaterialism explores the meaning of the world of commodities, and reintroduces various notions of dialectical materialism into the conversation on the subjectivity and vitalism of things. Here, Simon advocates for the unreadymade, sentimental value, and the promise of the dividual as a means for a vocabulary in this new economy of meaning. Reflecting on general intellect as labor and the subjugation of an overqualified generation to the neofeudal order of debt finance—with a particular focus on dispossession and rent economy, post-appropriation display strategies and negation, the barricade and capital's technocratic fascisms—Neomaterialism merges traditions of epic communism with the communism that is already here.--
Arab American literary fictions, cultures, and politics
Roll over rock : a study of music in contemporary culture
The cultural factor in Bible translation : a study of communicating the word of God in a Central African cultural context
Royal tourism : excursions around monarchy
Totem and taboo : resemblances between the psychic lives of savages and neurotics
Modern publicity 1942-48
Understanding media users : from theory to practice
Tradition and development in Africa today
Inside the dream palace : the life and times of New York's legendary Chelsea hotel
Dead Elvis : A chronicle of a cultural obsession
Know what I mean? : reflections on hip-hop
Construction of cultural policy
Happily ever after : celebrating Jane Austen's Pride and prejudice
"Argentinean tango is a global phenomenon. Since its origin among immigrants from the slums of Buenos Aires and Montevideo, it has crossed and re-crossed many borders. Yet, never before has tango been danced by so many people and in so many different places as today. Argentinean tango is more than a specific music and style of dancing. It is also a cultural imaginary which embodies intense passion, hyper-heterosexuality, and dangerous exoticism. In the wake of its latest revival, tango has become both a cultural symbol of Argentinean national identity and a transnational cultural space in which a modest, yet growing number of dancers from different parts of the globe meet on the dance floor. Through interviews and ethnographical research in Amsterdam and Buenos Aires, Kathy Davis shows why a dance from another era and another place appeals to men and women from different parts of the world and what happens to them as they become caught up in the tango salon culture.
Current perspectives on the history of the social sciences
Cultures in contention
The undoing of thought
Routledge Philosophy Guidebook to Derrida on Deconstruction
Cultural theory : an introduction
Socio-cultural profile of frontier Bengal
The sociology of culture
Postcolonial subjectivities in Africa
Anti-Oedipus : capitalism and schizophrenia
Popular culture and political power
A scientific theory of culture and other essays
Public administration and management : problems of adaptation in different socio-cultural contexts
The salaried masses : duty and distraction in Weimar Germany
Enchantment of sociology : a study of theology and culture
Undoing place? : a geographical reader
Celebrity and power : fame in contemporary culture
American dress as social history
