http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3885 military
military
Pennalism and initiation in Finnish military life
Call of duty : MW3 : Wii
Jews in the Russian army, 1827-1917 : drafted into modernity
Infantry attacks
Fighting for the fatherland : the story of the German soldier from 1648 to the present day
The lords of battle : image and reality of the Comitatus in dark-age Britain
Social work practice in the military
Helmet for my pillow
The military presence in the countryside of Petra in the C6th
Historica. 3
Frontiersmen in blue : the United States army and the Indian 1848-1865
Call of duty 4 : modern warfare : PlayStation 3
"In this paper, four theories on the causes of civil war are reviewed. One theory, associated with Paul Collier, emphasises feasibility over factors related to grievance. A second theory, espoused by Frances Stewart, focuses on the role of horizontal inequalities. The third theory, identified with William Zartman, highlights the different roles “need, creed and greed” factors play in various phases of a conflict. And the fourth theory, associated with the World Bank / World Development Report 2011, points out “commitment” problems leading to institutional failures as a crucial factor. Each of the theories leads to quite different policy conclusions. Their strengths and weaknesses, and their claimed empirical support, are discussed.In addition, some of the mechanisms underpinning the theories are highlighted on the basis of empirical data. In particular, the central role of horizontal inequalities between social groups is discussed." --Publisher's description.
Estonian volunteers in the Finnish armed forces 1939-1944
Cavalry : the history of a fighting elite 650 BC - AD 1914
[Prototype]. 1
Call of duty 4 : modern warfare : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Suomen "Vanha sotaväki" vanhoissa valokuvissa = The Finnish "Old army" in old photographs
Service in the Roman army
Women and war in antiquity
Accidental warrior : in the front line from Normandy till victory
The Pacific : Tyynenmeren taistelutoverit
Best served cold
Few secular works of Antiquity were as popular in the Middle Ages as Vegetius' Epitoma , the broadest ancient manual of Roman warfare. This edition is the first to be based on a comprehensive investigation of over 200 surviving manuscripts. The apparatus gives a full account of the readings that medieval scribes inherited from Antiquity. It also includes cross-references and brief explanations of some choices, and M. R. Reeve takes trouble to identify the earliest occurrences of worthwhile conjecture.
Conscripts and deserters : the army and French society during the revolution and empire
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
In medieval and Renaissance Europe, mercenaries--professional soldiers who fought for money or other rewards--played violent, colorful, international roles in warfare. Intended as an introduction to the subject and drawing heavily on contemporary first-person accounts, this book creates a vivid but balanced mosaic of mercenaries who were hired to fight for various employers.
The complete Roman army
The Finnish Guard in the Balkans : heroism, imperial loyalty and finnishness in the Russo-Turkish war of 1877-1878 as recollected in the memoirs of Finnish guardsmen
The late Roman army
Shipping the medieval military : English maritime logistics in the fourteenth century
S. 60-63: Warrior words. - S. 64: Index
Elite fighting forces : from the ancient world to the SAS
Handbook to life in ancient Rome
Psychiatry in a troubled world : yesterday's war and today's challenge
Just cause. 2 : PlayStation 3
Mercenaries in Medieval and Renaissance Europe
The other's war : recognition and the violence of ethics
French revolutionary infantryman 1791-1802
The Queen Dowager's life regiment in Finland 1772-1808
The last decades of the tenure army in Finland : military effectiveness and cost effectiveness
The army of Gustavus Adolphus. 1, Infantry
Call of duty : modern warfare 2 : Xbox 360, Xbox live
A day in the life of a world war II evacuee
Call of duty : Black ops : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Call of duty : MW3 : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Race, state, and armed forces in independence-era Brazil : Bahia, 1790s-1840s
The Roman army was one of the most successful fighting forces in history. Its organization and tactics were highly advanced and were never again to be equalled until the modern era. Spectacular monuments to its perseverance and engineering skill are still visible today. Including over 200 illustrations, this book fully describes these achievements and analyses several key battles, and their famous commanders. It is the first to examine in detail not just the early imperial army, but the citizen's militia of the Republic and the army of the later Empire. The unprecedented scope of Roman military success is placed in the context of ordinary soldiers' daily lives, whether spent in the quiet routine of a peaceful garrison or in arduous campaign and violent combat.
Social pressures and attitudes in military training
Swear like a trooper : a dictionary of military terms and phrases
The imperial Roman army
What the soldiers wore on Hadrian's wall
With the old breed : at Peleliu and Okinawa
Violence against Prisoners of War in the First World War : Britain, France and Germany, 1914–1920
A slant of light : a novel
The Christian ethic of war
Call of duty : black ops II : Xbox 360
Hot spots and dodgy places : travels through North Korea, Sudan and distant lands
The Assyrian army. 1., The structure of the Neo-Assyrian army : as reconstructed from the Assyrian palace reliefs and cuneiform sources, 2. cavalry and chariotry
Roman legionary : 58 BC-AD 69
The redcoat and religion : the forgotten history of the British soldier from the age of Marlborough to the eve of the First World War
Children and violence : nature, consequences and interventions
German armed forces and the Finnish civilian population 1941-44
Prussian regular infantryman 1808-15
Ruined
Bite of the mango
Häme Castle and the peasants of Häme in medieval wars
The Finnish army, 1881-1901 : a national force in a Russian context
The mask of war : violence, ritual and the self in Melanesia
The military relationship between Finland and Russia, 1809-1917
Sowing the dragon's teeth : Byzantine warfare in the tenth century
Legio X Fretensis : a prosopographical study of its officers (I-III c. A.D.)
Napoleon's guard infantry : 2.
Stands a shadow
The Finnish army, 1881-1901 : training the rifle battalions
The 2nd edition of Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace and Conflict provides timely and useful information about antagonism and reconciliation in all contexts of public and personal life. Building on the highly-regarded 1st edition (1999), and publishing at a time of seemingly inexorably increasing conflict and violent behaviour the world over, the Encyclopedia is an essential reference for students and scholars working in the field of peace and conflict resolution studies, and for those seeking to explore alternatives to violence and share visions and strategies for social justice and social change. Covering topics as diverse as Arms Control, Peace Movements, Child Abuse, Folklore, Terrorism and Political Assassinations, the Encyclopedia comprehensively addresses an extensive information area in 225 multi-disciplinary, cross-referenced and authoritatively authored articles. In his Preface to the 1st edition, Editor-in-Chief Lester Kurtz wrote: "The problem of violence poses such a monumental challenge at the end of the 20th century that it is surprising we have addressed it so inadequately. We have not made much progress in learning how to cooperate with one another more effectively or how to conduct our conflicts more peacefully. Instead, we have increased the lethality of our combat through revolutions in weapons technology and military training. The Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, and Conflict is designed to help us to take stock of our knowledge concerning these crucial phenomena." Ten years on, the need for an authoritative and cross-disciplinary approach to the great issues of violence and peace seems greater than ever.
Axis of peace : Christian faith in times of violence and war
War : a historical, political and social study
Hunters and gatherers in the modern world : conflict, resistance, and self-determination
Summary.
British military spectacle : from the Napoleonic Wars through the Crimea
The Irish volunteers 1715-1793 : a list of the units
The army in Finland during the last decades of Swedish rule (1770-1809)
Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict
Blood rites : origins and history of the passions of war
Population dynamics and international violence : propositions, insights, and evidence
A thousand splendid suns
The military and society in Russia : 1450-1917
Inequality and identity : causes of war?
Armies of the german peasants' war 1524-26
The Roman war machine
Kilroy was here : the best American humor from World War II
English longbowman 1330-1515
The Finnish Guard in the Balkans : heroism, imperial loyalty and Finnishness in the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-1878 as recollected in the memoirs of Finnish guardsmen
Women and the army
Beyond combat : essays in military history in honor of Russell F. Weigley
Army of the Republic of Vietnam 1955-75
Greek mercenaries : from the late archaic period to Alexander
Black hearts : one platoon's descent into madness in Iraq's triangle of death
Warriors
Russian military equipment sealed since 1854 in the cistern of Notvik tower, Bomarsund, Åland islands
Reflections on violence
The Finnish cadet corps as a reflection of Finno-Russian relations
The soldier experience in the fourteenth century
Napoleon's guard infantry : 1
The boys' crusade : American GIs in Europe, chaos and fear in World War Two
Select bibliography
