http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p388 soap operas
soap operas
Pretty little liars. Season 5.
Change in the representation of social interaction : a study of the co-construction of meaning in selected episodes of the television soap opera Emmerdale Farm 1973 and Emmerdale 2005
Worlds without end : the art and history of the soap opera
"Genre is central to understanding the industrial context and visual form of television. This new edition of the key textbook on television genre brings together leading international scholars to provide an accessible and comprehensive introduction to the debates, issues and concerns of the field. Structured in eleven sections, The television genre book introduces the concept of 'genre' itself and how it has been understood in television studies, and then addresses the main televisual genres in turn: drama, soap opera, comedy, news, documentary, reality television, children's television, animation and popular entertainment." -- Back cover.
Media and society : critical perspectives
Soap opera
Convincing Alex
Guilty pleasures: class, gender, culture and life as they are connected to telenovelas
Pretty little liars. The complete sixth season
Pretty little liars. Season 4.
The great radio soap operas
Only for you! : Brazilians and telenovela flow
The soap opera
Drugs, thugs, and divas : telenovelas and narco-dramas in Latin America
Potboilers : methods, concepts and case studies in popular fiction
Soap fans : pursuing pleasure and making meaning in everyday life
The television genre book
Making soapies in Kabul : hot days, crazy nights and dangerous liaisons in a war zone
Medicine's moving pictures : medicine, health, and bodies in American film and television
Television, audiences and everyday life
Popular culture in Asia : memory, city, celebrity
Hello darlin' : tall (and absolutely true) tales about my life
McLeod's daughters. The complete season 3, Episode 45-74
We're supposed to be an alternative family. An analysis of the lesbian characters and lesbianism in the two versions of Queer as Folk
Global television formats : understanding television across borders
McLeod's daughters. The complete season 8, Episode 203-224
The film director prepares : a practical guide to directing for film & TV
Pretty little liars. Season 1.
To be continued . : soap operas around the world
Soap opera and women's talk : the pleasure of resistance
Remote control : Indian television in the new millennium
All for love : a study in soap opera
Media studies : a reader
Seeing through the eighties : television and Reaganism
Blockbuster TV : must-see sitcoms in the network era
Women and soap opera : a cultural feminist perspective
Speaking of soap operas
Nonverbal communication and stereotypes in soap operas : body- and object-adaptors in Salatut elämät and The Young and the Restless
Screen tastes : soap opera to satellite dishes
Living with The rubbish queen : telenovelas, culture and modernity in Brazil
The bold and the beautiful : a tenth anniversary celebration
Watching soap opera : a case study of how Ghanians interpret The Bold and the Beautiful
Writing soap : how to write popular continuing drama
Masculinity and popular television
Soap operas worldwide : cultural and serial realities
All she wants
The feminist, the housewife, and the soap opera
McLeod's daughters. The complete season 2, Episode 23-44
The real thing : doing philosophy with media
Brazilian womanhood in the prime time telenovela : a textual analysis of Aguinaldo Silva's "Senhora do Destino"
Tune in, log on : soaps, fandom, and online community
The soap opera paradigm : television programming and corporate priorities
Service wash
Loving with a vengeance : mass-produced fantasies for women
Watching daytime soap operas : the power of pleasure
McLeod's daughters. The complete season 1, Episode 1-22
Love and ideology in the afternoon : soap opera, women, and television genre
The who's who of soap operas
Taking soaps seriously : the world of Guiding Light
Pretty little liars. Season 3.
Representation
Body parts on planet slum : women and telenovelas in Brazil
The Dynasty years : Hollywood television and critical media studies
Good times, bad times : soap operas and society in Western Europe
Global television : an introduction
