http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3888 expenditure
expenditure
Social expenditure and its financing in Finland 1986-2000
Essays on Finnish municipal finance and intergovernmental grants
Models of decision-making in political institutions : applications of rational choice models to analyses of decision-making in Norwegian local and county government
Activity based costing in an educational institution
Introduction to financial accounting
Military expenditure : the political economy of international security
Social issues in IMF-supported programs
Sosiaalimenot vuonna 1975 sekä ennakkotiedot vuodelle 1976 = Socialutgifterna år 1975 samt förhandsuppgifter om 1976 års socialutgifter = Social expenditure in 1975 and preliminary data for 1976
Business economics
The politics and economics of public spending
Kotitaloustiedustelu 1966 = Household survey for 1966. 1, Tekstiosa = Textvolume
International standard. 9230, Information and documentation, determination of price indexes for print and electronic media purchased by libraries : Information et documentation, détermination des indices de prix pour les documents imprimés et électroniques acquis par les bibliothèques
Abstract.
Medical compared with surgical management in induced abortions and miscarriages
This thesis was commissioned by UPM-Kymmene Oyj. In first quarter of the year 2013 a Business Controlling Transition Project was conducted in Paper Business Group of UPM-Kymmene Oyj as a result which, it was decided to transfer the responsibility for capital expenditure reporting from Northern Europe region mill sites to the Financial Services. The objective of this thesis study was to develop the capital expenditure re-porting process and reporting tools to support the process for the Paper, Pulp, Energy and Functions Finland team, which will be responsible for the reporting after the transition is completed. The literature for this study relies on the accounting guidelines of UPM-Kymmene Oyj, and on theory about business reporting process re-engineering. Data collection for the study was carried out by studying the existing reporting processes of the company. For the purpose of collecting information, interviews and workshops were conducted with the professionals involved with the capital expenditure reporting and the transition project. These data collection methods were chosen in order to succeed in developing a truly functional reporting process which meets the requirements and objectives set by the commissioning company. This study presents a proposal for the new reporting process. The process has been designed to be harmonious between the reported mill sites, and to assign clear roles and responsibilities. At the same time, duplicate and dispensable tasks have been removed. As a result the end-to-end time of the process should be as short as possible. This is a favourable quality for the existing processes of the Paper, Pulp, Energy and Functions Finland team. The reporting tools developed in this study aim to automatize difficult tasks in the process and decrease the number of mistakes. Further research will be required for certain parts of the reporting process. At least the future responsibilities of project accounting, compilation of the Statistical Key Figures and the internal transfer issue should be re-examined in the next stage. At the request of UPM-Kymmene Oyj, information considered confidential has been removed from the published version of this study.
Households̕ consumption
Environmental protection expenditure in industry
The growth and efficiency of public spending
Lean Process Development PVC Line
The impact of regional public expenditures on the local deci Aronsson, Johan Lundberg and Magnus Wikström
Public expenditure handbook : a guide to public expenditure policy issues in developing countries
Reduction of military budgets : refinement of international reporting and comparison of military expenditures
Public infrastructures, public consumption, and welfare in a new-open-economy-macro model
Reduction of lead time of screens and feeders
Investing in services in West European welfare states
European marketing data and statistics 2001.
The impact of regional public expenditures on the local decision to spend
What is the cost of living? : references budgets for a decent minimum standard of livin in Finland
Pension expenditure, contributions and funds until the year 2075
An empirical examination of government expenditures and the exante crowding out effect for the British economy
Studies on macroeconomics and uncertainty
Does the size of the legislature affect the size of government? : evidence from two natural experiments
Managing public expenditure : a reference book for transition countries
Aging, health expenditure, proximity of death and income in Finland
The role of intermediary bodies within the Finnish public cultural administration : special focus on the chancing [i.e. changing] role of the Finnish Arts Council : from statutory tasks to managerialism
The value of debt : how to manage both sides of a balance sheet to maximize wealth
Statutory pensions in Finland : long-term projections 2013
Socially sustainable Finland 2020 : strategy for social and health policy
Public finance and public policy : responsibilities and limitations of government
Guidelines for public expenditure management
Kotitalouksien kulutusmenot 1996 = Hushållens konsumtionsutgifter 1996 = Household consumption expenditure 1996.
Helsinki's economy in the 1990s : recession and the state undermined the economy
Retrenchment in the American welfare state : the Reagan and Clinton administrations in comparative perspective
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
The measurement of consumers' expenditure and behaviour in the United Kingdom 1920-1938. Vol. 1
Social and economic conditions of student life in Europe : synopsis of indicators : Eurostudent v 2012-2015
The use of assisted fertilization in Finland : health effects and equity
Public expenditure : its defence and reform
Kotitaloustiedustelu 1976 = Hushållsbudgetundersökningen 1976 = Household survey 1976. Osa = Del = Volume 1, Kotitalouksien kulutusmenot = Hushållens konsumtionsutgifter = Household consumption expenditure
Adoption of new technologies and costs of health care
Spatial interaction and local government expenditures for functionally impaired in Sweden
Global status report on alcohol and health
Principles and standards for benefit-cost analysis
The development of Russian military policy and Finland
Expenditure on alcoholic drink by households : evidence from the family expenditure survey 1970-1980
Kotitalouksien kulutusmenojen muutokset 1990-luvulla = Förändringar i hushållens konsumtionsutgifter under 1990-talet = Changes in household consumtion expenditure in the 1990s
Public economics : selected papers
Public expenditure on higher education : a comparative study in the member states of the European Community
Inflationary financing of public expenditure and endogenous growth in an open economy
Essays on misplanning wealth and health : a behavioural approach
Aging and social expenditure in the major industrial countries, 1980-2025
Methodology of surveys on family budgets = Méthodologie des enquêtes sur les budgets familiaux
The revenues-expenditures nexus - evidence from Finnish local government panel data
What is the cost of living? : reference budgets for a decent minimum standard of living in Finland
Can government go bankrupt?
Capital expenditure reporting process : closing and reporting, Tampere; UPM Kymmene Oy
Executive summary (s. 9-12).
On local government spending and taxation behaviour : effect of population size and economic condition
Determinants of health care expenditure in a decentralized health care system
The welfare state and equality : structural and ideological roots of public expenditures
The effect of increases and decreases in R&D expenses on company performance
Summary: Household consumption expenditure 1990.
Teollisuuden ympäristönsuojelumenot 1996 = Environmental protection expenditure by finnish industry in 1996.
Challenges for China's public spending : toward greater effectiveness and equity
Excellence on procurement : how to optimise costs and add value
Teollisuuden ympäristönsuojelumenot 1997 = Environmental protection expenditure by finnish industry in 1997.
Paying for progress : a new politics of tax for public spending
Public expenditure : allocation between competing ends
Determinants of expenditure variation in Finnish municipalities
The fiscal crisis of the state
General government expenditure by function
Trends on the relationship between low income and low expenditure in Finland 1966-2001
The growth of public expenditure in the United Kingdom
Summary.
Determinants of health care expenditures in Finnish hospital districts 1993-2005
Plato's Meno : text and critcism
Public sector environmental protection expenditure
Palvelumenojen muutokset lapsiperheissä 1990-luvulla = Changes in service consumption expenditures of families with children in the 1990s
Monitoring and evaluation at the sector level : experiences from Joint Sector Reviews in the education sectors of Burkina Faso, Mali and Niger
OECD invisibles in the 1960's
Trends in public sector pay in OECD countries
Economic perspectives on child care
Explaining basic sservice expenditures of Finnish minicipalities
Social corporatism and the size of the public sector
The cost of children in Finland : simple methods and recent estimates
Implementation of Lean manufacturing tools in garment manufacturing process focusing sewing section of men's shirt
The Finnish economy to 1996
The world's best public sector? : final report : shortened version
Social security in Finland 1989 and 1990.
Kotitaloustiedustelu 1966 = Hushållsbudgetundersökningen 1966 = Household survey for 1966. 2, Liitetaulukko-osa = Tabellbilaga = Supplementary tables
Executive summary (s. 15-18).
Kotitaloustiedustelu 1976 = Hushållsbudgetundersökningen 1976 = Household survey 1976. Osa = Del = Volume 2, Kulutusmenot väestöryhmittäin : kestokulutushyödykkeiden omistus = Konsumtionsutgifter enligt befolkningsgrupp : ägendet av varaktiga konsumtionsvaror = Consumption expenditure by population group : ownership of durable goods
Secessions of municipal health centre federations : expenditure and productivity effects
Spend and tax or tax and spend? : panel data evidence from Finnish municipalities during 1985-1999
The economics of sport, health and happiness : the promotion of well-being through sporting activities
Statutory pensions in Finland : long-term projections 2011
Shooting the hippo : death by deficit and other Canadian myths
Investing in our common future : the budget of the European Union
Journal of public budgeting, accounting & financial management
The democratic muse : visual arts and the public interest
An assessment of cross-country fiscal consolidation
Sosiaalimenot vuonna 1976 sekä ennakkotiedot vuodelle 1977 = Socialutgifterna år 1976 samt förhandsuppgifter om 1977 års socialutgifter = Social expenditure in 1976 and preliminary data for 1977
Implementation of Lean Manufacturing Tools in Garment Manufacturing Process Focusing Sewing Section of Men’s Shirt
Consumer spending continues strong
Quickbooks for the restaurant
General government revenue and expenditure by quarter
Independent accounts : the possibilities for auditor independence in the age of financial scandal
Global higher education rankings 2005 : affordability and accessibility in comparative perspective
Statutory pensions in Finland : long-term projections 2007
Security and economy in the Third World
Social security in Finland
Radical welfare state retrenchment in comparative perspective
Abstract (1 s.).
Emotional Support in the Case of Spontaneous Abortion : Written support material
Sosiaalimenot vuonna 1988 = Socialutgifterna år 1988 = Social security expenditure in 1988.
A theory of the expenditure budgetary process
Two papers on revenue and expenditure decisions in the Swedish local public sector
Economic shocks, progressiveness of taxation and indexation of taxes and public expenditure in EMU
This dissertation is comprised of three independent essays with the unifying theme of how uncertainty affects the macroeconomy. The first essay studies an incomplete market economy where the firm faces a non-trivial investment decision due to capital adjustment costs. The adjustment costs make the price of capital endogenous and help to explain the observed volatility of the returns to physical capital. The particular form of market incompleteness that is assumed in the essay is however not enough to match the observed price of risk. The essay contains also a technical contribution in showing how Arrow prices of contingent commodities can be used in computing the equilibrium in this class of models.The second essay studies the effect of population aging on asset prices. The modeling framework features deterministic transition paths for demographic structure and level of government expenditures along with aggregate uncertainty at business cycle frequency. The demographic transition leads to a projected increase of in tax rates that are needed to finance the government expenditures. This requires higher savings rates from households which reduces volatility of consumption growth and reduces the price of aggregate risk.The third essay is an empirical study which uses betting market data from the Swedish harness horse racing in conjunction with economic confidence indices. The main finding is that the risk attitudes of bettors that are reflected by the betting market data covary with the more traditional confidence measures in a reasonable way. The essay also contains a simple forecasting exercise which shows that the novel risk measure may also be useful in forecasting the industrial production. The results of the study are interpreted in terms of behavioral macroeconomics.
Analysis of the spatial throughput in interference networks
