http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3889 public expenditures
public expenditures state expenditures
Privatizing federal spending : a strategy to eliminate the deficit
Aging and social expenditure in the major industrial countries, 1980-2025
Granting public or private consumption? : effects of grants on local public spending and income taxes
Economic shocks, progressiveness of taxation and indexation of taxes and public expenditure in EMU
The budgetary challenges posed by ageing populations : the impact on public spending on pensions, health and long-term care for the elderly and possible indicators of the long-term sustainability of public finances
Public capital expenditure in OECD countries : the causes and impact of the decline in public capital spending
Social issues in IMF-supported programs
Public expenditure handbook : a guide to public expenditure policy issues in developing countries
Toward a more efficient and high standrd public economy : August 2002.
Inflationary financing of public expenditure and endogenous growth in an open economy
Joint report on health systems
The politics and economics of public spending
A theory of the expenditure budgetary process
Investing in services in West European welfare states
Paying for progress : a new politics of tax for public spending
The role of intermediary bodies within the Finnish public cultural administration : special focus on the chancing [i.e. changing] role of the Finnish Arts Council : from statutory tasks to managerialism
OECD invisibles in the 1960's
Essays on child care and higher education
Public expenditure : its defence and reform
Income distribution effects from local public expenditures in the Swedish municipalities
The economics of sport, health and happiness : the promotion of well-being through sporting activities
Public goods and private wants : a psychological approach to government spending
Two papers on revenue and expenditure decisions in the Swedish local public sector
The 2009 ageing report : economic and budgetary projections for the EU-27 Member States (2008-2060): joint report
Inflantionary financing of government expenditure in an endogenous growth model
Guidelines for public expenditure management
Executive summary (s. 11-16).
Principles and standards for benefit-cost analysis
Public spending in the 20th century : a global perspective
The private government of public money : community and policy inside British politics
The world's best public sector? : final report : shortened version
Proceedings of the Workshop on the Evaluation of Public Sector Performance
Public sector in international perspective
General government expenditure by function
The growth of public expenditure in the United Kingdom
Challenges for China's public spending : toward greater effectiveness and equity
Trends in public sector pay in OECD countries
Journal of public budgeting, accounting & financial management
Externalities and public expenditure theory
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
Managing public expenditure : a reference book for transition countries
Monitoring and evaluation at the sector level : experiences from Joint Sector Reviews in the education sectors of Burkina Faso, Mali and Niger
The fiscal crisis of the state
Efficiency, equality and public policy : with a case for higher public spending
No way to run an economy : why the system failed and how to put it right
Public finance and public policy : responsibilities and limitations of government
The world's best public sector? : international public management comparison project : final report, shortened version
Does the size of the legislature affect the size of government? : evidence from two natural experiments
An assessment of cross-country fiscal consolidation
Synthèse (s. 17-22).
An empirical examination of government expenditures and the exante crowding out effect for the British economy
Economics of the public sector
Finding the money : public accountability and service efficiency through fiscal transparency
Determinants of expenditure variation in Finnish municipalities
Executive summary (s. 15-18).
The Finnish economy to 1996
The private government of public money : community and policy inside British policy
Social corporatism and the size of the public sector
Public expenditure control in Europe : coordinating audit functions in the European Union
Financing water and environment infrastructure : the case of Eastern Europe, The Caucasus and Central Asia
The growth and efficiency of public spending
Models of decision-making in political institutions : applications of rational choice models to analyses of decision-making in Norwegian local and county government
Welfare and efficiency in public economics
Public financing of the arts and culture: statistics and reality in Finland : methodological issues and identification of the 1990s turning points that reshaped the conditions of cultural and art institutions
Studies in redistribution and economic performance
Secessions of municipal health centre federations : expenditure and productivity effects
Summary (s. 3-5).
New measures for financing the arts and culture : a survey of European experiences and innovatory initiatives adopted in the 1980's
Abstract (1 s.).
The welfare state and equality : structural and ideological roots of public expenditures
Spatial interaction and local government expenditures for functionally impaired in Sweden
Public expenditure on higher education : a comparative study in the member states of the European Community
Prospects and challenges in public finances
Managing complex governance systems : dynamics, self-organization and coevolution in public investments
Population development and the public sector economy in Finland
Efficiency and effectiveness of public expenditure on tertiary education in the EU : joint report by the Economic Policy Committee (Quality of Public Finances) and the Directorate-General for Economic and Financial Affairs
The quality of public expenditures in the EU
The Conservative Party and social policy
Public infrastructures, public consumption, and welfare in a new-open-economy-macro model
From optimal tax theory to tax policy : retrospective and prospective views
Public finance : a normative theory
Public finance in a democratic society. Vol. 3, The foundations of taxation and expenditure
The impact of regional public expenditures on the local decision to spend
Public economics : selected papers
Explaining the growth of government
Executive summary (s. 9-12).
Social security in Finland 1989 and 1990.
What does the world spend on criminal justice?
Public finance in theory and practice
Can government go bankrupt?
Economic perspectives on child care
The fiscal structure of the Russian Federation : financial flows between the center and the regions
Three takes on sustainability
The geography of public finance : welfare under fiscal federalism and local government finance
The democratic muse : visual arts and the public interest
End this depression now!
The impact of regional public expenditures on the local deci Aronsson, Johan Lundberg and Magnus Wikström
The economics of the welfare state
Shooting the hippo : death by deficit and other Canadian myths
Independent accounts : the possibilities for auditor independence in the age of financial scandal
European economy. Reports and studies. 1994:1, Applying market principles to government borrowing. Growth and employment : the scope for a European initiative
Public expenditure : allocation between competing ends
