http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3884 armies
armies
A body in the attic
Risk : the game of global domination
The Iranian military in revolution and war
From Yorktown to Valmy : the transformation of the French Army in an age of revolution
The Assyrian army. 1., The structure of the Neo-Assyrian army : as reconstructed from the Assyrian palace reliefs and cuneiform sources, 1. infantry
War at the edge of the world
The telex is brief and to the point: One active-duty personnel found shot to death ten miles north of Fort Smith. Circumstances unknown. Found in a silver Porsche along an isolated forest road in Georgia, the victim was shot twice in the chest and once in the head. A professional hit. Clean. The crime scene suggests an ambush. Military police officer Jack Reacher is given the case. He calls his older brother, Colonel Joe Reacher, at the Pentagon for intel and taps Sergeant Frances Neagley to help him answer the big question: Who would kill a brilliant officer on the fast-track to greatness? For Jack Reacher, the answer hits home
Napoleon's soldiers : the Grande Armée of 1807 as depicted in the paintings of the Otto Manuscript
Ashley's war : the untold story of a team of women soldiers on the special ops battlefield
"Depuis plusieurs décennies, le thème de la guerre en Grèce ancienne n'a cessé de s'enrichir d'une production historiographique abondante et renouvelant sur bien des aspects l'approche traditionnelle. Si la période classique a pour l'essentiel concentré l'intérêt de la recherche actuelle, la période hellénistique (323-31 a.C.) a bénéficié d'études fondamentales et ouvertes sur des questionnements plus contemporains. Les organisations monarchiques, en raison de la puissance financière et militaire qu'elles déployèrent depuis le début du Me siècle jusqu'au milieu du IIe siècle a.C., furent les protagonistes majeurs des conflits armés qui éclatèrent tout au long de la période ; cependant, les cités continuèrent d'entretenir des forces armées civiques nécessaires à la protection de leur territoire. Enfin, certains peuples, à la périphérie du monde grec, non seulement approvisionnèrent en mercenaires ces armées, mais encore les combattirent ou furent influencées par elles, ouvrant la voie à de nombreux phénomènes d'acculturation ou de transferts culturels. Les actes du troisième IIIe Colloque international Hellenistic Warfare, qui s'est tenu à Tours les 23 et 24 mars 2007, se proposent donc de revenir sur ces armées hellénistiques, qu'elles soient royales, civiques, composées de sujets, d'alliés, de citoyens ou de mercenaires. En prenant des exemples tout autour du bassin méditerranéen, les différentes interventions ont cherché à préciser les pratiques militaires, politiques, économiques ou religieuses qui définirent les identités culturelles de ces armées multiethniques."--P. [4] of cover.
Team of teams : new rules of engagement for a complex world
The Roman and Byzantine army in the East : proceedings of a colloquium held at the Jagellonian University, Kraków in September 1992
The political economy of conscription
Seal Team 666
Holy war
The French Foreign Legion : the inside story of the world-famous fighting force
Army and power in the ancient world
Jaegir : Beasts within
Angles of attack
The D.L.I. at war : the history of the Durham Light Infantry 1939-1945
Modern small arms
The armed forces of the Soviet Union
Men at arms. The zulu war
The suicide run : five tales of the Marine Corps
Blood Song
Top secret : a clandestine operations novel
@war : the rise of cyber warfare
The roman army from hadrian to constantine
At the going down of the sun : love, loss and sacrifice in Afghanistan
The military profession in practice and theory : with a systematized and annotated bibliography
Jane's military vehicles and logistics. 2008-2009
Mastering soldiers : conflict, emotions, and the enemy in an Israeli military unit
The secret of the swordfish. Part 1 : The incredible chase
Fall of light
Sizing up the Soviet army
The Bolsheviks in power : reminiscences of the year 1918
Metal gear solid. V : the phantom pain day one edition : PlayStation 3
Men at arms. Saxon, viking and norman
Roman army
Soldiers of the tsar : army and society in Russia 1462-1874
Juggernaut : a history of the Soviet armed forces
Into the guns
The French foreign legion : a complete history
Armies of medieval Burgundy
In this 2008 book Sara Phang explores the ideals and realities of Roman military discipline, which regulated the behaviour of soldiers in combat and their punishment, as well as economic aspects of their service, including compensation and other benefits, work and consumption. This thematically-organized study analyzes these aspects of discipline, using both literary and documentary sources. Phang emphasizes social and cultural conflicts in the Roman army. Contrary to the impression that Roman emperors 'bought' their soldiers and indulged them, discipline restrained such behaviour and legitimized and stabilized the imperial power. Phang argues that emperors and aristocratic commanders gained prestige from imposing discipline, while displaying leadership in person and a willingness to compromise with a restive soldiery.
Armies and politics
Leviathan : an Event Group adventure
Legions and veterans : Roman army papers, 1971-2000
China's new foreign policy : military modernisation, multilateralism and the 'China threat'
The Roman army. : the greatest war machine of the ancient world
Blood Of Asaheim
The assassination option : a clandestine operations novel
Fluctuations in muscle strength, shooting accuracy and serum hormone concentrations in conscripts during a 3-week combat training period
Metal gear solid 4 : guns of the patriots : PlayStation 3
Armies in low-intensity conflict : a comparative analysis
MASH : a novel about three army doctors
Jump into the sky
The soldier and the nation : the role of the military in Polish politics, 1918-1985
The Praetorian guard : a history of Rome's elite special forces
Between two oceans : a military history of Singapore from first settlement to final British withdrawal
The limits of empire : the Roman army in the East
The escape
Metal gear solid. V : the phantom pain day one edition : Xbox 360
The field of swords
The gates of Rome
The passion of Bradley Manning
On May Day, 2018, sixty meteors entered Earth’s atmosphere and exploded around the globe with a force greater than a nuclear blast. Earthquakes and tsunamis followed. Then China attacked Europe, Asia, and the United States in the belief the disaster was an act of war. Washington D.C. was a casualty of the meteor onslaught that decimated the nation’s leadership and left the surviving elements of the armed forces to try and restore order as American society fell apart. As refugees across America band together and engage in open warfare with the military over scarce resources, a select group of individuals representing the surviving corporate structure make a power play to rebuild the country in a free market image as The New Confederacy.
The Einstein code
Fields of glory
Army and people : the Soviet government and the corps of officers
Son of a witch : a novel
The romans : gods, emperors and dormice
The armies of Islam, 7th - 11th centuries
With the old breed : at Peleliu and Okinawa
Fight for freedom
The making of the world's elite forces
The Roman imperial army of the first and second centuries A.D
The spanish bride
Churchill and sea power
The Roman Army : a history, 753 BC-AD 476
On some social influences of the military organization
Armata românǎ în al Doilea Ržboi Mondial = Romanian army in world war II
New model army
A history of the regiments & uniforms of the British army
The general
Scythe
Tom Clancy's ghost recon : advanced warfighter : Xbox 360
The Fighting Man : the Illustrated History of the World's Greatest Fighting Forces through the Ages
Portrait of a mutant
Metal gear solid. V : the phantom pain : PlayStation 4
Men at arms. Aztec, mixtec and zapotec armies
The emperor is dead...long live the emperor! The fervent hope of the victorious rebels and the survivors of the uprising that liberated the City from tyranny is that the accession of Archange to the imperial throne will usher in a new era of freedom, peace and stability. If only that were so. As the City struggles to return to something resembling normal life after the devastation brought on by the rebellion, word arises of a massive army gathering to the north. No one knows where it has come from or who leads it, but it soon becomes apparent that its sole purpose is to destroy the City and annihilate all - man, woman and child - who live within its battered walls. And while warriors go forth to fight and die on the battlefield in defence of their homeland and all that they believe in, bitter family feuds and ancient rivalries, political and personal betrayals, and mindless murder surface within the palaces and corridors of power: it seems the City is under siege - from both without and within...With this new novel, Stella Gemmell brings the astonishing story of the City to a spectacular climax and confirms her place as a master of the genre.
The structure of violence : armed forces as social systems
Warriors and weapons of early times in colour
Helmet for my pillow
The double life of mistress Kit Kavanagh
Humanity is on the ropes, and after years of fighting a two-front war with losing odds, so is North American Defense Corps officer Andrew Grayson. He dreams of dropping out of the service one day, alongside his pilot girlfriend, but as warfare consumes entire planets and conditions on Earth deteriorate, he wonders if there will be anywhere left for them to go.
The Samurai
The ashes from the first Great war still darken the snow in 1920s Europa. The capitalistic city-state known simply as "The factory", which fueled the war with heavily armored mechs, has closed its doors, drawing the attention of several nearby countries. With characters from five factions converging onto a small but highly desired swath of land, who will gain fame and fortune by establishing their empire as the leader of Eastern Europa.
Men at arms. Peter the great's army : 1 : infantry
The British army : a concise history
The Wehrmacht 1935-1945 : the essential facts and figures for Hitler's German
Words of command
The last year of the German army : May 1944 - May 1945
The winter men
Ancient Chinese armies 1500-200 BC
the encyclopedia of the world's special forces : tactics, history, strategy, weapons
Last night another soldier..
The Assyrian army. 1., The structure of the Neo-Assyrian army : as reconstructed from the Assyrian palace reliefs and cuneiform sources, 2. cavalry and chariotry
Beyond ”gender and stir” : reflections on gender and SSR in the aftermath of African conflict
Contemporary strategy : theories and policies
Army of the Republic of Vietnam 1955-75
Empires : infiltration
A pigeon and a boy
Fighting in Vietnam :  the experiences of the U.S. soldier
The Darkside War
The abduction
Jack Cloudie
The royalist
League of dragons
The secret of the swordfish. Part 2 : Mortimer's escape
Eisenhower's armies : the American-British alliance during World War II
This is the first fully comprehensive study of the auxilia, a non-citizen force which constituted more than half of Rome's celebrated armies. Diverse in origins, character, and culture they played an essential role in building the empire, sustaining the unequal peace celebrated as the pax Romana, and enacting the emperor's writ.
Killer Elite : the inside story of America's most secret special operations team
The junior officers' reading club : killing time and fighting wars
The immortal throne
Napoleonic army handbook : the British army and her allies
Basic Training For Dummies
The armies of East Asia : China, Taiwan, Japan, and the Koreas
Power and politeness in historical novels set during the American Civil War
Grunt life : a Task Force Ombra novel
Paths of glory : the first world war, 1914-1918
U.S. counterterrorist forces
Battle for Rome
Historical reasons for the emergence of private military companies in Africa : the case of executive outcomes employment in Sierra Leone
Americans at war : the development of the American military system
Sea dog Bamse : World War II canine hero
Battlelore. Second edition
Poilu : the World War I notebooks of corporal Louis Barthas, barrelmaker, 1914-1918
Metal gear solid V : ground zeroes : Xbox 360
One hit : a sniper novel
The Nigerian army 1956-1966
China's national defense
The Legion
Civil-military relations : regional perspectives
The main source of archaeological evidence for Late Roman Republican camps is a complex of installations around the Iberian city of Numantia in Spain, excavated by Adolf Schulten in the early 1900s. This book reassesses Schulten and concludes that much of his interpretation is questionable. Radically different alternative reconstructions making use of recent fieldwork are presented for several of the sites. A discussion of dating evidence leads to alternative dates being offered for some of the camps. To aid interpreting the sites, army organisation and art of encampment for the period of the Numantine Wars is discussed. This study gives added importance to the sites at Numantia, for they not only form the main source of archaeological evidence for Late Republican camps, but provide evidence for the form of camp for both the late manipular army and the early cohort one.
The valley
Military insignia
Small wars : a Jack Reacher story
Britain's Gurkhas
Romano-Byzantine armies 4th - 9th centuries
Brothers in blood
Roman military service : ideologies of discipline in the late republic and early principate
The Army of the Roman Republic : the second century BC, Polybius and the Camps at Numantia, Spain
Special ops heroes
Army uniforms since 1945
The way of the samurai
The Zin letters : the Kalikos society Gloranthan magazine. 2
The secret of the swordfish. Part 3 : SX1 strikes back
Variations in personality : a multidimensional study on a series of 300 healthy, 20-year-old Swedish army men
Metal gear solid V : ground zeroes : PlayStation 3
The Roman Army reigned supreme for over 1,000 years. From Britain to Syria, and from the Rhine and Danube to North Africa, there is abundant evidence of the activities of its legionaries and auxiliary soldiers. After the defeat of Antony and Cleopatra in 30 BC Augustus turned the troops of the Republic into the world's first major standing army, recruiting soldiers from all over the Roman world. Around a third of a million men policed and protected the Empire, eventually guarding frontiers like Hadrian's Wall. This book covers the complete history of the Roman Army from 753 BC to AD 476, including its successes and failures against Rome's enemies such as Gauls, Carthaginians, Goths and Persians. Life in the Roman Army was not all about fighting battles. Soldiers, centurions and commanding officers left behind a variety of documents, many of which are used in this book to reconstruct their daily lives and their combat experience.
Social work practice in the military
It was Rome's army which conquered first Italy, then a wide geographical area centred on the Mediterranean basin. Transition and change are important themes in this collection of papers, transition not only from the short-service army of the Roman Republic to a long-serving army of professionals, but also from an army of Romans to an army defending Rome, a city the soldiers were pledged to defend but which few would ever visit. The legions came increasingly to be recruited from the provinces in which they were stationed. On retirement, they often received land, initially in Italy but later in the provinces, which formed the basis for an upward move in society. A wide variety of archaeological, epigraphic, sculptural, numismatic and literary evidence is deployed.
Lines of departure
Invictus
Warrior elite : 31 heroic special-ops missions from the raid on Son Tay to the killing of Osama Bin Laden
The reaper : autobiography of one of the deadliest Special Ops snipers
Runewars
The professional soldier : a social and political portrait
EU civilian crisis management : the record so far
The Nepalese Army : a force with history, ready for tomorrow
Blackwater : the rise of the world's most powerful mercenary army
United States army : issues, background and bibliography
Men at arms. Armies of the ottoman turks 1300-1774
Predator one : a Joe Ledger novel
Vaelin Al Sorna's life changes forever the day his father abandons him at the gates of the Sixth Order, a secretive military arm of the Faith. Together with his fellow initiates, Vaelin undertakes a brutal training regime - where the price of failure is often death. Under the tutelage of the Order's masters, he learns quickly and quietly. Now his new skills will be put to the test. War is coming.
Painting miniature military figures
The alien forces known as the Lankies are gathering on the solar system's edge, consolidating their conquest of Mars and setting their sights on Earth. The far-off colony of New Svalbard, cut off from the rest of the galaxy by the Lanky blockade, teeters on the verge of starvation and collapse. The forces of the two Earth alliances have won minor skirmishes but are in danger of losing the war. For battle-weary staff sergeant Andrew Grayson and the ragged forces of the North American Commonwealth, the fight for survival is entering a catastrophic new phase. Forging an uneasy alliance with their Sino-Russian enemies, the NAC launches a hybrid task force on a long shot: a stealth mission to breach the Lanky blockade and reestablish supply lines with Earth. Plunging into combat against a merciless alien species that outguns, outmaneuvers, and outfights them at every turn, Andrew and his fellow troopers could end up cornered on their home turf, with no way out and no hope for reinforcement. And this time, the struggle for humanity's future can only end in either victory or annihilation.
In the Runewars board game, two to four players each control a powerful fantasy empire and compete to dominate the land. Alas, conquering Terrinoth is no simple task. Each empire must recruit armies, enlist the help of brave heroes to quest for powerful artifacts, and negotiate with the land's other inhabitants, placing each race's diplomatic skill and political prowess to the test. By mastering the arts of conquest, questing, and empire management, one race will claim enough of the sacred dragon runes to unite all of Terrinoth under its banner.
Blood of the provinces : the Roman auxila and the making of provincial society from Augustus to the Severans
The British army in North America 1775-1783
The official ARRSE guide to the British army : what it is and how it works
Gallipoli : the fatal shore
Metal gear solid V : the phantom pain : day one edition : Xbox One
Byzantium and its army 284-1081
Uniforms of the Soviet Union, 1918-1945
Eisenhower's guerillas : the Jedburghs, the Maquis, and the liberation of France
The blood crows
Neuroshima hex! 3.0
From the Immortals, the personal bodyguard of the Persian Achaemenid kings; the death-or-glory Companions, Alexander the Great's glorious cavalry corps; to Napoleon's Imperial Guards, flower of the French army, select martial cohorts are perennially fascinating. And perhaps no special force commands the romance, the mystique or the enduring appeal of ancient Rome's throroughbred protection and counter-insurgency squadron: the renowned Praetorian Guard. This elite military unit existed for over 300 years. Conceived as a personal army for the emperor, the Guard soon took over a wide range of powers in Rome, and thus from the very beginning made a much greater impact on the city's life than just as an imperial bodyguard. The Praetorians were in fact inseparable from the whole machinery of state, in some cases even making or breaking individual emperors. Sandra Bingham here offers a timely history of the Guard from its foundation by Augustus in 27 BCE to its disbandment by Constantine in CE 312. Topics covered include arms and insignia; the size, recruitment and command structure of the Guard; duration of service; the duties of individual soldiers and officers; and their familes and religion. The author also provides a lively and comprehensive survey of the Praetorians in the sources of antiquity. Augmented by carefully selected illustrations, maps and plans, this book will be vital reading for students and military history enthusiasts alike.
The Buffalo soldiers : a narrative of the Negro cavalry in the West
Matchlocks to flintlocks : warfare in Europe and beyond 1500-1700
Private armies and military intervention
