http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3887 cultural expenditure
cultural expenditure
A radical democratic critique of capitalist education
The politics of national celebrations in the Arab Middle East
European marketing data and statistics 2001.
Ritual in early modern Europe
English summary.
Decorated man : the human body as art
The renaissance of marriage in fifteenth-century Italy
Funerals, politics, and memory in modern France, 1789-1996
The power of feasts : from prehistory to the present
Exploring the dirty side of women's health
African arms and armour
Sacred folly : a new history of the Feast of Fools
Yoruba ritual : performers, play, agency
When in Finland, do as the Finns do : know the rules and succeed!
Native North American cultures : four cases : the Hano Tewa/the Kwakiutl/the Blackfeet/the Menominee
Shakespeareś festive tragedy : the ritual foundations of genre
Scenarios of power : myth and ceremony in Russian monarchy. Vol. 1, From Peter the Great to the death of Nicholas I
Religion and revelry in Shakespeare's festive world
Cultural policy in Finland : national report
The Menomini Indians
Art, culture, and enterprise : the politics of art, and the cultural industries
In this book, a team of international contributors examine bodies, leakage and boundaries, illuminating the contradictions and dilemmas in women's healthcare. Using the concept of pollution, this book highlights how women and health issues are categorised, and health workers and women are confined to roles and places defined as socially appropriate. The book explores in-depth current and historical practices, such as: childbirth and midwifery practice; policies and social practices around breastfeeding; gynaecological nursing, female incontinence and sexually transmitted infections; miscarriages and termination of pregnancy. Addressing things out of place, from the idea of 'dirty work' to feeling 'dirty', from diagnoses that disrupt our self-image to beliefs and practices which undermine health service provision, this book uses the contradictions in our thinking around pollution and power to stimulate thinking around women's health.
Suicidal behaviour and menstrual cycle : from puberty to post-menopause
A practical guide to alternative weddings
Public financing of the arts and culture: statistics and reality in Finland : methodological issues and identification of the 1990s turning points that reshaped the conditions of cultural and art institutions
Su wun jab bang : Traditions beyond 500 years : Korea's traditional tastes
African ceremonies
The film captures the detailed procedures of Korea's ceremonial rituals that have been preserved through the diligent efforts of Ms. Choi So-hui, the eldest daughter-in-law of the 14th generation of a local family clan, as she goes about preparing a variety of foods for ancestral rites. Also describes "Suunjapbang," Korea's oldest known cookbook.
Tournaments : jousts, chivalry and pageants in the Middle Ages
The quinceañera, the fifteenth birthday celebration for a Latina girl, is quickly becoming an American event. This legendary party is a sight to behold: lavish ball gowns, extravagant catered meals, DJs, limousines, and multi-tiered cakes. The must-haves for a "quince" are becoming as numerous and costly as a prom or wedding. And yet, this elaborate ritual also hearkens back to traditions from native countries and communities, offering young Latinas a chance to connect with their heritage. Writer Alvarez explores this celebration that brings a Latina girl into womanhood, attending the quince of a young woman in Queens, and weaving in interviews with other quince girls, her own memories of coming of age as an immigrant, and the history of the custom itself. The result is an enlightening, accessible, and entertaining portrait of contemporary Latino culture.--From publisher description.
Masks : faces of culture
The democratic muse : visual arts and the public interest
Bride ales and penny weddings : recreations, reciprocity, and regions in Britain from the sixteenth to the nineteenth century
The anthropology of pregnancy loss : comparative studies in miscarriage, stillbirth and neonatal death
The old customs and ceremonies of London
We are what we celebrate : understanding holidays and rituals
The progresses, pageants, and entertainments of Queen Elizabeth I
The role of intermediary bodies within the Finnish public cultural administration : special focus on the chancing [i.e. changing] role of the Finnish Arts Council : from statutory tasks to managerialism
Celebrating events with banquets and ceremonies in the Joseon dynasty
The politics, sociology and economics of education : interdisciplinary and comparative perspectives
Once upon a quinceañera : coming of age in the USA
Cultural policy in Finland : report by the panel of European experts
New measures for financing the arts and culture : a survey of European experiences and innovatory initiatives adopted in the 1980's
Etrusco ritu : case studies in Etruscan ritual behaviour
Material vernaculars : objects, images, and their social worlds
Dreamers without power : the Menomini Indians
Play, symbolism, and ritual : a study of Tamil Brahmin women's rites of passage
