http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3895 biofuels
biofuels
The European Union and assembling biofuel development : topological investigations concerning the associations between law, policy and space
Proceedings of the Biofuels Workshop II : Hanasaari Cultural Centre, August 24-30, 1992, Espoo, Finland
The economics of biofuels
Bioethanol is a biofuel that can be produced from microalgae by fermenting the sugars extracted from the microalgae biomass. Spirulina maxima is a cyanobacteria specie that can be forced to accumulate high concentrations of carbohydrates under stress conditions. The sugars can be extracted from Spirulina maxima efficiently by hydrolysis processes. In this research enzymatic and acid pretreatments were combined with thermal hydrolysis to extract sugars and transform polysaccharides to monosaccharides. The sugar mainly present in Spirulina maxima is glucose. Saccharomyces cerevisiae is an yeast that is able to ferment the glucose extracted from microalgae to bioethanol. Spirulina maxima accumulated the carbohydrate concentration 62.4% and biomass concentration 1.72 g/L after 9 days of cultivation under phosphorus stress, the productivity of glucose was 0.6 g glucose/d. When both phosphorus and nitrogen were limited from cultivation medium the glucose productivity 0.42 g glucose/d was achieved. In hydrolysis experiment RG 97% was obtained by pretreatment with sulphuric acid. The concentration of H2SO4 was 2% V/V, the time of hydrolysis in autoclave was 45 min at temperature 121 degrees Celsius and biomass load 3 % W/W. The overall ethanol yield was 0.19 g EtOH/g biomass. Enzymatic hydrolysis was also detected to be a possible method to hydrolyse Spirulina maxima biomass to bioethanol. Hydrolysis with amylases achieved RG 87 % and the hydrolysate was fermented with an overall yield of 0.18 g EtOH/g biomass.
Sustainability of biofuels : definition from the Finnish economic operators perspective
Comparison of particulate PAH emissions for diesel, biodiesel and cooking oil using a heavy duty DI diesel engine
Advanced combustion for low emissions and high efficiency: a literary review of HCCI combustion concepts
Biofuels, Bioproducts and Biorefining
Abstract: Biofuels for traffic feedstock evaluation in the Satakunta region.
Biofuels adoption in Nigeria : analysis of sustainability and policy issues
Biorefinery : from biomass to chemicals and fuels
Development of next generation biodiesel technology : catalytic deoxygenation of renewables
Bioenergian tuottajat 2014 = Biopower and heat producers 2014.
Alternative fuels and heavy duty engines
Advances in bioethanol
Biohydrogen : for future engine fuel demands
Advanced solid fuel characterization for reactivity and physical property comparison
Towards green growth? : the position of Finland in environmental technology
Characterisation of fuels and fly ashes from co-combustion of biofuels and waste fuels in a fluidised bed boiler : a phosphorus and alkali perspective
Results of an off-road diesel engine driven with different animal fat based biofuels
Abstract.
Paludiculture - productive use of wet peatlands : climate protection - biodiversity - regional economic benefits
Growing power : bioenergy solutions from Finland
Book of Proceedings Bioenergy from Forest 2016.
Use of biomass fuels in the brick-making industries of Sudan : implications for deforestation and greenhouse gas emission
Alternative fuels : emissions, economics, and performance
This book extensively covers the different types of biomass (e.g. molasses, sugar beet pulp, cheese whey, sugarcane residues, palm waste, vegetable oil, straws, stalks and wood), various pretreatment approaches (e.g. physical, thermal, chemical, physicochemical and biological) and methods that show the subsequent production of biofuels and chemicals such as sugars, ethanol, extracellular polysaccharides, biodiesel, gas and oil. In addition to traditional methods such as steam, hot-water, hydrothermal, diluted-acid, organosolv, ozonolysis, sulfite, milling, fungal and bacterial, microwave, ultrasonic, plasma, torrefaction, pelletization, gasification (including biogas) and liquefaction pretreatments, it also introduces and discusses novel techniques such as nano and solid catalysts, organic electrolyte solutions and ionic liquids. This book offers a review of state-of-the-art research and provides guidance for the future paths of developing pretreatment techniques of biomass for biofuels, especially in the fields of biotechnology, microbiology, chemistry, materials science and engineering.
Injection strategies tuning for the use of bio-derived fuels in a common rail HSDI diesel engine
Catalysis for renewables : from feedstock to energy production
Energy and greenhouse gas balance of biofuels for Europe - an apdate
Handbook of cellulosic ethanol
Future transport power sources : executive summary
Biohydrogen production : a protein to community level perspective study
Microalgae - Energy Production and Wastewater Purification : Three Scenarios for Microalgae Cultivation in the Kujala Waste Management Center
Towards sustainable and efficient biofuels production:use of pervaporation in product recovery and purification
Waste streams for algae cultivation
The worlds biggest biofuel-fired CFB boiler
New governance in context : evaluating the EU biofuels regime
Test method for biofuel-fired fluidized bed combustion
Process synthesis for fuel ethanol production
Bioenergian tuottajat 2013 = Biopower and heat producers 2013.
Small-scale biomass CHP plant and district heating
Biofuel crops : production, physiology, and genetics
Advanced biofuels and bioproducts. Volume 1
Eco-energetics - biogas and syngas: technologies, legal, framework, policy and economics in baltic see region
How sustainable biofuel business really is? : Today's issues on biofuel production
Microalgal cultivation and utilization in sustainable energy production
Biofuels for transport : an international perspective
Public knowledge, perception, and attitudes towards biofuel energy technologies in Lagos, Nigeria
Guidelines for handling and blending FAME
Chlorinated dioxins and dibenzothiophenes in fly ash samples from combustion of peat, wood chips, refuse derived fuel and liquid packaging boards
Bioproducts from Canada's forests : new partnerships in the bioeconomy
Co-combustion of biomass and waste fuels in a fluidised bed boiler : fuel synergism
Flash pyrolysis fuel oil - Y401
Energy : the basics
The use of lignocellulosic biomass for fermentative butanol production in biorefining processes
Biogas production from energy crops and crop residues
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Gasoline, diesel, and ethanol biofuels from grasses and plants
Liquid biofuels : emergence, development and prospects
Medium-term renewable energy market report 2013 : market trends and projections to 2018.
The impacts of biofuels on the economy, environment, and poverty : a global perspective
Abstract: Utilisation of secondary heat in drying of forest industry bio fuels.
Advanced biofuels and bioproducts. Volume 2
Characterization of chemical composition of fuel biofractions by different analytical techniques
BioRefine programme 2007-2012 : yearbook 2009
Fuel flexible energy generation : solid, liquid and gaseous fuels
The first generation biodiesel : the effects of raw material on physical properties, oxidation stability and emissions
"This book gives the background, scientific theory, and recent research progress in producing cellulosic ethanol via different routes, as well as future directions, covering all aspects of cellulosic ethanol"--
Characterisation of wooden biofuels using near infrared spectroscopy : a pre-study
Effect of the degree of unsaturation of biodiesel fuels on nox and particulate emissions
David Blume's alcohol can be a gas! : fueling an ethanol revolution for the 21st century
Research Action Plan 2020 for sustainable use of biomass : Central Finland
Alternative energy for dummies®
Biogas in Vietnam : a proposed business model in biogas sector
Understanding the characteristics of unutilized biomass resources, such as small-diameter trees from biomass-dense thinning forests (BDTF) (non-commercially-thinned forests), can provide important information for developing a bio-based economy. The aim of this study was to describe the areal distribution, characteristics (biomass of growing stock, tree height, etc.) and harvesting potential of BDTF in Sweden. A national forest inventory plot dataset was imported into a geographical information system and plots containing BDTF were selected by applying increasingly stringent constraints. Results show that, depending on the constraints applied, BDTF covers 9-44% (2.1-9.8 M ha) of the productive forest land area, and contains 7-34% of the total growing stock (119-564 M OD t), with an average biomass density of 57 OD t ha-1. Of the total BDTF area, 65% is located in northern Sweden and 2% corresponds to set-aside farmlands. Comparisons with a study from 2008 indicate that BDTF area has increased by at least 4% (about 102 000 ha), in line with general trends for Sweden and Europe. Analyses revealed that the technical harvesting potential of delimbed stemwood (over bark, including tops) from BDTF ranges from 3.0 to 6.1 M OD t yr-1 (7.5 to 15.1 M m3 yr-1), while the potential of whole-tree harvesting ranges from 4.3 to 8.7 M OD t yr-1 (10.2 to 20.6 M m3 yr-1) depending on the scenario considered. However, further technological developments of the harvest and supply systems are needed to utilize the full potential of BDTF..
Biofuels : securing the planet's future energy needs
Environmental impact of household biogas plants in India : local and global perspective
Synthetic fuels and light olefins from biomass residues, carbon dioxide and electricity : Performance and cost analysis
The biogas handbook : science , production and applications
Catalytic pretreatment and hydrolysis of fibre sludge into reducing sugars
Sustainable bioenergy and bioproduct : value added engineering applications
The phytotoxic effects and biodegradability of stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester
Innovative biotechnology from Sermet
The proceedings of the 1995 fall technical conference of the ASME internal combustion engine division : new technology challenges for the future. Volume 2, Simulations, controls and lubrications, ICE-vol. 25-2
SO2-ethanol-water fractionation and enzymatic hydrolysis of forest biomass
Development towards an efficient and sustainable biofuel drying
Climate for a transport change : TERM 2007: indicators tracking transport and environment in the European Union
Improvement of xylose fermentation of Saccharomyces cerevisiae
From waste to traffic fuel (W-Fuel)
The biofuels handbook
The proceedings of the 1995 fall technical conference of the ASME internal combustion engine division : new technology challenges for the future. Volume 4, Combustion and emissions ICE-vol. 25-4
Sustainable biodiesel production from microalgae cultivated with piggery wastewater
Global economic and environmental aspects of biofuels
Red, white, and green: : transforming U. S. biofuels
Application of advanced simulation methods and their combination with experiments to modeling of hydrogen fueled engine emissions potentials
Performance and exhaust emissions of a non-road diesel engine driven with different animal fat and vegetable oil based on bio-fuels
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
Sustainable LCA of biofuels : comparison of different types of biofuels in their life cycle stages
Logging residues (LR), i.e. tops, branches, and needles, are increasingly being harvested for energy production in Fennoscandia. These residues are temporarily piled on site awaiting transport. This study was undertaken to investigate effects on the soil and soil-water chemistry below different amounts of LR at two recently harvested coniferous sites in Sweden. Seven treatments were included and the studied amounts of LR ranged from no LR left on the ground to four times the estimated LR amount of the harvested stands. Two treatments included eight times the estimated LR amount of the harvested stands but here the LR were removed after 7 or 20 weeks. Soil-water samples were collected during the first six or seven growing seasons. Effects of treatment were detected in the soil water for 11 chemical variables at the northern site, and for the NO3- and Cl- concentrations at the southern site. The strongest response was generally found in the treatment with four times the estimated LR amount, for which the highest concentrations were recorded in most cases. In the first three seasons, the water flux through the LR decreased with an increasing amount of residue. Effects on the exchangeable store of Ca2+ in the mor layer and the upper 20 cm of the mineral soil was detected at both sites. At the northern site, the weight of the remaining LR, ground vegetation and all other material above the mor layer in the treatments with two and four times the estimated LR amount was roughly twice the corresponding weights at the southern site seven years after treatment. Although strong effects on the soil-solution chemistry were detected at one of the study sites, in the treatments corresponding to two and four times the estimated logging residue amount, the effect on the leaching from an entire regeneration area is likely to be relatively small given the percentage of the area hosting these logging residue amounts (ca. 20% after stem-only harvesting and 9% after fuel-adapted felling).
Biofuels in the European Union : development of a common policy
Building a Collaborative Network for Smooth Market Penetration for Finnish Bioenergy Companies in Africa : Case: MHG Systems Oy/Feedstock Optimum Ltd
Socio-economic impacts of bioenergy production
Distribution, characteristics and potential of biomass-dense thinning forests in Sweden
Biofuels in the energy supply system
Analysis of policy options and implementation measures promoting electricity from renewable biomass in the European Union
Comparative study of the performance and emission characteristics of biodiesels from different vegetable oils with diesel
Towards climate-responsible peatlands management
Executive summary (s. 11-23).
Bioenergian tuottajat 2015 = Biopower and heat producers 2015.
Pretreatment techniques for biofuels and biorefineries
Alternative fuels utilization program : transportation technologies
Biogas technology
Developing Biofuel Production from Food Industry Wastes in the Rural Area of Kenya.
Run your diesel vehicle on biofuels : a do-it-yourself guide
Solid wood-based fuels in energy production in Finland
Maximum biomass use and efficiency in large-scale cofiring - PUUT31
Quantitative Characterization of Biogas Quality : A Study of Biogas Quality at Stormossen Oy
Catalytic reduction of NO by CO : experimental determination of kinetics over three solid samples from CFB boilers
Solid and liquid biofuels markets in Finland : a study on international biofuels trade : IEA Bioenergy Task 40 and Eubionet II : country report of Finland
Behaviour of mercury from coal, biofuels and wastes during pyrolysis and combustion
Biogas composition and upgrading to biomethane
Study of particulate matter-, NOx- and hydrocarbon emissions from a diesel engine fueled with diesel oil and biodiesel with fumigation of hydrogen, methane and propane
Enhancement of biomass and lipid production of microalgae in mixed populations in waste water  : suitability to wastewater purification and biomass and lipid
An overview of biorefineries in Finland
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Using biodiesel in Yellowstone National Park : final report of the truck in the park project
Discourse analysis on mass media news articles about second-generation biofuels
Wood for bioenergy : forests as a resource for biomass and biofuels
Bioethanol Potential of Preserved Biowaste
Development of novel fixed-bed gasification for biomass residues and agrobiofuels
Soil and soil-water chemistry below different amounts of logging residues at two harvested forest sites in Sweden
The proceedings of the 1995 fall technical conference of the ASME internal combustion engine division : new technology challenges for the future. Volume 3, Alternative fuels and natural gas, ICE-vol. 25-3
Market analysis of second-generation bioethanol in Vietnam : implication for business options
Customersʼ expectations and experiences in changing over to woodfuel heating
Deactivation effects of biofuels on SCR catalysts
US Baseline briefing book : projections for agricultural and biofuel markets
Handbook of diesel engines
Forest biomass resources and technological prospects for the production of second-generation biofuels in Finland by 2020
Market conditions for commercial distribution of biogas as transportation fuel
Stump removal to control root rot in forest stands : a literature study
Fischer-Tropsch synthesis from bio-syngas models over cobalt and cobalt-iron alumina supported catalysts
Effects of several biofuels on the particle size distributions of an off-road diesel engine
New approaches to the governance of natural resources : insights from Africa
Biodiesel : Production and Properties
Biofuel drying as a concept to improve the energy efficiency of an industrial CHP plant
Biodiesel production technologies
Renewable Energy : Sustainable Concepts for the Energy Change
Carbon sinks and climate change : forests in the fight against global warming
Land acquisitions and foreign direct investment - challenges and opportunities for developing countries : case study of Kisarawe District, Tanzania; focusing small scale farmers
Reshaping American agriculture to meet its biofuel and biopolymer roles
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions : characterization and comparison to other combustion units
Characterisation of organic materials for incineration residues
The proceedings of the 1995 fall technical conference of the ASME internal combustion engine division : new technology challenges for the future. Volume 1, New technology and design, ICE-vol. 25-1
Analysis of policy options and implementation measures promoting electricity from renewable biomass in the EU
Chemical characterization in the biorefinery of lignocellulose : formation and management of oxalic acid and analysis of feedstocks for bioethanol production
Biofuels : alternative feedstocks and conversion processes
How to make biodiesel
Wood-based energy in the northern forests
From the fryer to the fuel tank : the complete guide to using vegetable oil as an alternative fuel
Traditional fossil fuels such as diesel and gasoline have been dominating the transport fuel industry for decades. However in a situation where policies and agreements on reducing greenhouse emissions and increasing the use of renewable energy are made, it is likely that sustainable sources of energy will be increasing their market share, eventually completely or partly replacing fossil energy sources. The commissioner of this thesis operates a local biogas plant. The plant processes organic waste to produce biogas which can be refined into a transport fuel. The commissioner is planning on starting commercial distribution of biogas as a transport fuel in the year 2016. The aim of this thesis was to study and analyze the overall market conditions of biogas as transport fuel and provide recommendations on what marketing activities should be implemented by the commissioner. Thesis was made by conducting a secondary research using the available written sources and the access to industry knowledge acquired by of the commissioner. The marketing recommendations were made after conducting multiple strategic analyses, applying theory of B2B marketing, and taking notice of the realities and resources of a relatively small company. As a conclusion of this study, the commissioner was recommended to implement organized personal selling activities with the support of well-designed owned, earned and paid media. Relationship marketing practices should be implemented in order to maximize customer retention. The overall strategy of how and where to sell the product should be precisely decided, and some strategic insight and findings which were made during the research process are also presented in the report.
Advanced biofuels and bioproducts
Recycling of biomass ashes / Heribert Insam, Brigitte A. Knapp (editors)
Analysis of procurement processes and volumes
Essentials of Energy Technology : Sources, Transport, Storage and Conservation
Analysis of closed cycle gas turbines for biomass fuel
Biomass energy in rural households : consumption patterns and perceptions of women
Fluidized bed reactors help increase the use of biomass residues
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Socioeconomic and environmental impacts of biofuels : evidence from developing nations
Conditioning of SO2-ethanol-water (SEW) spent liquor from lignocellulosics for ABE fermentation to biofuels and chemicals
Electrochemical technologies for energy storage and conversion. Vol. 1 & Vol. 2
Towards sustainable and efficient biofuels production : use of pervaporation in product recovery and purification
Modeling carbon sequestration and timber production in a regional case study
Assessing the sustainability of liquid biofuels from evolving technologies : a Finnish approach
The aims of this study were to determine the phytotoxicity of stored rapeseed (Brassica rapa) oil (RSO) and rapeseed oil methyl ester (RME) after "spill like" contamination on the growth of barley (Hordeum vulgare) and the biodegradability of these substances in OECD 301F test conditions and in ground water. Rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester were both stored for a period of time and their fuel characteristics (e.g. acid number) had changed from those set by the fuel standards and are considered to have an effect on its biodegradation. The phytotoxicity was tested using two different types of barley cultivars: "Saana" and "Vilde". The phytotoxic effect on the barley varieties was determined, after the growth season, by measuring the total biomass growth and the mass of 1000 kernels taken from the tests plots. Also visual inspection was used to determine what the effects on the barley growth were. These measurements suggest that both RSO and RME have a negative impact on barley sprouts and therefore the total growth of the barley. RSO and RME both decreased the total amount of harvested phytomass. The weight of 1000 kernels increased with low concentrations of these contaminants and high contamination levels reduced the mass of the kernels. The results of these experiments suggest that the stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester are both phytotoxic materials and therefore will cause substantial loss of vegetation in the case of a fuel spill. The RSO and RME biodegraded effectively in the measurement period of 28 days under OECD test conditions: the degree of biodegradation being over 60%. The biodegradation in the ground water was much slower: the degree of biodegradation being about 10% after 28 days.
Tiivistelmä: Customersʻ ecpectations and experiences in changing over to woodfuel heating.
Saccharomyces cerevisiae hiivan ksyloosifermentaation tehostaminen.
Particle and NOx emissions from a HVO-fueled diesel engine
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Effects of rotation period on biomass production and atmospheric CO2 emissions from broadleaved stands growing on abandoned farmland
Results from a durability test of a mustard seed oil driven tractor engine
Greenhouse impact assessment of some combustible fuels with a dynamic life cycle approach
Chemical and biochemical catalysis for next generation biofuels
Woodbased fuels in small-scale regional heating plants
Renewable energy targets, forest resources, and second-generation biofuels in Finland
Bioenergy in Europe : implementation of EU directives and policies relating to bioenergy in Europe and RD&D priorities for the future
Cultivation of spirulina maxima as feedstock for biofuels production : hydrolysis and fermentation of the biomass to bioethanol
Bioenergy for sustainable development in Africa
Biofuels for traffic feedstock evaluation in the Satakunta region
Zero-carbon energy Kyoto 2010 : proceedings of the second international symposium of global COE program "Energy science  in the age of global warming - toward CO2 zero-emission energy system"
Fuel oil quality properties of wood-based pyrolysis liquids
