http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3892 pride
pride
Pride : the seven deadly sins
Blush : faces of shame
Explication as simplification : universal tendencies in the translation of FID
The hare and the tortoise
Culture specificity in film translation : the case of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice
A natural history of the romance novel
Death comes to Pemberley : a novel
Happily ever after : celebrating Jane Austen's Pride and prejudice
Pride and prejudice : notes by Geoffrey Nash
With the rise of pride - national pride, gay pride, black pride, fat pride - shame, the "sickness of the soul," has acquired a bad reputation. While the repudiation of some forms and consequences of societal shame are undoubtedly necessary, Elspeth Probyn contends that this emotion is a powerful resource in rethinking who we are and who we want to be. When we blush, we are driven to question what we value about ourselves and why. Blush argues that we are all born with a capacity for shame, much as we are born with the capacity for anger or pride, and that shame, like these other emotions, can be good for us and reveal the good in us. Painfully introspective, shame demands that we question our actions and our relationship to others. Shame's physical manifestation - the blush - gives us away, connecting us to our humanity. What shames us says a great deal about our character as individuals and as a society, about our past and our desires for the future. Written in an engaging and personal style, Blush combines psychology and cultural criticism, sociology and popular science, to present a unique perspective on debates about the ethics and emotion of identity.
The excess of heroism in tragic drama
One smart fish
Pride, prejudice and Jasmin Field
Justified pride? : metaphors of the word pride in English language corpora, 1418-1991
I'm the best
Jane Austen's Pride and prejudice : a sourcebook
""While the history books are filled with tales of obsessive visionary geniuses who remade the world in their image with sheer, almost irrational force, I've found that history is also made by individuals who fought their egos at every turn, who eschewed the spotlight, and who put their higher goals above their desire for recognition." --from the prologue"--
Pemberley : or Pride and Prejudice continued
Death comes to Pemberley
Mr. Darcy, vampyre
My dad's the coolest
Pride and prejudice and zombies : the classic regency romance - now with ultraviolent zombie mayhem
""While the history books are filled with tales of obsessive visionary geniuses who remade the world in their image with sheer, almost irrational force, I've found that history is also made by individuals who fought their egos at every turn, who eschewed the spotlight, and who put their higher goals above their desire for recognition." --from the prologue   Many of us insist the main impediment to a full, successful life is the outside world. In fact, the most common enemy lies within: our ego. Early in our careers, it impedes learning and the cultivation of talent. With success, it can blind us to our faults and sow future problems. In failure, it magnifies each blow and makes recovery more difficult. At every stage, ego holds us back.  Ego Is the Enemy draws on a vast array of stories and examples, from literature to philosophy to his&shy;tory. We meet fascinating figures such as George Marshall, Jackie Robinson, Katharine Graham, Bill Belichick, and Eleanor Roosevelt, who all reached the highest levels of power and success by con&shy;quering their own egos. Their strategies and tactics can be ours as well.  In an era that glorifies social media, reality TV, and other forms of shameless self-promotion, the battle against ego must be fought on many fronts. Armed with the lessons in this book, as Holiday writes, "you will be less invested in the story you tell about your own specialness, and as a result, you will be liberated to accomplish the world-changing work you've set out to achieve.""--
Ego is the enemy
Many of us insist the main impediment to a full, successful life is the outside world. In fact, the most common enemy lies within: our ego. Early in our careers, it impedes learning and the cultivation of talent. With success, it can blind us to our faults and sow future problems. In failure, it magnifies each blow and makes recovery more difficult. At every stage, ego holds us back. Ego Is the Enemy draws on a vast array of stories and examples, from literature to philosophy to his­tory. We meet fascinating figures such as George Marshall, Jackie Robinson, Katharine Graham, Bill Belichick, and Eleanor Roosevelt, who all reached the highest levels of power and success by con­quering their own egos. Their strategies and tactics can be ours as well. In an era that glorifies social media, reality TV, and other forms of shameless self-promotion, the battle against ego must be fought on many fronts. Armed with the lessons in this book, as Holiday writes, "you will be less invested in the story you tell about your own specialness, and as a result, you will be liberated to accomplish the world-changing work you've set out to achieve.
First impressions
Shame and pride : affect, sex, and the birth of the self
Philosophic pride : Stoicism and political thought from Lipsius to Rousseau
Fifty & fabulous! : the best years of a woman's life
Chick lit : the new woman's fiction
The year of reading dangerously : how fifty great books (and two not-so-great ones) saved my life
Pride and prejudice
Hörönlöröä! - Shifts in the first Finnish translation and the two retranslations of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice
The vanitas still life of Harmen Steenwyck : metaphoric realism / Kristine Koozin
Longbourn
Longbourn : a novel
