http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3890 university campuses
university campuses
Abstract: Cooperation strategy for the University Science Park of the University of Zilina.
Bright satanic mills : universities, regional development, and the knowledge economy
Oppiva kampus : How to co-create campus?
Campus central de la ciudad universitaria: National Autonomous University of Mexico
Managing the university campus ; information to support real estate decisions
Third Circumpolar Universities Cooperation Conference 30.11.1992-3.12.1992 : abstracts
External engagement and institutional adjustment : an evaluation of the University of Turku
Main building of the University of Technology : project desription
The nine elements of a sustainable campus
Regional role of the University of Kuopio : self-evaluation report
The Finnish competition state and entrepreneurial policies in the Helsinki region
A comparative study on campus sustainability in higher education sector in Hong Kong and Finland
Haunted halls : ghostlore of American college campuses
Universities and regional engagement
Dangerous liaisons : preserving post-war modernism in city centers
Alvar Aalto architect. Volume 16, Jyväskylä University 1951–71
The University of the Arctic. Organization of a feasibility study proposed by a task force appointed by the Circumpolar Universities Association: document 1
Understanding and preventing campus violence
Genius loci : School of Economics : its architecture, design and art
University architecture
Alvar Aalto architect. [Volume 13], University of Technology, Otaniemi, 1949-74
Kampus keskellä kaupunkia = A campus in the middle of the city
The Otaniemi Chapel : the XX International Carlo Scarpa Prize for Gardens ; [... edited by Domenico Luciani and Patrizia Boschiero ; translation: John Millerchip ... et al.]
Campus guide : architecture, history and attractions at the University of Jyväskylä
Porvoo and the whole region of Itä-Uusimaa is constantly growing and becoming a more and more important factor in the metropolitan area. To meet future demands a new campus is going to be built in Porvoo in 2010. The planning work is being done in co-operation with the city of Porvoo, two universities of applied sciences, i.e. Laurea and HAAGA-HELIA, and Posintra, a regional development company. The aim of the thesis was to find out what expectations international students had on the new campus. Data were collected by means of questionnaires consisting of relevant questions. The questionnaire included open questions and the students could freely respond and express their own thoughts. The theoretical framework of the thesis comprises three main fields: Itä-Uusimaa as a region, campuses in general and HAAGA-HELIA from the international viewpoint. The region was described and a swot analysis was made of it. Campuses in general were discussed and some examples on both domestic and international campuses were presented. There is also information on HAAGA-HELIA and its international activities. The questionnaire was handed to the first, second and third year international students who study at HAAGA-HELIA Porvoo. The third year students were not that eager to answer the questionnaire. The reason to that was that they are about to graduate and will therefore not study at HAAGA-HELIA in 2010. After analysing the answers from the respondents it was clear that the students wanted the New Porvoo Campus 2010 to be big enough, with a bigger library, bigger cafeteria with a larger number of seats, and with dormitories within the area of the new campus. When asked about the free time activities and hobbies most of the respondents wanted to find a gym and also space to practice different sports like football and basketball.
Modern meets classical on the campus of Alvar Aalto
The old Seminaarinmäki fills up little by little : many faces of Jyväskylä campus
Dangerous liaisons : preserving post-war modernism in city centers : conference on 15-17 February 2001 in Helsinki, Finland
The meaning of the lawn : Thomas Jefferson's design for the University of Virginia
Porvoo Campus and the international students' expectations
Näkymätön kaupunki : toteutumattomia suunnitelmia 1900-luvun Turusta = The invisible city : unrealized plans from the 20th century Turku
The search for identity : some mid-20th Century University Campuses
Sweet synergy - transcending traditional boundaries
Territoriality, place and space
Working papers
Arctic sustainable arts and design
Brotherhood : gay life in college fraternities
The Barents Region's Universities Cooperation Conference 20-21 April, 1995, University of Lapland, Rovaniemi, Finland : conference report
Learning regional engagement : a re-evaluation of the third role of Eastern Finland universities
A university of the Arctic : the feasibility study. Document 3, Linking the north : selected profiles of higher education institutions
New universities and regional context : papers from an international seminar held at Sundsvall, Sweden, 14-18 June, 1992
Cooperation strategy for the University Science Park of the University of Zilina
Towards regionally responsive universities : an evolutionary perspective
The Circumpolar Mobility Program : north2north : a proposal for the development of a circumpolar student mobility program north2north, for the University of the Arctic
The role of universities in regional innovation systems : a Nordic perspective
University of the Arctic : an integrated plan : for the implementation of Bachelor of Circumpolar Studies, Arctic Learning Environment, and the Circumpolar Mobility Program
The college "Y" : student religion in the era of secularization
Research reports
Building Alma Mater : Alvar Aalto and the Otaniemi Campus
Brand new university : im(possible)-perfection
The Arctic Centre : challenges for the future : a report by the Arctic Centre Planning Committee
Sustainability on campus : stories and strategies for change
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
Yliopisto kaupungin keskustassa = A university in the city centre
Yliopistoa rakentamassa = Att bygga universitetet = Building the University
Progressing external engagement : a re-evaluation of the third role of the University of Turku
Hunters : Destiny rising
Clean campus doping in China : reasons for the use of doping
Universities, innovation and  the economy
Oppiva kampus : how to co-create campus?
IX konferenciâ po sotrudničestvu pripolârnyh universitetov "Globalizaciâ i ustojčivoe razvitie pripolârnogo Severa" : materialy meždunarodnoj konferencii, Petrozavodsk, 13-16 sentâbrâ 2005 goda = The 9th circumpolar universities co-operation conference "Globalization and sustainable development of the circumpolar North", Petrozavodsk, September 13-16, 2005 : proceedings
External impact of the University of Turku : self-evaluation report
Alvar Aalto architect. [Volume 16], Jyväskylä University, 1951-71
The physical university : contours of space and place in higher education
Peter Walker and partners : landscape architecture : defining the craft
Åbo Akademi institutsbyggnad = Åbo Academy institute building
Self-evaluation report on the regional impact of the University of Joensuu : Evaluation project of the impact of Eastern Finland universities and the Mikkeli campus
A university of the Arctic : the feasibility study. Document 2, Minutes of the working group meeting in Rovaniemi, Finland, 27-29 January 1998
Geography of innovation in Europe and Finland : empirical studies on innovation indicators and regional development
Promoting regional engagement of universities : experiences of A.S.A.P. work package 4
Latitude : university of Lapland magazine
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
Abstract: Regional role of the University of Kuopio.
Innovation, universities, and the competitiveness of regions
Using the unused : spaces for Aalto University's creative community
From Seminaarinmäki to Ylistönrinne : architecture, history and art on Jyväskylä University campus
Alvar Aalto architect. Volume 13 : University of Technology, Otaniemi 1949-74
Tapping the riches of science : universities and the promise of economic growth
The speed of light
University of the Arctic : the northern research forum : a feasibility report
Yliopiston Helsinki = University architecture in Helsinki
CBUR
The founding of the University of Oulu and its effects upon regional development
A faint cold fear
The response of higher education institutions to regional needs
Branding the campus : art, architecture, design, politics of identity
Stomp the yard : homecoming
Silmin nähden : taideteoksia Turun yliopiston arkkitehtuurissa = Art in architecture at the University of Turku
Stomp the yard
Off-campus library services : selected readings from Central Michigan University's off-campus library services conferences
Summary: Alma Mater of the North : role of the University of Oulu in higher education and in society.
Helsingin yliopisto - kampusten yliopisto = University of Helsinki - university of campuses
The role of circumpolar universities in northern development : proceedings of the First Annual Conference of the Association of Circumpolar Universities : Thunder Bay, Ontario, November 24 - 26, 1989.
Haaga-Helia on Porvoo campus : bridging learners
