http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p39 occupation (military operations)
occupation (military operations)
Dubcek's blueprint for freedom : his original documents leading to the invasion of Czechoslovakia
Under the black umbrella : voices from colonial Korea, 1910-1945
Military occupation of Eastern Karelia by Finland in 1941-1944 : was international law pushed aside?
TRUE WAR  & COMBAT STORIES. In the summer of 1962, one year after the rise of the Berlin Wall, a group of daring young West Germans risked prison, Stasi torture and even death to liberate friends, lovers, and strangers in East Berlin by digging tunnels under the Wall. Then, as the world's press heard about the secret projects, two television networks raced to be the first to document them from the inside, funding two separate tunnels for exclusive rights to film the escapes. In response, President John F. Kennedy and his administration, wary of anything that might raise tensions and force a military confrontation with the Soviets, maneuvered to quash both documentaries.
Blood of honour
The garden of evening mists
Abstract.
Occupied Guernsey : July 1940 - December 1942
Norway and the Second World War
Soviet military power in the Baltic area
Journal
Küüditamine Eestist Venemaale : juuniküüditamine 1941 & küüditamised 1940-1953 = Deportation from Estonia to Russia : deportation in June 1941 & deportation in 1940-1953
"From the #1 New York Times bestselling author comes Kristin Hannah's next novel. It is an epic love story and family drama set at the dawn of World War II. She is the author of twenty-one novels. Her previous novels include Home Front, Night Road, Firefly Lane, Fly Away, and Winter Garden"--
The Prague spring 1968
Homefront : ultimate editon : PlayStation 3
The house on paradise street
The last days of new Paris
The hotel on Place Vendôme : life, death, and betrayal at the Hôtel Ritz in Paris
Village of secrets : Defying the Nazis in Vichy France
Nonviolent resistance in Lithuania : a story of peaceful liberation
The code of international armed conflict. 2
The graffiti of the Intifada : a brief survey
Tibet and its history
A Surrealist bomb transfigures war-torn Paris into a phantasmagoric dreamscape, unleashing a race of nightmarish creatures.
The Israeli solution : a one-state plan for peace in the Middle East
End of the beginning
The Assassins' gate : America in Iraq
Military activities and the environment : the Soviet army in Estonia 1939-1994
Eesti tee vabadusele = Estonia's way to freedom
The continuing challenge of the Hungarian situation to the rule of law : supplement to the report of the International Commission of Jurists published in April 1957.
Leaving Berlin : a novel
The greatest escape : how one French community saved thousands of lives from the Nazis
Hero on a bicycle : a novel
In the light of morning
The Norman conquest : a very short introduction
Not another Transnistria : how sustainable is separatism in Eastern Ukraine?
Annexation of the Baltic States = L'Annexion des Etats Baltes
The nightingale
The night watch
Corelli`s Mandolin
Documents on Germany under occupation 1945-1954
Along Lenins bright road
The Intifada : causes and factors of continuity
The Baltic Refugees
Farewell : a mansion in occupied Istanbul
The German occupation of the Channel Islands
Baltic refugees and displaced persons
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
The sunrise
The yellow birds
The morning gift
Once upon a country: a Palestinian life
The Dutch under German occupation 1940-1945
Avenue of spies : a true story of terror, espionage, and one American family's heroic resistance in Nazi-occupied France
Between shades of gray
Nazi Paris : the history of an occupation, 1940-1944
The Baltic states 1940-1972 : documentary background and survey of developments presented to the European Security and Co-operation Conference
Roman Britain : life at the edge of empire
The book of lies
Diary of the dark years, 1940-1944 : collaboration, resistance, and daily life in occupied Paris
The darkest hour : a novel
Suite Francaise : Storm in June
The anti-soviet resistance in the Baltic states
The hidden light of objects
Mornings in Jenin
Denmark during the German occupation
Latvia and the Baltic problem : sketch of recent history
Tokyo seven roses. Volume II
The dead of the night
These names accuse : nominal list of Latvians deported to Soviet Russia in 1940-41
Surrender, occupation, and private property in international law : an evaluation of US practice in Japan
On a September day in Manhattan in 1939, twenty-something Caroline Ferriday is consumed by her efforts to secure the perfect boutonniere for an important French diplomat and resisting the romantic advances of a married actor. Meanwhile across the Atlantic, Kasia Kuzmerick, a Polish Catholic teenager, is nervously anticipating the changes that are sure to come since Germany has declared war on Poland. As tensions rise abroad - and in her personal life - Caroline's interest in aiding the war effort in France grows and she eventually comes to hear about the dire situation at the Ravensbruck all-female concentration camp. At the same time, Kasia's carefree youth is quickly slipping away, only to be replaced by a fervor for the Polish resistance movement. Through Ravensbruck - and the horrific atrocities taking place there told in part by an infamous German surgeon, Herta Oberheuser - the two women's lives will converge in unprecedented ways and a novel of redemption and hope emerges that is breathtaking in scope and depth.
The police in occupation Japan : control, corruption and resistance to reform
All the light we cannot see : a novel
The aftermath
The jungle is neutral : a soldier's three-year jungle escape from the Japanese Army
Under another sky : journeys in Roman Britain
The Alexander memoirs 1940-1945
Mind against the wall : Essays on Lithuanian culture under soviet occupation
Credibility gab : Australia and Timor Gap treaty
Resistance to the occupation of Lithuania : 1944-1990
Soviet-occupied Estonia 1961 : monthly reports
All this will be lost
I am an Estonian : The Baltics and the metamorphoses of the Russian empire
The laurels of Lake Constance
Collaboration and resistance during the Holocaust : Belarus, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania
East Timor, West Papua/Irian and Indonesia
"Viann and Isabelle have always been close despite their differences. Younger, bolder sister Isabelle lives in Paris while Viann lives a quiet and content life in the French countryside with her husband Antoine and their daughter. When World War II strikes and Antoine is sent off to fight, Viann and Isabelle's father sends Isabelle to help her older sister cope. As the war progresses, it's not only the sisters' relationship that is tested, but also their strength and their individual senses of right and wrong. With life as they know it changing in unbelievably horrific ways, Viann and Isabelle will find themselves facing frightening situations and responding in ways they never thought possible as bravery and resistance take different forms in each of their actions. Vivid and exquiste in its illumination of a time and place that was filled with great monstrosities, but also great humanity and strength, Kristin Hannah's novel will provoke thought and discussion that will have readers talking long after they turn the last page"--
The Prague spring 1968 : a national security archive documents reader
For the cause of socialism : documents, statements by state and party leaders of the Soviet Union and Czechoslovakia, and press reports
The hunger winter : occupied Holland 1944-5
In search of suitable political leadership : Japanese conservatives in occupation plans and policies 1942–1947
Nonviolence and Israel/Palestine
Grenada : the world against the crime
Soviet-occupied Estonia 1959 : monthly reports
The Baltic peoples want to exist. 4.
Estonia : highlights on history, independence and Soviet occupation
A German community under American occupation : Marburg 1945-52
Cursed victory : a history of Israel and the occupied territories
The Sunrise
Butcher and bolt
Fighters in the shadows : a new history of the French Resistance
Lietuvos naikinimas ir ginti = The destruction and defence of Lithuania
Worlds of exile and illusion
The wind is not a river
Baltic opposition
The gift of rain
Welcome to an occupied country : documentation and translation of an exhibition published by the Executive Committee First World Congress of Latvian Youth, Berlin, July 26-31, 1968.
The sunrise : a novel
The Gestapo at work in Norway
Anna and the Swallow Man
Afghanistan : agony of a nation
The United States in Germany 1944-1955
The abacus and the sword : the Japanese penetration of Korea 1895-1910
The occupation and annexation of Latvia 1939-1940 : documents and materials
How I live now
Vianne and Isabelle have always been close despite their differences. Younger, bolder sister Isabelle lives in Paris while Viann lives a quiet and content life in the French countryside with her husband Antoine and their daughter. When World War II strikes and Antoine is sent off to fight, Viann and Isabelle's father sends Isabelle to help her older sister cope. As the war progresses, it's not only the sisters' relationship that is tested, but also their strength and their individual senses of right and wrong. With life as they know it changing in unbelievably horrific ways, Viann and Isabelle will find themselves facing frightening situations and responding in ways they never thought possible as bravery and resistance take different forms in each of their actions. Vivid and exquiste in its illumination of a time and place that was filled with great monstrosities, but also great humanity and strength, Kristin Hannah's novel will provoke thought and discussion that will have readers talking long after they turn the last page / Libarary of Congress.
Jewish resistance in nazi-occupied Eastern Europe, with a historical survey of the Jew as fighter and soldier in the diaspora
The new order and the French economy
The Baltic states under Stalinist rule
Countrymen
The rape of Nanking : the forgotten holocaust of World War II
The other side of paradise
Homefront : Ultimate editon : Xbox 360
The Baltic states 1940-1972 : documentary background and survey of developments presented to the European Security and Cooperation Conference
The Berlin blockade : a study in cold war politics
Chronicle in stone
The conquerors
The long silence : the tragedy of occupied France in World War I
A farewell to arms
Riik malelaual : Saksa okupatsioon Eestis 1941-1944 : Eesti Ajaloomuuseumi näituse kataloog = Castles and pawns : the German occupation of Estonia 1941-1944 : Estonian History Museum exhibition catalogue
The fall of the stone city
Homefront : the revolution : (PS4)
Basing his extensive research into hitherto unexploited archival documentation on both sides of the Rhine, Allan Mitchell has uncovered the inner workings of the German military regime from the Wehrmacht's triumphal entry into Paris in June 1940 to its ignominious withdrawal in August 1944. Although mindful of the French experience and the fundamental issue of collaboration, the author concentrates on the complex problems of occupying a foreign territory after a surprisingly swift conquest. By exploring in detail such topics as the regulation of public comportment, economic policy, forced labor, culture and propaganda, police activity, persecution and deportation of Jews, assassinations, executions, and torture, this study supersedes earlier attempts to investigate the German domination and exploitation of wartime France. In doing so, these findings provide an invaluable complement to the work of scholars who have viewed those dark years exclusively or mainly from the French perspective.
I, Pierre Seel, deported homosexual : a memoir of Nazi terror
Communist takeover and occupation of Estonia : special report no.3 of the select committee on communist aggression. House of representatives, eighty-third congress, second session, under authority of H. Res. 346 and H. Res. 438.
A farewell to arms : the special edition
The code of international armed conflict. 1
The good German : a novel
Norway and the second world war
Latvians: Fight for survival
A girl made of dust
The rise of the Baltic question
Potsdamas ir Lietuva dega : aštuoniomis kalbomis apie Lietuva̧ = Potsdam and Lithuania are burning. In eight languages regarding Lithuania
The tunnels : the untold story of the escapes under the Berlin Wall
To walk with the devil : Slovene collaboration and Axis occupation, 1941-1945
The Baltic states and the Soviet Union : reprinted from a report of the Council of Europe, with a preface and supplementary comments
A guide to German fortifications on Guernsey
The darkest hour
The romans in Britain
The three occupations of Latvia 1940-1991 : soviet and nazi take-overs and their consequences
An American in Japan 1945-1948 : a civilian view of the occupation
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Eisenhower's guerillas : the Jedburghs, the Maquis, and the liberation of France
Prague's 200 days : the struggle for democracy in Czechoslovakia
The Baltic peoples want to exist. 1.
Facts on the captive countries
The Intifada : causes and effects
Tomorrow when the war began
The king's peace
Baltic states : a study of their origin and national development, their seizure and incorporation into the U.S.S.R. : third interim report of the Select Committee on Communist Aggression : House of Representatives, eighty-third Congress, second session, 1954, under the Authority of H.Res.346 and H.Res.438
Appeal of the Representatives of the Baltic Nations to the General Assembly of the United Nations
Worlds of exile and illusion : Rocannon's world ; Planet of exile ; City of illusions
The development of the law of belligerent occupation 1863-1914 : a historical survey
An elephant in the garden
Nobody told us we are defeated : stories from the new Iraq
Six determined Australian teenagers try to find their missing friends while continuing to resist the enemies who have invaded their country.
