http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3906 affluence
affluence
The millionaire next door : the suprising secrets of American wealthy
Prosperity and depression : a theoretical analysis of cyclical movements
Why we can't afford the rich
& sons : a novel
Abstract.
Inequality in Britain : freedom, welfare and the state
Energy, complexity and wealth maximization
Blue remembered earth
Social inequality
Money, morality, and culture in late medieval and early modern Europe
A fundamentally subversive doctrine : a look at the "social responsibility of business"
The affluent consumer : marketing and selling the luxury lifestyle
The nudist on the late shift
The distribution of wealth in Finland in 1800
On household wealth trends in Sweden over the 1990s
The politics of inequality in Russia
Blue remembered Earth
Think like a champion : an informal education in business and life
Longbourn
Richistan : a journey through the American wealth boom and the lives of the new rich
Plenitude : the new economics of true wealth
International perspectives on household wealth
A sharp critique of the ultra-wealthy Americans who have contributed to today's economic conditions and heightened economic inequities.
"Why aren't I as wealthy as I should be?" Many people ask this question of themselves all the time. Often they are hard-working, well educated middle- to high-income people. Why, then, are so few affluent. For nearly two decades the answer has been found in the bestselling The Millionaire Next Door: The Surprising Secrets of America's Wealthy, reissued with a new foreword for the twenty-first century. According to the authors, most people have it all wrong about how you become wealthy in America. Wealth in America is more often the result of hard work, diligent savings, and living below your means than it is about inheritance, advance degrees, and even intelligence. The Millionaire Next Door identifies seven common traits that show up again and again among those who have accumulated wealth. You will learn, for example, that millionaires bargain shop for used cars, pay a tiny fraction of their wealth in income tax, raise children who are often unaware of their family's wealth until they are adults, and, above all, reject the big-spending lifestyles most of us associate with rich people. In fact, you will learn that the flashy millionaires glamorized in the media represent only a tiny minority of America's rich. Most of the truly wealthy in this country don't live in Beverly Hills or on Park Avenue-they live next door.
The rich : from slaves to super-yachts : a 2000-year history
Happiness : lessons from a new science
The reserve
The distribution of wealth
The High-Beta Rich : how the manic wealthy will take us to the next boom, bubble, and bust
Inequality : a contemporary approach to race, class, and gender
Sex, money, happiness, and death : the quest for authenticity
Handbook on wealth and the super-rich
The moral demands of affluence
Rich dad poor dad : what the rich teach their kids about money - that the poor and middle class do not!
The distribution of pension wealth and the accuracy of individual perceptions in Finland
Rich is beautiful : a very personal defence of mass affluence
How much is enough? : money and the good life
Stop acting rich : ...and start living like a real millionaire
The social network business plan : 18 strategies that will create great wealth
Living standards and the wealth of nations : successes and failures in real convergence
Creating wealth from knowledge : meeting the innovation challenge
Londongrad : from Russia with cash the inside story of the oligarchs
Black asset poverty and the enduring racial divide
Thirteen moons : a novel
The science of getting rich : the secret guide to financial success!
Requirements for a next generation online wealth management
Rich dad's cashflow quadrant : rich dad's guide to financial freedom
Democracy distorted : wealth, influence and democratic politics
Rich and poor
The interface between intellectual property and competition law : balancing business practices and innovation for greater economic welfare
Social stratification is the grouping of people based on income, wealth, political influence and other characteristics. Widely recognized categories such as upper, middle and lower class reflect the presence of social stratification in all societies. Inequality refers to the inevitable disparities in people's positions in this structure. The research presented in this book ranges from studies of income and wealth disparities to analyses of the nature of the class system. This textbook reflects a hybrid approach to studying stratification. It addresses the knowledge accumulated by stratification scholars and challenges students to apply this information to their social world. The authors include a wide range of topics and provide current research to round out their discussions. Each chapter includes a list of key concepts, questions for thought, suggested exercises and multimedia resources.
Rich dad, poor dad : what the rich teach their kids about money - that the poor and middle class do not!
Top incomes : a global perspective
Doing more with less : the new way to wealth
Married by morning
Pax Romana : war, peace and conquest in the Roman world
Reading the Bible across contexts : Luke's gospel, socio-economic marginality, and Latin American Biblical hermeneutics
Wealth and the wealthy : exploring and tackling inequalities between rich and poor
As Jeff Madrick makes clear, the single-minded pursuit of huge personal wealth has been on the rise in the United States since the 1970s, led by a few individuals who argue that self-interest guides society more effectively than community concerns. In telling the stories of these politicians, economists, and financiers who declared a moral battle for freedom but instead gave rise to an age of greed, Madrick traces the lineage of some of our nation's most pressing economic problems. He begins with Walter Wriston, head of what would become Citicorp, who led the battle against government regulation. He examines the ideas of economist Milton Friedman, who created the plan for an anti-Rooseveltian America; the politically expedient decisions of Richard Nixon that fueled inflation; the philosophy of Alan Greenspan, on whose libertarian ideology a house of cards was built on Wall Street; and Sandy Weill, who constructed the largest financial institution in the world, which would have gone bankrupt in 2008 without a federal bailout.--From publisher description.
Bailout : an inside account of how Washington abandoned Main Street while rescuing Wall Street
Crass struggle : greed, glitz, and gluttony in a wanna-have world
Christianity, consumerism and the market
Future wealth
The mistress of Paris : the 19th-century courtesan who built an empire on a secret
Age of greed : the triumph of finance and the decline of America, 1970 to the present
Longbourn : a novel
Trump : think like a billionaire
Wallace D. Wattles' the science of getting rich : a modern-day interpretation of a personal finance classic
Stuff matters : genius, risk and the secret of capitalism
"After the last set of business scandals and financial busts, many powerful interests and many influential people are asking questions about doing more with less, from governments to multinational corporations; they are seeking this realignment in hopes of regaining their balance. Doing More with Less is an actionable call to arms, with global insights -- that are of immediate application to professionals in any industry -- into new ways to better align money, people, and rules. Author, Bruce Piaceski, convincingly lays out the case for a return to frugality, providing relevant examples from his thirty years of experience as a management consultant and change agent. Piaceski deftly explains how this approach to competition is relevant, and provides readers with the framework to look at what's next without tottering toward failure"--
Think big and kick ass in business and life
The $10 trillion prize : captivating the newly affluent in China and India
How much is enough? : hungering for God in an affluent culture
Theology of money
Anatomy of a disappearance
The Pax Romana provided a remarkable period of peace and stability, rarely seen before or since. Yet the Romans were first and foremost conquerors, imperialists who took by force a vast empire stretching from the Euphrates in the east to the Atlantic coast in the west. They were aggressive and ruthless, and during the creation of their empire millions died or were enslaved. But the Pax Romana was real, not merely the boast of emperors, and some of the regions in the Empire have never again lived for so many generations free from major wars. So what was the Pax Romana and what did it mean for the people who found themselves brought under Roman rule? Adrian Goldsworthy tells the story of the creation of the Empire, revealing how and why the Romans came to control so much of the world and asking whether the favourable image of the Roman peace is a true one.
The science of getting rich : attracting financial success through creative thought
