http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3908 societal policy
societal policy
Living the urban challenge : sustainable development and social sustainability in two southern megacities
Looking for the european interest
Halls of jade, walls of stone : women in China today
What is Europe's future
The challenges of the Medvedev era
"The WHO Regional Office for Europe prepared this economic analysis tool to support adaptation planning to protect health from the negative effects of climate change in European Member States. It is based on a review of the science, and provides step-by-step guidance on estimating: (a) the costs associated with damage to health due to climate change; (b) the costs for adaptation in various sectors to protect health from such damage; and (c) the efficiency of adaptation measures: the cost of adaptation versus the expected returns, or averted health costs. The tool is expected to be applied in Member States mainly by ministries responsible for climate-change adaptation. It consists of a document describing the methods step-by-step and a manual with an Excel spreadsheet, which is a visual aid for calculating costs. Requests for the Excel spreadsheet should be sent by e-mail to climatechange@ecehbonn.euro.who.int."
Agendas, alternatives, and public policies
The new politics of communist China : modernization process of a developing nation
Public enterprise defended : against the conservative attack on public enterprise
Getting Russia wrong : the end of Kremlinology
The dual structure and mentality of Vladimir Putin's power coalition : a legacy for Medvedev
How to reform the UN climate negotiations? : perspectives from the past, present and neighbour negotiations
The withering of the welfare state : regression
Innovation and the state : political choice and strategies for growth in Israel, Taiwan, and Ireland
Taxation and government quality
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Earth Summit +5 : special session of the General Assembly to review and appraise the implementation of Agenda 21, New York, 23-27 June 1997
Victorian political thought
Zhongguo zhengfu baipishu. (2) / (2) / Compiled by Information Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China
The economists' voice : top economists take on today's problems
Richer futures : fashioning a new politics
The British Labour movement 1770-1920
New paradigms in public policy
Watergate : the Corruption and Fall of Richard Nixon
The Latin American peasant
The triangular relationship between the social, the political and the cultural has opened up social and political theory to new challenges. The social can no longer be reduced to the category of society, and the political extends beyond the traditional concerns of the nature of the state and political authority. This Handbook will address a range of issues that have recently emerged from the disciplines of social and political theory, focusing on key themes as opposed to schools of thought or major theorists. It is divided into three sections which address: the most influential theoretical traditions that have emerged from the legacy of the twentieth century the most important new and emerging frameworks of analysis today the major theoretical problems in recent social and political theory. The Routledge International Handbook of Contemporary Social and Political Theory encompasses the most up-to-date developments in contemporary social and political theory, and as such is an essential research tool for both undergraduate and postgraduate students, as well as researchers, working in the fields of political theory, social and political philosophy, contemporary social theory, and cultural theory.
The Nordic model of social democracy
Thinking ecologically : the next generation of environmental policy
Studying educational and social policy : theoretical concepts and research methods
The American political process
"While there is no denying that the world has made huge progress against absolute poverty over the last 200 years, until recent times the bulk of that progress had been made in wealthy countries only. The good news is that we have seen greater progress against poverty in the developing world in recent times-indeed, a faster pace of progress against extreme poverty than the rich world saw over a period of 100 years or more of economic development. However, continuing progress is far from assured. High and rising inequality has stalled progress against poverty in many countries. We are seeing generally rising relative poverty in the rich world as a whole over recent decades. And even in the developing world, there has been less progress in reaching the poorest, who risk being left behind, and a great many people in the emerging middle class remain highly vulnerable to falling back into poverty. The Economics of Poverty strives to support well-informed efforts to put in place effective policies to assure continuing success in reducing poverty in all its dimensions. The book reviews critically the past and present debates on the central policy issues of economic development everywhere. How much poverty is there? Why does poverty exist? What can be done to eliminate poverty? Martin Ravallion provides an accessible new synthesis of current knowledge on these issues. It does not assume that readers know economics already. Those new to economics get a lot of help along the way in understanding its concepts and methods. Economics lives though its relevance to real world problems, and here the problem of global poverty is both the central focus and a vehicle for learning"--
'The Public Policy Process' describes how public policy is made. This new edition offers a fundamental revision of the earlier text, with a closer emphasis on the complexity of the policy making process and it also pays more attention to variations in policy content and institutional context.
Housing and Public Policy : citizenship, choice and control
Out of the horrors of war : Disability Politics in World War II America
Decision science and social risk management : a comparative evaluation of cost-benefit analysis, decision analysis, and other formal decision-aiding approaches
Social policy and society : a journal of the Social Policy Association
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
The press and multiparty politics in Africa
Towards capitalist restoration? : Chinese socialism after Mao
The Dynamics of regional development : the Philippines in East Asia
New paradigm for interpreting the Chinese economy : theories, challenges and opportunities
White Trash : The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America
"An overview of the economic development of and policies intended to combat poverty around the world"--
Big agenda : President Trump's Plan to Save America
America in controversy : history of American public address
Hungary on the road of socialist construction : 1948-1958 : chapters from the history of the Hungarian workers' movement
Corporate social-responsibility and environmental management
"This book seeks to understand the tenuous relationship between social indicators and aid dynamics; the advancing of the gender agenda through Afghanistan's 2005 parliamentary elections; and the journey from policy formulation to interpretation to implementation through the voices of policy-makers, policy implementers, NGO leaders, and Afghanistan specialists. The final chapter is voices of Afghan women and men"--Provided by publisher.
Zhongguo zhengfu baipishu = White papers of the Chinese government. 1, 1991-1995
Social cohesion, securitization and counter-terrorism
A new deal for tribal India
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
Authority, responsibility and justice in environmental politics : papers from the 8. Nordic environmental social science research conference June 18-20, 2007 : Workshop 1
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Perspectives to global social development
The political economy of HIV/AIDS in developing countries : TRIPS, public health systems and free access
The double crisis of the welfare state and what we can do about it
"ACSM's Health/Fitness Facility Standards and Guidelines" presents the current standards and guidelines that help health and fitness establishments provide high-quality service and programme offerings in a safe environment. This fourth edition includes new standards and guidelines for pre-activity screening, orientation, education and supervision. A key benefit to the new edition is that it will assist health and fitness facility managers, owners and staff in keeping to a standard of operation, client care and service that will assist members and users in caring for their health through safe and appropriate exercise experiences.
Questioning the Finnish model - forms of public engagement in building the Finnish information society
"Through a practical introduction to the policies of the American welfare state--a wide-ranging subject much discussed but seldom described--this slim volume details the four main areas of social welfare policy: housing assistance, nutrition assistance, income assistance, and medical assistance. In plain, approachable language, author Brian J. Glenn explains, for example, how Section 8 housing vouchers function, what WIC is, the Medicare program, and what Temporary Aid to Needy Families does. It is written in a manner that allows a complete novice to understand these programs in a brisk and comprehensive fashion that is both short enough to assign over a couple of nights in a course and yet detailed enough for the programs to be understood at a quite nuanced level. Due to federalism, many of these programs differ, sometimes dramatically, from locality to locality, and thus in order to understand how these programs function, Glenn looks at the support a poor household would receive in five cities: Boston, Houston, Kansas City, Los Angeles, and New Orleans. This covers not only a geographic spread, but also the range of programs from those on the higher end of the spectrum to those at the lowest levels of support, giving the reader a feel for the range of funding levels and also the variety of different ways programs can be implemented. In short, this book is will be a handy teaching and research tool that a professor can assign over a night or two to fill a huge gap in the literature on a subject that many want to teach but lack the knowledge and resources to do"--
The institutional foundations of public policy in Argentina
The ethics of influence : government in the age of behavioral science
Unemployment in history : economic thought and public policy
The green budget : an emergency programme for the UK
The analysis of policy impact
The welfare state in Europe has been reformed gradually over the past two decades, with the intensification of the economic and monetary union and the addition of fifteen new members to the EU. This book explores the pressures that have been placed on the welfare state through a variety of insightful and thought-provoking contributions.
The dawn of modern Korea : the transformation in life and cityscape
Weakening welfare : the public distribution of food in India
The Urban impacts of federal policies
Now we have a basis for a library strategy in Europe
Changing qualities of Chinese life
Displacement of social policies
"In recent years, 'Nudge Units' or 'Behavioral Insights Teams' have been created in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, and other nations. All over the world, public officials are using the behavioral sciences to protect the environment, promote employment and economic growth, reduce poverty, and increase national security. In this book, Cass R. Sunstein, the eminent legal scholar and best-selling co-author of Nudge, breaks new ground with a deep yet highly readable investigation into the ethical issues surrounding nudges, choice architecture, and mandates, addressing such issues as welfare, autonomy, self-government, dignity, manipulation, and the constraints and responsibilities of an ethical state. Complementing the ethical discussion, The Ethics of Influence: Government in the Age of Behavioral Science contains a wealth of new data on people's attitudes towards a broad range of nudges, choice architecture, and mandates"--
Comparative public policy : the politics of social choice in Europe and America
Resilience: an all-encompassing solution to global problems? A biopolitical analysis of resilience in the policies of EC, FEMA, UNDP, USAID, WB, and WEF
China candid : the people on The People's Republic
"In many non-Western contexts, modernization has tended to be equated with Westernization, and hence with an abandonment of authentic indigenous identities and values. This is evident in the recent history of many Asian societies, where efforts to modernize - spurred on by the spectre of foreign domination - have often been accompanied by determined attempts to stamp national variants of modernity with the brand of local authenticity: 'Asian values', 'Chinese characteristics', a Japanese cultural 'essence' and so forth. Highlighting (or exaggerating) associations between the more unsettling consequences of modernization and alien influence has thus formed part of a strategy whereby elites in many Asian societies have sought to construct new forms of legitimacy for old patterns of dominance over the masses. The apparatus of modern systems of mass education, often inherited from colonial rulers, has been just one instrument in such campaigns of state legitimation. This book presents analyses of a range of contemporary projects of citizenship formation across Asia in order to identify those issues and concerns most central to Asian debates over the construction of modern identities. Its main focus is on schooling, but also examines other vehicles for citizenship-formation, such as museums and the internet; the role of religion (in particular Islam) in debates over citizenship and identity in certain Asian societies; and the relationship between state-centred identity discourses and the experience of increasingly 'globalized' elites"-- Provided by publisher.
Models for the interaction between education and society
Vietnam since the fall of Saigon
From welfare to innovation : STI policies under the spotlight
Futures report of the Government to Parliament. Part 2, Skill and fair play -  an active and responsible Finland
The social values of Christianity in the area of politics and the contribution of the Interparliamentary Assembly on Orthodoxy (I.A.O.) for raising such values : essys
Economy, ethnicity and international migration : the comparison of Finland, Hungary and Russia
State and society : social exclusion and inclusion in Nepal
Catalonia calling : what the world has to know
The economics of social problems
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Japanese welfare society : analysing the Japanese welfare discourses
European employment models in flux : a comparison of institutional change in nine European countries
Gender and international aid in Afghanistan : the politics and effects of intervention
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
The unintended consequences of social action
Open Ukraine : changing course towards a European future
This book offers a brand-new perspective on human trafficking as an illegal business. It also proposes a new form of networked action: combining the perspectives of academic researchers with those of highly skilled professionals involved in policymaking in this area, this book is a unique contribution and a first step toward a networking paradigm, promoting collaboration in preventing and combating human trafficking crime, and in raising awareness of this ongoing problem. This book was born within the CINETS group ? Crimmigration Control International Net of Studies (www.crimmigrationcontrol.com), which was established in 2011 with the aim of bringing together expertise from different fields, professions, universities and countries. It aims to form a new paradigm for sharing knowledge and advancing research on topics related to human trafficking, crimmigration control, immigration and crime, immigrant detention and all types of violence that may affect victims of crimes, helping to create a fairer society.
The politics of world politics
Land investments, accountability and the law : lessons from West Africa
Colonial rule and crisis in Equatorial Africa : Southern Gabon, ca. 1850-1940
Modern China : the mirage of modernity
The new way of the world : on neoliberal society
Understanding public policy
Social development : theory & practice
Development planning : the Indian experience
The Routledge handbook of the welfare state
Governing technology for sustainability
"The Routledge Handbook of Chinese Media is a prestigious reference work providing an overview of the study of Chinese media. The editors bring together an interdisciplinary perspective with contributions from an international team of renowned scholars on subjects such as television, journalism and the internet and social media. Locating Chinese media within a regional setting by focusing on 'Greater China', the People's Republic of China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and overseas Chinese communities; the chapters highlight the convergence of media and platforms in the region and emphasise the multi-directional and trans-national character of media and information flows in East Asia"-- Provided by publisher.
The Labour party since 1945
The politics of poverty reduction
New hopes for a changing world
What is worthy in climate politics? : justifying moral claims in the french media and civil society
"Male menopause" : the birth of a new illness?
Social justice isn't what you think it is
Politics and society in the USSR
The myth of scientific public policy
Spirits in politics : uncertainties of power and healing in African societies
Zhongguo zhengfu baipishu = White papers of the Chinese government. 3, (2000-2001)
The masterless : self & society in modern America
The business environment
What next? : surviving the twenty-first century
Foreign affairs : Espoo
Young adult failure to thrive syndrome
Human well-being : challenges for the 1980s social, economic and political action : proceedings of the XIXth International Conference on Social Welfare, Jerusalem, Israel, August 18-24, 1978.
The failure of the security paradigm in Syria : the human security perspective
Urban gardening and civic cultivation : the environmental organization Dodo promoting the urban gardening practice
"The NHS, education, social care, local government, employment services, social housing and benefits for the poor face major challenges from a government determined to entrench a radical and divisive liberalism permanently in British public life. This book analyses the immediate challenges from headlong cuts that bear most heavily on women, families and the poor, and from a root-and-branch restructuring which will fragment and privatize the bulk of public services. It sets this in the context of escalating inequalities and the longer-term pressures from population ageing. It demonstrates that a more humane and generous welfare state that will build inclusiveness is possible by combining policies that limit child poverty, promote more equal outcomes from health care and education, introduce a greater contributory element into social benefits, invest in better child and elder care and address low wages and workplace rights. It analyses the political forces that can be marshalled to support these shifts and shows that, with political leadership, the welfare state can attract mass support." --Publisher's descrition.
The European mosaic : contemporary politics, economics and culture
A theory of political obligation : membership, commitment, and the bonds of society
The man in the high castle
The new class war
Governance, development, and social work
Construction of cultural policy
Limits to forecasting : towards a theory of forecast errors = Grenzen aan het Voorspellen : een Theorie van Voorspelfouten
Morality policies in Europe : concepts, theories and empirical evidence
Production income and welfare : the search for an optimal social order
Conflict and transformation : the United States, 1844-1877
Regions and innovation policy
Routledge handbook of Chinese media
Putin and the rise of Russia
Event history analysis in life course research
Finnish yearbook of population research. 46, 2011
The government of the Soviet Union
Poland : the quest for new identity and competitive advantage
The public policy process
Public policy and social conditions
Frame reflection : toward the resolution of intractable policy controversies
African perspectives : practices and policies supporting sustainable development
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Cleaning operations : excluding Roma in Greece
Tradition in Chinese politics : the Party-state’s reinvention of the past and the critical response from public intellectuals
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
Foreign agents in Russia : discoursive analysis on foreign agents in Russia
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
World at risk
Nanotechnology : new promises, new dangers
Societal accounting
Illegal drugs, economy and society in the Andes
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
Globalisation, global justice and social work
The underlying causes of forest decline
Routledge international handbook of contemporary social and political theory
Postwar Vietnam : dynamics of a transforming society
Police, policing, policy and the city in Europe
The quiet rebel : women at work in a man's world
Regional policy in Lithuania
A recipe for a better life : experiences from the Nordic countries
Comparative public policy : patterns of post-war transformation
Poor people
Assessments are to change the world : prerequisites for effective environmental health assessment
Who rules the earth? : how social rules shape our planet and our lives
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
The premise of this volume is that business regulations are expected to grow in the near future as a consequence of the emergence of a (world) risk society. Risks related to terrorism, climate change, and financial crises, for example, will penetrate all conditions of life. Increasingly, the decisions and actions of some bring about risks for many in this era of globalization. Controlling these risks implies managing the world through high-quality regulation, with a particular emphasis on businesses and financial institutions. Central to this approach is the argument that a major, if not the primary, aim of regulation is to internalize externalities, or in a broader context, to repair market failure. Such repair can only be accomplished when the costs are smaller than the welfare gains. Featuring contributions from researchers and policy analysts from the fields of economics, management, law, sociology, political science, and environmental policy, this book focuses on three major topics: social risks and business regulation preconditions for better business regulation, theoretical issues related to better business regulation collectively, the authors demonstrate that the easier it is for regulated businesses to comply at the lowest costs possiblewithout jeopardizing the related public goalsthe greater the degree of compliance. When successful, the net result is a balance of individual and collective net benefits, and by further implication, sustainable business practice and economic growth.
Reflections on the revolution in Europe
The postmodern and political agency
Policy analysis : concepts and practice
Education policy, space, and the city : markets and the (in)visibility of race
Climate change and health : a tool to estimate health and adaptation costs
The Sage handbook of governance
The American welfare state : a practical guide
From stagnation to forced adjustment : reforms in Greece, 1974-2010
Needs, rights and social development
Tarbiya : education and politics in Islamic movements in Jordan and Malaysia
The Chinese Machiavelli : 3000 years of Chinese statescraft
White paper on education and training : teaching and learning : towards the learning society
The future for social policy in a global context : why the south now needs to take the lead
Toward a planned society : from Roosevelt to Nixon
More human : designing a world where people come first
The crisis of welfare in East Asia
Matthew and the margins : a sociopolitical and religious reading
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLVI, 2011
Violence in Canada : sociopolitical perspectives
A Finland fit for children : the National Finnish Plan of Action called for the special session on children of the UN General Assembly
Thailand's boom and bust
Big business and the state : historical transitions and corporate transformation, 1880s-1990s
Conversations with God : an uncommon dialogue. Book 1 : guidebook
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
A study on the "Second Phase" of community information society policy
"Climate change and its attendant environmental catastrophes--droughts, wildfires, floods, heat waves, and so on--are no longer a looming threat; they're here, now. In this age of well-warranted environmental panic, every trip to the grocery store or purchase from Amazon must become a full-scale research project. Are these tomatoes local? Is this water bottle BPA-free? Did I remember to bring a canvas tote, or will I have to risk contributing to landfills by accepting a plastic bag? The ethos that one person's choices can make a difference is admirable, but ultimately misguided. In Who Rules the Earth?, Paul F. Steinberg, one of America's leading scholars on the politics of environmentalism, draws from the latest social science research to explain why there is room for hope. Green consumer choices and changes in personal lifestyles are important, but they are not nearly enough.Lasting social change requires modifying the very rules that guide human behavior and shape the ways we interact with the Earth. We know these rules by familiar names like city ordinances, product design standards, purchasing agreements, public policies, cultural norms, or national constitutions. Though these rules are largely invisible to us, their impact across the world has been dramatic. By changing the rules, the Canadian province of Ontario cut the levels of pesticides in its waterways in half. The city of Copenhagen has adopted new planning codes that will reduce its carbon footprint to zero by 2025. In the United States, a handful of industry mavericks designed new rules to promote greener buildings, and transformed the world's largest industry into a more sustainable enterprise.Steinberg takes the reader on a series of journeys, from a familiar walk on the beach to a remote village deep in the jungles of Peru, helping the reader to "see" the social rules that pattern our physical reality and showing why these are the big levers that will ultimately determine the health of our planet. Unveiling the influence of social rules at all levels of society-from private property to government policy, and from the rules governing our oceans to the dynamics of innovation and change within corporations and communities-Who Rules the Earth? is essential reading for anyone interested in bringing about real environmental change"--
The challenge of politics : an introduction to political science
The economics of poverty : history, measurement, and policy
Israeli war widows : beyond the glory of heroism
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
The new right : the counter-revolution in political, economic and social thought
The responsibility of the pariah : the impact of Bernard Lazare on Arendt's conception of political action and judgement in extreme situations
Zhongguo zhengfu baipishu = White papers of the Chinese government. 4, (2002-2004)
The illegal business of human trafficking
Economic theory and policy in Finland 1914-1925 ; Erin E. Jucker-Fleetwood
Enhancing partnerships towards effective strategies on DDRR : proceedings of the second national consultation workshop on the use of child soldiers in the Philippines : 09-12 November 2003, Lauremar Beach Hotel Opol, Misamis Oriental
Russia now ranks among the world's ten largest economies and continues to experience rapid growth. Industrial investment and real incomes are soaring. Federal finances are in excellent shape, giving the government a welcome opportunity to invest in long-term development of human capital, improvement of living conditions and bolstering of the country's infrastructure. Fixing Russia, however, is not without its challenges. For long-neglected sectors such as health care and education, financial infusions alone will be insufficient to bring change - structural reforms are needed. Double-digit inflation has also returned after slowing throughout most of the 2000s. The rise in prices has been driven by a global increase in food prices, along with a number of domestic factors. Finland has benefited from Russia's economic growth, and exports to Russia have risen rapidly even with the loss of market share to competitors. Energy's significance for the Russian economy remains large and the country has huge opportunities to improve its efficiency of energy use and production through e.g. price deregulation. While the direction is clear, the road ahead for Russia will not be easy. Russia seeks to become a leading global innovator over the medium term - a perhaps overambitious goal given the starting point.  Key words: Russia, economy, social issues, foreign trade, energy.
Globalization and development : rethinking interventions and governance
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
American education : an introduction to social and political aspects
Policy analysis and problem-solving for social systems : toward understanding, monitoring, and managing complex real world problems
Initial findings from the IEA International civic and citizenship education study
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
Central and Eastern European media in comparative perspective : politics, economy and culture
Industrial relations : a textbook
Dilemmas : coping with environmental problems
Routledge handbook of Russian politics and society
The end of power : from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn't what it used to be
Preventing the future : why was Ireland so poor for so long?
Forum on public policy : a journal of the Oxford Round Table
Promoting education within the context of a neo-patrimonial state : the case of Nigeria
Island China
Better business regulation in a risk society
The real North Korea : life and politics in the failed Stalinist utopia
Social determinants of indigenous health
Authoritarian modernization in Russia : ideas, institutions, and policies
Who cares? and how? : futures of caring societies
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
Roots of the Scandinavian model : images of progress in the era of modernisation
Socio-economic models and policies to support active citizens : Czech Republuc and Europe
No future without forgiveness
Russia 2030 based on contracts
The notion of Nordic model as a framework for comparative knowledge
East Timor : beyond independence
The sustainable enterprise : profiting from best practice
The changing welfare state in Europe : the implications for democracy
Global environmental governance, technology and politics : the Anthropocene Gap
This book reviews the policy implications of some of the most challenging developments in British society: climate change, ageing, greater ethnic and religious diversity, the debate about community and local area politics, democratisation, the international financial crisis, and the growth of popular disillusion with politics and politicians.
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
Foreign agents in Russia : discoursive analysis on foreign agents in Russia 2012-2013
Black asset poverty and the enduring racial divide
The opportunities and comfortable lifestyle available to most Australians have been denied to generations of Indigenous people. As a result some of Australia's original inhabitants suffer from what has been described as Fourth World' standards of health. This is out of place in a country that prides itself on egalitarianism and a fair go for all. Shifting the focus from individual behaviour, to the social and political circumstances that influence people's lives and ultimately their health, helps us to understand the origins of poor health. It can also guide action to bring about change. Social Determinants of Indigenous Health offers a systematic overview of the relationship between the social and political environment and health. Highly respected contributors from around Australia examine the long-term health impacts of the Indigenous experience of dispossession, colonial rule and racism. They also explore the role of factors such as poverty, class, community and social capital, education, employment and housing. They scrutinise the social dynamics of making policy for Indigenous Australians, and the interrelation between human rights and health. Finally, they outline a framework for effective health interventions, which take social factors into consideration. This is a groundbreaking work, developed in consultation with Indigenous health professionals and researchers. It is essential reading for anyone working in Indigenous health. --Publisher's description.
Development communication policy and economic fundamentalism in Ghana
Politics for a new generation : the progressive moment
