http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3905 solidity (economics)
solidity (economics)
Insurance solvency supervision : OECD country profiles
The capital requirements for banks were revised recently to improve the financial system's resilience to shocks. What remains is the finalisation of the reforms and the specification of implementation. The assessment and monitoring of the overall impact of regulation is important to ensure fair competition between banks and the financial system's ability to support sustainable economic growth..
International financial co-operation : political economics of compliance with the 1988 Basel accord
The Solvency II Handbook : Practical Approaches to Implementation
Projections of pension fund solvency under alternative accounting regimes
The impact of new capital requirements on the portfolio decisions of Finnish pension institutions
Handbook of solvency for actuaries and risk managers : theory and practice
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
Reform of bank capital regulation enters final phase
Solvency : models, assessment and regulation
The report of the Working Group on Insurance Companies' Solvency : life insurance
European banking union
Key management ratios : the 100+ ratios every manager needs to know
Why didn't they teach me this in school? : 99 personal money management principles to live by
Capital income taxation and resource allocation
Achieving financial stability in Asia
The new Basel accord, some potential implications of the new standards for credit risk
The consequences of the new Basel capital accord for the Swedish rating agencies
Simulation-based stress testing of banks' regulatory capital adequacy
How should the countercyclical capital buffer requirement be applied?
Capital adequacy regulation and financial conglomerates
"Financial Enterprise Risk Management provides all the tools needed to build and maintain a comprehensive ERM framework. As well as outlining the construction of such frameworks, it discusses the internal and external contexts within which risk management must be carried out. It also covers a range of qualitative and quantitative techniques that can be used to identify, model and measure risks, and describes a range of risk mitigation strategies. Over 100 diagrams are used to help describe the range of approaches available, and risk management issues are further highlighted by various case studies. A number of proprietary, advisory and mandatory risk management frameworks are also discussed, including Solvency II, Basel III and ISO 31000:2009. This book is an excellent resource for actuarial students studying for examinations, for risk management practitioners and for any academic looking for an up-to-date reference to current techniques"--
A value-at-risk approach to banks' capital buffers : an application to the new Basel Accord
Should new or rapidly growing banks have more equity?
Housing loan risk weights affect banks' capital adequacy
Risk weights help to establish each bank's minimum own funds relative to lending, ensuring the bank's ability to cover the related credit risk. The risk weight calculation method chosen by the bank may have a significant effect on capital requirements and ultimately on the price of credit. A harmonised calculation of housing loan risk weights would support fair competition between banks..
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
The countercyclical capital buffer requirement is one of the new macroprudential instruments that will come into use in Finland. It enables the strengthening of the banking sector's resilience to systemic risks resulting from excessive credit growth. In setting the requirement, strong emphasis should be placed on a small range of indicators to be selected, defined and published in advance. In contrast, reducing or releasing the buffer should primarily be based on judgment by the relevant authorities..
The Impact of BIS regulation on market risk management : Comparison of standardized method and internal models approach
Essays on Finnish municipal finance and intergovernmental grants
An introduction to economic capital
Solvency in financial accounting
Credit risk management and Basel II : an implementation guide
