http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3903 lack of means
lack of means
Cash and care : policy challenges in the welfare state
A Christmas wish
Many children left behind : how the No Child Left Behind Act is damaging our children and our schools
Life at the bottom : the worldview that makes the underclass
The cultures of economic migration : international perspectives
Disability and poverty / : a global challenge
Social tourism in Europe : theory and practice
Poverty in world history
This book explores the issues surrounding girls and young women who are seen as troubled or troublesome. It sets out to further our understanding of young women who face or cause difficulties, offering a diverse and complex view. Recognising the increasing importance of schools as the primary source of support for girls and young women, the chapters discuss the implications for practice of teachers and other professionals, covering important issues like: girls' classroom behaviour, mental health problems, violence and sexuality, exclusion and community offences.
The brass teapot
Abstract.
Making the work-based safety net work better : forward-looking policies to help low-income families
The role of social assistance as means of social inclusion and activation : a comparative study on minimum income in seven Europe[a]n countries. Report 4, Activation policies in the context of social assistance
Poverty and insecurity : life in low-pay, no no-pay Britain
Trends on the relationship between low income and low expenditure in Finland 1966-2001
Changing poverty, changing policies
Work, consumerism and the new poor
This paper reports findings from the study that examined the role of family in children's acquisition of early reading skills. We recruited 72 first-grade learners and their parents from low-income Zambian families for the study. In response to a home literacy questionnaire, parents reported on their reading attitudes and family literacy environment. Children's early reading skills were assessed using two early reading tests (orthographic awareness and decoding competence), both conducted at two different points during the year. Regression analyses of pretest and gain scores revealed that parental reading attitude and family literacy environment significantly predicted early reading skills. These findings suggest that the family is an important element in the children's process of learning to read. Implications of the findings are discussed.
Poverty and home ownership in contemporary Britain
This book is about being disabled and being poor and the social, cultural and political processes that link these two aspects of living. Environmental barriers, limited access to services and discriminatory attitudes and practice are among key elements that drive disabled people into poverty and keep them there. 'Disability and poverty' explores the lived realities of people with disabilities from across the developing world and examines how the coping strategies of individuals and families emerge in different contexts. It is aimed at the disability community, academics and policy makers in poverty and global welfare.
Scarcity and frontiers : how economies have developed through natural resource exploitation
Innovation co-creation in base of the pyramid business
'Problem' girls : understanding and supporting troubled and troublesome girls and young women
Ballet shoes : a story of three children on the stage
Micro insurance and the interface between insurers and insured households : an analysis of the Afat Vimo Partner-Agent Model of micro insurance in Gujarat, India
Education and child labour in developing countries : a study on the role of non-governmental organisations in Bangladesh and Nepal
"Throughout much of history, a critical driving force behind global economic development has been the response of society to the scarcity of key natural resources. Increasing scarcity raises the cost of exploiting existing natural resources and creates incentives in all economies to innovate and conserve more of these resources. However, economies have also responded to increasing scarcity by obtaining and developing more of these resources. Since the agricultural transition over 12,000 years ago, this exploitation of new 'frontiers' has often proved to be a pivotal human response to natural resource scarcity. This book provides a fascinating account of the contribution that natural resource exploitation has made to economic development in key eras of world history. This not only fills an important gap in the literature on economic history but also shows how we can draw lessons from these past epochs for attaining sustainable economic development in the world today"--
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
The worst thing about my sister
Amsterdam's reputation as a city of prostitutes is age old.The Burgher and the Whore is the story of the red light district in the Golden Age, bringing to life the relationships between men and women, and providing a fascinating account of what it was like to inhabit the greatest city of its day.
The burgher and the whore : prostitution in early modern Amsterdam
Law and policy reform at the Asian Development Bank. Vol. 2.
Getting the measure of poverty : the early legacy of Seebohm Rowntree
Finance, development, and the IMF
Role of Family on Pathways to Acquiring Early Reading Skills In Lusaka's Low-Income Communities
Buying a promise : microinsurance in India - case Allianz
Poverty and quality of life among single parents : experiences of social assistance clients
Behind the beautiful forevers
The dramatic and sometimes heartbreaking story of families striving toward a better life in one of the twenty-first century's great, unequal cities. In this fast-paced book, based on three years of uncompromising reporting, a bewildering age of global change and inequality is made human. Annawadi is a makeshift settlement in the shadow of luxury hotels near the Mumbai airport, and as India starts to prosper, Annawadians are electric with hope. Abdul, a reflective and enterprising Muslim teenager, sees fortune in the recyclable garbage of richer people. Asha, a woman of formidable wit and deep scars from a rural childhood, has identified an alternate route to the middle class: political corruption. And even the poorest Annawadians, like Kalu, a fifteen-year-old scrap-metal thief, believe themselves inching closer to good times. But then, as the tenderest individual hopes intersect with the greatest global truths, the true contours of a competitive age are revealed.--From publisher description.
Tiny sunbirds far away
