http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3909 technology policy
technology policy
Molecular politics : developing American and British regulatory policy for genetic engineering, 1972-82
Ethics and technology : innovation and transformation in community contexts
America identified : biometric technology and society
Science, technology and free trade
Should Finland introduce an R&D tax credit? : reflections based on experience with Norwegian R&D policy
Handbook of global technology policy
The emergence of biotechnology : institutions and markets in industrial innovation
Assessing the European Union science diplomacy towards India 2009-2013 : from an experimental pilot initiative into a political dialogue
Science and technology for development : report of the Nineteenth United Nations Issues Conference
In order to be responsive to the ideas of new governance, governments have seen the demands of policy integration as increasingly important. In Finland, both regional policy and technology policy have received hegemonic positions. Regional policy had a key role in the welfare state programme that supported equal rights and opportunities, and only slowly promoted structural change in industry. Technology policy has been taken as an evidence of Finland&rsquo;s rapid transformation into a competitive high-tech and market-driven country that has adopted the knowledge-based economy as the key model for further development. The Centre of Expertise Programme, a central government effort to promote technological development and competitiveness at the regional level, illustrates a shift towards technology-driven regional policy. As the programme has become internationally renowned, this paper takes a closer look at its concept, and scrutinises the kind of a model it provides for regional policy efforts. The analysis shows that the programme has a partly conflicting position at the intersection of regional and technology policies. The evolution of the programme also reflects changes in the interpretation of the regional dimension of the knowledge-based economy.
The university under the pressure of innovation policy : reflecting on European and Finnish experiences
TEKvision : a vision of Finland's development
The social control of technology
Barriers to international technology transfer
Reviews of national science and technology policy. Poland
Technology choice and the future of work : One-day symposium, Wednesday 22nd November 1978.
The Finnish Model of STI Policy : experiences and guidelines : KNOGG Thematic Network WP4 country report : Finland
Directing technology : policies for promotion and control
Appropriate technology : tools, choices and implications
International high-technology competition
Social and cultural dimensions of technological development : Psykocenter Symposium, November 3-4, 2003, University of Jyväskylä, Agora Center
Comparison of scientific and technological policies of Community Member States : Denmark : COPOL 88
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Technology policy and economic performance : lessons from Japan
Technology assessment : comparison between the Finnish practice and the practices of the five EPTA institutions
The effect of government subsidies on private R&D : evidence from georgraphic variation in support program funding
Science and technology policy in the 1980s and beyond
Regional profile of the information society in Western Asia
Market-oriented technology management : innovating for profit in entrepreneurial times
Finland as a knowledge economy 2.0 : lessons on policies and governance
Governance of innovation systems. Vol. 2, Case studies in innovation policy
Towards a knowledge-based economy : Georgia : country readiness assessment report
Summary of conclusions (s. 4-6).
Questioning the Finnish model - forms of public engagement in building the Finnish information society
Assessment of the Finnish Innovation Policy Environment : the view of SMEs practising International R&D
Innovation policy and the economy. 5
Science, technology and governance
Science and technology policy : review 1987
Innovation, imitation, growth, and capital market imperfections
OECD science, technology and industry outlook. 2004.
Towards a better understanding of innovation and industrial renewal in Finland : : a new perspective
Innovation and the environment
Summary (s. 15-21).
Creating Silicon Valley in Europe : public policy towards new technology industries
From welfare to innovation : STI policies under the spotlight
Technology assessment : an opportunity for Europe. Volume 2, Full papers
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
All governments strive to develop and implement policies that contribute to innovation. Both in academic research and policy circles, the concept of National Innovation Systems has represented a significant approach to industrial policy, research and development, and innovation. This book will review the development and implementation of this approach, and its strengths and weakness by considering the experience of Finland, widely regarded as a model of the information society, high-quality equal education, and systemic innovation policy amongst the Nordic welfare states, which themselves have increasingly topped the lists in national competitiveness. The first part of the book analyzes the foundations, emergence, and development of the National Innovation System approach and its adoption in Finnish science and technology policy throughout the 1990s and 2000s. In the second part of the book an alternative viewpoint to innovation and welfare policy is outlined, based on the idea of capability cultivating institutions as a key foundation, both for national welfare and competitiveness. The development of the Finnish comprehensive school and its special education system is studied in order to clarify the nature of institutional change and learning, and the conditions of governing and developing the enabling services. The concept of an enabling welfare state is developed to answer the challenges of the Nordic model of welfare in a globalizing knowledge-driven economy.
Technology transfer : Striling forum
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Executive summary (s. 7-10).
The Finnish competition state and entrepreneurial policies in the Helsinki region
International R&D cooperation in the EU : a solution to the technological disadvantages of small national economies?
Biopolitical screens : image, power, and the neoliberal brain
The control of technology
Optimal technology policy with imitation and risk-averting households
Technological superpower China
Comparative evaluation of science & technology policies in Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia
Academic and industrial research cooperation in Europe : report
Nuclear technology debates : proceedings from the 4S/EASST Conference in Göteborg
Technological collaboration in industry : strategy, policy and internationalization in innovation
Science, technology and society : new directions
Reviews of national science and technology policy. Republic of Korea
Innovation policy and the economy. 4
Towards a theory of socially valuable imitation with implications for technology policy
Technology assessment : an opportunity for Europe : Spain, Austria, Portugal, Ireland
High technology from Finland 1989
The technology of transition : science and technology policies for transition countries
Bio technology and the changing role of government
Impacts of national technology programmes
Governance of innovation systems. Vol. 1, Synthesis report
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
Technology assessment : an opportunity for Europe : France, United Kingdom
Finnish local technology policy in transition
OECD reviews of innovation policy : New Zealand
European science and technology policy : towards integration or fragmentation?
High technology from Finland
New technologies and social change
Technology and choice : readings from Technology and culture
Industrial espionage and technology transfer : Britain and France in the eighteenth century
The global positioning system : assessing national policies
Technology assessment : an opportunity for Europe : Greece, Norway, Netherlands, Belgium
Competition for technological leadership : EU policy for high technology
Technology policy and industrial clusters in a small open economy : the case of Finland
Tourism of tomorrow : travel trends and forces of change
China's science and technology policy, 1949-1989
Regional technology policy in Finland : paper presented at International Conference on Technology Transfer and Innovation in Mixed Economies, 27.-29. August 1990, Trondheim, Norway
Positive changes : the education, science & technology policies of Korea
High technology in Finland 1991
New technologies for enhancing competitiveness and productivity in selected sectors
OECD reviews of innovation policy : Switzerland
Research and technological innovation : the challenge for a new Europe
Science and technology policy review 1987
Industrial policy and competitive advantage. Vol. 1, The mandate for industrial policy
Futile progress : technology's empty promise
Comparison of scientific and technological policies of Community Member States : Federal Republic of Germany : COPOL 88
An outside perspective on FINPRIT programme
Autonomous technology : technics-out-of-control as a theme in political thought
Innovative clusters : drivers of national innovation systems
Reviews of national science and technology policy. Turkey
Technological risk : its perception and handling in the European community
Actor networks and instititutional conditions : the making of an artifical reproduction technology (ART) policy in a small democracy
Technology foresight in a power-oriented strategy for change : conclusions after the Romanian technology foresight exercise
China and India online : information technology politics and diplomacy in the world's two largest nations
Communicative order in the age of information technology
Top expertise and business development in the Tampere region
Towards a knowledge-based economy : Belarus : country readiness assessment report
Technology assessment : an opportunity for Europe
Despite the prevalence of government research and development (R&D) support programs, evaluation studies based on explicit differences in support allocation are rare. In this article the identification of the causal effect of government support on private R&D effort is based on regional differences in eligibility for European Union Regional Development Funds (ERDF) determined by the population-density rule. Our data is constructed by linking a broad R&D survey to administrative data on all R&D support applications in Finland over the years 2000-2006. We find evidence that the support program has induced additional private R&D among the participants who entered it as a result of higher funding in their region. Among this group one subsidy euro induced additional R&D worth at least 1.5 euro.
OECD science, technology and industry scoreboard 2007 : innovation and performance in the global economy
Europe and the new technologies : conference report, Palais de Congrès, Brussels
Technology assessment : an opportunity for Europe : the possibilities and limitations of technology assessment : a revival of technology assessment : development of technology assessment in five European countries and the United States of America
Research and development in EU forest cluster
Government's role in innovation
Technical artefacts : an ontological investigation of technology
Crick asserts that politics, with its compromises and power struggles, remains the only tested alternative to government by coercion, making both freedoma nd order possible in heterogeneous societies. For Crick, politics is necessarily imperfect, messy anmd complex, yet his book defends it against htose who would identify it with (and reduce it to) ideology, nationalism, technology or populist democracy. In this fifth edition, Crick warns us that present-day politicians are in danger of threatening both citizenship and common humanity. He discusses the popular distrust for politicians in both the UK and USA, arguing that they have lowered the level of publicdebate for short-term gain; and he discusses how suchvshort-termism is preventing timely attempts to tackle despoliation of the global environment.
OECD reviews of innovation policy : Luxembourg
Innovation tomorrow : innovation policy and the regulatory framework : making innovation an integral part of the broader structural agenda
Innovation policy and the economy. 2
Comparison of scientific and technological policies of Community Member States : Italy : COPOL 88
Capacity-building in science and technology in the third world : problems, isuues, and strategies
Reinventing technology : policies for democratic values
The European report on science and technology indicators 1994
Towards a knowledge-based economy : Armenia : country readiness assessment report
Europe and the new technologies : R & D, industry, social aspects : economic and social consultative assembly
Comparison of procedures for identifying emerging and critical technologies
New modes of governance : developing an integrated policy approach to science, technology, risk and the environment
Investing in innovation : creating a research and innovation policy that works
The innovation illusion : how so little is created by so many working so hard
Changing governance of research and technology policy : the European research area
Technology assessment : an opportunity for Europe. Volume 1, Proceedings
Integrating regional policy with technology policy - the experience of Finland
Mapping the dynamics of science and technology : sociology of science in the real world
OECD reviews of innovation policy : China
Technology assessment : an opportunity for Europe : United States of America
The silicon dragon : high-tech industry in Taiwan
Parliaments and technology : the development of technology assessment in Europe
Microelectronics : capitalist technology and the working class
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
OECD science, technology and industry outlook. 2008.
OECD reviews of innovation policy : South Africa
Regulators and competition spurring or retarding innovation in the telecommunications sector?
Background readings on science, technology, and energy R. & D. in Japan and China
From national prestige to the level of excellence
OECD science, technology and industry outlook 2002.
In Biopolitical Screens, Pasi Väliaho charts and conceptualizes the imagery that composes our affective and conceptual reality under twenty-first-century capitalism. Väliaho investigates the role screen media play in the networks that today harness human minds and bodies -- the ways that images animated on console game platforms, virtual reality technologies, and computer screens capture human potential by plugging it into arrangements of finance, war, and the consumption of entertainment. Drawing on current neuroscience and political and economic thought, Väliaho argues that these images work to shape the atomistic individuals who populate the neoliberal world of accumulation and war. Väliaho bases his argument on a broad notion of the image as something both visible and sayable, detectable in various screen platforms but also in scientific perception and theoretical ideas. After laying out the conceptual foundations of the book, Väliaho offers focused and detailed investigations of the current visual economy. He considers the imagery of first-person shooter video games as tools of "neuropower"; explores the design and construction of virtual reality technologies to treat post-traumatic stress disorder in veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan; and examines three instances of video installation art that have the power to disrupt the dominant regime of sensibility rather than reinforce it.
Technology assessment : an opportunity for Europe : Denmark, Finland, Italy, Switserland
Science, technology and innovation policies. Denmark
Polarisation and consensus : public acceptance of new technologies in the Federal Republic of Germany
Research and revolution; science policy and societal change in China
The Finnish technology policy in the 1980s : its decision-making structure and implementation
Review of recent developments in science and technology in Hungary
National innovation systems : a comparative analysis
Innovation, human capabilities, and democracy : towards an enabling welfare state
Non-renewable resources, endogenous growth, and environmental policy
The diffusion of modern technologies in Namibia
Mobilizing technology for world development
Executive summary (s. 7-16).
Comparison of scientific and technological policies of the Community Member States : the European scientific and technological "space" in the international context : resources and conditions for Community competitiveness : COPOL 88
New explorations in the economics of technical change
Resource efficiency atlas = Ressourceneffizienatlas : an international perspective on technologies and products with resource efficiency potential
Lost at the frontier : U.S. science and technology policy adrift
Abstract (1 s.).
Technology strategy of the chemical industry in Finland
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Technology transfer in Europe : public and private networks
Technology assessment : an opportunity for Europe : West Germany, Sweden
North/south technology transfer : the adjustments ahead
Technological infrastructure policy : an international perspective
Technology policy criteria and project evaluation procedures
In defence of politics
Technology assessment : an opportunity for Europe : Japan, China
Smart, fast and beautiful : on rhetoric of technology and computing discourse in Sweden 1955-1995
OECD science, technology and industry scoreboard : towards a knowledge-based economy : 2001 edition
