http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3901 wealth
wealth
Integrated wealth management : the new direction for portfolio managers
The disordered police state : German cameralism as science and practice
The wealth of the nation : the national balance sheet of the United Kingdom, 1957-1961
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-F, Property : legal precedents
Inherited wealth, justice and equality
A commentary on the constitution of the United States. 2, The rights of property
The transformation of the Roman world AD 400-900
The economics of commercial property market
Islam and ownership
Entitlement : the paradoxes of property
Plutocrats : the rise of the new global super-rich and the fall of everyone else
Plutocrats : the rise of the new global super-rich
Abstract.
The pursuit of nationalized property
Wallace D. Wattles' the science of getting rich : a modern-day interpretation of a personal finance classic
"In the book of Revelation, John appeals to the faithful to avoid the temptations of wealth, which he connects with evil and disobedience within secular society. New Testament scholars have traditionally viewed his somewhat radical stance as a reaction to the social injustices and idolatry of the imperial Roman cults of the day. Mark D. Mathews argues that John's rejection of affluence was instead shaped by ideas in the Jewish literature of the Second Temple period which associated the rich with the wicked and viewed the poor as the righteous. Mathews explores how traditions preserved in the Epistle of Enoch and later Enochic texts played a formative role in shaping John's theological perspective. This book will be of interest to those researching poverty and wealth in early Christian communities and the relationship between the traditions preserved in the Dead Sea Scrolls and New Testament"--
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 6, Chapter 2, Property and trust : Structural variations in property law
Third world options : power, security and the hope for another development
Property, power, and public choice : an inquiry into law and economics
The world distribution of household wealth
Property and wealth in classical Sparta
Restatement of the law of property. Volume 1, Introduction and freehold estates
How to be rich
The distribution of pension wealth in Finland
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-100, Property : legal precedents
Marital property regimes : thesis
Housing and family wealth : comparative international perspectives
Studies on macroeconomics and uncertainty
Prosperity and policy : Ireland in the 1990s
The little money Bible : ten laws of abundance
Modeling the distribution and intergenerational transmission of wealth
Households increasingly dependent on public transfers
Property and European integration : dimension of Article 345 TFEU
It's your money, honey : a girl's guide to saving, investing, and building wealth at every age and life stage
Work and wealth : a human valuation
Property : values and institutions
Property : cases and materials
Chasing one's tail : virtual objects as intagible assets, intangible property or intellectual property?
Enhancing the competitiveness and risk-efficiency of farm assets through holding farm/financial asset portfolios
The value of debt : how to manage both sides of a balance sheet to maximize wealth
Breaking the money barriers
The super-rich shall inherit the earth
History of the great American fortunes
Unemployment and gang crime : could prosperity backfire?
Women, property and Islam : Palestinian experience, 1920-1990
The fall of the Roman Empire and the beginning of what we call the Middle Ages was a period of tremendous change and upheaval in Europe and Byzantium. Focusing on these pivotal five centuries in European history, this wide-ranging study features essays by an international team of distinguished scholars. Their essays survey the most significant aspects of the transition from late Antiquity to the early Middle Ages: the later Roman empire, the barbarian successor states, estates and property, wealth and treasure, production and distribution, death and burial rites, cult and worship, and the transmission of ideas. The essays are accompanied by six shorter chapters based on related exhibitions in museums throughout Europe during 1997, with themes ranging from Roman villas to Scandinavian gold brooches, Byzantine burial practices to medieval Dutch hoards. Handsomely illustrated in both color and black and white, the book also contains a helpful glossary and gazetteer of principal place names.
Arrow talk : transaction, transition, and contradiction in New Guinea highlands history
The one-page financial plan : a simple way to be smart about your money
Nice girls don't get rich : 75 avoidable mistakes women make with money
This book tracks the use of a single saying of Jesus over time and among theologically divergent authors and communities and identifies six different versions of the saying in the canonical gospels and epistles, as well as the Gospel of Thomas and Q. After tracing the tradition and redaction history of this wisdom admonition, the author observes at least two distinctly different wisdom themes that are applied to the saying: the proper disposition of wealth and the search for knowledge, wisdom, or God. What he discovers is a saying of Jesus with roots in Jewish wisdom and pietistic traditions, as well as popular Greek philosophy that proved amazingly adaptable in its application to differing social and rhetorical contexts of the first century.
Consumption and wealth in Luke's travel narrative
Requirements for a next generation online wealth management
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-B, Property : legal precedents
Property and political theory
Men and wealth in the United States, 1850-1870
The International Academy of Estate and Trust Law : selected papers 1997-1999
Give and take : exchange in Wola society
Consumption and asset allocation over the life cycle
Seeking the imperishable treasure : wealth, wisdom, and a Jesus saying
Today's economic crisis is the worst since the Great Depression. However, as David Korten shows, the steps being taken to address it do nothing to deal with the reality of a failed economic system. Korten identifies the deeper sources: Wall Street institutions that have perfected the art of creating "wealth" without producing anything of real value: phantom wealth. Our hope lies not with Wall Street, Korten argues, but with Main Street, which creates real wealth from real resources to meet real needs. He outlines an agenda to create a new economy--locally based, community oriented, and devoted to creating a better life for all, not simply increasing profits. It will require changes to how we measure economic success, organize our financial system, even the very way we create money.--From publisher description.
Profit planning : for hospitality and tourism
The economics of inequality
Capital : a portrait of twenty-first century Delhi
Think and grow rich
Post-war restoration of property rights under international law. 1, Institutional features and substantive law
Property and persuasion : essays on the history, theory, and rhetoric of ownership
Essays on misplanning wealth and health : a behavioural approach
Black capitalism : strategy for business in the ghetto
Introduction to the law of property
Restatement of the law of property.. Vol. 4
Early modern conceptions of property
Patented standards and the tragedy of anti-commons
Agenda for a new economy : from phantom wealth to real wealth
Mammon's kingdom : an essay on Britain, now
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 6, Chapter 11, Property and trust : Trust
The measurement of national wealth
Restatement of the law of property. Volume 5, Servitudes
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-A, Property : legal precedents
The fortunes of Africa : a 5,000 year history of wealth, greed and endeavour
Balance of payments and international investment position
The ability of three factors to explain cross-sectional excess returns
Invisible gold in Asia : creating wealth through intellectual property
Are the healthier wealthier or the wealthier healthier? : the European evidence
Property : mainstream and critical positions
Restatement of the law of property. Vol. 3, Future interests (continued and concluded)
Innovation co-creation in base of the pyramid business
The distribution of economic well-being : conference on economic well-being, University of Michigan, 1974
"We are witnessing the greatest shift of wealth from poor to rich in history. In the United States alone, the wealthiest avoid paying an astonishing $53 billion in taxes each year. Nicholas Shaxson, in league with the Tax Justice Network, dives deep into the secret world of tax havens and takes us to hot spots from Switzerland to Panama to Delaware in a riveting narrative of how society loses through illegal tax evasion. With jaw-dropping stories and vivid explanations, Shaxson highlights the biggest players in the game, and shows how: - More than 12,750 foreign corporations get out of paying taxes each year by claiming to have offices in the same five-story building in the Cayman Islands. - One thousand children die every day as a result of illegal, trade related tax evasion. - Although billions are poured annually into Africa, corrupt officials there stow twice as much away in tax havens, making Africa a net creditor to the rest of the world. "--
The public wealth of nations : how management of public assets can boost or bust economic growth
Wealth, income and inequality
The divide : American injustice in the age of the wealth gap
The wealth of nations in two volumes. Volume two
Wives and property : reform of the married women's property law in nineteenth-century England
The stock market explained : your guide to successful investing
The human right to property
Treasure islands : uncovering the damage of offshore banking and tax havens
Wealth in America : trends in wealth inequality
Finnish yearbook of population research. 42, 2006
The wealth of nations
Property & freedom
Asian godfathers : money and power in Hong Kong and South-East Asia
The rich Christian in the church of the early empire : contradictions and accommodations
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Chapter 21, Private international law : Property
This book is about being disabled and being poor and the social, cultural and political processes that link these two aspects of living. Environmental barriers, limited access to services and discriminatory attitudes and practice are among key elements that drive disabled people into poverty and keep them there. 'Disability and poverty' explores the lived realities of people with disabilities from across the developing world and examines how the coping strategies of individuals and families emerge in different contexts. It is aimed at the disability community, academics and policy makers in poverty and global welfare.
African friends and money matters : observations from Africa
Context over consent : addressing the status of non-signatories in international commercial arbitration
Structured products in wealth management
What is property?
Uncertain labor quality and asset pricing
Disability and poverty / : a global challenge
High net worth investing : how to grow your wealth through practical asset allocation
Serious money : how to make and enjoy it
Property law. Volume 1
Money, credit and capital
Personal wealth from a global perspective
Property
The idea of property in law
Family finances in Byzantine Near East : P. Petra inv. 68.
The ideas in Barotse jurisprudence
The longer working careers and higher earnings of those now retiring have caused a rising trend in earnings-related pensions. As this has been accompanied by a strong increase in unemployment expenditure and slow growth in aggregate income from wages and salaries on account of the recession, a growing number of households now depend on current transfers. Accordingly, household income and expenditure are now less dependent on the economic cycle and countercyclical policy. In addition, the impact of monetary policy on aggregate demand is reduced by the growing role of property income in financing consumption. Contrary to the life cycle hypothesis, elderly people's savings rate has risen with age, and net wealth is highest amongst the elderly..
The economics and ethics of private property : studies in political economy and philosophy
Economic calculation and forms of property
Capitalists, workers, and fiscal policy : a classical model of growth and distribution
Introduction to the law of Israel
Warren Buffett and the art of stock arbitrage : proven strategies for arbitrage and other special investment situations
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-G, Property : legal precedents
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-D, Property : legal precedents
Impact of customer satisfaction: on the implied cost of equity capital
Framing cosmologies : the anthropology of worlds
The wealth of Anglo-Saxon England
Intellectual property and the public domain : an excursion into hyperreality?
Property relations : renewing the anthropological tradition
When the money runs out : the end of Western affluence
When tempting a rogue
Buying and selling a business for wealth / Kevin Uphill and Alex McMillan
Lectio praecursoria: privatization as a means to property redistribution in Republic of Armenia and in the Russian Federation
Post-war restoration of property rights under international law. 2, Procedural aspects
Capital in the twenty-first century
Restatement of the law of property. Volume 2, Future interests: parts 1 and 2 and index to vols 1 and 2
Households' assets
Royal finances
The principles of personal property law
The Soviet law of property : the right to control property and the construction of communism
Physical asset management
Through the eye of a needle : wealth, the fall of Rome, and the making of Christianity in the West, 350-550 AD
Rich bitch : a simple 12-step plan for getting your financial life together...finally
Plenitude : the new economics of true wealth
Riches, poverty, and the faithful : perspectives on wealth in the Second Temple period and the Apocalypse of John
Property offences : the protection of property through the criminal law
An account of the ways wealth was accumulated and the forms it took in Anglo-Saxon England, with emphasis on recent developments in the study of Anglo-Saxon coins and Domesday Book, and some of their surprising results.
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-E, Property : legal precedents
The personal distribution of income and wealth
Money : master the game : 7 simple steps to financial freedom
Property, production, and family in Neckarhausen, 1700-1870
