http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3907 life politics
life politics
A complicated man : the life of Bill Clinton as told by those who know him
China's unresolved issues : politics, development and culture
Virtual politics : identity and community in cyberspace
Positive psychology as social change
Opening Finland : challenges for the future
Delors : inside the house that Jacques built
The European health report 2002.
A handbook of human resource management practice
Queens consort, cultural transfer and European politics, c. 1500-1800
Hungary : economic developments and reforms
Development of Finno-Korean politico-economic relations
Industrial policy for national champions
Big agenda : President Trump's Plan to Save America
Fighting suicide bombing : a worldwide campaign for life
Between location and a sense of place : observations regarding young people's migration alacrity in Northern Europe
From children's services to children's spaces : public policy, children and childhood
Japan : the coming collapse
Workplace health promotion in Europe : the role of national health policies and strategies
About Greece : in the year of the Olympic Games
Modernity and self-identity : self and society in the late modern age
How the economy works : confidence, crashes and self-fulfilling prophecies
Transforming an economy while building a nation : the case of Estonia
Displacement of social policies
The government budget and the economic transformation of Poland
Abortion Wishes and Abortion Prevention - Women Seeking Legal Termination of Pregnancy During the 1950s and 1960s in Finland
The Soviet state : the domestic roots of Soviet foreign policy
All well in the welfare state? : welfare, well-being and the politics of happiness
This paper considers the reasons for increasing the interest of Russian leaders in improving the investment climate in Russia. The paper shows that this change in economic policy is connected not only to the natural rent decline but also reflects the search of the ruling coalition for a new social base represented by successful medium-sized business. These new trends can be interpreted in terms of the "limited access order" concept developed in the recent works of Douglass North and his co-authors.  Keywords: Russian transition economy, rents, bureaucracy, large and medium-sized business, response to the crises, investment climate  .
China's road to development in a global perspective
Gender and the European labour market
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
Quality of life : concept, policy and practice
The environment in contexts : environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
Diploma of Higher Education : Competence modules for everyone
Clusters, innovation systems and ecosystems : studies on innovation policy's concept evolution and approaches for regional renewal
No car, no radio, no liquor permit : the moral regulation of single mothers in Ontario, 1920-1997
Our overloaded economy : inflation, unemployment, and the crisis in American capitalism
Japan's economic revival : policy challenges in a globalized world
Diploma of higher education : competence modules for everyone
Routes to a more open labour market
Tourism of tomorrow : travel trends and forces of change
A biography
Power versus money : a Russian constitutional dilemma
The public life of the arts in America
Back to the roots : a new social policy agenda for the welfare of the elderly in rural Tanzania :  the case of Bukoba district
Integrating emotions and cognition throughout the lifespan
The new realities : in government and politics, in economy and business, in society, and in world view
Making sense of the economy
Event history analysis in life course research
Appraising performance for results
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
Analysing everyday experience : social research and political change
Economic policy making and business culture : why is Russia so different?
Selected speeches and interviews
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
Sweden : the middle way on trial
The challenge of slums : global report on human settlements 2003
Towards a stronger social dimension of the European Union
Social aspects of industrial alcoholism programs
Interpreting China's economy
Malaysia's political economy : politics, patronage, and profits
The political economy of Japanese society. Vol. 1, The state or the market?
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
The Soviet economic system
A radical worker in tsarist Russia : the autobiography of Semën Ivanovich Kanatchikov
Dealing with China
An introduction to Nepalese economy
Restoring Europe's prosperity : macroeconomic papers from the Centre for European Policy Studies
The new presence of China in Africa
Queens Consort, Cultural Transfer and European Politics examines the roles that queens consort played in dynastic politics and cultural transfer between their natal and marital courts during the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries. This collection of essays analyses the part that these queens played in European politics, showing how hard and soft power, high politics and cultural influences, cannot be strictly separated. It shows that the root of these consorts' power lay in their dynastic networks and the extent to which they cultivated them. The consorts studied in this book come from territories such as Austria, Braunschweig, Hanover, Poland, Portugal, Prussia and Saxony and travel to, among other places, Britain, Naples, Russia, Spain and Sweden. The various chapters address different types of cultural manifestation, among them collecting, portraiture, panegyric poetry, libraries, theatre and festivals, learning, genealogical literature and architecture. The volume significantly shifts the direction of scholarship by moving beyond a focus on individual historical women to consider 'queens consort' as a category, making it valuable reading for students and scholars of early modern gender and political history.
Alternative futures for Africa
Is there a 'new deal' in state-business relations in Russia?
The political economy of Japan. 2, The changing international context
The people's peace : British history 1945-1989
Korea and Japan in world politics
The iron triangle : inside the secret world of the Carlyle Group
Productivity and the social system - the USSR and the West
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Strategic pragmatism : Japanese lessons in the use of economic theory
Representative government and economic power
Local welfare policy making in European cities
Elites in Finnish energy policy and biogas as a motor vehicle fuel
What's wrong with day care : freeing parents to raise their own children
This book focuses on how EU welfare policies are implemented at the local level in 11 European cities and how local policy making addresses womenś care responsibilities. The book studies the complex combination of and the relationships between local political processes, policies, institutions, structural conditions and outputs, as well as outcomes for the womenś labour market integration. It demonstrates how cultural settings and multi-level governance patterns form the "playground" for local policy makers to formulate their welfare policies concerning service provision. The book further demonstrates how local production systems and the situation of the local labour market influence the prospects that women have in working and caring. EU welfare policy promotes the labour market integration of women as well as gender equality. The provision of adequate care services is vital in supporting womenś employment. Within comparative welfare research, the focus has been on the national welfare systems and policies even if care services are overwhelmingly provided by local authorities that in many EU member states enjoy considerable autonomy. This book fills the gap in understanding local welfare policy making from a comparative perspective.
Employment and labour market interventions : papers and proceedings of the fourth meeting of Asian employment planners, New Delhi, december 17-19, 1991
In 2013–2015, JAMK University of Applied Sciences implemented a national pilot project Diploma of Higher Education based on a proposal by the Finnish Ministry of Education and Culture. The aim was to determine the need for working life for competence modules consisting of parts of higher education degrees which diversify the offering and participants. Similar higher education programmes have grown more common internationally. JAMK UAS implemented four diploma of higher education programmes as UAS open studies: Agricultural Entrepreneur Business Competence, Gerontological Rehabilitation, HR and Financial Specialist and Purchasing Specialist. The aim of the students was to expand their competence, develop their own work and further advance in their careers. For the training to succeed, it was important to invest in instruction, support group formation and have flexible implementation models. The students were able to develop their competence based on their own individual needs and the needs of working life, regardless of their educational background. Groups that promoted peer learning and networking were felt to be the strengths of the training. The costs for students were also very moderate. If needed, the studies can later be credited towards a degree programme. Diplomas of higher education are a quick and flexible way to implement various competence modules that meet the needs of working life. The students and employers have appreciated the pre-packaged, clear and sufficiently advanced competence modules of 60 ECTS cr.
Political business in East Asia
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Historical dictionary of the Kurds
Decentralized socialism and macroeconomic stability : lessons from China
Russia 2030 based on contracts
Political control of the economy
A comment : multidimensionaly of professionalization
This article studies Finnish abortion-seeking women in the 1950s and 1960s by investigating the life situations of the abortion-seeking women and their possibilities to regulate childbearing under the 1950 Abortion Act. During the 1950s and 1960s, abortion was legal in Finland only on medical, ethical or eugenic grounds. The data consists of patient documents of the Finnish Family Federations (Vestliitto) Tampere social counseling service (sosiaalineuvola) from the years 1955 and 1968 and the documents mainly comprise abortion requests. Results show that in 1955 83 percent and in 1968 68 percent of the abortion-seeking women were married. 90 percent of them had two or more children and the mothers often requested abortion because of poor financial or social circumstances. The family conditions of these women were often described as difficult, as they had the main responsibility for taking care of and providing for their families. The majority of the abortion requests were denied. In 1955, only 16 percent of the abortion-seeking women received an affirmative decision from the Family Federation whereas the share of admitted abortions in 1968 was 42 percent. The documents show a severe collision between the womens wishes for abortion and the societys interest to prevent abortions for pronatalist reasons. The data also indicates that women were not treated equally because their own determined and persistant behaviour as well as the doctoral practices influenced the abortion decisions. .
The consolations of philosophy
