http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3918 regulation (rationing)
regulation (rationing)
Environmental factors related to water level regulation - a comparative study in nothern Finland
Margaret Sanger (1883–1966) was a leading figure in the American birth control movement. Trained as a nurse, she moved to New York City to work among the poor. Having witnessed firsthand the travails of mothers in the city's poorest neighborhoods, she felt the need to provide them with information on reproduction and contraception. She abandoned her nursing career and devoted the rest of her life to disseminating information on women's reproduction and contraception, publishing books and articles and founding birth control clinics. In Motherhood in Bondage, first published in 1928, Sanger reproduced letters written to her from women and sometimes men from all over the country, in both urban and rural areas, who were seeking advice on reproductive matters and marital relations, but mostly imploring her to help them find ways to avoid more pregnancies. The letters are grouped by theme into sixteen chapters, and Sanger wrote an introduction to each chapter. In her new foreword for this edition, Margaret Marsh describes the controversies surrounding these letters and places them in their historical context.
Studies on long-term inflow forecasting
Finland possesses 72 waterway systems of over 200 square kilometres in size. The five largest of them account for the majority of the country's surface area. Furthermore, there are almost 188,000 lakes of more than five ares in size. Altogether 9.9 percent of the surface area consists of water. The lakes have been created over the last 10,000 years or so, either through the emergence of their basins from beneath the ice sheet of the last glaciation or, in most cases, through isolation from the Baltic basin. In this article, the post-glacial history of the main watercourses and lake basins in Finland and the effects of recent human activity on them and on the quality of their water are examined.On account of the uneven pattern of land uplift, most of the large waterway systems, such as the Saimaa, Päijänne, Näsijärvi, and Puula watercourses of the Lake District, have altered their outflow in the course of time, some of them more than once. The majority of these hydrological changes took place in the interval 8500-4500 BP. In the case of Lake Oulujärvi and Lake Vanajavesi, a transgression that has been going on for thousands of years has led to rises in water level of as much as 10-15 metres. In the case of Lake Höytiäinen, uncontrolled erosion of the outflow channel in connection with an effort at lowering the water level led to a sudden drop of almost ten metres. Elsewhere, the changes in outflow channels meant that the main watershed in the Lake District shifted up to 300 kilometres in a SE-NW direction. Meanwhile, human activity has led to the total or partial drainage of about 3,000 lakes in different parts of the country. About four-fifths of the inland water area in Finland is of good or excellent water quality and only five percent is of moderate or poor quality.
The future of population strategies in prevention : drugs for all?
The politics of the body in Weimar Germany : women's reproductive rights and duties
Reforming sex : the German movement for birth control and abortion reform, 1920-1950
The great rent wars : rent strikes and rent control in New York City, 1917-1929
The OECD report on regulatory reform : synthesis
Changes of emergent aquatic macrophyte cover in seven large boreal lakes in Finland with special reference to water level regulation
Capitalism, culture, and economic regulation
Oral contraception and smoking : time trends for a risk behaviour in Finland
Motherhood in bondage
Population and reproductive rights : feminist perspectives from the South
Recent spatiotemporal changes and main determinants of aquatic macrophyte vegetation in large lakes in Finland
Population target : The political economy of population control in Latin America
Population in Asia
The new competitive environment of radio broadcasting in the Nordic countries : a short history of deregulation and analysis
Regulation of visitor activities in the DINP
Regulating reproduction in India's population : efforts, results, and recommendations
Quantity versus price competition in the deregulated Finnish electricity markets
The woman not the womb : population control vs. women's reproductive rights : for Shirkat Gah
Abortion and woman's choice : the state, sexuality, and reproductive freedom
Corporate responses to climate change : achieving emissions reductions through regulation, self-regulation and economic incentives
Sex and society in Islam : birth control before the nineteenth century
Religion vs. reality
The private rented housing market : regulation or deregulation?
Man-made lakes and their social consequences in Finnish Lappland
The political economy of collective bargaining
From private vice to public virtue : the birth control movement and American society since 1830
Human rights aspects of population programmes with special reference to human rights law
Contraception : a history
Environmental factors and aquatic macrophytes in the littoral zone of regulated lakes : causes, consequences and possibilities to alleviate harmful effects
Effects of lake water level regulation on aquatic macrophyte stands in northern Finland and options to predict these impacts under varying conditions
Estimation of climate change impacts on hydrology and floods in Finland
LR's guide to new IMO regulations : reprinted from Lloyd's list
The history of exchange control in Finland
Studies on the effects of property taxation, rent control and housing allowances
The social consequences of regulating the watercourses in Lapland
Effects of flow regulation and fragmentation by dams on riparian flora in boreal rivers
The dark road
Regulatory systems and networking of water utilities and regulatory bodies : proceedings of the Regional Forum, Manila, 26-28 March 2001.
Regulated streams : advances in ecology
Women, sexuality and the changing social order : the impact of government policies on reproductive behavior in Kenya
Critical masses : the global population challenge
Supply disruptions and the allocation of emergency reserves
Regulation of unfair marketing in EFTA countries 1992
The global politics of abortion
Eugenics and the welfare state : sterilization policy in Denmark, Sweden, Norway, and Finland
Conceiving the new world order : the global politics of reproduction
The OECD report on regulatory reform
Population policies and development : a World Bank staff report
Hunger and war : food provisioning in the Soviet Union during World War II
Reproductive rights and wrongs : the global politics of population control
Private entrepreneurship and the state : discursive power struggles during the regulated economy 1939-1949
Seasonal spring flow forecasting by stepwice linear multiple regression technique
Growth effect or regulation and deregulation in goods and labor markets
Vaccination against pregnancy : miracle or menace?
The role of market discipline in handling problem banks
Bitter pills : population policies and their implementation in eight developing countries
Reconceiving women : separating motherhood from female identity
The dammed : rivers, dams, and the coming world water crisis
Our daily bread : socialist distribution and the art of survival in Stalin's Russia, 1927-1941
Report of the FAO Regional Workshop on Port State Measures tot Combat Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing, Cape Town, South Africa, 28 - 31 January 2008.
Planning the global family
Du Rietz's lichen collections 1956-1965 from riverbanks and shores of lakes in connection with planned water regulations
Negotiating reproductive rights : women's perspectives across countries and cultures
Family planning programmes and fertility
The economics of public issues
Violence of population control : women of Bangladesh narrating their experiences and sufferings under population control programme
Summary indicators of product market regulation with an extension to employment protection legislation
Uphill against water : the great dakota water war
Analysis of lake and river flow regime alteration to assess impacts of hydraulic structures
The economics of regulation : principles and institutions. Vol. 1, Economic principles
Billions and billions : thoughts on life and death at the brink of the millennium
The case for compulsory birth control
Birth control in the modern world : the role of the individual in population control
Living on the home front
Precautionary management of eastern Baltic Sea cod (Gadus morhua callarias) under different environmental noise and harvest strategies
Reproductive rights and wrongs : the global politics of population control and contraceptive choice
Sexual chemistry : a history of the contraceptive pill
International Symposium on the Recent Advances in Female Reproductive Health Care : June 5-6, 1992, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Beyond the numbers : a reader on population, consumption, and the environment
Electricity deregulation : choices and challenges
The economics of regulating road transport
Women, population and global crisis : a political-economic analysis
Sex and destiny : the politics of human fertility
Prudential regulation of banks in less developed economies
Limiting Leviathan
Woman's body, woman's right : birth control in America
Improving access to quality care in family planning : medical eligibility criteria for contraceptive use
Theory of stochastic processes in hydrology and river runoff regulation
University Students Seeking Hormonal Emergency Contraception: Why Do They Not Want Pregnancy Now? When is it Suitable to Have Children?
Ecological and sociocultural impacts of regulated lakes and reservoirs on populations in Finnish Lapland 1940-1992
The costs of raising equity ratio for banks : evidence from publicly listed banks operating in Finland
Food, and in particular the lack of it, was central to the experience of the Second World War. In this history, Lizzie Collingham establishes how control of food and its production is crucial to total war.
Choices about children
One child : the story of China's most radical experiment
Rethinking the family : some feminist questions
Exploring new ethics for survival : the voyage of the spaceship Beagle
Ending the explosion : population policies and ethics for a humane future
Summary.
Competition, regulation and the new economy
How many children?
World population monitoring 1996 : selected aspects of reproductive rights and reproductive health
Hydraulic aspects of environmental flood management in boreal conditions
From incidental to planned parenthood : results of the second national fertility survey in Belgium
Banking regulation : its purposes, implementation, and effects
Water privatisation : trans-national corporations and the re-regulation of the water industry
Economics of regulation and antitrust
Taking chances : Abortion and the decision not to contracept
The birth of the pill : how four pioneers reinvented sex and launched a revolution
The population bomb
"Making use of recently released Soviet archival materials, Hunger and War investigates state food supply policy and its impact on Soviet society during World War II. It explores the role of the state in provisioning the urban population, particularly workers, with food, and in feeding the Red army; the medicalization of hunger; hunger in blockaded Leningrad; and civilian mortality from hunger and malnutrition in other home front industrial regions. New research reported here challenges and complicates many of the narratives and counter-narratives about the war. The authors engage such difficult subjects as starvation mortality, bitterness over privation and inequalities in provisioning, and conflicts among state organizations. At the same time, they recognize the considerable role played by the Soviet state in organizing supplies of food to adequately support the military effort and defense production, and in developing policies that promoted social stability amid upheaval. The book makes a significant contribution to scholarship on the Soviet population's experience of World War II as well as to studies of war and famine"--Provided by publisher.
Contributions of short-term flow regulation patterns to trout habitats in a boreal river
Sex roles, population and development in West Africa : policy-related studies on work and demographic issues
Alice through the microscope : the power of science over women's lives
It has been widely assumed that over-population is one of the root causes of global crisis; even amongst feminist and environmental movements, the common wisdom on population has never been seriously critiqued. This book provides that critique; it gives a historical overview of the population question and places the population-poverty-environment-security debate within a broad theoretical perspective. The first part of the book looks at conventional ideologies of population control - from malthusianism to the contraceptive revolution. In part two, the author develops an alternative analysis of 'overpopulation' - exploring the roots of the einvronmental crisis, violence and inequality en route. Critiquing capitalism, industrialism, patriarchy and white supremacy, she shows how population control acts as another dimension of our essentially hierarchical world order - and one that is moving us inexorably towards violence and destruction. Finally, Asoka Bandarage explores new global visions and efforts towards peace, justice and ecology - efforts that place human and planetary reproduction above economic production. Arguing for a new partnership paradigm which stresses the interconnectedness of life, the book's political significance lies in the synthesis of third world, feminist, socialist and ecological thinking and solutions. A major contribution to the socio-historical analysis of population-poverty-environment relations, this book cuts across the North/South divide bringing to light the dialectics of gender, race and class on a global scale. As such it is essential reading for students and academics in women's, development and environment studies as well as in philosophy, social theory and courses on ethnic relations.
Optimal sampled-data and multirate control
University students who sought hormonal emergency contraception (EC) in the Tampere Student Health Station during the period 1.9.2000-31.12.2001 received a questionnaire on their use of it. Of the total, 114 responded (67%). The aim of this study was to ascertain why the respondents did not want to get pregnant now and when it would be suitable for them to get children. Free answers to these questions were analysed using a collective consensus method. The main reasons for not wanting pregnancy now were un? nished studies and the non-steady character of the relationship. Almost all planned to become pregnant some day in the future when their life situation was appropriate, usually at the age of about 30 years.  .
Levels and trends of contraceptive use as assessed in 1998
Berlin residential market : housing shortage symptoms, anatomy and remedy
Chinaś strategic demographic initiative
Woman's body, woman's right : a social history of birth control in America
A model for electric power capacity expansion planning under uncertain conditions
International comparisons of electricity regulation
The origins of the ban on contraception and the impasse in the Conservative Lestadian Revivalist Movement ; translated by by Richard Foley
Computational market dynamics simulations of the New Zealand electricity spot price
Economic implications of differences in member state regulations for the European Union emission trade system
Technological change, environmental awareness, and the fear of centralization : the Platte river mid-state project, 1943-75
For over three decades, China exercised unprecedented control over the reproductive habits of its billion citizens. Now, with its economy faltering just as it seemed poised to become the largest in the world, the Chinese government has brought an end to its one-child policy. It may once have seemed a shortcut to riches, but it has had a profound effect on society in modern China. Combining personal portraits of families affected by the policy with a nuanced account of China's descent towards economic and societal turmoil, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Mei Fong reveals the true cost of this most controversial of policies. Drawing on eight years spent documenting its repercussions, she reveals a dystopian legacy of second children refused documentation by the state, only children supporting their parents and grandparents, and villages filled with ineligible bachelors.
The channel reform of public service radio in the Nordic countries
Eve's herbs : a history of contraception and abortion in the West
Marriage and fertility : studies in interdisciplinary history
Birth control : an international assessment
Population control : real costs, illusory benefits
Fatal misconception : the struggle to control world population
Interactive multi-criteria decision analysis in the collaborative management of watercourses
Comparative analysis of electricity regulation in Finland, Sweden and the Russian federation
Fertility regulation in developing countries
Genetic structure at different spatial scales in metapopulations of Silene tatarica
Riot
Births by younger and older mothers in a population with late and regulated childbearing : Finland 1991.
Abstract (1 s.).
Long-term changes in lake and river systems in Finland
Universalism against particularism : Kettil Bruun  and the ideological background of the Total  Consumption Model
The taste of war : World War Two and the battle for food
Sacred choices : the right to contraception and abortion in ten world religions
