http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3913 eschatology
eschatology
Eschatologie = Eschatology : the sixth Durham-Tübingen Research Symposium: eschatology in Old Testament, ancient Judaism and early Christianity (Tübingen, September 2009)
Heaven, hell, and the afterlife : eternity in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Volume 3, End time and afterlife in Islamic, Buddhist, and indigenous cultures
The encyclopedia of apocalypticism. Vol. 2, Apocalypticism in western history and culture
This book offers the first detailed examination of the life and works of biblical commentator Thomas Brightman (1562-1607), analysing his influential eschatological commentaries and their impact on both conservative and radical writers in early modern England. It examines in detail the hermeneutic strategies used by Brightman and argues that his method centred on the dual axes of a Jewish restoration to Palestine and the construction of a strong English national identity. This book suggests that Brightman's use of conservative modes of 'literal' exegesis led him to new interpretations which had a major impact on early modern English eschatology. A radically historicised mode of exegesis sought to provide interpretations of the Old Testament that would have made sense to their original readers, leading Brightman and those who followed him to argue for the physical restoration of the Jews to the Holy Land.In doing so, the standard Reformed identification of Old Testament Israel with elect Christians was denied. This book traces the evolution of the controversial idea that Israel and the church both had separate unfulfilled scriptural promises in early modern England and shows how early modern exegetes sought to re-construct a distinctly English Christian identity through reading their nation into prophecy. In examining Brightman's hermeneutic strategies and their influence, this book argues for important links between a 'literal' hermeneutic, ideas of Jewish restoration and national identity construction in early modern England. Its central arguments will be of interest to all those researching the history of biblical interpretation, the role of religion in constructing national identity and the background to the later development of Christian Zionism.Much has been written about seventeenth-century English apocalyptic thought, but Crome's patient and judicious analysis of Thomas Brightman breaks new ground. It succeeds in laying bare the hermeneutical logic that fuelled the rise of Reformed Judeo-centric millennialism. The book deserves a wide readership among scholars concerned with the history of biblical interpretation, Protestant eschatology, English national identity, and Christian Zionism'. - Professor John Coffey, Professor of Early Modern History, University of Leicester Andrew Crome's ground-breaking study of Thomas Brightman offers a new and sometimes surprising account of the development of millennial thinking in and beyond early modern England.This masterly account demonstrates the extent to which an emerging Zionism supported an emerging English nationalism, while outlining the historical roots of some of the most important of contemporary geopolitical themes." - Professor Crawford Gribben, Professor of Early Modern British History, Queen's University Belfast This important study provides a new examination of Thomas Brightman's hermeneutical method, particularly his ideas on the restoration of the Jews. The author's thorough analysis of Brightman's approach also has more general and wider implications for understanding the development of English apocalyptic interpretation into the later seventeenth-century.' - Dr Warren Johnston, Associate Professor of History, Algoma University.
The Christian hope
Pneuma and realized eschatology in the Book of Wisdom
The stars will fall from heaven : cosmic catastrophe and the world's end in the New Testament and its world
Our only hope : more than we can ask or imagine
Jesus, Paul and the end of the world : a comparative study in New Testament eschatology
Tribulation force : the continuing drama of those left behind
The house of Hades : studies in ancient Greek eschatology
The eschatology of First Thessalonians
Renewal theology. [3], The church, the kingdom and last things
Space and time : the relationship between ontology and eschatology in the philosophical theology of Paul Tillich
Jeremiah : pain and promise
Jesus and Israel's traditions of judgement and restoration
Life in the Spirit
Eschatological presence in Karl Barth's Göttingen theology
Nicolae : the rise of Antichrist
Cosmology and eschatology in Hebrews : the settings of the sacrifice
Time, Utopia, Eschatology = Zeit, Utopie, Eschatologie = Temps, Utopie, Eschatologie
Studies in Muslim apocalyptic
The eschatological community of the Dead Sea Scrolls : a study of the rule of the congregation
Mark B. Stephens investigates the cosmic eschatology of Revelation, with a particular focus on the question of continuity and discontinuity. He shows that the imagery and auditions of Revelation communicate both judgement upon the present order of creation, and yet at the same time the eschatological renewal of all things.
Heaven, hell, and the afterlife : eternity in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Volume 1, End time and afterlife in Judaism
Apocalyptic imagination in the Gospel of Mark : the literary and theological role of Mark 3:22-30
The Dead Sea New Jerusalem text : contents and contexts
Eschatology and Christian nurture : themes in Anglo-Saxon and medieval religious life
Ultimate things : an Orthodox Christian perspective on the end times
Revealed wisdom and inaugurated eschatology in ancient Judaism and early Christianity
Apocalypticism, prophecy and magic in early Christianity : collected essays
Prophecy and eschatology
Retribution and eschatology in Chronicles
Liberation of theology
Conquering the world : the War Scroll (1QM) reconsidered
The New Testament library. Revelation : a commentary
What awaits us beyond the grave is perhaps the fundamental human mystery. Visionary accounts of the afterlife are attested long before the Common Era, and loomed large in the imaginative universe of early Christianity. The medieval Irish inherited and further transformed this tradition, producing vivid eschatological narratives which had a profound impact throughout Europe as well as being works of remarkable literary and spiritual power in their own right. Under the headings 'Soul and Body', 'The Seven Heavens', 'The Next World', and 'The Judgement and its Signs', this book presents critical editions, with translation and commentary, of 26 eschatological texts from the Old, Middle, and Early Modern Irish periods, together with related material in Latin and Old English. Some of these works are here edited for the first time. Extended essays survey Irish eschatological literature a whole, and place it in its wider context; and the volume concludes with a comprehensive handlist of Irish eschatological compositions.
Armageddon : the cosmic battle of the ages
Total presence : the language of Jesus and the language of today
Myth, cult and symbols in Śākta Hinduism : a study of the Indian Mother Goddess
Apocalypse : a history of the end of time
Berdyaev's Philosophy of hope : a contribution to Marxist-Christian dialogue
The Background of the New Testament and its eschatology
A brief history of heaven
Eucharist and eschatology
The author of 1 Peter regards Christian suffering as a necessary feature of faithful allegiance to Jesus, which precedes the full restoration and vindication of God's people. Much previous research has explored only the cause and nature of suffering; Kelly D. Liebengood now addresses the need for an explanation for the source that has generated this particular understanding. If Jesus truly is God's redemptive agent, come to restore His people, how can Christian suffering be a necessary part of discipleship after his coming, death and resurrection, and what led the author of 1 Peter to such a startling conclusion? Liebengood analyzes the appropriation of shepherds, exodus, and fiery trials imagery and argues that the author of 1 Peter is dependent upon the eschatological programme of Zechariah 9–14 for his theology of Christian suffering. This book will interest those studying the New Testament, Petrine theology and early Christianity.
The Oxford handbook of eschatology
The end of time in the order of things : science and eschatology in early medieval art
Annihilation or renewal? : the meaning and function of new creation in the book of Revelation
Surprised by hope : rethinking heaven, the resurrection, and the mission of the church
The rising : antichrist is born before they were left behind
Confessions of a crap artist : Jack Isidore (of Seville, Calif.) :a chronicle of verified scientific fact, 1945-1959
The encyclopedia of apocalypticism. Vol. 1, The origins of apocalypticism in Judaism and Christianity
Last things dirst: "Eschatology" as the first chapter in an overall account of early Christian ideas
At the end of time : the eschatological expectations of the church
Universalism and the doctrine of hell : papers presented at the Fourth Edinburgh Conference in Christian Dogmatics, 1991
Response to the end of history : eschatology and situation in Luke-Acts
The pursuit of the millennium : revolutionary messianism in medieval and reformation Europe and its bearing on modern totalitarian movements
Millennial dreams and apocalyptic nightmares : the Cold War origins of political evangelicalism
Trajectories in Near Eastern apocalyptic : a postrabbinic Jewish apocalypse reader
The Christian faith : an introduction to Christian doctrine
The fate of the dead : a study in folk-eschatology in the West Country after the Reformation
The Mahdi wears Armani : an analysis of the Harun Yahya enterprise
Messianism and puritanical reform : Mahdīs of the Muslim west
Mediating the divine : prophecy and revelation in the Dead Sea Scrolls and Second Temple Judaism
An ancient commentary on the Book of Revelation : a critical edition of the Scholia in apocalypsin
Body and hope : a constructive interpretation of recent eschatology by means of the phenomenology of the body
A guide to Biblical prophecy
Theology of hope : on the ground and the implications for a Christian eschatology
Origen : philosophy of history & eschatology
Expecting the end : millennialism in social and historical context
The imagery of angelic praise and heavenly topography in the Testament of our Lord
Jesus, Paul and the end of the world : a comparative study of New Testament eschatology
The sign
The eschatology of 1 Peter : considering the influence of Zechariah 9-14
Four views on the role of works at the final judgment
An interpretation of the twelve minor prophets of the Hebrew Bible : the emergence of eschatology as a theological theme
He that cometh
To tell the mystery : essays on New Testament eschatology in honor of Robert H. Gundry
An analysis of 4QInstruction
Apollyon : the destroyer is unleashed
The Remnant : on the brink of Armageddon
The empire at the end of time : identity and reform in late medieval German prophecy
This study provides a fresh analysis of the ancient evidence and the modern scholarship on Quodvultdeus, the bishop of Carthage who was exiled by the Vandals in AD 439. It highlights his apocalyptic theology, showing how he selectively appropriates the eschatological thought of previous Christian authors such as Jerome and Orosius. Particular attention is paid to Augustine's influence on Quodvultdeus in order to draw out the independence of the latter's thought.
The everlasting gospel : the significance of eschatology in the development of Pentecostal thought
Muslims ritualising death in the Netherlands : death rites in a small town context
The year 1000 : religious and social response to the turning of the first millennium
Apocalyptic time
A single-volume treatment based on the eschatological center of Paul's message. Paul's life, letters, and theology are unified by the theme of the overlapping of two ages—this age and the age to come. With the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus Christ, the age to come (i e , kingdom of God) broke into this present age but didn't end it. Where other important doctrines such as justification by faith, reconciliation, and the cross of Christ were key players in Paul's theology, Marvin Pate compellingly demonstrates that the overarching theme driving the Pauline corpus was indeed Paul's inaugurated eschatology. In fact, Paul's apocalyptic framework was only one of a number of other rival eschatologically focused religious perspectives of the day, such as the Imperial Cult, Hellenistic/syncretistic religion, and the merkabah Judaizers. Paul's vigorous debates with the churches he served centered on the exclusivity of the gospel of Christ that he preached: the nonnegotiable apocalypse of Jesus the Messiah. Apostle of the Last Days will be welcomed in the classroom as a one-volume treatment of Paul's life and letters as well as his theology.
Restoration : Old Testament, Jewish and Christian perspectives
The birth of purgatory
The end of the age has come : the theology of Paul
The most popular source of theological hope for American Christians is that of Jürgen Moltmann. Preachers, teachers, and lay people reflect Moltmann's influence, with their hope in a this-worldly eschatology and a suffering God. However, an exclusive reliance on that hope deprives the church of crucial resources in the face of global economic, environmental, and military crises. This book explores Moltmannian hope and considers its costs before looking elsewhere for additional contributions, from Thomas Aquinas's theological virtue of hope to nihilism and beyond, in order to encourage the church to sustain and practice hope in Jesus Christ, our only hope.
Heaven, hell, and the afterlife : eternity in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Volume 2, End time and afterlife in Christianity
A nuanced examination of a key period in the work of Karl Barth, analysing his recently published academic lectures written during the crucial formative years between the production of his two major masterpieces, the Commentary on Romans and the Church Dogmatics, in the context of his other writings and the work of his contemporaries.
Waiting for Godot in Sarajevo : theological reflections on nihilism, tragedy and apocalypse
Economia and eschatology : liturgical mystagogy in the Byzantine prothesis rite
Prophecy in the New Millennium : when prophecies persist
The hope of Jesus : a study in moral eschatology
Jürgen Moltmann's ethics of hope : eschatological possibilities for moral action
The pursuit of the millennium : revolutionary millenarians and mystical anarchists of the Middle Ages
The ongoing feast : table fellowship and eschatology at Emmaus
Resurrection and parousia : a traditio-historical study of Paul's eschatology in 1 Corinthians 15
The 2012 story : the myths, fallacies, and thruth behind the most intriguing date in history
'I will give you rest' : the rest motif in the New Testament with special reference to Mt 11 and Heb 3-4
Future hope and present reality. Vol I, Eschatology and Transformation in the Hebrew Bible
The end of time : faith and fear in the shadow of the millennium
Longin for the end : a history of millennialism in western civilization
"Whether dealing with collective catastrophe or intimate trauma, recovering from emotional and physical hurt is hard. Kathleen O'Connor shows that although Jeremiah's emotionally wrought language can aggravate readers' memories of pain, it also documents the ways an ancient community, and the prophet personally, sought to restore their collapsed social world. Both prophet and book provide a traumatized community language to articulate disaster; move self-understanding from delusional security to identity as survivors; constitute individuals as responsible moral agents; portray God as equally afflicted by disaster; and invite a reconstruction of reality" -- Publisher description.
The return of Jesus in early Christianity
The church, the afterlife and the fate of the soul : papers read at the 2007 summer meeting and the 2008 winter meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
Systematic theology : biblical, historical, and evangelical. Volume 2
Disaster and the millennium
God and empire : Jesus against Rome, then and now
Jesus' directions for the future : a source and redaction-history study of the use of the eschatological tradition in Paul and in the synoptic accounts of Jesus' last eschatological discourse
The Mayan prophecy 2012 : The Mayan calendar and the end of time
The coming of God : Christian eschatology
The new Jerusalem in the revelation of John : the city as symbol of life with God
The end and beyond : medieval Irish eschatology. Volume 1
"The Dead Sea Scrolls include many texts that were produced by a sectarian movement (and also many that were not). The movement had its origin in disputes about the interperation of the Scriptures, especially the Torah, not in disputes about the priesthood as had earlier been assumed. The definitive break with the rest of Judea society should be dated to the first century BCE rather than to the second. John J. Collins illustrates how the worldview of the sect involved a heightened sense of involvement in the heavenly, angelic world, and the hope for an afterlife in communion with the angels. The essays in this volume are divided into three main sections, dealing with Scripture and Interpretation, History and Sectarianism, and Sectarian Worldview. The opening essay provides an overview of what we have learned from the Scrolls, and the last essay discusses the relation of the Scrolls to early Christianity." DUST JACKET
The kingdom of God in 20th-century interpretation
The apocalypse in the early Middle Ages
The return of Christ
Refreshing & restoration : two eschatological motifs in Acts 3:19-21
The church and the last things
Raising Abel : the recovery of eschatological imagination
The return of apocalypticism
Left behind : a novel of the earth's last days
Jesus among her children : Q, eschatology, and the construction of Christian origins
Adventus Domini : eschatological thought in 4th-century apses and catecheses
Myth and reality
Scriptures and secretarianism : essays on the Dead Sea Scrolls
Theology, death and dying
Heaven : a history
Apostle of the last days : the life, letters and theology of Paul
The sacred theory of the earth
A narrative theology of the New Testament
In this book, Johanne S. Teglbjærg Kristensen analyses the relationship between body and hope. She critically investigates the eschatologies of Paul Tillich, Jürgen Moltmann and Wolfhart Pannenberg from the perspective of the phenomenology of the body represented by Maurice Merleau-Ponty. By focusing on the eschatological challenge of the body through a thematization of the issue of continuity, the author constructively interprets the classic eschatological themes of death, resurrection, judgement and the Second Coming. She shows how the classic eschatological issues of the relationship between time and eternity, as well as of the relationship between the individual and the community require new conceptions. By taking the phenomenology of the body into consideration, Teglbjærg Kristensen suggests both a new eschatological approach and a new conception of eschatology.
The meanings of death
Visionary religion and radicalism in early industrial England : from Southcott to socialism
Eschatology in Galatians : rethinking Paul's response to the crisis in Galatia
Organized thematically by the endpoints of time, the volume begins by addressing eschatological matters--the doctrines of heaven and hell--and ends with an account of divine deliberation and creation. Kvanvig develops a theistic outlook which reconciles a traditional, high conception of deity, with full providential control over all aspects of creation, with a conception of human beings as free and morally responsible. The resulting position and defense is labeled "Philosophical Arminianism." -- From publisher.
The role of eschatology in Pauline ethics as interpreted by C. H. Dodd and Rudolf Bultmann
Life after death : a new approach to the last things
2012 in your pocket
Early industrial England witnessed significant interactions between millenarianism and traditions of radical popular politics, including the first English socialisms. This text provides a detailed archive-based study of Southcottianism from 1815 to 1840 that revises many previous assumptions about this popular millenarian movement.
Time consciousness : the philosophical uses of history
Systematic theology. Vol. 4, Ecclesiology - Eschatology
Symbols and strata : essays on the Sayings Gospel Q
Faith in Hebrews : analysis within the context of christology, eschatology, and ethics
Vasilii Rozanov and the creation : the Edenic vision and the rejection of eschatology
Covenant and eschatology : the divine drama
Hope and otherness : christian eschatology in an interreligious context
Christ and the future in New Testament history
Apocalyptic eschatology in the Gospel of Matthew
Jesus and judgment : the eschatological proclamation in its Jewish context
Eschatology in the Indo-Iranian traditions : the genesis and transformation of a doctrine
The promised end : eschatology in theology and literature
The anthropology of Protestantism : faith and crisis among Scottish fishermen
Destiny and deliberation : essays in philosophical theology
Glorious appearing : the end of days
Jesus Christ message to all nations
Eschatology and ethics in the teaching of Jesus
Prophecy and the fundamentalist quest : an integrative study of Christian and Muslim apocalyptic religion
Christ our hope : an introduction to eschatology
The pursuit of millennium
Judgment & justification in early Judaism and the Apostle Paul
The restoration of the Jews : early modern hermeneutics, eschatology, and national identity in the works of Thomas Brightman
Left behind and the evangelical imagination
In the world, of the church : a Paul Evdokimov reader
"This work traces the origins of apocalyptic prophecy in Christianity and Islam through in-depth examinations of several texts found within the Bible, the Quran, and the Hadith. The religious prophecies discussed in this book are largely focused on end-time or apocalyptic scenarios"--Provided by publisher.
The Oxford handbook of apocalyptic literature
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 2, Catechesis, baptism, eschatology, and martyrdom
The end and beyond : medieval Irish eschatology. Volume 2
Eschatology and exhortation in the epistle to the Hebrews
The coming deliverer : millennial themes in world religions
Did Paul expect earthly kingdom?
World without end : Christian eschatology from a process perspective
Quodvultdeus of Carthage : the apocalyptic theology of a Roman African in exile
Eschatology in the making : Mark, Matthew and the Didache
Theology for the community of God
The eschatology of the Book of jubilees
