http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3915 travel agencies
travel agencies
Marketing of adventure and nature tourism : a case study of Shambala Trekking Agency in Nepal
Tourism in action : ten case studies in tourism
Appraising appraisal : is the appraisal theory a plausible tool for text analysis?
The travel marketer's guide to social media and social networks : sales and marketing in a web 2.0 world
Travel and tour management
Oy Ebookers Finland Ltd has been facing major challenges with the old mid office system during the past few years. The purpose of the project is to implement a new mid office system for offline business and ensure that all employees are trained to use it correctly. Accounting and reporting set-up as well as documentation of financial processes are also covered. The aim is to implement a system that meets both legal and operational requirements for the company and enables employees to concentrate more on the actual work instead of unnecessary manual processes. New mid office system enables several automated processes including retrieval of incoming customer payments and transfer of outgoing supplier payments, thus providing a significant improvement in the daily financial routines. As part of the project, an implementation of a banking programme will also be completed to provide further benefits together with the new mid office system. This project is based on the action research model of Kemmis in which the development plan is formed on basis of the analysis of the current situation. After implementing the action plan, reassessment of the situation is carried out and a new cycle starts in order to develop the processes and working practices further. The researcher is actively participating in the daily activities of the company as well as in the development process carried out during the project. After completing the implementation project, needs for further development are recognized and a detailed plan to implement improvements is presented. Implementation of Amadeus Agency Manager is carried out within a tight schedule in co-operation with Amadeus Finland Ltd and Finnair Travel Services Ltd. New processes are defined and new business model introduced as online and offline businesses are divided to different mid office systems. New system provides more accurate and reliable financial figures and reports for analyzing purposes. Value added configurations and invoice layout are now in compliance with the Finnish VAT and Accounting Acts. Audit trail can also be established easily to provide auditors more accurate documentation as one can track accounting entries for each individual transaction. Amadeus Agency Manager improves efficiency both in actual customer service situations as well as in the handling of basic financial procedures. Professional project management and control help to achieve targets despite of slight, unexpected delays. There is still a need to work on the automated functions such as implementation of supplier matching process in order to improve the invoice handling and payment procedures. The development process continues as the business environment develops and changes constantly.
The topic of this thesis is a qualitative customer satisfaction survey for clients of company X. This research was conducted for a small travel agency in Germany, which specializes for skiing and adventure holidays around the world. The aim of the study was to find ways of maintaining customer satisfaction level, which has been proven to be good by previous studies of the company. The research was carried out as a qualitative research, with only a small amount of interviewed respondents. The research method was chosen in order to find more profound answers to the research questions. The interviews were conducted through telephone for a broad variety of clients around Germany. The theoretical background of this thesis has been built around marketing of services and customer satisfaction. Presented are the special features and challenges of services market-ing, and methods to be used to influence customer satisfaction. Results show that customer satisfaction remains top class, nevertheless, some improvement ideas were received from the respondents. The three main findings of the research were the importance of personal and customized service for the respondents, the employee perform-ance value, and company X̕s main partner̕s role in the company. The main partner was brought up during the interviews several times, and often the respondents answered the questions as if the research was conducted for that company. Profile clarification and strengthening would be essential improvement points for for company X in order to enable stable sales of all travels throughout the year, not only from the main partner and during winter season. Another point the company must not forget, is to preserve the employees̕ high quality performance in order to provide the best possible service for the demanding clients.
Marketing plan for a new business venture
Barriers to eCommerce of online travel agencies in Finland
Marketing in the tourism industry : the promotion of destination regions
ERP (enterprise resource planning) implementation and application in tourism industry in China: case company: Qingdao Hai Tian Travel Agency
National Tourism Organisations (NTO) and Foreign Market Analysis : market analysis of Finland for the "Maison de la France" (NTO)
How can Saimaan Matkaverkko get added value by using social media
Access : introduction to travel and tourism
The buying process of Russian travel agencies in Moscow
Liikenteen tilinpäätöstilasto = Bokslutsstatistik över samfärdsel = Financial statements statistics of transport and communication. 1988.
Estonia hotel & lodging directory 1994
Tourism development : principles and practices
The marketing of tourism products : concepts, issues and cases
Customer's views of the brand Detur Finland Ltd after the TV program "Matkaoppaat"
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Book 2 (module 4), Air fares and ticketing
Selling Alaska for australians : analysis of the Australian travel market
The business of tourism
How to improve customer loyalty in European Online Travel Agencies in the leisure segment
Perceived e-service quality in travel industry
Viewpoint : an introduction to travel, tourism and hospitality
Travel sales and customer service
Organisational structure of a partnership of travel agencies : structural issues of a recently established partnership of small independent travel agencies in Finland
Electronic information distribution in tourism and hospitality
Tourism management : managing for change
This thesis examines the role of the National Tourism Organisations (NTO) to promote destinations and support the marketing activites of their partners or members, in order to face competition and attract national and international visitors. Market analysis is seen as being an essential function of the NTOs. This thesis concentrates on the French NTO, the "Maison de la France", who faces the problem of lacking relevant information about potential and existing foreign markets, and therefore needs to undertake market analyses.    Existing statistics show that Finland is considered a relevant market to France and consequently interesting for the French NTO and its members. In this view, the aim of this thesis is to understand the Finnish tourism market, examining the useful elements that market analysis include.  The theoretical part of this thesis explained the various elements that market analysis should or could include, keeping in mind that the results of the research should support marketing activities. The theoretical discussion expressed the need for collecting information about market environnements, travel characteristics, travels trends and habits, lifestyles, culture, companies involved in the distribution system, and about promoting tools.  The method used in this research is case study and the data collected was quantitative and qualitative. Data concerning Finland was mainly secondary data (desk research). Primary data was obtained through questionnaires and interviews, which contributed to fill the gap in the existing secondary data.   The results of the emprirical study covered all the elements presented in the theoretical part, and answered to the problem of the French NTO, providing useful information about Finland. The results show that the Finnish market is an important market to France. Although France is only the 8th most visited foreign destination by Finns, the image of France is high among the Finnish population and professionals, which operate with France. Opportunities and advices to attract more Finnish people to France are also presented in the case study. The results of the research are general and open doors for further research which could provide more detailed findings.
Strategic brand analysis of a small sized travel agent : case: Moon Travel
Ecological sustainablity of travel products : a comparison fof mainstream and sustainable travel agencies
Qualitative customer satisfaction survey : Aerokoski Dr. Erben GmbH
Students as a marketing segment for travel agencies
Introduction to travel and tourism : an international approach
Impacts of the online travel on the traditional travel agencies
Hospitality for sale : techniques of promoting business for hospitality establishments
The tourist business
Neste Oil's employees' motives for using a self-booking tool in business travel arrangements
Estonia- : a new possibility for Travellink?
Occupations in the tourist sector : a comparative analysis in the nine community states
What is "Kuusamo Lapland" : a study on the image of the region from the perspective of international travel agents
Improvement of customer satisfaction : case study: bus journey to Paris
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Book 1 (modules 1 to 3), Introduction to tourism, Travel geography, Air transport
The travel agent : dealer in dreams
Viewpoint : an introduction to travel, tourism, and hospitality
The effectiveness of poster marketing for a small travel agency : Case: Banaanimatkat
Destination image of Spain - the cases of Aurinkomatkat, Finnmatkat  and Tjäreborg
Quality service : an analysis of the key factors determining customer satisfaction : case study : Select Travel Ltd
Travel agency law
The thesis was commisioned by Oy Aurinkomatkat – Suntours Ltd Ab. The main objectives of the study were to explore how Central European tour operators view the traditional travel brochure in their marketing. The main questions were the following: what is its condition now and how is it expected to be materialized in the future, what is the number of imprented brochures, what other significant marketing channels are employed and what is the sales distribution between direct-selling and online selling.     The literature review was composed by using previous studies related to this particular subject and by diverse literature on tourism marketing and management. The stufy itself was conducted by means of structured and theme interviews. All the data were collected between the period of March 2010 and March 2011. The respondents represent the  management of each company.      The main findings of the study reveal that the Finnish tour operators, TUI based Finnmatkat and Tjäreborg, have abandoned the traditional travel brochure recently whereas the other TUI partners, TUI Ukraine and TUI Deutschland, still maintain the production and have not planned to end the production anytime soon. The reasons for the Finnish tour operators rejection of brochures included the lack of demand, environmental issues and the lack of financial, temporal and human resources as well as the huge transition into online based planning and booking. Environmental reasons seemed to be more important factors for Tjäreborg whereas Finnmatkat did not even mention the ecological aspect. It is also significant to notice the differences between the leaflets now available for the customers. TUI Deutschland defends its decision of proceeding the production by presenting the huge selection of products and segments. TUI Ukraine regards traditional brochure as convenient and needed. However, it is also possible to build a successful business without any brochure, leaflet or flyer. L'Tur is a viable example of this.
Service quality has become one of the most researched subjects within service marketing however, in spite of the substantial amount of research done; students are left with little attention. Students as a consumer group have increasingly started to travel and they have more disposable income than previously, making them a significant target group for tour operators, with potential for profitable activity. The aim of this study is to gain an insight into how students perceive tour operators' service quality. This was studied by generating three research issues, which were derived from the hierarchical model developed in chapter 2, literature review. The objectives of this study are to clarify prior research in the field and to develop a framework for research, to develop and justify the appropriate research methodology for collecting primary data and to display and analyse primary data, and to reach conclusions about them. This research was done qualitatively by conducting totally ten in-depth interviews. Three were done of each tour operator and one extra of Aurinkomatkat. The interviews were recorded, transcribed and coded before analysis. A case analysis was conducted of each tour operator separately, followed by cross case analyses covering all research issues. The analysis showed that the conceptual model does not apply to this specific study and therefore a descriptive framework is presented.  In the descriptive framework the three levels of hierarchy are maintained, but the dimensions in them change as their perceived importance varied from the anticipated one. On the first level of hierarchy, the most important ones are interaction and value for money and time, and on the second level, the sub-dimensions are the environment, waiting time and tangibles together with the internet. The most important determinant was however the interaction, which after being perceived as good or acceptable, allowed the other dimensions to have their impact on service quality as a whole.
Travel brochure as a marketing tool
Analysis of a new product package for a travel agency
Competitiveness of small travel agencies : impacts of specialization
Nordic Ferry Center seeks more passengers
Travel intermediaries going online - an analysis of the driving forces : case Finnish tour operators
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Book 2 (modules 5 to 7), Tour programmes, Travel formalities, Customer service and selling skills
A young SME in a rival market
The travel and tourism industry : strategies for the future
Rethinking mass tourism : professional discourses of contemporary mass tourism and destinations
Tourism. 1, student's book
Service quality in package tour to Vietnam : travel agencies perspective
Advertising Estonian tours in Finland : case of Wris Travel Agency
Travel trade and transport
Tourism : a modern synthesis
Online value proposition of tourist information center : case Kemi
Travel perspectives : a guide to becoming a travel professional
The travel agency business has been experiencing rapid changes during the recent years as consolidation has resulted in larger company size thus intensifying competition. In such an environment smaller companies have been finding it increasingly difficult to operate successfully. One way for smaller companies to survive in the competition is to form partnerships and thus gain access to similar economies of scale that the multiple-outlet companies have.  The topic of partnership formation was approached through an actual travel agency partnership that has been experiencing difficulties with launching the operations and that has hitherto not been able to fulfil the partners' expectations. In order to find out how travel agencies can form partnerships and operate them efficiently a case-study of a recently established partnership of five independent travel agencies was conducted. The research focused on organisational structure and aimed at finding out how structure affects efficiency in hybrid organisations that are formed when companies join together to form partnerships.  As a basis for the research a theoretical framework for developing structure in hybrid organisations was developed. The framework begins by observing organisational structure on a general level, that may be applied to all kinds of organisations, and proceeds to examining a step-by-step model for progressing in partnership formation.  The research method used was a qualitative case-study research following the interpretivist research philosophy. The data collection was conducted with semi-structured interviews with the owner/managers of the five companies that form the partnership. The data was then analysed by using content analysis.  The analysis indicated the current structure of the organisation to be non-existent due to lack of planning regarding structure. The research also revealed significant differences in the partners' perceptions regarding the partnership, which contributed to their views of what problems exist in the current organisation and how they could be resolved. These differences between the partners require immediate attention from the management before the organisation may be developed further.
Incoming agencies, regional operators in Finland
The research on customer satisfaction begun in the 1960's by Cardozo. During the 1980's, customer satisfaction became a popular field of study. Since then, the environment of the consumer marketplace has altered significantly. Valuing the customer and ensuring his/her satisfaction has become an obligatory part of today's aggressive business environment. In our technologically advanced global economy, competing organizations can easily copy another organization's product and price. On the other hand, competitors aren't able to duplicate another organization's customer relationships. In addition, organizations are encountering a more highly-educated customer that is aware of the various services and levels of quality that are obtainable. Therefore the key ingredient of ongoing success is the ability to satisfy customers.  Majorca and Costa del Sol, Spain are both old and traditional destinations that the tour operators have been selling for decades. Especially Majorca has tried to do a face lift over the past years with different kind of environment programs and policies. The premise here is to find out why are these destinations still offered by the tour operators and are they considered attractive these days, in other words, is it profitable to keep them in the selection.  The research problem of the thesis is: What makes customers of the tour operator Tjäreborg satisfied or unsatisfied with the package tours made to Majorca and Costa del Sol, Spain. Thus, the aim is: To examine the satisfaction vs. dissatisfaction of the customers of Tjäreborg with the package tours made to Majorca and Costa Del Sol.   It was considered that the best way to experiment this problem was to use the quantitative position in the thesis. The essence of quantitative research is the study of the relationships between variables. In this research a non-experimental, survey research method and design are used and the instrument used in the study is a questionnaire. The sample was drawn for practical reasons from the population of internet bookers that have made package tours to Majorca and Costa Del Sol. The size of sample was 400 and Tjäreborg sent an e-mail containing the link of the questionnaire to the respondents, from which 246 filled and returned the questionnaire.   The results indicate that the people traveling to these destinations are not tourists but vacationers according to their expectations and motives for traveling.  The overall satisfaction of the trip was rather high -the mean being 4,02 (on the five point Likert scale - 1 = very unsatisfied and 5 = very satisfied) compared to the scores of the individual variables, which leave a lot of room for improvement.
The quality on services served to tourist visiting Estonia varies enormously. Some segments might earn even the best possible objective evaluation but it's sort of a rule that as a balance you will find also one segment which requires serious attention and improvement. When tourist faces these kind of services you can't really prevent the total image to get ruined. The aim of Quality Tourism OÜ is to provide the complete service package with certain standard level on each segment of the services for the tourists visiting Estonia. This way they can be guaranteed pleasant holiday without disappointing surprises. To be able to solve the problems and the same time earn some extra profit from their business, the company ordered themselves a quality standard system to work as a beneficial tool both towards the tourists and the companies working in the tourism industry. Author designed the quality standard system to meet the requested requirements. The system was later on compared with the already existing system and some of the most valuated features were applied. Also several entrepreneurs on the industry were interviewed to set up right criteria. The quality standard system is a tool which transforms the objective evaluation coming from the specialist evaluators and volunteer tourist into balanced and unambiguous totality allowing both the end users (tourists) and companies (quality program participants) to follow how different service providers manage, which are their strength and weaknesses. System involves the psychological point of view and takes out the inevitable effects caused by the differences on the evaluators national background, travel experience, age, sex, family relations etc. The system has earned attention in the company customer field and tourists have found it as a pleasant way to improve their and other tourists' holiday experience. Now the quality program is on the trial phase and gathers companies to participate the project. From the trial phase they make the case studies which are used next year when the full launch happens.
Developing a business plan for a travel agency : case company: Scandic info
The economics of tourism
Tour operators go shopping for a market share
Co-operation and interaction between people can be considered as central key factors for success. An organisation without any partnerships could not survive in an increasingly globalised, competitive and uncertain environment. Especially organisations which operate among service industry have to put effort on co-operation and interaction. This is because the product that is sold is service. There are always chances of potential cultural conflicts and misunderstandings in every cross-cultural partnership. Therefore cultural differences are something that should be taken seriously.    This thesis was done on Aurinkomatkat's assignment for Destination Services and Production departments. The thesis was implemented during fall 2010 and winter 2011. The purpose was primarily to try to answer what procedures improve the co-operation and what factors may possibly weaken the co-operation. Also the current state of the functionality of co-operation was examined. The research was implemented both from Aurinkomatkat destination managers' and from contract managers' point of views.    Both quantitative and qualitative methods were used as research methods. The main research method was an online survey. The respondents of the survey were Aurinkomatkat's destination managers. The total response percentage was 36.25%. Two contracting managers were interviewed about the same kinds of issues than the destination managers were asked in the survey.    The research results showed that in general the co-operation between Aurinkomatkat and their partners abroad works well. Sharing information and misunderstandings were listed as the biggest challenges and issues that cause conflicts. Cultural differences such as different kind of concept of time affects to co-operation. Areas of improvements were recognised and the most meaningful of them were more open communication between all the partners, clearer views of who to inform and more common get-togethers with the partners.
Travel perspectives : a  guide to becoming a travel professional
The Interest in IATA/UFTAA courses in Finland : case: advanced- and travel agency marketing course
Finnish review
Loyal customer in the travel agency
Effects of social media marketing on operations of a travel
Marketing plan for travel agency Ven-Fin Tour Oy
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Module 4, Extracts
Usage of the extranet and SeaWeb in Finnish travel agencies
Roles of travel agencies of Nepal in promoting ecotourism
Travel agency practice
Travel patterns : past and present : three studies
Finland's visibility in Great Britain's online booking and travel information portals
Competitive analysis of travel packages to New York City
Travel planning online for dummies
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Course guide
Information technology for travel and tourism
Matkatoimistoalan keskeiset säädökset = Main regulations for travel agent sector also in English
Thomas Cook & Son and the Egyptian season
Customer satisfaction in the package tours made to Majorca and Costa del Sol, Spain : company: Tjäreborg
Implementation of Amadeus Agency Manager (financial aspects) : case: Oy Ebookers Finland Ltd
Young People as a Customer Segment for Travel Agency Services
Service quality of tour operators : students' perceptions of Aurinkomatkat, Finnmatkat and Tjäreborg
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Exercise book (including answers)
Liikenteen tilinpäätöstilasto = Bokslutsstatistik över samfärdsel = Financial statements statistics of transport and communication. 1987.
The aim of this research was to find out that how can Saimaan Matkaverkko get added value to their daily business operations by using social media. Saimaan Matkaverkko is a travelling company founded in 1996 and they are focused on making excursions to Russia. The company made their first Facebook page in spring 2010 and in addition to that they have only home pages. They were interested in finding out that what opportunities can social media and social networks give to the company.  The research is presenting social media and the main social networks and the term Web 2.0 to help Saimaan Matkaverkko to understand what different networks there are and how can the technology benefit the company. Then the research is explaining how the role of marketing and the 4 P's of marketing mix have changed because of social media by using Sami Salmenkivi's CREF model. This is introduced because it is essential to Saimaan Matkaverkko to know how social media has changed marketing behavior. Based on this knowledge the research is introducing benefits and challenges what social media brings to the company.  The research is based on theoretical part but in addition to get more knowledge about the topic, I made an online survey, where is used both quantitative and qualitative research methods. The survey was sent to different travelling agencies, working in Finland to explore how much knowledge they had about social media. Based on the theoretical part and the survey there are different ways introduced in the end of the research that how can Saimaan Matkaverkko get added value to their daily business operations when using social networks.
Designing for e-commerce : a lean UX approach
How emotional labour is performed by travel agency clerks
The world of global distribution systems : fact and theory
Global distribution systems (GDSs) in the tourism industry : draft : a study prepared for WTO
Customer awareness and customer attraction for TEMA-matkat : Finnmatkat specialty travel case
The business of travel agency & tour operations management
Impacts of international catastrophes of travel agencies : case: Olympia Air Travel Ltd
Effective communications and IMC tools in travel agency : case: Grenseland AS
Virtual travel agencies : tourist value through travel information systems
Structural changes in external environment affecting retailing travel agencies
Co-operation and partnership relations between Oy Aurinkomatkat - Suntours Ltd Ab and their partners abroad
Electronic commerce is a constantly growing business form in the world. At the same time, the income of middle class in developing countries is increasing, which booms the world s tourism and a demand for traditional and online travel agencies can be perceived.  The objective of this thesis is to find the current shortcomings or limitations in eCommerce in consumer retailing, with a focus on online travel agencies operating in Finland. There exist several researches relating to the eCommerce barriers in the travel services field, but not any from the Finnish perspective.  The main research problem is: What are the barriers to eCommerce of online travel agencies (OTAs) operating in Finland?  The research method used in this desktop study is qualitative, a multiple-case study of four online travel agencies: E-ticket, Supersaver, Travellink and Travelstart. The secondary data was collected from several various research reports, research journals, statistics offices data bases, articles, companies websites, study reports and international trade websites.  The results of the research are that in Finland, disintermediation in the value chain of travel services is limiting the online travel agencies sales, the major part of airline ticket sales is direct selling at 86 %, consumers prefer to shop in person, they have no need to buy through the Internet and they have payment security concerns. When examining the case companies websites, there were several deficiencies: lack of contact information, false information, broken and false hyperlinks, customer service poorly available, blogs needed, payment methods to be improved, information to be presented in richer ways and missing customer member pages. The lack of quality in the website of an online travel agency is a concern as it is the only contact in many cases the consumer has with the company.
Creation of quality standard system : for the usage of tourism industry in Estonia (ordered by OÜ Quality Tourism)
