http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3919 deregulation
deregulation
Regulatory reform in the Netherlands
Lessons from liberalised electricity markets
Evaluation of the performance of network industries providing services of general economic interest : 2006 report
European competitiveness report 2007 : commission staff working document COM(2007) 666 final : communications from the Commission {SEC(2007)1444}
Restructuring of electricity industry - international experiences
Summary (s. 11-15).
Brazil : strengthening governance for growth
European television in the digital age : issues, dynamics and realities
Switzerland : seizing the opportunities for growth
Forty years' experience with the OECD Code of Liberalisation of Capital Movements
Trade and competition policies for tomorrow
The engines of European integration : delegation, agency, and agenda setting in the EU
Imposing values : an essay on liberalism and regulation
Energy market liberalisation in the FSU : simulations with the GTAP model
Eassays [i.e. Essays] in deregulated Finnish and Nordic electricity markets
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
Services and free movement in EU law
Quantity versus price competition in the deregulated Finnish electricity markets
Executive summary (s. 9-13).
Impact of reliability of supply on long-term development approaches to electricity distribution networks
The politics of deregulation
Executive summary (s. 11-14).
Open markets matter : the benefits of trade and investment liberalisation
Summary (s. 5).
Abstract (1 s.). Summary (4 s.).
Poland : from transition to new regulatory challenges
Liberalising fisheries markets : scope and effects
GATS 2000 : the General Agreement on Trade in Services : opening markets for services
Deregulation as a means to increase competition and productivity : some Finnish experiences
Financial opening under the WTO agreement in selected Asian countries : progress and issues
Study on the impact of liberalization of inward cross-border mail on the provision of the universal postal service and the options for progressive liberalization : final report
Governance : an international journal of policy and administration
Executive summary (s. 7-11).
Growth from the North : How can Norway, Sweden and Finland achieve sustainable growth in the Scandinavian Arctic? : Report of an independent expert group Prime Minister’s
The commanding heights : the battle between government and the marketplace that is remaking the modern world
Why deregulate labour markets?
Preventing regulatory capture : special interest influence and how to limit it
Regulatory reform in Italy
Evaluation of the performance of network industries providing services of general interest : 2004 report : working paper
Executive summary (s. 9-16).
The changing face of European banks and securities market
Deregulation's impact on the railway freight transport sector's future in the Baltic Sea Region
Regulatory reform in Denmark
Finland : a new consensus for change
The end of a natural monopoly : deregulation and competition in the electric power industry
In search of best Nordic practice : a case study on how to adjust to globalisation
Structural reform in New Zealand : a review
Britain, Germany and 1992 : the limits of deregulation
Banking regulation and supervision : A comparative study of the UK, USA, and Japan
Monetary policy in Finland
Deregulation in placement services : a comparative study for eight EU countries
Configuring the telecommunications infrastructure for the computer age : the economics of network control
Interneteconomics.net : macroeconomics, deregulation, and innovation
Principles of Justice and the European Union : proceedings of the COST A7 seminar Stockholm, February, 17 and 18, 1995 Institute for European Law, Stockholm university
Deregulation of retail hours in Finland : historical and empirical perspectives
Lawyers, markets and regulation
European competitiveness report 2006 : communication from the commission COM(2006) 697 final : commission staff working document SEC(2006) 1467/2
Globalization and marginality in geographical space : political, economic and social issues of development in the new millennium
Liberalizing international transactions in services : a handbook
France : charting a clearer way forward
Regulatory impact analysis : a tool for policy coherence
Evaluation of the performance of network industries providing services of general economic interest : 2005 report : working paper
Three assessments of Finland's economic crisis and economic policy
The use of human rights arguments in the debate for and against the liberalisation of trade
Regulatory reform in Japan
Regulation : legal form and economic theory
Regulatory reform in the United States
Executive summary (s. 9-12).
Testing for competition in banking : behavioral evidence from Finland
Deregulation as a means to increase competition : Some Finnish experiences
Russia : building rules for the market
Financial regulation : changing the rules of the game
Executive summary (s. 9-18).
Regulatory reform in Ireland
Regulatory reform in Korea
A political backlash against the market economy? : papers and proceedings of a symposium held at Mustio Manor on June 18th to 20th, 1999.
Aviation industry in Northern Europe : the role of low-cost competition
The Finnish banking crisis and its handling : (an update of developments through 1993)
Global finance in the new century : beyond deregulation
The irony of regulatory reform : the deregulation of American telecommunications
Trade, investment and development : reaping the full benefits of open markets
Liberalised electricity markets : strengths and weaknesses in Finland and NordPool
Comparative analysis of liberalisation of electricity markets between Finland and Baltic states
The media and democracy
The market economy and its regulation. 21, Withdrawal symptoms arising from the rolling back of the state : the United Kingdom experience of "re-inventing regulation"
Regulatory reform in Spain
A variant of dynamic programming algorithm for unit commitment optimization in combined heat and power production planning
A study on the deregulation of the Finnish electricity markets
Japan : progress in implementing regulatory reform
Deregulation or re-regulation? : regulatory reform in Europe and the United States
Regulatory reform in European banking
Liberalized and neglected? : food marketing policies in Eastern Africa
Does market-entry regulation matter? : competition in television broadcasting and programme diversity in Finland 1993-2002
The new European economy revisited
Improving the quality of legislation in Europe
Summary (s. 7-12).
Deregulation of railroads and future development scenarios in Europe : literature analysis of privatization process taken place in US, UK and Sweden
The Finnish banking crisis and its handling
The impact of volatility development on the pricing of equity - an empirical study covering a period of market deregulations in Finland
Evaluation of the performance of network industries providing services of general economic interest : 2006 report : Commission staff working document SEC(2007) 1024
Competition problems in liberalized telecommunications : regulatory solutions to promote effective competition
Summary and conclusions (s. 7-20).
Computational market dynamics simulations of the New Zealand electricity spot price
Regulatory reforms, railway organisation and cost efficiency : a study of the Swedish model
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
Executive summary (s. 11-13).
Executive summary (s. 9-15).
Non-profit maximising organisations and the impact of privatisation, liberalisation and public-sector reform
Regulation, deregulation, reregulation : institutional perspectives
Principles of justice and the law of the European Union : proceedings of the COST A7 seminar Hanasaari, Helsinki, Finland. October 17-19, 1994 : preliminary version
Capital ideas : the IMF and the rise of financial liberalization
Regulatory reform in Greece
Asia and Europe : services liberalisation
Financial markets and organizational technologies : system architectures, practices and risks in the era of deregulation
Regulatory reform : European gas
Executive summary (s. 8-19).
Abstract (1 s.).
International handbook on economic regulation
The politics of telecommunications : national institutions, convergence, and change in Britain and France
Institutions, technology and markets in industry evolution : causal and evolutionary mechanisms in a regulated industry
Summary (s. 9-21).
In search of open skies : law and policy for a new era in international aviation : a comparative study of airline deregulation in the United States and European Union
