http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3912 prophecies
prophecies
The weather witch
The genevan school of the prophets : the congrégations of the company of pastors and their influence in 16th century Europe
This volume brings together experts in the study of ancient prayers and divination methods to analyse the variety of means by which human beings sought to communicate with their gods and by which the gods were seen to communicate with their worshippers. In a departure from previous scholarship, the volume brings together the study of prophecy, as an intuitive form of divination, with the study of technical methods of communication and other forms of institutionalised communication such as prayer. Such a format allows divine-human communication to be studied in both directions simultaneously: the means by which the divine communicates to human beings through divination, and the means by which human beings communicate with the divine through prayer. This new perspective on the study of divine-human-divine communication allows scholars to better appreciate the way in which communication and the relationship between heaven and earth was conceived in the ancient near East.
Treated with scorn and fear in her father's kingdom because of a formidable horoscope, 16-year-old Maya commits herself to her education only to land in an arranged marriage that culminates in her sudden elevation to the throne, a situation that is threatened by dark secrets and Otherworldly magic.
What is prophecy? : an ancient Near Eastern perspective
Priestly rule : polemic and biblical interpretation in Ezekiel 44
Prophetic wisdom
The rabbis, the law, and the prophets
The prophethood of all believers : a study in Luke's charismatic theology
Prophetic oracles in the books of Isaiah and Ezekiel evidence tensions about the Jerusalem temple and its priesthood in Persian Yehud. MacDonald's Priestly Rule challenges the scholarly consensus about how these texts relate to each other. He demonstrates how important written prophetic oracles were in the early Jewish community and disputes the dominance of a Zadokite priestly family in the Second Temple period.
Messianic revelation in the Old Testament
Post-exilic polemic over the priesthood -- Ezekiel 44 in modern scholarship -- History and hermeneutics, redaction and reception -- Methodological issues in examining inner-biblical interpretation -- Methodological issues in redaction-criticism -- Overview and prospect -- The rule of priests -- Yhwh's reproach of Israel -- The identity of the foreigners in Ezekiel 44 -- Isaiah 56 and its relationship to Ezekiel 44 -- Yhwh's reproach -- The word of Judgement -- The Levites of Ezekiel 44 -- A Torah concerning the Levites -- The sins of the past -- Bearing sin -- The sons of Zadok -- The composition of Ezekiel 44:6¿16 -- The rules for priests -- The continuation of the divine oracle in the priestly rules -- The priests and their inheritance -- The priests and their vestments -- Priestly conduct -- The instruction concerning hair -- The instruction concerning alcohol -- The instruction concerning marital partners -- The instruction concerning teaching and judicial roles -- The instruction concerning dead bodies -- The relationship between the instructions in Ezekiel 44 and Leviticus 10 and 21 -- The structure and composition of the rules in Ezekiel 44:20:27 -- The missing high priest -- Priestly perquisites -- A pentateuchal compendium -- A précis of priestly income -- Giving each its due -- The prohibition against consuming animal carcasses -- The composition of Eekiel 44:6:31 -- Zadok and the sons of Zadok in Second Temple Judaism -- Zadok and his family in the Book of Chronicles -- The sons of Zadok at Qumran and in the Damascus document -- The sons of Zadok in Ben Sira -- Josephus and the Zadokites -- The Sadducees -- Conclusion -- Conclusions -- Text and historical reality -- The end of the Zadokites -- The beginnings of the Levites -- The Hebrew Bible and the Dead Sea Scrolls.
The mask of Nostradamus
The new world order
Fire in the fireplace : contemporary charismatic renewal
Prophecy in ancient Israel
The prophetic faith of our fathers : the historical development of prophetic interpretation. Vol. 2, Pre-Reformation and Reformation restoration, and second departure
Nostradamus : the New Millenium
Cate Cahill goes into an asylum in order to meet her godmother and another oracle as she continues to try to learn about the prophecy and protect her sisters from the oppressive Brotherhood in an alternate New England of 1900.
Prophetic Jesus, prophetic church : the challenge of Luke-Acts to contemporary Christians
City as lofty as heaven : Arbela and other cities in Neo-Assyrian prophecy
The biblical world. Vol. 2
Fated
Knowing the end from the beginning : the prophetic, the apocalyptic, and their relationships
Jesus : apocalyptic prophet of the new millennium
Printing and prophecy : prognostication and media change, 1450-1550
The Nostradamus reader
2012 : decoding the countercultural apocalypse
The Nathan narratives
"In the final book in the Cahill Witch Chronicles, the Sisters' and the Brotherhood near all-out war as an epidemic breaks out in New London, and the prophecy that one sister will murder another comes ever closer to fruition"--
The romance and prophecies of Thomas of Erceldoune printed from five manuscripts
Rabbinic theology and Israelite prophecy : primacy of the Torah, narrative of the world to come, doctrine of repentance and atonement, and the systematization of theology in the Rabbis' reading of the prophets
Israel's prophetic heritage : essays in honour of James Muilenburg
Scientists as prophets : a rhetorical genealogy
Prophecy in the New Millennium : when prophecies persist
The book of love
The prophetic faith of our fathers : the historical development of prophetic interpretation. Vol. 1, Early church exposition, subsequent deflections, and medieval revival
Religious experience of the pneuma : communication with the spirit world in 1. Corinthians 12 and 14
The prophetic faith of our fathers : the historical development of prophetic interpretation. Vol. 4, New World recovery and consummation of prophetic interpretation
The religion of Paul the Apostle
The mammoth book of Nostradamus and other prophets
Prophecy and the prophets of the Old Testament
Mediating between heaven and earth : communication with the divine in the Ancient Near East
Ithbât an-nubuwwa : the proof of prophethood
The Sibylline oracles : with introduction, translation, and commentary on the first and second books
Wisdom as mediatrix in Sirach 24 : Ben Sira, love lyrics, and prophecy
Oracles of God : perceptions of ancient prophecy in Israel after the Exile
Where is the truth? : narrative exegesis and the question of true and false prophecy in Jer 26-29 (MT)
Revealing prophets : prophecy in Eastern African history
Surprised by the voice of God : how God speaks today through prophecies, dreams, and visions
Quodvultdeus of Carthage : the apocalyptic theology of a Roman African in exile
Prophecy after the prophets? : the contribution of the Dead Sea scrolls to the understanding of biblical and extra-biblical prophecy
The last secret of Fatima : my conversations with Sister Lucia
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 13, Letters from priests to the kings Esarhaddon and Assurbanibal
The biblical world. Vol. 1
Oracles of God : perceptions of ancient prophecy in Israel after the exile
Living at the end of the world
Prophecy in Islam : philosophy and orthodoxy
Looking for miracle : weeping icons, relics, stigmata, visions & healing cures
The scepter and the star : the Messiahs of the Dead Sea Scrolls and other ancient literature
Apocalypse : a history of the end of time
Prophecy and public affairs in later medieval England
On the question of the "Cessation of Prophecy" in ancient Judaism
By Henk Leene In Newness in Old Testament Prophecy: An Intertextual Study Henk Leene examines the relations between the new song raised in the Psalms, the new things concealed in Deutero-Isaiah, the new heaven and the new earth announced in Trito-Isaiah, Ezekiel's new heart and the new spirit, and the envisioned new creation and new covenant in Jeremiah. Where these promises were mainly linked form-critically, Henk Leene assumes their direct literary relations. In what direction does the one promise allude to the other, and how do such allusions draw us into a continuing intertextual dialogue on Israel's expectations about the future? Most challenging is Leene's conclusion that Jeremiah's promise of the new covenant presumes the newness passages from both Ezekiel and Isaiah.
The late great planet earth
Red Shambhala : magic, prophecy, and geopolitics in the heart of Asia
This study provides a fresh analysis of the ancient evidence and the modern scholarship on Quodvultdeus, the bishop of Carthage who was exiled by the Vandals in AD 439. It highlights his apocalyptic theology, showing how he selectively appropriates the eschatological thought of previous Christian authors such as Jerome and Orosius. Particular attention is paid to Augustine's influence on Quodvultdeus in order to draw out the independence of the latter's thought.
The Prophetia Merlini of Geoffrey of Monmouth : a fifteenth-century English commentary
Christian prophecy : the post-biblical tradition
He that cometh : the Messiah concept in the Old Testament and later Judaism
Mesopotamian Divination Texts : Conversing with the Gods : Sources from the First Millennium BCE
Expecting Armageddon : essential readings in failed prophecy
How prophecy lives
Scholars recognize that prophetic traditions, expressions, and experiences stand at the heart of most religions in the ancient Mediterranean world. This is no less true for the world of Judaism and Jesus. The author offers an extensive, cross-cultural survey of the broader expressions of prophecy in its ancient Mediterranean context.
Take another scroll and write : studies in the interpretive afterlife of prophets and prophecy in Judaism, Christianity and Islam
Edgar Cayce: an american prophet
A guide to Biblical prophecy
In The Messianic Hope, Jewish Studies professor Michael Rydelnik argues against the view (growing even among evangelicals) that Old Testament texts historically interpreted as direct prophecies of the Messiah were not really Messianic in their original intent. The concept of a "messianic hope" in Israel is widely thought to be merely a postexilic scriptural phenomenon, and some say the apostles engaged in what one writer called "a creative exegetical enterprise" in order to justify it. But without direct Messianic prophecy in the Old Testament, one of the essential arrows that Jesus and the apostles (as well as the later church) used to defend the messiahship of Jesus is removed from the quiver of contemporary Jewish missions. Furthermore, many New Testament texts are drained of significance that see Jesus as perfectly fitting a mold that the Old Testament writers built text by text. Rydelnik corrects these interpretations and shows how the Old Testament continually points to Christ.
The 2012 story : the myths, fallacies, and thruth behind the most intriguing date in history
The star-touched queen
The story of prophecy : in the life of mankind from early times to the present day
Collected poems
When time shall be no more : prophecy belief in modern American culture
The tales of the prophets of al-Kisa'i
The strange and terrible visions of Wilhelm Friess : the paths of prophecy in Reformation Europe
"This work traces the origins of apocalyptic prophecy in Christianity and Islam through in-depth examinations of several texts found within the Bible, the Quran, and the Hadith. The religious prophecies discussed in this book are largely focused on end-time or apocalyptic scenarios"--Provided by publisher.
2012 : science or superstition : the definitive guide to the doomsday phenomenon
Redemption
Bernardus de cura rei famularis : with some early Scottish prophecies, etc
Prophecy and the fundamentalist quest : an integrative study of Christian and Muslim apocalyptic religion
The crown of embers
At the end of time : the eschatological expectations of the church
"An illustrated, encyclopedic overview of the prophecies, calendars, and theories that indicate the year 2012 is a threshold of great change for humanity"--Provided by publisher.
Reality, grief, hope : three urgent prophetic tasks
The end of historicism : Millerite hermeneutic of time prophecies in the Old Testament
The swords of glass
Growing in the prophetic
Power, politics, and prophecy : the character of Samuel and the Deuteronomistic evaluation of prophecy
Apocalypses : prophecies, cults, and millennial beliefs through the ages
The Bible code
Second coming of Christ : years 2012-2025 and transition to the new epoch
Prophecies and prophecy in Dante's Commedia
Prophetic guide to the end times : facing the future without fear
Divination is one of the best documented intellectual and religious endeavours of Ancient Mesopotamia. Texts pertaining to divination appear already at the beginning of the 2nd millennium BCE and the tradition continued up until the very end of cuneiform culture. But the lifespan of Mesopotamian divination is much longer than two millennia. It gestated in the 3rd millennium and remnants live on to this day in astrology and astronomy. This volume is dedicated to the sources from the 1st millennium. They are rich and varied, consisting of technical and theoretical works, explanatory texts, commentaries as well as ephemeral sources for the practical use of divination in the life of king and commoner. From being the preserves of a very few specialists, divination has become an important topic of study with new text editions and studies appearing every year, this book provides a survey of the sources, as well as an introduction to the history, theory and practice of the various divination genres.
The Sibyl and her scribes : manuscripts and interpretation of the Latin Sibylla Tiburtina, c. 1050-1500
Developing your prophetic gifting
Interpreting the prophets
The poet prince
When prophecy failed : reactions and responses to failure in the Old Testament prophetic traditions
Prophecy in the local church : a practical handbook and historical overview
Christ identity : a social-scientific reading of Philippians 2.5-11
The prophetic faith of our fathers : the historical development of prophetic interpretation. Vol. 3, Part 1, Colonial and early national American exposition ; Part 2, Old World nineteenth century advent awakening
Jeremiah : pain and promise
The oral chronicle of the Boorana in southern Ethiopia : modes of construction and preservation of history among people without writing
Mediating the divine : prophecy and revelation in the Dead Sea Scrolls and Second Temple Judaism
The Mayan prophecy 2012 : The Mayan calendar and the end of time
Millennium prophecies : predictions for the year 2000
References to prophecy in Neo-Assyrian sources
Newness in Old Testament prophecy : an intertextual study
John Calvin on the visions of Ezekiel : historical and hermeneutical studies in John Calvin's "Sermons inédits", especially on Ezek. 36-48
Old Testament theology. Vol. 2, The theology of Israel's prophetic traditions
Heinrich Bullinger of prophecy and the prophetic office (1523-1538)
Pointing out striking correlations between the catastrophe of 9/11 and the destruction of ancient Jerusalem, Brueggemann shows how the prophetic biblical response to that crisis was truth-telling in the face of ideology, grief in the face of denial, and hope in the face of despair. He argues that the same prophetic responses are urgently required from us now if we are to escape the deathliness of denial and despair. --from publisher description.
The dubious image of prophecy
The pursuit of millennium
Apocalyptic futures : marked bodies and the violence of the text in Kafka, Conrad, and Coetzee
This book brings together two areas which are too often studied separately. The Sibyl was an oirginally pagan prophetess appropriated by Hellenistic jews and, later, christians, as a vehicle for their own revelations. J. L. Lightfoot investigates what Sibylline prophecy meant to the jews and christians who practised it. The first section highlights some of the characteristics of the Sibyl and Sibylline prophecy in pagan sources, before going on to consider how jewish and christian authors adapted it to their purposes; how it developed over time, and what relation it bears to their understanding of prophecy in general. The second half of the book presents for the first time an edition, translation and commentary on the first and second books, which offer a compendium of various kinds of prophecy in their survey of worlds history from the creation to Doomsday. These include "rewritten Bible", christological prophecy and an elaborate description of the Last Things, whose relation to the Apocalypse of Peter is here examined in detail for the first time.
Jesus the Seer : the progress of prophecy
2012 and the end of the world : the Western roots of the Maya apocalypse
Sisters' fate
It has often been noted that the Protestant Reformation of the early sixteenth century witnessed a revived interest in the scriptural notions of prophets and prophecy. Drawing from both late medieval apocalyptic expectations of the immanent end of the world and from a humanist revival of biblical studies, the prophet appeared to many as a suitable role model for the Protestant preacher. A prominent proponent of this prophetic model was the Swiss theologian and church leader Heinrich Bullinger (1504–1575). This study by Daniël Timmerman presents the first in-depth investigation of Bullinger's concept of prophecy and his understanding of the prophetic office. It also engages with the history of the Zurich institute for the study of the Scriptures, which has become widely known as the »Prophezei«.
Star cursed
Doomsayers : Anglo-American prophecy in the age of Revolution
"Whether dealing with collective catastrophe or intimate trauma, recovering from emotional and physical hurt is hard. Kathleen O'Connor shows that although Jeremiah's emotionally wrought language can aggravate readers' memories of pain, it also documents the ways an ancient community, and the prophet personally, sought to restore their collapsed social world. Both prophet and book provide a traumatized community language to articulate disaster; move self-understanding from delusional security to identity as survivors; constitute individuals as responsible moral agents; portray God as equally afflicted by disaster; and invite a reconstruction of reality" -- Publisher description.
The spirit who speaks : God's supernatural intervention in your life
Nostradamus : the complete prophecies for the future
Although nearly forgotten today, the prophetic writing of Wilhelm Friess was the most popular work of its kind in Germany in the second half of the 16th century. While the author "Wilhelm Friess" was a convenient fiction, his text had a long and remarkable history as it moved from the papal court in 14th-century Avignon, to Antwerp under Habsburg oppression, to Nuremberg as it was still reeling from Lutheran failures in the Schmalkaldic War, and then back to Antwerp at the outbreak of the Dutch revolt. Dutch scholars have recognised that Frans Fraet was executed for printing a prognostication by Willem de Vriese, but this prognostication was thought to be lost. A few scholars of 16th-century German apocalypticism have briefly noted the prophecies of Wilhelm Friess but have not studied them in depth. The Strange and Terrible Visions of Wilhelm Friess is the first to connect de Vriese and Friess, as well as recognise the prophecy of Wilhelm Friess as an adaptation of a French version of the Vademecum of Johannes de Rupescissa, making these pamphlets by far the most widespread source for Rupescissa's apocalyptic thought in Reformation Germany. The book explains the connection between the first and second prophecies of Wilhelm Friess and discovers the Calvinist context of the second prophecy and its connection to Johann Fischart, one of the most important German writers of the time. Jonathan Green provides a study of how textual history interacts with print history in early modern pamphlets and proposes a model of how early modern prophecies were created and transmitted. The Strange and Terrible Visions of Wilhelm Friess makes important contributions to the study of early modern German and Dutch literature, apocalypticism and confessionalisation during the Reformation, and the history of printing in the 16th century.
The earth mourns : prophetic metaphor and oral aesthetic
The messianic hope : is the Hebrew Bible really messianic?
Beyond 2012 : catastrophe or awakening? : a complete guide to end-of-time predictions
Foretold : 14 stories of prophecy and prediction
The complete prophecies of Nostradamus
Jesus Christ message to all nations
Prophecy past and present
The Messiah in the Old Testament
The end of days
Of poetry and politics : new essays on Milton and his world
