http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3927 data systems
data systems
An example of a synergistic relationship between software architecture and a domain-specific language
Setting  "condition of order preservation" requirements for the priority vector  estimate in AHP is not justified
Rapid information systems development : a non-specialist's guide to analysis and design in an imperfect world
Information systems development in developing countries : risk management and sustainability analysis in Nigerian software companies
Migrating a legacy system as an MVC-architectural application
Using information technology : a practical introduction to computers & communications
Problems in Information Systems Development
Adoption possibilities and use of RFID in Nigeria health sector
Multimedia interface design in education
Integrated library systems : planning, selecting, and implementing
Groupware, workflow and intranets : reengineering the enterprise with collaborative software
Adoption of Enterprise Resource planning system in an organization
A Guide For Requirement Specification Of Identity And Access Management In Health Care
Research of ERP Application Prospects and Its Implementation at Chinese SMEs
IT integration after an acquisition or a merger : how corporations could enhance their IT acquisition integration processes
Fine tuning a locally adaptive data compression scheme
The roles of IT : studies of organising when implementing and using enterprise systems
eHealth of Finland : check point 2006
Service science and logistics informatics : innovative perspectives
Enterprise architecture planning in practice : the perspectives of information and communication technology service provider and end-user
Server Consolidation with VMware ESXi 3.5
ERP Systems: optimizing business benefits
The object of this Master’s thesis was to describe the basic functionalities provided by identity and access management system (IAM) and their suitability for a health care environment. Specifying and defining the IAM project began in the Northern Ostrobothnia Hospital District in 2007. The preliminary work for enabling identity and access management automation has been done ever since. Most of the requirement specification work was done during the autumn 2013 for the IAM SSO project in the Northern Ostrobothnia Hospital District. The work consisted of studying various aspects of identity and access management and also analyzing the current state and describing the target state. The studying process consisted of understanding and describing authoritative requirements of IAM in health care, discovering the special features of IAM in Finnish health care and defining the basic IAM use cases in health care. The result of the study was that identity and access management processes should be guided with strict working period or service period information. They are the master data for both internal and external users. They can be used to define user rights, access rights and their active and inactive periods. The quality of the master data affects the whole IAM process. Attaching smart cards to AD enables network and domain login but also managing complicated multi-role identities. IAM is a never-ending process. After critical and key systems have been integrated to an IAM system, there will always be yet another integration to be built. New information systems will be deployed and they need to be integrated to the IAM system. The legislation changes all the time, and the organization structures will also change from time to time. All these affect IAM processes and the functionalities of the IAM system. A properly maintained IAM system will help dealing with the changes.
Enhancing the usability and availability of information infrastructure essential for securing the vital functions of society : final report
Interactive learning-oriented decision support tool for nonlinear multiobjective optimization : Pareto navigator
Formal development of resilient distributed systems
FreeRADIUS for small and medium-sized companies
Multi-channel solutions for interactive services : channels and their rates of interactivity
A paradigmatic analysis of contemporary schools of IS development : the temporary and literature analysis
Abstract.
It is important for a company, whose income is based on the number of the active customers to have a way to track how well they can keep their customers and to know what their customers think about their services. The aim of this Bachelor’s thesis was to develop a new feature that allows the manager of a company to track the rate in which company loses active customers and a way that allows managers to create surveys or ask questions that can help them to improve their services, this information can then help them reduce the rate in which they lose customers. The feature was developed using PHP, HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS and MySQL. PHPUnit testing framework was utilized for testing backend PHP code and Twig template engine was utilized for frontend PHP. As a result of this thesis, a new feature was implemented into an existing system. This feature has 2 views. The first one allows the manager of a company to view the customer attrition rate displayed as a line chart or in a table. Another one allows the manager to create questions for the customers and the created questions will then be displayed to customers when they log into the service. In future the feature can be expanded to track the rate of how long customers stay active after joining or adding new types of tracked customers by age, family relations or group exercise.
Blockchain basics : a non-technical introduction in 25 steps
Information system for a secondary school in Nigeria: a case study on CHSA
Interoperability of heterogeneous information systems : interim report of the COST 11ter project
Cloud computing toolkit : guidance for outsourcing information storage to the cloud
How to set up information systems : a non-specialist's guide to the multiview approach
Principles of information systems : a managerial approach
Architecture principles : the cornerstones of enterprise architecture
The past and future of information systems
Co-development of work and information systems : an analysis of the construction of the Activity­Driven ISD methodology in 2001-2013
"This fascinating tale of the rise and fall of mini-computer-based integrated library systems (ILS) offers both an explanation of the technical workings--still being used daily--and a historical investigation"--Provided by publisher.
The making of information systems : software engineering and management in a globalized world
Proceedings of the 9th OOPSLA Workshop on Domain-Specific Modeling (DSM'09)
Electronic safety and soundness : securing finance in a new age
A context-aware approach to user profiling with interactive preference learning
Exploring the elements for value co-creation in consumer information systems in B2B context : a case study on the business event industry
PLM-ERP integration
Imaging the past : electronic imaging and computer graphics in museums and archaeology
Individual adoption of IS in organisations : a literature review of the intention-based theories
The effectiveness of office information systems : a social action perspective
SAP on the cloud
Data quality challenges in network automation systems : case study of a multinational financial services corporation
Information in the language sciences : proceedings of the conference held at Airlie House, Warrenton, Virginia, March 4-6, 1966
Management information systems : a user perspective
Using accounting information : an introduction
Thermal-aware networked many-core systems
Information systems actability : understanding information technology as a tool for business action and communication
Second generation expert systems
Structured testing of information systems : an introduction to TMap
Identifying efficient units in large-scale Dea models : using efficient frontier approximation
Computer models for accountants
Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on Defining a European Research Agenda on Information Systems and Management in eMedia Industries : Bled, Slovenia, 9th-13th June 2013
Deployment of IT an service management system : Uponor Corporation
Electronic invoicing initiatives in Finland and in the European Union : taking the steps towards the real-time economy
Information architecture for information professionals
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
The analysis, design, and implementation of information systems
"I want to see what others have found interesting" : online social filtering of news and magazine articles
Information technology for non-profit organisations : extended Participatory Design of an information systems for trade union shop stewards
Knowledge demanded for action : studies of knowledge mediation in organisations
Database design : know it all
System level performance evaluation of distributed embedded systems
Implementing warranty system to extranet application
A covering structure of IS quality concepts
Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 development cookbook : solve real-world Microsoft Dynamics AX development problems with over 80 practical recipes
"This book provides both business and IT professionals a reference for practices and guidelines to service innovation in logistics and supply chain management"--Provided by publisher.
Perspectives of information systems
Continuous system engineering : discovering the organizational potential of standard software
Decision support systems : putting theory into practice
Computer systems
The role of ICT in the value co-creation process
IT artefact renewal : triggers, timing and benefits
Object-oriented systems analysis and design
Developing a Remote Maintenance system
Lectio praecursoria : the interaction of organisational structure and humans in knowledge integration
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
Linear hybrid action systems
A guide for requirement specification of identity and access management in health care
Programming reactive extensions and LINQ
Business information technology management alternative and adaptive future
Implementing parser tool to visualize trace and error log files in Media Gateway
Demystifying big data and machine learning for healthcare
Application Workflow Analysis and Simulation
Control, sense-making and argumentation : articulating and exploring the intellectual structures of information systems
Reframing humans in information systems development
Accounting and information systems
Principles of database and knowledge-base systems. 1, Classical database systems
A Research for Finding a Potential Point of Sale System Vendor for Peroba Ltd.
Building an enterprise architecture practice : tools, tips, best practices, ready-to-use insights
Managing information for the competitive edge
Workflow Management : Models, Methods, and Systems
Quality of EIS support and maintenance services
The exploit marketplace
Visualization of dynamic information
Handling geographical information : methodology and potential applications
Design of online shopping system
Cash flow planning software as a part of an accounting information system
Capacity modeling of IT systems
An approach to systems engineering tool data representation and exchange
CISSP for dummies
Methods and associated tools for the information systems life cycle : proceedings of the IFIP WG8.1 Working Conference on Methods and Associated Tools for the Information Systems Life Cycle, Maastricht, The Netherlands, 26-28 September, 1994
Setting up SAP Laboratory for Education and Project Purposes – Case: ERP Central Component
Institutionalizing cloud infrastructure : major change factors and business reformations
Database systems : a practical approach to design, implementation, and management
Designing and implementing architectural changes for Life Cycle Tracking (LCT)
Methodology engineering in CASE shells : design issues and current practice
Explaining users' critical incidents of physical mobile interactions
Database Replication – an Overview of Replication Techniques in Common Database Systems
Computers and information systems : an introduction
Project management for information system development
Model component reuse : conceptual foundations and application in the metamodeling-based systems analysis and design environment
This book provides background as to how analytical solutions and enterprise architecture methodologies and concepts have evolved (including the roles of data warehouses, business intelligence tools, predictive analytics, data discovery, big data, and the impact of the internet of things). It combines practical advice with technical considerations to help you grasp the big picture of the trend toward enterprise analytic solutions; define and validate a vision for a future state within your organization; ensure that your vision is aligned with line-of-business needs; understand available skills and align your IT infrastructure to the new vision; address data governance, security, data quality, and other important attributes; implement the new vision while dealing successfully with changes in scope.
PlyMES Reporting
Parents of invention : the development of library automation systems in the late 20th century
Requirements Engineering Process for Sales Management System : Case study: Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd.
This thesis studies national requirements for hospital information systems in the Finnish private healthcare. The thesis has been carried out done during the years of 2013-2015 and the customer company is Nexamed Ltd. Nexamed is the vendor of the hospital information system called OneClinic. The main customer sector of OneClinic is the Finnish private healthcare. The target of this thesis is to find the differences between the requirements of the Finnish private healthcare and the existing OneClinic functionalities. Because OneClinic is based on a Danish hospital information system called MyClinic, also the Danish private healthcare requirements for the hospital information system are described in some of the thesis topics. This thesis describes the requirements at the general level. Especially the thesis focuses on the authority requirements. The thesis presents high level requirements for electronic medical record systems set by the national patient data repository (i.e. eArchive) and national prescription centre (i.e. ePrescription service). In addition the requirements set by the Kela direct imbursement and new requirements for the OneClinic financial management functionalities set by the Finnish private healthcare are presented in this thesis. Background information for this thesis is collected from the specifications of the authority requirements, laws and discussions with representatives of the Finnish private healthcare. The thesis concludes that the patient treatment processes in Finland and Denmark are similar at the general level but there are a great deal of differences in details. The eArchive service and the ePrescription service in Finland are setting high requirements to the OneClinic information system. Also, financial management processes in the Finnish private healthcare contain new requirements for the OneClinic information system. Especially requirements set by the Kela exists only in Finland.
An investigation of factors influencing the success of customer-oriented marketing information systems
Conceptual modeling and the lexicon
Information security architecture for Data VPN-service
Information systems concepts for management
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Infrastructure : building a framework for corporate information handling
National requirements for hospital information systems in private healthcare
Geographic indexing and data management for 3D-visualisation
Integrated information systems
From tailoring to appropriation support : negotiating groupware usage
Event Pass Generator
Replacing traditional ERP with EAI : the next generation's ERP
Enhancing Project Management with Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007
Advanced systems management : local administrator's guide
Automated Customer Support System
An Example of a Synergistic Relationship Between Software Architecture and a Domain-Specific Language
Further Development of Tieto Software Product Quality Analysis System
Information systems in the construction industry in Finland
Information systems in context : building a tool for analysing the sociotechnical context of organisational information systems
Measuring the implementation of a CRM for salespeople : a case study in a sales organization
Business information systems : analysis, design and practice
Potential and process for an IS restructuring
Exploring value propositions and value drivers in task oriented information intensive online communities : case study - metal detecting find database
European journal of information systems : an official journal of the Operational Research Society
Creating student internship database for Laurea University of Applied Sciences
State-of-the-art portfolio selection : using knowledge-based systems to enhance investment performance
Managing information : for continual improvement
The joint impact of environmental uncertainty and tolerance of ambiguity on managers' perceptions of the usefulness of managment accounting information in large and small firms
Developing a Reclaim Information System : Case: Lemminkäinen Betonituote
Enterprise Resource Planning and Obstacles in The Implementation Process : The Case of Kalmar
Electronic negotiations : models, systems and agents
Semantics-based access control in business networks
Accounting information systems
Integrating user feedback management, information system and new service development : case E-banking service
Implementation of a registry management component for mobile sampling service
PLM-ERP INTEGRATION
Interoperability of heterogeneous information systems : final report of the COST 11ter project
Open systems and standards for software product development
Digital reference service
Introduction to information systems : an Internetworked enterprise perspective
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
Summary.
Maximizing return on investment using ERP applications
The development of expertise in information systems design
Product lifecycle management
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Abstract: Currently UPM plywood production has a tailor made reporting platform that handles all production related data. This reporting platform is called PlyNET and it is based on Mi-crosoft SQL Reporting Services (SSRS) technology. PlyNET platform is fully developed by the UPM IT-department and in the long run that could cause problems concerning product support and future development. During 2011-2012 UPM has implemented a standard MES solution for plywood production based on GE Intelligent Platforms' Proficy product family. This system is called PlyMES. the Proficy platform includes standard out-of-the-box reports, but these reports were found to be insufficient and needed to be extended or replaced. To be able to extend PlyMES reports and merge these with existing PlyNET reports, Novotek Report Plus (NRP) reporting tool was chosen as a candidate. Like PlyNET, the NRP platform is also based on standard SQL Server Reporting Services (SRSS) technology. Using NRP, UPM specific reports based on data in the PlyMES system can be designed and existing PlyNET reports can be merged together with PlyMES reports into single reporting portal. The goal of this thesis is to explore the possibility to use Novotek Report Plus as a single reporting portal for PlyMES and PlyNET reports. Alongside of this project WIP inventory balance, plywood average thickness and produced plywood quantity reports will be de-signed and created.
The economics of information systems and software
Information systems project management : how to deliver function and value in information technology projects
Enterprise modelling in practice : situational factors and their influence on adopting a participative approach
Employee commitment to CRM implementation : Case: Wärtsilä Ship Power
PlyMes reporting
Common NIS environment in NMP Finland
Abstract: The purpose of the thesis was to identify if there are less known factors affecting employees' willingness to adopt a new IM tool, in this case CRM. It is obvious the tool itself can always be improved but it may not explain all the reluctance usually involved in adoption of such IM implementations. This thesis researched the problem in a technology company Wärtsilä Corporation focusing on Ship Power business. It is quite common that the implementation of CRM fails, which is confirmed by numerous examples in CRM literature. CRM is a change management project and therefore both change management and internal marketing were investigated as a part of the research. First 5 in-depth interviews were conducted in Ship Power to be able to define which elements seem to discourage the adoption of CRM most. The interviews gave ideas how quantitative research questions could be phrased concerning technology, processes and leadership. E-questionnaire was sent to 76 respondents based on stratified sample. 46 responses were received. The results revealed that despite recognizing CRM a good tool in Wärtsilä Ship Power there are still some developments to be made on technology. Managers' commitment seems to be on a good level, but there are still some defects in the leadership, which should be tackled. It is evident that employee commitment is a significant factor for successful CRM implementation. Mere technology, however advanced it is, cannot guarantee the success. Consequently affective commitment to change of the employees is worth of pursuing.
Development of a customer retention feature for FitnessBooker
Building a foundation for an energy station service platform
Business intelligence : the savvy manager's guide
e-Manufacturing : towards global engineering
Management information systems : organization and technology
The determinants affecting on the investment proposals adoption
Technology acceptance of digital historical record database systems among historians
Inviting lead users from virtual communities to co-create : innovative IS services in a structured groupware environment
User interfaces for geo informatic systems : features and functions
Inside Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012
Information systems and critical theory : a critical assesment
Enhanced JBIG-based compression for satisfying objectives of engineering document management system
Predictive data-driven modeling approaches in environmental management decision-making
Information security policies and actions in modern integrated systems
GIS guide to good practice
Security 2020 : Reduce security risks this decade
Instructor's manual to accompany The analysis, design, and implementation of information systems, fourth edition
The computer time bomb : how to keep the century date change from killing your organization
The functional fit between collaborative software and network systems : qualification of work system needs to software functionality
Business intelligence : enabling self-service : a case study in global manufacturing company
Information architecture : the design and integration of information spaces
The roles of information systems in a value net
Information architecture in web design : Case Lähde työelämään - Spring to Work
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Integrating graphical information system models with visualization techniques
Portfolio approach to information systems
Land cover : annual topic update 1997
Improving Quality in Evolving Software Development Team Practices
Design as discourse : representation, representational practice, and social practice
Measurement system in the wooden mid-rise apartment
Management information systems : a managerial end user perspective
Development of project management and financial management solutions
The purpose of this thesis was to examine the target company’s current situation regarding the project management tools as well as organize and carry out the system survey project and also to produce a proposal for a possible system acquisition to the management team. The final goal was to implement the new system(s), arrange training events, create user instructions and control the production transfer. Data evaluation of the current state was collected from the different users personally. The launch for the thesis was also supported by the previously held job satisfaction survey in the target company, which indicates the need for the system and process development. The obtained data was part of the requirement specification for the system survey process whose outcome was chosen a suitable system and vendor. The implementation process was carried out with the company’s project team and close cooperation with the vendor. Finally the new system(s) and the practices were successfully implemented and realized. In the end, the user satisfaction survey was arranged in order to review the practical results of implementation. The questionnaires were sent to almost 100 people around the organization. The evaluated questionnaire results show that the outcome of the implementation process was a major step forward in the company project related to tools. In addition of the project management tools, the company’s financial management system as well as other company's operations were harmonized, electrified and updated. The final review of the implementation project showed that the achieved state enables more efficient project related actions. The results prove that the final outcome is now supporting better the company’s business operations in many ways and will bring more value adding business activities around the organization. Therefore, further studies do not need to be conducted in the near future in this area but some development actions still remained to be solved. These issues relates to the existing functions of the implemented systems which need to be developed further to ensure the full utilization of the system, fulfilling the company’s future needs and guarantee a cost-effective and qualitative grow and competitiveness.
Proceedings of the Expert Working Group Meetings on Water Resources Data Systems and Water-use Data
Tailoring an electronic diary : "What if it becomes too complicated?"
Multiple media in group work : emphasising individual users in distributed and real-time CSCW systems
Metasploit penetration testing cookbook : over 70 recipes to master the most widely used penetration testing framework
Disaster recovery planning : managing risk and catastrophe in information systems
Portsmouth city bus route online information system
Interfaces, Standards and Code lists in Data communication between Authorities : Helsinki–St. Petersburg Smart Transport Corridor
Towards better usability : usability and end-user participation in healthcare information technology systems development
Genre and ontology based business information architecture framework (GOBIAF)
Advances in accounting information systems : a research annual. Volume 1 : 1992
SAP query reporting tools
Employee information managment system
Charging of electric vehicles is becoming more and more common. Charging of electric vehicles does not only need a functioning infrastructure but also various information systems to handle data in the process. The purpose of this thesis was to study how a completely new information system for handling energy information collected in the process of charging electric cars could be built by using existing energy sector information systems. The research problem for this thesis was provided by Empower IM Oy. The research for this thesis was mainly done by studying the OCPP protocol and design documents of Empower IM’s information systems. Some of the information was collected by interviewing specialists and by participating in meetings and presentations. The end result of this thesis is a data model for ESSP, a study of the OCPP protocol and use cases how the OCPP is used in ESSP functions. The data model describes how the objects of electric vehicle charging are modelled using the EnerIM CIS database.
An approach towards the integration of bus information systems in Vietnam: case study: Ho Chi Minh City Bus Information System project
Information systems : an emerging discipline?
Project Review on Implementation of  Responsive Web Design on SharePoint 2013
Rigorous development of safety-critical systems
Implementation : the key to successful information systems
Beginning database design solutions
Information management : support systems & multimedia technology
Big data and the internet of things : enterprise information architecture for a new age
A first course in database systems
TAMK Logistics Innovation Laboratory : Project Logivo
Stakeholders' conceptions of learning in learning management systems development
Implementation of VMI supply model in process industry environment
Information Security in Smart Electricity Metering
Business Process Management System in The City of Oulu's Electronic Government
