http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3929 tasks
tasks
Information searching in authentic work tasks : a field study on the effects of task type and complexity
Spare Parts Business Processes Product Commodity Management Process Book
The ultimate puzzle challenge
Commission on stewardship and congregational life : report 1952-1957 : Lutheran World Federation, August 15-25, 1957, Minneapolis, Minn., U.S.A
Police operations
Test item file for Gleitman's basic psychology
"On a typical afternoon, teenage Joe is being chased by bullies from school when he accidentally runs through a portal to another world. He finds himself in a training camp for a group of teenage boys and girls who will become Runners. Each cycle, three Runners are sent to place the power sources that will secure the shield that protects their land, Carcassia, and keeps the enemy Kabanians at bay. Once they've achieved their objective, a toxin is released into their bodies and they die. No one is permitted to return through the shield. And nobody can remain in the enemy territory. Joe is sent on the next Run, accompanying the Runner, Kaia. He is hoping that he will find a way back to Earth - much to Kaia's annoyance, as she is focused only on her goal. Gradually, a delicate friendship develops between the two, and Joe wonders if he can save Kaia as well as himself. But as they pursue their Run, Kaia and Joe come to question the histories they've been given, and the ambition of their enemy. The Run suddenly becomes more dangerous than anyone could have envisaged." --Publisher description.
What I tell you in the dark
Problem-solving workbook : general chemistry
Effective Academic Writing 1 : Answer Key Booklet
Improve your numerical reasoning
The bridesmaid's companion : the complete guide to attending the bride
Is your neighbour a zombie? : mind-bending philosophical puzzles that will exercise your brain
The Mathematical Olympiad handbook : an introduction to problem solving based on the first 32 British Mathematical Olympiads 1965-1996
Chemistry
The task planner : an intervention resource for human service professionals
Culture shock : tolerance, respect, understanding ...and museums : summary
Laser maze : beam-bending logic game
The broken king
Dash and Lily's book of dares
Libraries, mission and marketing : writing mission statements that work
A guide to task analysis
Schaum's 3000 solved problems in chemistry
Sideways arithmetic from Wayside school
The European Parliament
Task-based language teaching
The 13th reality. Book 1, The journal of curious letters
Combat at the castle
Plant membrane and vacuolar transporters
Russian for business : pre-intermediate workbook = Russkij âzyk dlâ delovogo obŝeniâ, rabočaâ tetrad'. A2
Leadership and nursing care management : study guide for Huber
Castle logix : towering blocks - blocking towers
The chemistry problem solver
Santa's outback secret
The Time Machine : a material package for using fiction in foreign language teaching
How high can a dinosaur count? : and other math mysteries
The size of learner lexis, exposure to English and looking up words online
The afterlife academy
Policing. Vol. 1, Cops, crime and control : analysing the police function
Promoting programming learning : engagement, automatic assessment with immediate feedback in visualizations
Assessing foreign language listening comprehension by means of the multiple-choice format : processes and products
GMAT® for dummies
Schaum's outline of probability and statistics
Words, phrases and sentences : a comparison of writing activities and tasks in textbook series of English and Swedish for grades 7 to 9
Archie: hero in training
Physics
Institutionalisation of the 'Third Mission' of the university : the case of Makerere University
Fool's fate
Statistics for engineers
Nonprofit Kit for dummies
Where's Wally? : The Incredible Paper Chase
Fluid mechanics : worked examples for engineers
Short-interval intracortical inhibition is not affected by varying visual feedback in an isometric task in biceps brachii muscle
The death's head Chess Club
Museums are for people
International strategic human resource management
Prospectives to tractor cabin design with computational acoustics tools
The contest problem book. 9, American Mathematics Competitions (AMC 12) 2001-2007
Introduction to organic chemistry / Students solutions manual ; Mark S. Erickson
The egyptians
Start where you are
100 things
Knight's shadow
The 13th reality. Book 4, The void of mist and thunder
Engineering mechanics
The spider of Sarajevo
Schaum's outline of beginning calculus
Lazy Town annual 2008
Pojo's Unofficial Ultimate Pokémon is a comprehensive review of everything to know and love about Pokémon with character profiles, anime and movie reviews, tips for building your team in the video games, collectors information about the Pokémon Trading Card Game, Pokémon puzzle pages, and more! Featuring all six generations of Pokémon, this is the ultimate guide for Pokémon fans of all ages.
The Witcher : adventure game
Light
IQ testing : increase your vocabulary and develop your powers of calculation and logical reasoning
It is Clara who is desperate to enter the labyrinth and it is Clara who is bright, strong, and fearless enough to take on any challenge. It is no surprise when she is chosen. But so is the girl who has always lived in her shadow. Together they enter. Within minutes, they are torn apart forever. Now the girl who has never left the city walls must fight to survive in a living nightmare, where one false turn with who to trust means a certain dead end.
Jesus Christ : the light of the world : addresses and Bible studies delivered to the synod of the Church of South India, Bangalore, 1960
The boys' book :  how to be best at everything
The future of the post-massified university at the crossroads : restructuring systems and functions
Grunt life : a Task Force Ombra novel
Saint's blood
Problem solving for chemistry
The king's shadow
Languages and linguists : aims, perspectives, and duties of linguistics = Les langues et les linguistes : buts, perspectives et devoirs de la linguistique
Problems and solutions in engineering mechanics
The pastor's problems
Talk Arabic : the ideal course for absolute beginners
McGraw Hill's GMAT
Exercises in logic
Analyzing and solving chemistry problems
Test your EQ : assess your emotional intelligence with 22 personality questionaires
Problems and solutions in mathematics
Universities at war
Schaum's outlines : physics for engineering and science
The 13th reality. Book 3, The blade of shattered hope
The 13th reality. Book 2, The hunt for dark infinity
Defining the library's activities
The unit. Season 4.
The official SAT subject tests in mathematics : levels 1 & 2 : study guide
Designing and Assessing L2 Writing Tasks Across CEFR Proficiency Levels
Docherty engages with the secular university in its present crisis, reflecting on its origins and on its role in the future of democracy. He tackles the urgent issue of inequality with a compelling denunciation of the ways of entrenched privilege; he offers a view of governance and representation from the perspective of those who are silenced; and exposes the fundamental damage done to thought by management-speak. There is a war on for the future of the university worldwide. The stakes are high, and they reach deep into our social condition. On one side are self-proclaimed modernisers who view the institution as vital to national economic success. Here the university is a servant of the national economy in the context of globalization, its driving principles of private and personal enrichment necessary conditions of 'progress' and modernity. Others see this as a radical impoverishment of the university's capacities to extend human possibilities and freedoms, to seek earnestly for social justice, and to participate in the endless need for the extension of democracy. This book analyses the former position, and argues for the necessity of taking sides with the latter. It does so with a sense of urgency, because the market fundamentalists are on the march. The fundamental war that is being fought is not just for scholars, but for a better – more democratic, more just, more emancipatory – form of life. Choose sides.
The emerging practices of modern budgeting and the role of controller
Civil engineering : PE problems & solutions
When Simon's little sister is snatched away to a dark other world, he is sent by a golden messenger on a quest to get her back. With him is Flora, whose brother has also vanished, and a strange boy who rescues them from a violent attack, but to enter the land of the Broken King, they must first complete three tasks. The Darkening Path trilogy is a thrilling fantasy adventure that takes its cue from Browning’s poem ‘Childe Roland to the Dark Tower came.’
This book contains a selection of more than 500 mathematical problems and their solutions from the PhD qualifying examination papers of more than ten famous American universities. The mathematical problems cover six aspects of graduate school mathematics: Algebra, Topology, Differential Geometry, Real Analysis, Complex Analysis and Partial Differential Equations. While the depth of knowledge involved is not beyond the contents of the textbooks for graduate students, discovering the solution of the problems requires a deep understanding of the mathematical principles plus skilled techniques.
The king's revenge
Last night on earth : The zombie game
The contest problem book. 8, American Mathematics Competitions (AMC 10), 2000-2007
How do you kill a Saint? Falcio, Kest, and Brasti are about to find out, because someone has figured out a way to do it and they've started with a friend. The Dukes were already looking for ways out of their agreement to put Aline on the throne, but with the Saints turning up dead, rumours are spreading that the Gods themselves oppose her ascension. Now churches are looking to protect themselves by bringing back the military orders of religious soldiers, assassins, and (especially) Inquisitors - a move that could turn the country into a theocracy. The only way Falcio can put a stop to it is by finding the murderer. He has only one clue: a terrifying iron mask which makes the Saints vulnerable by driving them mad. But even if he can find the killer, he'll still have to face him in battle. And that may be a duel that no swordsman, no matter how skilled, can hope to win
Polly and the puffin
Schaum's outline of thermodynamics for engineers
Better reading Italian
Organic chemistry : study guide and solutions manual
Pojo's Unofficial Ultimate Pokémon : from your first cards to the latest games and everything in between!
IQ and aptitude tests : assess your verbal, numerical, and spatial reasoning skills
Epic football expert
Children of Icarus
Inca : discover the culture and geography of a lost civilization
Museum of adventures : who can crack the Leonardo da Vinci code?
Brainbomb : ignite your imagination
Business Mathematics
The perplexing pineapple
Physical Examination and health assessment : instructor's manual and test questions for Jarvis
The crystal run
Hutchinson everyday numbers
Oil industry : importance, risks, stakes and future
The contest problem book. 2, Annual high school contests 1961-1965
Pencil and paper games for kids : over 100 activities for 3 - 11 year olds
Maths made easy. Subtraction
An architecture for flexible manufacturing systems based on task-driven agents
Lords of Waterdeep : board game
Abstract: The use of advanced life support unit in Kainuu.
Mission and change : institutional mission and its application to the management of further and higher education
Lords of Waterdeep : Scoundrels of Skullport. Board game expansion
Tasks that suit the learning of L2 English vocabulary in the Finnish middle school : teachers' and students' perspectives
Health information : management of a strategic resource : review manual to accompany
My very first Christmas annual
Ultimate IQ tests : 1,000 practice test questions to boost your brain power
Mental health nursing : the nurse-patient journey : instructor's manual for Carson and Arnold
Annual report on the work of the organization 2001
Nutrition : concepts and controversies : instructor's manual to accompany
