http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3925 film magazines
film magazines
ScifiNow : Vantaa
Lonely hearts killers
Cahiers du cinéma. 4, 1973-1978 : history, ideology, cultural struggle : an anthology from Cahiers du cinéma, nos 248-292, September 1973-September 1978
Film musings : a selected anthology from Fanfare magazine
Total film
Lonely hearts
Films from Finland : The Finnish Film Foundation newsletter
American cinematographer : the international journal of film & digital production techniques
Comic book confidential
Empire : the world's best movie magazine
Fashion media : past and present
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '76
Futuristics: Looking ahead
Photographis : the international annual of advertising  photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire. '68
Small scenes from a big galaxy
"The most modern is a star" : movie stars and modernity in Shanghai film magazines, 1933-34
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '74
Film studies. 4 (2004)
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '72
"Brian Case has taken live ammo to an Al Pacino interview, ingested horse tranquillizers with Ian Dury, reluctantly hit the road with the Sex Pistols ('Idiots!') and interviewed Miles Davis in a totally blacked-out room. He is a critically acclaimed novelist and journalist who has written for NME, The Times, Uncut and Time Out among many others. In a series of conversations, Brian offers vivid recollections of some of his most memorable encounters. On the Snap is a thrilling glimpse of a disappering after-midnight world, all delivered with the sharp, speedy insight of a great raconteur."
American cinematographer
Necronomicon. Book 1 / edited by Andy Black
Festival news
Sight and sound
Literary taste, culture and mass communication. Vol. 9, Use of literacy; media
The look of love
Sight & sound
Screen
The high school conspiracy
Sweet smell of success - menestyksen huuma
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '77
Film quarterly
Mass media and communication
Critical inquiry
Facts about film Finland : bulletin of the Finnish Film Foundation
The September issue
Page one : inside the New York Times
Marilyn : in the flash : her love affair with the press 1945-1962
Variety : the international entertainment weekly
The media of mass communication
Sight and sound : Espoo
Sound & vision : e-lehti
Pop surf culture : music, design, film, and fashion from the bohemian surf boom
Page one : inside The New York Times
Ecological economics : the journal of the International Society for Ecological Economics
Cinefex : the journal of cinematic illusions
The photographers
Eyeball compendium : writings on sex and horror in the cinema from the pages of Eyeball Magazine, 1989-2003
The dynamics of mass communication : media in the digital age
The hidden war
Shadows of the silver screen
Media and meaning : an introduction
Struck by lightning
Exploring the media : text, industry, audience
On the snap : three decades of snapshots from the world of jazz, film & crime fiction
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '73
The cinema
Finland's culture in figures 2006
Photographis : the international annual of advertising  photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire. '71
Sight & sound : Helsinki
Rolling Stone : the photographs
