http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3923 physical culture
physical culture
The gender/sexuality reader : culture, history, political economy
Anthropological theory today
The body, dance and cultural theory
Beyond the gymnasium : educating the middle-class bodies in classical Germany
The rejected body : feminist philosophical reflections on disability
Bodytime : on the interaction of body, identity, and society
Tourist destination images and local culture : using the example of the United Arab Emirates
Body art : performing the subject
Culture, sport, and physical activity
Culture, body, and language : conceptualizations of internal body organs across cultures and languages
The Rejected Body argues that feminist theorizing has been skewed toward non-disabled experience, and that the knowledge of people with disabilities must be integrated into feminist ethics, discussions of bodily life, and criticism of the cognitive and social authority of medicine. Among the topics it addresses are who should be identified as disabled; whether disability is biomedical, social or both; what causes disability and what could 'cure' it; and whether scientific efforts to eliminate disabling physical conditions are morally justified. Wendell provides a remarkable look at how cultural attitudes towards the body contribute to the stigma of disability and to widespread unwillingness to accept and provide for the body's inevitable weakness.
Desire by design : body, territories and new technologies
Body studies : the basics
Enforcing normalcy : disability, deafness, and the body
Sport in the mirror of the values
Eros & Greek athletics
The body for beginners
Football clichés : a speculative effort, from distance, to translate the curious language of football
Abstract (1 s.).
Fitness culture : gyms and the commercialisation of discipline and fun
Five bodies : re-figuring relationships
Some like it hot : the beach as a cultural dimension
The threshold of the visible world
Eye on the flesh : fashions of masculinity in the early twentieth century
Women and exercise : the body, health and consumerism
Dissection and vivisection in the European Renaissance
Fitness culture: gyms and the commercialisation of discipline and fun
Sport and cultural minorities : working papers
Largely organized via commercial relations of some kind, gyms are key sites for studying consumption and subjectivity in contemporary society. Gym-goers are typically addressed as individuals who take control of both the market and themselves. Through a variety of qualitative sources -- ethnographies, interviews and discourse analysis -- this book explores how consumers and producers collaborate in the production of the fitness scene. It examines how individuals become fitness participants, at locally sustained relationships, the framing of discipline as fun, the meanings attached to the idea of fitness and the negotiation of broader body ideals, to provide a critical discussion of fitness as lived consumer culture. Choice is revealed as a process, rather than a cost-benefit decision; a transformative, ongoing practice rather than an accomplished, rational calculation. Consumption is revealed as an ambivalent practice, with consumers increasingly asked to be active producers of cultural forms that are nevertheless largely circulated and managed by producers who need to consume much of the very same sort they produce.
Body/embodiment : symbolic interaction and the sociology of the body
Modernism : designing a new world : 1914-1939
Anthropology and the dance : ten lectures
For health and beauty : physical culture for Frenchwomen, 1880s-1930s
Body thoughts
Corporealities : dancing, knowledge, culture and power
Sport, leisure and culture in twentieth-century Britain
The visible self : global perspectives on dress, culture and society
Athletics in Finland
Abstracts of the Jyväskylä Congress on Movement and Sport in Women's Life, August 17.-21, 1987, Jyväskylä, Finland
Running cultures : racing in time and space
Body knowledge and control : studies in the sociology of physical education and health
Training the body for China : sports in the moral order of the People's Republic
Values in sport for all
Employee body language revealed : how to predict behavior in the workplace by reading and understanding body language
[New global perspectives on eating disorders]
A ground-breaking collection of essays that bring dance into the cultural studies mainstream, exploring the many ways we use our bodies as substantial, vital constituents of cultural reality.
Revolting bodies? : the struggle to redefine fat identity
An authentic, unique and memorable destination image is of crucial importance to be competitive in the long-term. Verena Schwaighofer analyses the currently transferred image of the United Arab Emirates as a tourist destination and to what extent the traditional Arabian culture is integrated into the image strategies of image developers in this country. First of all, a detailed theoretical overview referring to various image types, the current image transfer including critical topics related to the religion of Islam, womens role in society, behaviour, body language and dress code and the open-mindedness of the United Arab Emirates regarding local traditions related to the religion of Islam, is given. In the empirical part, a mixed method, including a qualitative media analysis (focusing on print and new media of image developers as well as newspaper articles published by journalists in the United Arab Emirates and the surrounding countries) and qualitative expert interviews are selected as appropriate research methodology. Contents Image and Destination Brands The Image of the United Arab Emirates The traditional Arabian Culture Target Groups Researchers and students in the fields of management and innovation in tourism Executives in these areas The Author Verena Schwaighofer wrote her master thesis under the supervision of Prof. Dr. Sc. Othmar M. Lehner at the Department of Innovation and Management in Tourism at Fachhochschule Salzburg, Austria.
Looking good : a study of gendered body ideals among young people
The body as interface : dialogues between the disciplines
Bodytime discusses why biological processes, desire, and the passion for physical exposure occupy such a large place in people's lives nowadays. The authors describe people in different phases of life. We meet childless couples at the IVF clinic, fathers in the delivery ward, teenage girls and social services officers in an investigation of a lurid sex scandal. The essays also look at manual workers and director's wives, anorexic and bulimic girls, patients in a geriatric clinic, and corpses on the autopsy table.
"The body is made to move" : gym and fitness culture in Sweden
The sculpture machine : physical culture and body politics in the age of Empire
Natural symbols : explorations in cosmology
The human body : ascesis and exercise
Empire of ecstasy : nudity and movement in German body culture, 1910-1935
Staging tourism : bodies on display from Waikiki to sea world
Complementary and alternative medicine : bodies, therapies, senses
Strangers in sport : reading classics of social thought
Humors and substances : ideas of the body in New Guinea
The body reader : essential social and cultural readings
Foreign bodies : performance, art, and symbolic anthropology
In the flesh : the cultural politics of body modification
Bodies of thought : embodiment, identity and modernity
Foucault, sport and exercise : power, knowledge and transforming the self
Cultural studies : the basics
Sport and nature : a selected bibliography 1986-1992
Narratives of agency : self-making in China, India, and Japan
The visible self : perspectives on dress
Viewed as both unhealthy and unattractive, fat people are widely represented in popular culture and in interpersonal interactions as revolting as agents of abhorrence and disgust. Yet if we think about "revolting" in a different way, Kathleen LeBesco argues, we can recognize fatness as not simply an aesthetic state or a medical condition, but a political one. If we think of revolting in terms of overthrowing authority, rebelling, protesting, and rejecting, then corpulence carries a whole new weight as a subversive cultural practice that calls into question received notions about health, beauty, and nature. Revolting Bodies examines a number of sites of struggle over the cultural meaning of fatness. The book is grounded in scholarship on identity politics, the social construction of beauty, and the subversion of hegemonic medical ideas about the dangers of fatness. It explains how the redefinition of fat identities has been undertaken by people who challenge conventional understandings of nature, health, and beauty and, in so doing, alter their individual and collective relationships to power. LeBesco explores how the bearer of a fat body is marked as a failed citizen, inasmuch as her powers as a worker, shopper, and sexually "desirable" subject are called into question. At the same time, she highlights fat fashion, relations among fat, queer, and disability politics and activism, and online communities as opportunities for transforming these pejorative stereotypes of fatness. Her discussion of the long-term ramifications of denying bodily agency in effect, letting biological determinism run rampant has implications not only for our understanding of fatness but also for future political practice.
Exercise for women is a heavily-laden social and embodied experience. While exercise promotion has become an increasingly visible part of health campaigns, obesity among women is rising, and studies indicate that women are generally less physically active than men. Women's (lack of) exercise, therefore, has become a public concern, and physiological and psychological research has attempted to develop more effective exercise programs aimed at women. Yet women have a complex relationship with embodiment and physical activity that is difficult for quantitative scientific approaches to explore. This book addresses this neglect by providing a much-needed feminist, qualitative social analysis of women and exercise. The contributors, drawn from across Europe and North America investigate the ways women experience exercise within the context of the global fitness industry. All the authors take a specifically feminist perspective in their analyses of the fit, feminine body, exploring media images and the global branding of fitness products, the relationship between exercise and fat, the construction of physical activity within health discourse, and the lived experience of the exercising body. The collection explores the diversity of women's experiences of exercise in relation to age, ethnicity and body size. The book is essential for anyone interested in health promotion, sport and exercise or the social and cultural study of gender and embodiment.
The body language : the meaning of modern sport
Embodiment and experience : the existential ground of culture and self
Women in sport - sport for women : constructing scenarios and utopias from a women centered perspective
The Gender/Sexuality Reader is a sophisticated survey which contextualizes gender and sexuality in a matrix of varied racial formations, nationalisms, colonialisms, imperialisms and movements for social change. Contributors include: Lila Abu-Lughod, Janice Boddy, Susan Bordo, Judith Butler, Jane Collier, Jane L. Collins, Teresa de Lauretis, Janadas Devan, Micaela di Leonardo, John D'Emilio, Ann Fausto-Sterling, Susan Gal, David F. Greenberg, Matthew Gutman, Jacalyn D. Harden, Lori L. Heise, Geraldine Heng, Darlene Clark Hine, Evelyn Fox Keller, Roger Lancaster, Thomas Laqueur, Catherine A. Lutz, Emily Martin, Richard Parker, Cindy Patton, Rosalind Petchesky, Elizabeth A. Povinelli, Rayna Rapp, Michelle Rosaldo, Ellen Ross, Lousia Schein, Nancy Scheper-Hughes, Amartya Sen, Elizabeth Sheehan, Siobhan Somerville, Susan Sperling, Judith Stacey, Arlene Stein, Ann Stoler, Carole S. Vance, Sylvia Yanagisako, and Patricia Zavella.
Yoga in modern society
Intercultural communication and body language
Physical culture, power, and the body
When the body becomes all eyes : paradigms, discourses and practices of power in kalarippayattu, a South Indian martial art
Getting under the skin : the body and media theory
A day in the sun : outdoor pursuits in art in the 1930s
Perspectives on embodiment : the intersections of nature and culture
Communication between cultures
Towards a bourgeois manhood : boys' physical education in Nordic secondary schools 1880-1940
Many mirrors : body image and social relations
The communicative body : studies in communicative philosophy, politics, and sociology
Body matters : essays on the sociology of the body
German bodies : race and representation after Hitler
Escape velocity : cyberculture at the end of the century
Performing live : aesthetic alternatives for the ends of art
Investigating culture : an experiential introduction to anthropology
Pointing : where language, culture, and cognition meet
The success and the challenges of Finnair's in-flight services from the Japanese and South Korean perspective
Breasts : a natural and unnatural history
Fabrications : costume and the female body
Designing Finnish men : taking Foucault a little further?
Coming to our senses : body and spirit in the hidden history of the West
Agency and embodiment : performing gestures/producing culture
Nonverbal behavior in interpersonal relations
Heavy : the obesity crisis in cultural context
Thinking geographically : space, theory, and contemporary human geography
Bodily democracy : towards a philosophy of sport for all
Body matters : leisure images and lifestyles
The good body : asceticism in contemporary culture
Making sense of sports
Queering fat embodiment
"Consideration of the body as a subject for study has increased in recent years with new technologies, forms of modification, debates about obesity and issues of age being brought into focus by the media. Drawing on contemporary culture, Body Studies: The Basics introduces readers to the key concerns and debates surrounding the study of the sociological body, cutting across disciplines to cover topics which include: Nature vs. Culture: how we 'build' and transform our bodies, Conformity and resistance in bodily practice, Issues of body image--beauty, diet, exercise and age, Sporting bodies and the pursuit of ideals, Enfreakment, disability and monstrosity, Cyborgs and virtual online bodies, With further reading signposted throughout, this accessible book is essential reading for anyone studying the body through the lens of sociology, cultural studies, sports studies, media studies and gender studies; and all those with an interest in how the physical body can be a social construct"--
