http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3924 exercise culture
exercise culture
Social issues in sport
Women, sport and culture : how to change sports culture? : 4th European Women and Sport Conference : European Women & Sport, Helsinki 7-11 June, 2000 : report
Ancient traditions and current trends in physical activity and sport : proceedings : ICSSPE international symposium, Berlin, June 18th, 1997
Finland on the Move : a nationwide sport for all promotion programme in 1991-1994 : summary report
Movement and sport during the life-span
Finnish female coaches' career development and perceptions : a case study of six Finnish female coaches
The sport studies reader
Sport, ethics and education
Niche tourism : contemporary issues, trends and cases
Finland's differentiated sports culture : a case study: sports agent
Sport is about men - or is it?
Behavioural regulation, mental toughness, and achievement goals : a cross-cultural comparison between Singaporean and Finnish youth athletes
The Next wave : the world of surfing
Summary: Secondary school pupils' physical activity and leisure-time sports.
Futebol nation : a footballing history of Brazil
Finngymnasts and their native land
Understanding sports culture
Sports in school : the future of an institution
Sport and cultural minorities : working papers
"The Finnish story of sports" framing the values discussion
Critical postmodernism in human movement, physical education, and sport
Exploratory design of a locative tool for urban lifestyle sports communities : a case study in connecting locative and audiovisual media sharing aspects in Fusion software
Sport, recreation and space in urban policy : Helsinki and Dublin from the 1940s to the 1980s
Enjoyment in youth sports : a goal perspectives approach
Minister of Culture Tanja Karpela: Elite sport is a lot, but not everything
Playing and displaying identity - about bodily movement, political ideologies and the question of Olympic humanism
Year book. 1986-1987
A social history of swimming in England, 1800-1918 : splashing in the Serpentine
Soccernomics : why transfers fail, why Spain rule the world and other curious football phenomena explained
Sports activities as an effective tool for integration of ethnic minorities in Oulu
Sport, work, culture : International conference on the Contribution of Sports to the Improvement of Professional Abilities and to Cultural Development, organized by the Gonvernment of Finland at the reguest and with assistance of Unesco, August 10th-15th, 1959 : official report of the Organizing Committee
The changing role of public, civic and private sectors on sport culture : proceedings of the 3rd EASS conference (European Association for Sociology of Sport) held on 2-5- July in Jyväskylä, Finland
Sport, culture and society : a reader on the sociology of sport
Skateboarding: a sporty from of joyful sociality
Kenyan running : movement culture, geography and global change
Football goes east : business, culture and the people's game in China, Japan and South Korea
Global sport : identities, societies, civilizations
Body, town planning, and participation : the roles of young people and sport
Sport in the mirror of the values
Sports in Åland between two cultures
Research institute of physical culture and health & Research unit for sport and physical fitness : year book 1985
European integration and sport : selected papers of the 1st conference of the European Association for Sociology of Sport
Reaching out for new frontiers : the Finnish physical culture in transition in the 1990's
Successful first: Finnish-Estonian co-operation paved the way for Nordic-Baltic seminar
Basics of the triple AC Programme
Play, games and sports in cultural contexts
Training the body for China : sports in the moral order of the People's Republic
Physical education and life-long physical activity : the proceedings of the Jyväskylä Sport Congress: Movement and sport - a challenge for life-long learning, AIESE World Convention, June 17-22, 1989, at the University of Jyväskylä
Women and exercise : the body, health and consumerism
Fitness culture : gyms and the commercialisation of discipline and fun
Sport success and the type of culture
From the Scandinavian viewpoint : the ski team as a subculture in American college sports : a case study from the University of New Mexico
Teaching responsibility through physical activity
Largely organized via commercial relations of some kind, gyms are key sites for studying consumption and subjectivity in contemporary society. Gym-goers are typically addressed as individuals who take control of both the market and themselves. Through a variety of qualitative sources -- ethnographies, interviews and discourse analysis -- this book explores how consumers and producers collaborate in the production of the fitness scene. It examines how individuals become fitness participants, at locally sustained relationships, the framing of discipline as fun, the meanings attached to the idea of fitness and the negotiation of broader body ideals, to provide a critical discussion of fitness as lived consumer culture. Choice is revealed as a process, rather than a cost-benefit decision; a transformative, ongoing practice rather than an accomplished, rational calculation. Consumption is revealed as an ambivalent practice, with consumers increasingly asked to be active producers of cultural forms that are nevertheless largely circulated and managed by producers who need to consume much of the very same sort they produce.
aIt is impossible to fully understand contemporary society and culture without acknowledging the place of sport. Sport is part of our social and cultural fabric, possessing a social and commercial power that makes it a potent force in the world, for good and for bad. Sport has helped to start wars and promote international reconciliation, while every government around the world commits public resources to sport because of its perceived benefits. From the bleachers to the boardroom, sport matters. Now available in a fully revised and updated new edition, this exciting, comprehensive and accessible textbook introduces the study of sport, culture and society. International in scope, the book explores the key social theories that shape our understanding of sport as a social phenomenon and critically examines many of the assumptions that underpin that understanding. Placing sport at the very heart of the analysis, and including vibrant sporting examples throughout, the book introduces the student to every core topic and emerging area in the study of sport and society, including: the history and politics of sport sport and globalization sport and the media sport, violence and crime sport, the body and health sport and the environment alternative sports and lifestyles sporting mega-events sport and development. Each chapter includes a wealth of useful features to assist the student, including chapter summaries, highlighted definitions of key terms, practical projects, revision questions, boxed case-studies and biographies, and guides to further reading, with additional teaching and learning resources available on a companion website. Sport, Culture and Society is the most broad-ranging and thoughtful introduction to the socio-cultural analysis of sport currently available and sets a new agenda for the discipline. It is essential reading for all students with an interest in sport. Visit the companion website at www.routledge.com/cw/jarvie.
Towards well-being : how do physical activity and sport help?
Fair play : the ethics of sport
Exercise for women is a heavily-laden social and embodied experience. While exercise promotion has become an increasingly visible part of health campaigns, obesity among women is rising, and studies indicate that women are generally less physically active than men. Women's (lack of) exercise, therefore, has become a public concern, and physiological and psychological research has attempted to develop more effective exercise programs aimed at women. Yet women have a complex relationship with embodiment and physical activity that is difficult for quantitative scientific approaches to explore. This book addresses this neglect by providing a much-needed feminist, qualitative social analysis of women and exercise. The contributors, drawn from across Europe and North America investigate the ways women experience exercise within the context of the global fitness industry. All the authors take a specifically feminist perspective in their analyses of the fit, feminine body, exploring media images and the global branding of fitness products, the relationship between exercise and fat, the construction of physical activity within health discourse, and the lived experience of the exercising body. The collection explores the diversity of women's experiences of exercise in relation to age, ethnicity and body size. The book is essential for anyone interested in health promotion, sport and exercise or the social and cultural study of gender and embodiment.
Towards a bourgeois manhood : boys' physical education in Nordic secondary schools 1880-1940
The sports business
No pain, no gain? : athletes, parents and coaches can reshape American sports culture
The Social significance of sport : an introduction to the sociology of sport
Running cultures : racing in time and space
Sport as a channel for cultural identity - an examination ofamateur and professional activities : a case study of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) in Ireland from the mid 19th century to the modern era
Helsinki : the city of athletics
Sport, culture and society : an introduction
Bodily democracy : towards a philosophy of sport for all
Sport, culture, and personality
Key themes in youth sport
¡Golazo! : a history of Latin American football
Culture, politics and sport : blowing the whistle, revisited
Promenades as the form of exercise among the gentlefolk in 18th and 19th century Finland
Sportsbiz : inside the sports business
Sporting dystopias : the making and meaning of urban sport cultures
Yearbook. 1977
(Re) negotiating an athlete's identity during training and researching judo in Finland
Fringe nations in world soccer
Surfing life : surface, substructure and the commodification of the sublime
Stronger through physical activity and sport
Offside : soccer and American exceptionalism
Women as a social and cultural minority in sports
Yearbook. 1978
Physical education and life-long physical activity : the proceedings of the Jyväskylä Sport Congress: Movement and sport - a challenge for life-long learning : AIESEP World Convention, June 17-22, 1989, at the University of Jyväskylä, Finland
Estonian sports stride into new era
The human body : ascesis and exercise
Games, sports and cultures
Women in sport - sport for women : constructing scenarios and utopias from a women centered perspective
Sport in Massachusetts : historical essays
On the fringes of sport
Post-Olympism? : questioning sport in the twenty-first century
Cultural sport psychology
Fitness culture: gyms and the commercialisation of discipline and fun
Football Goes East provides insights into the cultural, economic, political and social factors shaping its development in the Far East. The contributors in this study add both to the theoretical debate and to our empirical knowledge about the social and cultural dimensions of sport in the Far East." "Authors from China, Japan, Korea, Europe and the US outline differences and similarities at the heart of the multi-faceted phenomenon of global football in distinctive local cultures. Considering the impact of globalisation on sport, Football Goes East delivers a critical assessment of the changing tensions between the social, political and economic determinants of sport and leisure cultures in the Far East.
Yearbook. 1979
Anthropology, sport, and culture
Yiquan : Chinese art for health and internal strength
Conditioning tolerance? : a study of tolerance in the culture of sports
Old borders, new borders, no borders : sport and physical education in a period of change
Sports and physical education in Finland
Those feet : a sensual history of English football
Culture, sport, and physical activity
Brazil futebol : football to the rhythm of the samba beat
Fit for America : health, fitness, sport, and American society
Kalevi Kivistö: Expertise in fitness exercise a models for others
Values in sport : elitism, nationalism, gender equality and the scientific manufacture of winners
Power play : sport, the media and popular culture
Sport ethnography
