http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3931 invertebrates
invertebrates
Biology of the invertebrates
Density and biomass of chironomid larvae in a peat channel in Central Kalimantan, Indonesia
The 101 best marine invertebrates : how to choose & keep hardy, brilliant, fascinating species that will thrive in your home aquarium
Improving statistical classification methods and ecological status assessment for river macroinvertebrates
Atlas of African freshwater sponges
Understanding fossils : an introduction to invertebrate palaeontology
The encyclopedia of land invertebrate behaviour
Guide to British freshwater macroinvertebrates for biotic assessment
Deadly animals : savage encounters between man and beast
This volume discusses membrane potential imaging in the nervous system and in the heart and modern optical recording technology. Additionally, it covers organic and genetically-encoded voltage-sensitive dyes; membrane potential imaging from individual neurons, brain slices, and brains in vivo; optical imaging of cardiac tissue and arrhythmias; bio-photonics modelling . This is an expanded and fully-updated second edition, reflecting all the recent advances in this field. Twenty chapters, all authored by leading names in the field, are cohesively structured into four sections. The opening section focuses on the history and principles of membrane potential imaging and lends context to the following sections, which examine applications in single neurons, networks, large neuronal populations, and the heart. Topics discussed include population membrane potential signals in development of the vertebrate nervous system, use of membrane potential imaging from dendrites and axons, and depth-resolved optical imaging of cardiac activation and repolarization. The final section discusses the potential – and limitations – for new developments in the field, including new technology such as non-linear optics, advanced microscope designs, and genetically encoded voltage sensors. Membrane Potential Imaging in the Nervous System and Heart is ideal for neurologists, electrophysiologists, cardiologists, and those who are interested in the applications and the future of membrane potential imaging.
Alien terrestrial arthropods of Europe. Pt. 1
The fauna of india and the adjacent countries : Coelenterata : hydrozoa. Siphonophora
The invertebrates : a new synthesis
Type and referred specimens of fossil invertebrata in the Natural History Musem of Los Angeles County. Suppl. 4, Specimens formely conserved at the University of California, Los Angeles
Effects of modern forestry on Northwestern European forest invertebrates : a synthesis
Fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Gastrotricha
The early brain : proceedings of the Symposium "Invertebrate Neurobiology"
Small woodland creatures
A handbook of global freshwater invasive species
A supplement to a bibliography of samplers for benthic invertebrates
A comparison of the impacts of introduced signal crayfish and native noble crayfish in boreal lake ecosystems
Guide to invertebrate animals
Animals in schools. Vol. 2. Terrestrial invertebrates
The biology of the cryptic fauna of forests with special reference to the indigenous forests of South Africa
Fauna and ecology of terrestrial invertebrates in raised bogs in Latvia
Biodiversity through time:coherence, stability and species turnover in boreal stream communities
Insects : facts at your fingertips / roject editor Pallavi Singh
Plymouth marine fauna : being notes of the local distribution of species occurring in the neighbourhood
African invertebrates : a journal of biodiversity research
Invertebrates of Inari Lapland, Finland
Alien terrestrial arthropods of Europe. Pt. 2
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 1, Vision I
The principal diseases of lower vertebrates
Palaeobiogeography of marine fossil invertebrates : concepts and methods
How invertebrates live
Bug detective : amazing facts, myths and quirks of nature
Animals under logs and stones
Red Sea invertebrates
Exotic pet handbook : a guide to buying, caring for and breeding unusual pets
The invertebrates
World Conferens of Malacology 2013 : book of abstracts, Ponta Delgada, São Miguel, Açores July 22-28, 2013
Functional morphology of the invertebrate skeleton
Comparative invertebrate neurochemistry
Arthropod relationships
The invertebrates. Vol. 5, Smaller coelomate groups : Chaetognatha, Hemichordata, Pogonophora, Phoronida, Ectoprocta, Brachiopoda, Sipunculida : The coelomate Bilateria
Reef fishes of South-East Asia : including marine invertebrates and corals
Cilia and flagella
BSAVA manual of exotic pets : a foundation manual
The encyclopedia of shells
Horseshoe crabs and velvet worms : the story of the animals and plants that time has left behind
Anaesthesia of exotic pets
The invertebrates. Vol. 2, Platyhelminthes and Rhynchocoela : the acoelomate Bilateria
Neuroanatomy of basal bilaterians (Xenoturbellida, Nemertodermatida, Acoela) and its phylogenetic implications
Red data book of Latvia : rare and treatened species of plants and animals = Latvijas sarkanā grāmata : retās un apdraudētās augu un dzīvnieku sugas. Vol. 4, Invertebrates = Bezmugurkaulnieki
Nickel hazards to fish, wildlife, and invertebrates : a synoptic review
50 really exotic pets : a fur-and-feather-free guide to the most lovable tarantulas, tortoises, snakes, frogs, lizards and other creatures
An introduction to the invertebrates
Monograph of the Amphisiellidae and Trachelostylidae (Ciliophora, Hypotricha)
Amazing insects : the secret world of invertebrates
Invertebrate structure and function
Call of nature : the secret life of dung
Pollution ecology of freshwater invertebrates
Marine ranching
Photoreception and vision in invertebrates : proceedings of the NATO advanced study institute on photoreception and vision in invertebrates held July 11-24, 1982, at Bishop's University, Lennoxville, Quebec, Canada
An index to the genera and species of the Foraminifera : 1890-1950
The invertebrates. Vol. 1, Protozoa through Ctenophora
The invertebrates. Vol. 3, Acanthocephala, Aschelminyhes and Entoprocta : the pseudocoelomate Bilateria
Everything you need to know about animals
The invertebrates : a synthesis
Invertebrate zoology : a functional evolutionary approach
Growth and population structure of perch in relation to diet in a small humic lake, Valkea-Kotinen
The IUCN invertebrate red data book
Atlas of endocrine organs : vertebrates and invertebrates
Manual of exotic pet practice
Community structure of macroinvertebrates, bryophytes and fish in boreal streams : patterns from local to regional scales, with conservation implications
Insects and other invertebrates
Occurrence and function of biogenic amines (5-hydroxytryptamine, dopamine, noradrenaline, adrenaline and octopamine) in invertebrates : bibliography = Vorkommen und Funktion biogener Amine (5-hydroxytryptamin, Dopamin, Noradrenalin, Adrenalin und Octopamin) bei wirbellosen Tieren : Bibliographie
Membrane Potential Imaging in the Nervous System and Heart
This comprehensive survey of insects and terrestrial invertebrates (worms, scorpions, spiders, etc) referred to by Greek and Roman authors from the earliest times to AD 600. The role of each invertebrate type in classical life and thought is discussed, including popular beliefs and general attitudes to particular animals, their significance as domestic or agricultural pests and any practical use to man as sources of food, medicine or products such as silk.
The nervous systems of invertebrates : an evolutionary and comparative approach
Gastrotricha of Sweden : biodiversity and phylogeny
Some methods for the statistical analysis of samples of benthic invertebrates
Primitive nervous systems
The fauna of India : Copepod parasites of marine fishes
An introduction to the behaviour of invertebrates
Paleontology of invertebrates
Biodiversity of domatia occupants (ants, wasps, bees, and others) of the Sri Lankan myrmecophyte Humboldtia laurifolia Vahl (Fabaceae)
The distributional history of the biota of the Southern Appalachians. Part 2, flora
Invertebrates as webmasters in ecosystems
Biodiversity and genetic patterns in marine invertebrates
Invertebrate animals as indicators of acidity in upland stream
The invertebrates : function and form : a laboratory guide
Effects of different forest management histories on the invertebrate fauna
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Megadrile oligochaeta (earthworms), haplotaxida : lumbricina, megascolecoidea : octochaetidae
Ecology and classification of North American freshwater invertebrates
American hydroids. Part 3, The Campanularidæ and the Bonneviellidæ
A new bibliography of samplers for freshwater benthic invertebrates
Tracks & sign of insects & other invertebrates : a guide to North American species
Genus : International journal of invertebrate taxonomy
Cave life
Fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Protozoa.Sporozoa: Eucoccidiida. Eimeriidae
Encyclopedia of pets & pet care : the essential family reference guide to pet breeds and pet care
Ecological impacts of non-native invertebrates and fungi on terrestrial ecosystems
Small freshwater creatures
The really hairy scary spider
Palaeontology : invertebrate
The Galápagos : a natural history
The ultimate encyclopedia of small pets and petcare : the essential family reference guide to caring for the most popular pet species and breeds, including small mammals, birds, herptiles, invertebrates, and fish
New directions in invertebrate immunology
The dissection of the cockroach
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 13, comparative physiology vols. 1-2
Animals of the surface film
Fauna of Orissa
Biology of invertebrata
Food habits of, and diets for invertebrates and vertebrates - zoo diets
Evolution of warning coloration in the nudibranch Polycera quadrilineata
Venomous animals and their venoms. Vol. 3, Venomous invertebrates
People and the intertidal : human induced changes, biodiversity loss, livelihood implications and management in the Western Indian Ocean
Blood cells of marine invertebrates : experimental systems in cell biology and comparative physiology
Atlas promyslovyh morskih bespozvonočnyh, vodoroslej i trav Primorskogo kraâ = Atlas of commercial marine invertebrates, grasses and algae of Primorskii Krai
Insects and other invertebrates in classical antiquity
The biology of free-living nematodes
Littoral-pelagic zone food web interactions in fishless, highly humic Lake Mekkojärvi
Vector-mediated transmission of plant pathogens
Check list of marine invertebrates of the Tomales Bay region, Marin County, California
Variation in developmental mode and its effects on divergence and maintenance of populations
Invertebrate nervous systems : their significance for mammalian neurophysiology
Silurian of the Great Lakes Region. Part 2, Paleontology of the Upper Llandovery Brandon Bridge Formation, Walworth County, Wisconsin
A European cultural revolution : the Council of Europe's "Charter on Invertebrates"
Ripley's spiders and scary creepy crawlies : believe it or not!
The invertebrates. Vol. 4, Echinodermata : the coelomate Bilateria
Ecological impacts of invasive signal crayfish in large boreal lakes
The big book bugs
Endocrine disrupting chemicals
Invertebrates
Ecophysiology of metals in terrestrial invertebrates
The Oxford book of invertebrates : protozoa, sponges, coelenterates, worms, molluscs, echinoderms, and arthropods (other than insects)
Fresh-water invertebrates of the United States
Antarctic Piscicolid Leeches
The comparative endocrinology of the invertebrates
Symbiosis. Vol. 2, Associations of invertebrates, birds, ruminants, and other biota
Proceedings of the 4th Australasian Conference on Grassland Invertebrate Ecology : held at Lincoln College, University College of Agriculture, Canterbury, New Zealand, 13-17 May, 1985
Relationships between Corynosoma semerme and C. strumosum (Acanthocephala) and their paratenic fish hosts in the Bothnian Bay, Baltic Sea
Insects and minibeasts
On the ecology of Echinorhynchus salmonis and two Corynosoma species (Acanthocephala) in the fish and seals of the northern Gulf of Bothnia
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 3, Audition
Sea shore animals of Andaman & Nicobar Islands
A laboratory manual of invertebrate zoology
Textbook of zoology : invertebrates
Diapause in aquatic invertebrates : theory and human use
Invertebrate relationships : patterns in animal evolution
Bugs Britannica
An atlas of invertebrate structure
Recirculation - aeration : bibliography for aquaculture
Need to know? : Exotic pets : expert advice on buying and caring for unusual pets
Workshop on Status and Trends in Aquatic Genetic Resources : a basis for international policy : 8-10 May 2006, Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
