http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3938 nutrients (plants)
nutrients (plants)
Genetic and environmental factors associated with the virulence of fish pathogen Flavobacterium columnare
Role of nutrients in regulation of the phytoplankton community in the Archipelago Sea, northern Baltic Sea
Selenium fertilization : plant uptake and residuals in soil
Regional P stocks in soil and in animal manure as compared to P requirement of plants in Finland : Baltic Forum for Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Manure Management : WP4 Standardisation of manure types with focus on phosphorus
Long-term field experiments in organic farming
Succession of opportunistic fast-growing macroalgae in the Northern Baltic Sea under manipulative enhanced nutrient load
Structure and function in agroecosystem design and management
Effects of living crown reduction on needle element status of Scots pine
Combination of biological and physico-chemical factors in the development of manure nutrient recovery and recycling-oriented technology
The effect of nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations on nutrient balances of cereals and grass silage
Does scale matter? : cost-effectiveness of agricultural nutrient abatement when target level varies
The use of foliage and soil information for managing the nutrition of Sitka and Norway spruce on cutaway peatlands
Foliar nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium concentrations of Scots pine in drained mires in Finland
Structure of nutrient load to Lake Peipus from the Russian part of its catchment
Mineral nutrition of conifer seedlings
Nutrition of deciduous tree species grown in short rotation stands
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Capacity of riparian buffer areas to reduce ammonium export originating from ditch network maintenance areas in peatlands drained for forestry
Cost-effective measures for diffuse load abatement in forestry
Communities and ecosystems : linking the aboveground and belowground components
Nutrient management in agricultural watersheds : a wetlands solution
Modelling phytoplankton in boreal lakes
Release of soil phosphorus during runoff as affected by ionic strength and temperature
Ecological recycling agriculture : guidelines for farmers and advisors. Vol. 1, Farming guidelines
The effect of changing water table on methane fluxes at two Finnish mire sites
The role of arbuscular mycorrhiza in zinc uptake by lettuce grown at two phosphorus levels in the substrate
Easily extractable nutrients in the surface peat layer of virgin sedge-pine swamps
Growth and nutrition of willow clones
Soil fertility in organically managed soils
Current state and historical changes of nutrient loading and ecological status of the large lakes Peipus and Võrtsjärv
Nutrient distribution in Picea likiangensis trees growing in a plantation in West Sichuan, Southwest China
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Mineral nutrition of crops : fundamental mechanisms and implications
Beef cattle feeding and nutrition
Plant analysis handbook II : a practical sampling, preparation, analysis and interpretation guide
Ecological sanitation - a logical choice? : The development of the sanitation institution in a world society
Performance of alternative policies in addressing environmental dimensions of multifunctionality
Benefits of reduced eutrophication : evidence from Finland, the Baltic Sea area and Europe for policy making
Optimization of struvite production from urine
Plant nutrition of greenhouse crops
Nitrogen Recovery from Struvite Precipitation Reject Water
Nutrient concentrations in coarse and fine woody debris of Populus tremuloides Michx.-dominated forests, northern Minnesota, USA
Hydroponic production of vegetables and ornamentals
Soil science simplified
The 2002 oxygen depletion event in the Kattegat, Belt Sea and Western Baltic : thematic report
Algae cultivation for wastewater reclamation
Green auctions with joint environmental benefits
Nutrient retranslocation within the foliage of Scots pine
Nutrient trading : theory and practice
Forest soils and nutrient cycles
Biomass production and nutrient uptake of short-rotation plantations
Dynamics of nutrient cycling and food webs
On diversity effects of alternative agricultural policy reforms in Finland : an agricultural sector modelling approach
Response of boreal forest vegetation to the fertility status of the organic layer along a climatic gradient
The contribution of Trichoderma asperellum T34 to the plant uptake of phosphorus (P) from sparingly phytoavailable forms such as insoluble calcium (Ca) phosphates and phytates was studied. Two experiments with cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) on siliceous sand were performed involving two factors, namely: (i) P source, viz., KH2PO4, phytate (Ins6P), and phosphate rock (PR), and (ii) inoculation with T34. Liquid pure cultures of T34 were also used. T34 increased the total content in P of cucumber roots irrespective of the particular P form and enhanced total P uptake by plants with P supplied as Ins6P or PR. The increased phytase activity observed with T34 contributes to explain its favourable   influence on the uptake of P supplied as Ins6P. Solubilization of Ca phosphates from PR was favoured by the slightly acidifying effect and the increased organic anion concentration promoted by the fungus in the plant growth media. It can be concluded that T34 can improve P nutrition in plants grown on media containing phytates or insoluble Ca phosphates as dominant P forms.
Floriculture : principles and species
Diffuse load abatement with biodiversity co-benefits : the optimal rotation age and buffer zone size
Ecological recycling agriculture : guidelines for farmers and advisors. Vol. 2, Economic guidelines
Reduced tillage: influence on erosion and nutrient losses in a clayey field in southern Finland
Potassium stores in peatlands drained for forestry
Proficiency test SYKE 2/2013 : Chlorophyll a, colour, conductivity, nutrients, pH and turbidity in natural waters
Effect of Bacillus subtilis on phosphorus uptake by cucumber as affected by iron oxides and the solubility of the phosphorus source
Handbook of plant nutrition
Upwelling and its influence on nutrient concentration in the coastal area of the Hanko Penisula, entrance of the Gulf of Finland
Counterfactual approach for assessing agri-environmental policy : theory with an application to Finnish water protection policy
Impact of weather and climatic fluctuations on nutrient flows in rural catchments
Short-term responses of decomposers and vegetation to stump removal
Marschner's mineral nutrition of higher plants
Transformation of organic matter and nutrients in lakes Ladoga and Onega
Peat ash as a fertilizer on drained mires : effects on the growth and nutritional status of Scots pine
Effect of forest drainage on the carbon balance of mire ecosystems
Litterfall production and nutrient return to the forest floor in Scots pine and Norway spruce stands in Finland
Bacterial communities in stratified humic lakes
Sustainable handling and utilisation of livestock manure from animals to plants : proceedings, NJF-Seminar no. 320, Denmark, 16-19 January 2001
Norway spruce fine root dynamics and carbon input into soil in relation to environmental factors
Variation in needle nutrient concentrations in the crown of Scots pine on peatland
Nutrient exchange across the sediment-water interface in the eastern Gulf of Finland
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) play an important role in Zn uptake by plants and can partially mitigate the effects of its deficit. On the other hand, they are involved in reducing the accumulation of Zn and its toxicity to plants when it is present in excessive concentrations in the soil. The aim of the study was to investigate the effect of two AMF, i.e., Funneliformis mosseae and Rhizophagus intraradices on Zn uptake by lettuce plants grown at two P levels and elevated concentrations of Zn in a peat substrate. The experiment demonstrated the effectiveness of mycorrhization of lettuce grown in the peat substrate; however, the arbuscular mycorrhiza did not reduce the uptake of Zn by lettuce. The AMF used in the experiment differentially affected the Zn content in lettuce. Compared to uninoculated  plants, R. intraradices increased the Zn content in lettuce, whereas F. mosseae did not affect the Zn content.
Macroscale variation in peat element concentrations in drained boreal peatland forests
Ecological recycling agriculture : guidelines for farmers and advisors. Vol. 4, Farm examples
Biology and ecology of Norway spruce
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
Analyses of the growth of Scots pine : matching structure with function
Nutrient control of phytoplankton growth : effects of macronutrient composition (N, P, Si) on species succession
We studied the effects of soil temperature (8°C and 15°C) on barley growth, barley phosphorus (P) uptake and soil P solubility. Barley was grown in a pot experiment in two soils with different P fertilization histories for 22 years. The availability of P was estimated by using 33P-labeled fertilizer and calculating L-values. After cultivation for 22 years at ambient soil temperature without P fertilization (-P), soil L-value had decreased compared to soil that received annual P fertilization (P+). Low soil temperature further reduced the L-values, more in the -P soil than in the +P soil. Our results demonstrated that P fertilization can only partially ameliorate poor growth at low soil temperatures. Thus, applying ample fertilization to compensate for poor growth at low soil temperatures would increase the P content and solubility in the soil, but plant uptake would remain inhibited by cold.
Urban ecosystem services at the plant-soil interface
Agriculture, fertilizers and the environment
Retention of suspended solids and sediment bound nutrients from peat harvesting sites with peak runoff control, constructed floodplains and sedimentation ponds
Transport of organic carbon, nitrogen und phosphorus from the Finnish territory into Lake Paanajärvi
Growth and competition of Flavobacterium columnare strains in two different nutrient levels
Abatement costs for agricultural nitrogen and phosphorus loads : a case study of crop farming in south-western Finland
Marginal abatement costs for reducing leaching of nitrates in Croatian agriculture
In this work, we examined the effects of Bacillus subtilis strain QST713 by assessing plant P uptake from variably P compound .The experiment performed involved three factors: (i) P source [KH2PO4 at 100 mg kg-1, and phosphate rock (PR) at 100 or 200 mg kg-1]; (ii) plant inoculation with QST713 (inoculated and non-inoculated); and (iii) Fe oxide (ferrihydrite) in the growth medium (0 or 300 mg kg-1 concentration of citrate-ascorbate-extractable Fe). Ferrihydrite decreased dry matter yield in plants by more than 50 %. Inoculation with QST713 increased plant growth, and total accumulation of P and P uptake in plants. Overall, QST713 increased P uptake by 40 %, the effect being independent of the presence of ferrihydrite and P source. The increased P uptake observed can be ascribed to increased solubilization of P and to increased root growth.. Therefore, QST713 improves P nutrition in plants grown on media with a high P adsorption capacity irrespective of the solubility of the P compound.
Interlaboratory proficiency test NW 2/2014 : alkalinity, pH, nutrients and conductivity in natural waters
The role of crustacean zooplankton in pelagic nutrient cycling
A model for optimal mycorrhizal colonization along altitudinal gradients
Phosphorus status of diverse soils in Finland as influenced by long-term P fertilisation. 2, Changes of soil test values in relation to P balance with references to incorporation depth of residual and freshy applied P
Herbivory on willows : abiotic constraints and trophic interactions
Nutrient release from heaps of logging residues in a thinned Scots pine stand
Cell wall thickness and tangential and radial cell diameter of fertilized and irrigated Norway spruce
Constructed vertical flow wetland technology for the recycling of nutrients
Micronutrients and the nutrient status of soils : a global study
Commercial thinning is a common practice when growing even-aged stands in the Nordic countries. Thinning from below is carried out to harvest suppressed and part of the mid-sized trees that cannot successfully compete for resources and have become grown over by co-dominant and dominant trees. In five field experiments, we studied the effects of harvesting method on the nutrient amount of logging residues left at the site in thinning of Scots pine stands. Comparison was carried out between four harvest¬ing methods representing different levels for forest-residue recovery: SOH (stem-only harvesting down to a diameter of 7 cm, SOH-E (stem-only harvesting down to a diameter of 2 cm),WTH (whole-tree harvesting including stems, tops and branches) and WTH-M (WTH and manual collection of those logging residues which were left in mechani¬cal harvesting). In each experiment, logging residues were weighed and sampled for determination of their nutrient concentrations, and soil samples were taken from the surface peat layer (0-20 cm) for nutrient analyses. In SOH treatments, all residues and nutrients bound in the logging residues were left at the site. In WTH 28-67% and in WTH-M 4-20% of the nutrients remained at the site, with the figure depending on the experiment. The amounts of N (1%), P (1-4%), Ca (2-5%), and Mg (3-8%) bound in the logging residues in SOH were low in comparison to the corresponding amounts in the 0-20 cm peat layer. However, the amount of K in logging residues represented 10-26% and the amount of B 8-15% compared with the corresponding nutrients in peat. The amount of N, P, and K in logging residues after CTL harvesting was 39-86, 3-7, and 9-21 kg•ha-1, respectively. The corresponding figures after WTH were 15-36, 1-3, and 3-9 kg ha-1. We assume that WHT on peatland sites that are prone to K deficiency or already have a detected shortage may increase a risk for nutrient imbalances and growth loss in remaining tree stand.
Effects of nutrient applications on fine-root dynamics and root/rhizosphere chemistry in a Norway spruce stand
Food security in nutrient-stressed environments: exploiting plants' genetic capabilities
Interlaboratory proficiency test 02/2015 : a-chlorophyll, colour, conductivity, nutrients, pH and turbidity in natural waters
The main objective of the study was to compare nutrient balances of phosphorus (P), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and calcium (Ca) on fertilized grass pasture (high input) and unfertilized grass-clover pasture (low input) both grazed by dairy cattle. The second aim was to quantify P loss in surface runoff from the fertilized grass pasture. The study was conducted on a lysimeter field that included two surface runoff collector ditches. The whole area was rotationally stocked five times per year and the amount of milk was recorded. Nutrient balances were negative on both grass and grass-clover pastures except the P balance for grass pasture, which was 18 kg ha-1 positive. The amount of total P in the surface runoff from fertilized grass pasture was 1.2-0.9 kg ha-1 y-1. It seems that in short-term ley farming, grass-clover swards can retain nutrients in the soil better than pure grass swards.
Nutrients and eutrophication : the limiting-nutrient controversy : proceedings of the Symposium on nutrients and eutrophication: The limiting-nutrient controversy, W. K. Kellogg Biological Station, Michigan State University, 11 and 12 February 1971
Conifer needle ultrastructure as an indicator of environmental stress factors with special reference to unbalanced nutrition
The use of halloysite for nutrient and moisture retention in soils
Nutrients in natural waters
Soil water-retention characteristics and fertility of afforested arable land
"Respected and known worldwide in the field for his research in plant nutrition, Dr. Horst Marschner authored two editions of Mineral Nutrition of Higher Plants. His research greatly advanced the understanding of plant nutrition ranging from rhizosphere processes to nutrient uptake and utilization by plants in the field. While visiting field experiments in West Africa in 1996, Dr. Marschner contracted malaria and passed away, and until now this legacy title went unrevised. Despite the passage of time, it remains the definitive reference on plant mineral nutrition. Since the last edition, great progress has been made in the understanding of various aspects of plant nutrition. In recent years, the perspective on the mode of action of nutrients in plant metabolism and yield formation has shifted. Much progress has been made in the molecular aspects of nutrient uptake and transport within plants as well as the responses of plants to nutrient deficiency or toxicity. These and many other developments are covered in this long-awaited new edition."--P. [4] of cover.
Sustainable biodiesel production from microalgae cultivated with piggery wastewater
Investigations on forest litter
Nutrient content of rainfall, water in canal and water at different depths in peatland in Central Kalimantan, Indonesia
Nitrogen transformations in boreal forest soils in response to extreme manipulation treatments
Wood ants (Formica rufa group) in managed boreal forests: implications for soil properties and tree growth
Proceedings of Ist International Symposium on Sustainable Vegetable Production in Southeast Asia : Salatiga, Indonesia, March 14-17, 2011
Dynamics of salicylates in willows and its relation to herbivory
Effects of P level in nutrient solution and the colonization of roots by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) on P uptake by tomato plants, their nutritional status, yield and quality of fruits were studied. Plants were grown on rockwool or coconut coir. Inoculation by a mixture of several AMF species was performed three times during the growing period. The mycorrhizal frequency in roots inoculated with AMF amounted to 35.79 - 50.82%. The highest level of mycorrhiza was found in plants receiving nutrient solution with a lower concentration of P. Among the experimental factors, only P level influenced the fruit yield, being higher from plants receiving a nutrient solution with a higher P level. A higher concentration of P in nutrient solution imposed better nutritional status of plants. Higher contents of ascorbic acid and total soluble sugars were found in fruits collected from inoculated plants, grown on rockwool.
Effect of fertilizer treatment on the biomass production and nutrient uptake of short-rotation willow on cut-away peatlands
Water-carried element balances of peatlands
Nutritional status in commercial currant fields
Summary.
Nutrition and growth of Norway spruce forests in a Nordic climatic and deposition gradient
Plant growth : interactions with nutrition and environment
Hydraulic nutrient transport in a restored peatland buffer
Role of mineral nutrition of apple fruits in commercial orchards
Faecal separation and urine diversion for nutrient management of household biodegradable waste and wastewater
Proceedings from the seminar : manure - an agronomic and environmental challenge. NJF-seminar 372, arranged by NJF sections, soil, water and environment; engineering. Nils Holgersson gymnasiet Skurup, Sweden September 5-6, 2005.
Effects of wood ash fertilization on forest soil chemical properties
Comparative estimation of total and background biogenic loads to Lake Peipus
Mineral nutrition of crops : fundamentals mechanisms and implications
Nutrient intrusions at the entrance to the Gulf of Finland
Cost-efficient reductions of stochastic nutrient loads to the Baltic Sea
Stored nutrient reserves are closely correlated with survival and growth of transplanted seedlings. Previous studies have proven that combining pre-hardening fertilization (PF) with fall fertilization (FF) built seedling nutrient reserves more effectively; however, their effect on transplanting performance is poorly documented. We investigated the independent and interacting effects of 2 levels of PF and 4 levels of FF on seedling growth, nutrient acquisition and accumulation during different growth phases 1 year after transplanting of Quercus variabilis Blume in a nursery. High PF benefited nutrient reserves and subsequent transplanted seedling growth and tissue nutrient storage at the end of the rapid growth and hardening phases. Fall fertilization with 36 mg N increased stem dry mass and tissue nutrient content at the end of the hardening phase. At the conclusion of establishment, PF and FF showed a significant interaction for N and K uptake from soil. At the end of the rapid growth and hardening phases, high PF consistently increased nutrient uptake. Enhanced N and K uptake occurred following application of 36 mg N of FF at the end of the hardening phase. Distinct roles for PF and FF on 3 phases of transplanted seedlings demonstrated the necessity to evaluate fertilization in terms of nutrient reserves and subsequent transplanting performance in consecutive phases. Combining 100 mg N seedling-1 during pre-hardening with 36 mg N seedling-1 during fall yielded ideal transplanting performance for Quercus variabilis seedlings..
Forest fertilisation : results from Germany, France and the Nordic countries
Nutrition composition tables of milk and dairy products = Nährwerttabellen für Milch und Milchprodukte = Tableaux des valeurs nutritives de lait et produits laitiers
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
Growth and nutrient dynamics of transplanted Quercus variabilis seedlings as influenced by prehardening and fall fertilization
Plant uptake of phosphorus from sparingly available P- sources as affected by Trichoderma asperellum T34
Environmental drivers of lake profundal macroinvertebrate community variation : implications for bioassessment
Fundamentals of soil science
Iron nutrition in soils and plants : proceedings of the Seventh International Symposium on Iron Nutrition and Interactions in Plants, June 27-July 2, 1993, Zaragoza, Spain
Drainage and agricultural biodiversity : should society promote surface or subsurface drainage?
Acknowledging that plant nutrition in greenhouse cultivation differs in many essentials from field production, this book details specific information about testing methods for soils and substrates in a greenhouse environment.
Protection of soil and water resources in forestry areas
Soil microbiology : a model of decomposition and nutrient cycling
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
Phosphorus acquisition by barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) at suboptimal soil temperature
Nutrient fluxes in managed boreal forests
Impacts of restoration of forestry-drained peatlands on nutrient and organic carbon exports and methane dynamics
Relationships between needle nutrient composition in Scots pine and Norway spruce stands and the respective concentrations in the organic layer and in percolation water
Agricultural ecosystems : unifying concepts
Functioning and management of European beech ecosystems
Soil chemistry as indicator in forest ecology = Bodenchemie als Indikator in der Forstökologie
Monitoring of Finnish arable land : changes in soil quality between 1987 and 1998.
Enhancement of biomass and lipid production of microalgae in mixed populations in waste water  : suitability to wastewater purification and biomass and lipid
Qualitative soil analysis : toolkit for farmer
Dynamics of nutrients in a slash and burn afroforestry system in Koli National Park, North Carelia, Finland
Soils, water and nutrients in a forest ecosystem in Suriname
Growing media : for ornamental plants and turf
Biomass production and control of nutrient leaching of willows using different planting methods with special emphasis on an appraisal of the electrical impedance for roots
Soils : an introduction
The flows and balances of P, K, Ca and Mg on intensively managed Boreal high input grass and low input grass-clover pastures
Nutrient and light availability to white spruce seedlings in partial and clearcut harvested aspen stands
Effects of CO2 concentration on the nutrition of willows (Salix phylicifolia) grown at different nutrient levels in organic-rich soil
Nutrient cycling in terrestrial ecosystems
Leaching in the material balance of peatlands - preliminary results
Forest nursery waste composting in windrows with or without horse manure or urea : the composting process and nutrient leaching
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
Long-term trends in the nutrient regime of Lake Ladoga and its tributaries
Effect of mycorrhiza and phosphorus content in nutrient solution on the yield and nutritional status of tomato plants grown  on rockwool or coconut coir
Factors governing sedimentation and pelagic nutrient cycles in the northern Baltic Sea
Nitrogen and phosphorus balances on Finnish dairy farms
Mineral nutrient content of water at different depths in peatland in Central Kalimantan, Indonesia
Role of sea-ice biota in nutrient and organic material cycles in the Northern Baltic Sea
Soil and soil-water chemistry below different amounts of logging residues at two harvested forest sites in Sweden
Effect of different potassium sources on the seasonal variation of potassium and free polyamines in scots pine needles
Heterogeneous preferences for water quality attributes : the case of eutrophication of the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea
Provningsjämförelse 02/2015 : a-klorofyll, färg, lednindgsförmåga, näringsmäne, pH and grumlighet från naturvatten.
Abstract.
Agricultural phosphorus and water quality : sources, transport and management
Logging residues (LR), i.e. tops, branches, and needles, are increasingly being harvested for energy production in Fennoscandia. These residues are temporarily piled on site awaiting transport. This study was undertaken to investigate effects on the soil and soil-water chemistry below different amounts of LR at two recently harvested coniferous sites in Sweden. Seven treatments were included and the studied amounts of LR ranged from no LR left on the ground to four times the estimated LR amount of the harvested stands. Two treatments included eight times the estimated LR amount of the harvested stands but here the LR were removed after 7 or 20 weeks. Soil-water samples were collected during the first six or seven growing seasons. Effects of treatment were detected in the soil water for 11 chemical variables at the northern site, and for the NO3- and Cl- concentrations at the southern site. The strongest response was generally found in the treatment with four times the estimated LR amount, for which the highest concentrations were recorded in most cases. In the first three seasons, the water flux through the LR decreased with an increasing amount of residue. Effects on the exchangeable store of Ca2+ in the mor layer and the upper 20 cm of the mineral soil was detected at both sites. At the northern site, the weight of the remaining LR, ground vegetation and all other material above the mor layer in the treatments with two and four times the estimated LR amount was roughly twice the corresponding weights at the southern site seven years after treatment. Although strong effects on the soil-solution chemistry were detected at one of the study sites, in the treatments corresponding to two and four times the estimated logging residue amount, the effect on the leaching from an entire regeneration area is likely to be relatively small given the percentage of the area hosting these logging residue amounts (ca. 20% after stem-only harvesting and 9% after fuel-adapted felling).
Nutrient retranslocation within Pinus sylvestris
Food web structure and processes in major basins of the Baltic Sea : a cross-ecosystem analysis of carbon flow patterns
What will organic farming deliver? : COR 2006
Soil : reflections on the basis of our existence
Increasing air humidity - a climate trend predicted for northern latitudes - alters the chemical composition of stemwood in silver birch and hybrid aspen
A stoichiometric perspective on host-parasite interactions
Nutritional diagnosis of Norway spruce stands growing on drained peatlands using foliar analysis
Physiological roles of boron in higher plants
Effects of clone and fertilization on the seed and foliar chemical composition of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) grafts
Summary: Effect of extraction time and EDTA on acid ammonium concentration of afforested agricultural soils.
Site types at Lakkasuo mire complex : field guide
Willow stack tower in leachate treatment
Ecological recycling agriculture : guidelines for farmers and advisors. Vol. 3, Marketing guidelines
Liberation of nitrogen from alder leaf litter
Dependence of upwelling-mediated nutrient transport on wind forcing, bottom topography and stratification in the Gulf of Finland: model experiments
Metsämaan viljavuuden määrittämisestä = On the estimation of forest soil fertility
Matter and nutrient dynamics of pine (Pinus tabulaeformis) and oak (Quercus variabilis) litter in North China
Forest ecosystems : analysis at multiple scales
Tomato plant culture : in the field, greenhouse, and home garden
The role of red wood ants in carbon and nutrient dynamics of forest ecosystems
Nutrient requirements of goats : angora, dairy, and meat goats in temperate and tropical countries
The ecological classification of sorted forest soils of varying genesis in Northern Finland = Syntytavaltaan erilaisten lajittuneiden kangasmetsämaiden ekologinen luokittelu Pohjois-Suomessa
Removal of nutrients by algae from municipal wastewater contaminated with heavy metals
Mineral nutrition of fruit trees
Water-extractable organic compounds in different components of the litter layer of boreal coniferous forest soils along a climatic gradient
No-tillage and boardmill sludge : possibilities to diminish erosion and P losses from clay fields
Animals to the shore - yes or no? : a guide to sustainable grazing on shore
The effect of harvesting method on the nutrient content of logging residues in the thinning of Scots pine stands on drained peatlands.
Nutrient cycling in terrestrial ecosystems : field methods, Application and Interpretation
Prescribed burning in forestry
The ecology of freshwater phytoplankton
Status of sulphur in soils and plants of thirty countries
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Manure nutrient content in the Baltic Sea countries
Nutritional status in pine forest in the Pechenganickel Company surroundings : Russian-norwegian cooperation report
Logging residues and ground vegetation in nutrient dynamic forest
Nutrient retranslocation within pinus sylvestris
Variation in soil nutrient concentrations and bulk density within peatland forest sites
