http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3934 foods
foods
The people's pharmacy quick and handy home remedies : common remedies for common ailments
Gillian McKeith's food bible : the complete A-Z guide to a healthy life
In this lively, illustrated overview, well-known raw-foods guru Wolfe profiles delicious and incredibly nutritious superfoods--vibrant, nutritionally dense foods that offer tremendous dietary and healing potential.
Garnishing : step-by-step instructions in the art of preparing gorgeous food
Cultured food for life : how to make and serve delicious probiotic foods for better health and wellness : [kefir, kombucha, cultured vegetables, sprouted flour, sourdough]
Superfoods from the garden : grow it, cook it and achieve the best health ever
Hildegard of Bingen : a spiritual reader
The anti-inflammation cookbook : the delicious way to reduce inflammation and stay healthy
Food chemistry
Cook's ingredients : DK pocket encyclopedia
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
Food facts : a study of food and nutrition
Nordic nutrition recommendations 2012 : integrating nutrition and physical activity
Eating for beauty
Why does asparagus make your wee smell? : and 57 other curious food and drink questions
The practical encyclopedia of superfoods : with 150 high-impact power-packed recipes
The allergy solution : unlock the surprising, hidden truth about why you are sick and how to get well
List of foods used in Africa
Detox drinks with juice fasting detoxification & fat burning smoothies : 30 fat burning & detoxification recipes & superfoods like vitality boosting beet juice, apple cider vinegar, wheatgrass, coconut water, ginger root, kefir, cacao, beta carotene & more
James McNair's corn cookbook
"As Serious Eats's culinary nerd-in-residence, J. Kenji López-Alt has pondered [how to pan-fry a steak with a charred crust and an interior that's perfectly medium-rare from edge to edge when you cut into it] and more. In [this book], Kenji focuses on the science behind beloved American dishes, delving into the interactions between heat, energy, and molecules that create great food. Kenji shows that often, conventional methods don't work that well, and home cooks can achieve far better results using new--but simple--techniques"--Amazon.com.
Micronization of pharmaceuticals and food ingredients using supercritical fluid techniques
Reader's Digest complete guide to cookery
The Italian kitchen bible
Superfoods : the food and medicine of the future
The book of ingredients
Changes in antagonistic activity of lactic acid bacteria induced by their response to technological factors
Becoming vegetarian : the complete guide to adopting a healthy vegetarian diet
Asian cook
Clean eats : over 200 delicious recipes to reset your body's natural balance and discover what it means to be truly healthy
The chemical analysis of foods
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
How to eat better for less money : with a helpful supplement on budget wines and spirits
The complete guide to food allergy and intolerance
Scrummy!
How Italian food conquered the world
Revive! : end exhaustion and feel great again
The complete rice cookbook
Food allergy & your child
Cookery for the hospitality industry
High performance liquid chromatography and coulometric electrode array detection : analytical methods for biological samples containing lignans and isoflavonoids
Food safety and food quality
Manual of nutrition
Local food : how to make it happen in your community
What's Cooking in Chemistry: How Leading Chemists Succeed in the Kitchen
Low temperature biology of foodstuffs
Swindled : from poison sweets to counterfeit coffee : the dark history of the food cheats
Empires of food : feast, famine, and the rise and fall of civilizations
The food safety information handbook
Bittersweet : the story of sugar
The naked foods cookbook : easy, unprocessed, gluten-free, full-fat recipes for losing weight and feeling great
The drop 10 diet cookbook : more than 100 tasty, easy superfood recipes that effortlessly peel off pounds
Art of Indian cuisine
Salt, sugar, fat : how the food giants hooked us
The Italian kitchen : an A - Z of ingredients and classic recipes
Aphrodisiac foods : eat your way to ecstacy
The Dorito effect : the surprising new truth about food and flavor
The complete guite to nutrients : an A-Z of superfoods, herbs, vitamins, minerals and supplements
Hamlyn's illustrated cook's dictionary
The world encyclopedia of fruit : a comprehensive directory of the fruits of the world with over 100 tempting recipes
Culinary nutrition : the science and practice of healthy cooking
The complete Dukan cookbook
101 foods that could save your life!
Food composition data : production, management and use
The good fat diet : lose weight and feel great with this delicious science based coconut diet
Food consumption in Finland 1950-1989
Water activity in foods : fundamentals and applications
Pure vegetarian : 180 Indian-inspired recipes to nourish body and soul
Brain maker : the power of gut microbes to heal and protect your brain - for life
Mummy & me cook : cook and learn together
The sensitive gut
The Indian kitchen
1000 things to eat
Skinny bitch : a no-nonsense, tough-love guide for savvy girls who want to stop eating crap and start looking fabulous!
Food technology to GCSE
International dictionary of gastronomy
The food chemistry laboratory : a manual for experimental foods, dietetics, and food scientists
Demand for functional foods that offer therapeutic and disease-prevention properties is globally increasing. Barley presents an opportunity in this regard due to its high antioxidants and dietary fiber contents. Barley wholegrain and milling fractions were investigated in terms of phenolic acids composition, scavenging capacity against DPPH and ABTS radicals and inhibition of human LDL oxidation in vitro. Ferulic and p-coumaric were the primary phenolic acids in wholegrain and pearled fractions accounting for 43-97% and 2-55% of total phenolic acids, respectively. This wide range demonstrates significant differences among barley wholegrain or pearled products. Antioxidant capacities also varied significantly among barleys with the hulless cultivars tested exhibiting the greatest. The outer layers fraction showed higher scavenging capacity against ABTS and DPPH radicals and inhibitory effects toward LDL oxidation compared with the endosperm fractions. The results suggest that the outer layer and hull fractions would potentially provide promising sources of natural antioxidants.
Angel Detox : taking your life to a higher level through releasing emotional, physical and energetic toxins
Superfoods super fast
The book of whole meals : a seasonal guide to assembling balanced vegetarian breakfasts, lunches & dinners
Skinny bitch : bun in the oven : a gutsy guide to becoming one hot and healthy mother!
Miso tasty : the cookbook : everyday, tasty recipes with miso - the Japanese superfood
On food and cooking : the science and lore of the kitchen
Gluten exposed : the science behind the hype and how to navigate to a healthy, symptom-free life
Conditions recommandées pour l'entreposage frigorifique des produits périssables = recommended conditions for cold storage of perishable produce
Chilled : how refrigeration changed the world, and might do so again
Edible insects of the world
World food alphabet
European food law handbook
The chakra kitchen : feed your body to nourish your spirit
Papers presented at the Nordic Rheology Conference, Copenhagen, Denmark, August 27-29, 2008 : general papers and papers from the special sessions on Food Rheology
Introductory foods
Practical Cookery : for level 2 NVQs and apprenticeships
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
The immune system recovery plan : a doctor's 4-step program to treat autoimmune disease
Kitchen science : a compendium of essential information for every cook
Food analysis laboratory experiments
A year in 120 recipes
Honey : from flower to table
The healthier food guide
The beauty detox solution : eat your way to radiant skin, renewed energy, and the body you've always wanted
Sod it! Eat well : healthy eating into your sixties, seventies and beyond
The only cookbook you'll ever need
Food & nutrition
Nutrition, gastrointestinal food hypersensitivity and functional gastrointestinal disorders in schoolchildren and adolescents
The health delusion : how to achieve exceptional health in the 21st century
The Penguin companion to food
Skinny bitch in the kitch : kick-ass recipes for hungry girls who want to stop cooking crap (and start looking hot!)
Food : the definitive guide
Superfoods : the healthiest foods on the planet / Tonia Reinhard
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Allergy-free cookbook
Japanese kitchen knives : essential techniques and recipes
Taste : the infographic book of food
Multisensory flavor perception : from fundamental neuroscience through to the marketplace
The cook's encyclopaedia : ingredients and processes
The edible atlas : around the world in 39 cuisines
Feeding baby green: the earth friendly program for healthy, safe nutrition during pregnancy, childhood, and beyond
The eat-clean diet : fat loss that lasts forever!
Michael Field's manual of food preparation techniques
Art of Garnishing
Essentials of professional cooking : student workbook
Nourishing noodles : spiralize nearly 100 plant-based recipes for zoodles, ribbons, and vegetable spirals
Shoku-iku! : Japanese conscious eating for a long and healthy life
I will not ever never eat a tomato : featuring Charlie and Lola
The Paleo diet : lose weight and get healthy by eating the foods you were designed to eat
Are you what you eat?
Classic recipes of Portugal : traditional food and cooking in 25 authentic dishes
Unmasking superfoods : the truth and hype about açaí, quinoa, chia, blueberries, and more
Asian ingredients : a guide to the foodstuffs of China, Japan, Korea, Thailand and Vietnam
At home in the whole food kitchen : celebrating the art of eating well
The South American table : the flavor and soul of authentic home cooking from Patagonia to Rio de Janeiro, with 450 recipes
Younger skin in 28 days : the fast-track diet for beautiful skin and a cellulite-proof body
The Conran cookbook
Hot, healthy, happy : the 21-day diet to eat, drink and think your way to self-love and skinny jeans
USDA/FSIS Microbiology laboratory guidebook. Chapter 33, Detection of antimicrobial residues in meat and poultry tissue by screen tests
Phenolic acids and antioxidant properties of barley wholegrain and pearling fractions
COOKERY / FOOD & DRINK ETC. Taste will explore the complex, colourful and at times controversial world of food, through a collection of thought-provoking, stimulating and beautifully-crafted infographics.
A dictionary of food and nutrition
The fat-free cookbook : over 50 nutritious and tasty fat-free recipes, perfect for any occasion
Mesoporous silicon micro- and nanoparticles : a versatile tool for peptide delivery
Fatty acids in foods and their health implications
Abstract.
Natural wonderfoods : 100 amazing foods for healing, immune-boosting, fitness-enhancing, anti-ageing
The World's best superfoods : health-boosting recipes from around the world
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry
Toxic constituents of plant foodstuffs
The food lab : better home cooking through science
Mediterranean diet for dummies
Human nutrition and dietetics
Vegetarian cooking : a complete guide to ingredients and techniques, with over 300 delicious step-by-step recipes
Encyclopedia of Asian food : the definitive guide to Asian cookery
The chemical analysis of foods and food products
The fish on your plate : why we eat what we eat from the sea
The Men's Health big book of food & nutrition
Superfoods for dummies
The healing power of nature foods : 50 revitalizing superfoods & lifestyle choices to promote vibrant health
Diet, body adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in a population sample of primary school children
Angel detox : taking your life to a higher level through releasing emotional, physical, and energetic toxins
This work is an enumeration of 2,141 species of edible insects. In addition to taxonomic and location information, entries contain applicable details about the history of entomophagy, collecting, cooking, and medicinal uses.
The G-free diet : a gluten-free survival guide
The flavour thesaurus : pairings, recipes and ideas for the creative cook
The Amalfi coast : a collection of Italian recipes
The organic kitchen : a cook's guide to natural ingredients with over 40 delicious recipes
Fun foods : clever ideas for garnishing & decorating
This study examined the changes in antagonistic activity of selected lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in response to technological factors used in food production. The antimicrobial activity of 12 selected LAB strains was assessed against the bacterial and fungal strains using the agar well diffusion method. Sodium chloride (NaCl) 6.5-8.0%, glucose 20-30% and pH 4.0, pH 8.0 and higher were the most crucial factors in reducing the spectra of the microorganisms antagonized. Heating at 80 °C or 100 °C had a greater negative impact than 63 °C on the antifungal activity of LAB. Freezing at -72 °C eliminated the antifungal activity, or it changed from fungicidal to fungistatic. Although each LAB demonstrated the ability to retain antimicrobial activity induced by various technological factors, Lactococcus lactis 768/5 was superior in retaining high antimicrobial activity against tested indicator strains.
How to eat : the pleasures and principles of good food
The complete fibromyalgia health, diet guide & cookbook : includes practical wellness solutions & 100 delicious recipes
The vegetarian cook's bible
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland - 2008 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
