http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3944 naval forces
naval forces navies
Historic naval aircraft : from the pages of Naval history magazine
Hornblower
Throne of jade
The Tudor navy : the ships, men and organisation 1485-1603
History of United States naval operations in World War II. Vol. 5, The struggle for Guadalcanal, August 1942- February 1943
Warspite
Carrier Power vs. Fighting Ship. 2
Great Britain and sea power 1815-1853
Blind man's bluff : the untold story of Cold War submarine espionage
Escort carriers of World War Two
Modern US Navy : The Organization, Warships, Weapons and Aircraft of the World's Most Advanced Naval Power
A time to die : the Kursk disaster
The Royal Navy at Gibraltar
Dive! Dive! Dive! : three of the best submarine commando comic book adventures
The world's navies : an illustrated review of the navies of the world
With its emphasis on the dynasty's concern for control of the sea--both the Mediterranean and the Red Sea--and the Nile, this book offers a new and original perspective on Ptolemaic power in a key period of Hellenistic history. Within the developing Aegean empire of the Ptolemies, the role of the navy is examined together with that of its admirals. Egypt's close relationship to Rhodes is subjected to scrutiny, as is the constant threat of piracy to the transport of goods on the Nile and by sea. Along with the trade in grain came the exchange of other products. Ptolemaic kings used their wealth for luxury ships and the dissemination of royal portraiture was accompanied by royal cult. Alexandria, the new capital of Egypt, attracted poets, scholars and even philosophers; geographical exploration by sea was a feature of the period and observations of the time enjoyed a long afterlife.
Baltic episode : a classic of Secret Service in Russian waters
Navy trains its sights on the future : aiming for a high-performance armed service
Naval battles of the civil war
The influence of sea power upon history, 1660-1805
The illustrated encyclopedia of weapons of World War I : a comprehensive guide to weapons systems, including tanks, small arms, warplanes, artillery, ships and submarines
The Russian Navy in War and Revolution, from 1914 up to 1918.
The reverse of the medal
American battleships : a pictorial history of BB-1 to BB-71, with prototypes Maine & Texas
The navy of the eighteenth Egyptian dynasty
Submarines in arctic waters : (memoirs)
Detail & Scale 34 : USS America. 34
One dog at a time : saving the strays of Afghanistan
Guns at sea
The Confederate raider, Alabama : selections from memoirs of service afloat during the war between the States
The imperial Russian navy
The Pacific : Tyynenmeren taistelutoverit
The illustrated directory of Warships from 1860 to the present day
Tapaus Antwone Fisher
One Piece : Pirate warriors : PlayStation 3
The troubled man
Modern U.S. Navy submarines
The role of European naval forces after Cold War
The sea and civilization : a maritime history of the world
The fortune of war
The Royal Navy : a history from the earliest times to the present. Vol. 6
Rear Admiral Esko Illi steers the Navy into next millenium
The Illustrated Directory of Modern Soviet Weapons
O'Hara's choice : a novel
History of United States naval operations in World War II. Vol. 1, The battle of the Atlantic, September 1939-May 1943
The Encyclopedia of world sea power
Famous fighters of the fleet :glimpses through ..
History of United States naval operations in World War II. Vol. 8, New Guinea and the Marianas, March 1944-August 1944
The liberation of the Philippines : Luzon, Mindanao, the Visayas 1944-1945
U.S. warships of World War I
Power in the Pacific : the origins of naval arms limitation, 1914-1922
A time to die : the untold story of the Kursk tragedy
Naval records of the American Revolution, 1775-1788
An illustrated guide to the modern Soviet Navy
The influence of sea power upon history 1660-1783
Naval weapons : a National Maritime Museum publication
Navies and foreign policy
Naval terms dictionary
History of United States naval operations in World War II. Vol. 6, Breaking the Bismarcks Barrier, 22 July 1942-1 May 1944
Warships
75th Anniversary of the Finnish Naval Academy
Royal navy : a history from the earliest times to the present. Vol. 2
An all-purpose flying wing for the US Navy
The Royal Navy : a history from the earliest times to the present. Vol. 7
The world's aircraft carriers 1914-1945
Conway's history of the ship. [1], The eclipse of the big gun : the warship 1906-1945
The future concept for the Russian naval forces : the new military doctrine could spell renaissance for the navy
Maritime strategy and continental wars
History of United States naval operations in World War II. Vol. 4, Coral sea, midway and submarine action, May 1942-August 1942
The genesis of the professional officer's corps
Pacific Blitzkrieg : World War II in the central Pacific
Arms control at sea
Detail & Scale 36 : USS Forrestal. 36
The commodore
Tenacity
The devil's wind : the story of the Naval Brigade at Lucknow from the letters of Edmund Hope Verney ..
Superpowers at sea : an assessment of the naval arms race
One Piece : Pirate warriors. 2 : PlayStation 3
The Lusitania : unravelling the mysteries
All the world's fighting ships. [4], 1947-1995
Triumph in the Pacific : The Navy's struggle against Japan
The Royal navy 1939-45
Captain Will Laurence and his noble dragon Temeraire battle against Bonaparte's invading forces.  When China discovers that their rare gift, meant for Napoleon, is now in the hands of the British forces, they demand the return of the dragon
Naval stealth technologies
A history of the confederate navy : the true story of food at sea in the Georgian era
Suomen laivasto sodassa 1939-1945 = The Finnish Navy at war in 1939-1945
Starving sailors  : the influence of nutrition upon naval and maritime history
The British submarine
Climate change & naval war : a scientific assessment
Patrol Aircraft vs. Submarine. 4
The new Navy
Infernal machines : the story of confederate submarine and mine warfare
Weapons of the Navy SEALs
A chronology of the U.S. Navy: 1775-1965
"This collection of essays, inspired by the author's experience teaching ethics to Marine and Navy chaplains during the Iraq War, examines the moral and psychological dilemmas posed by war. The first section deals directly with Dr. Peter A. French's teaching experience and the specific challenges posed by teaching applied and theoretical ethics to men and women wrestling with the immediate and personal moral conflicts occasioned by the dissonance of their duties as military officers with their religious convictions. The following chapters grew out of philosophical discussions with these chaplains regarding specific ethical issues surrounding the Iraq War, including the nature of moral evil, forgiveness, mercy, retributive punishment, honor, torture, responsibility, and just war theory. This book represents a unique viewpoint on the philosophical problems of war, illuminating the devastating toll combat experiences take on both an individual's sense of identity and a society's professed moral code"--Provided by publisher.
Soviet seapower in the Caribbean : political and strategic implications
Naval power and British culture, 1760-1850 : public trust and government ideology
History of United States naval operations in World War II. Vol. 3, The rising sun in the pasific 1931 - April 1942
The military balance in the Baltic Sea region : notes on a defunct concept
War and moral dissonance
War at sea : a naval atlas 1939-1945
Ubi sumus? : the state of naval and maritime history
Good to go : the life and times of a decorated member of the U.S. Navy's elite SEAL Team Two
Women on board : a longitudinal study of attitudes towards and opinions about serving with women at sea in the Royal Netherlands Navy
Seapower : a guide for the twenty-first century
History of United States naval operations in World War II. Vol. 12, Leyte, June 1944 - January 1945
Feeding Nelson's navy : the true story of food at sea in the Georgian era
Naval Weapons
Conway's all the world's fighting ships 1906-1921
History of United States naval operations in World War II. Vol. 11, The invasion of France and Germany, 1944-1945
History of United States naval operations in World War II. Vol. 9, Sicily - Salerno - Anzio, January 1943 - June 1944
An Illustrated Guide to Modern Submarines : The undersea weapons that rule the oceans today
H.M.S. London
Ships and sea-power before the great Persian War : the ancestry of the ancient trireme
Trafalgar : the Nelson touch
Sealift Roro ramp modification further enchances ramp capabilities
IHS Jane's fighting ships. 2012-2013
Uniforms of the Sea Services : a pictorial history
The suicide run : five tales of the marine corps
The Baltic Sea region 2014 : ten policy-oriented articles from scholars of the University of Turku
No hero : the evolution of a navy SEAL
The letter of marque
The political uses of sea power
Finnish navy sails towards new challenges
SEA FORCES OF THE WORLD
THE WEIDENFELD ATLAS OF MARITIME HISTORY
The British Navy in the Baltic
Combined operations 1940-42
History of United States naval operations in World War II. Vol. 7, Aleutians, Gilberts and Marshalls, June 1942-April 1944
Hunter killers : the dramatic untold story of the Royal Navy's most secret service
Conway's battleships : the definitive visual reference to the world's all-big-gun ship
Naval firepower
Marine : a guided tour of a marine expeditionary unit
The Navy̕s here
Cowan's war : the story of British naval operations in the Baltic, 1918-1920
Cold war submarines : the design and construction of U.S. and Soviet submarines
Shipboard life and organisation, 1731-1815
Generation kill : living dangerously on the road to Baghdad with the ultraviolent Marines of Bravo Company
The frogmen : the story of the war-time underwater operators
The eclipse of the big gun : the warship, 1906-45
Italian warships of World War II
One bullet away : the making of a Marine officer
War machines : sea
The Ptolemies, the sea and the Nile : studies in waterborne power
Guide to the Soviet Navy
Fighting techniques of a US marine 1941-1945 : training, techniques, and weapons
The Soviet Navy today
The Pacific
History of United States naval operations in World War II. Vol. 2, Operations in North African waters, October 1942 - June 1943
