http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3946 air forces
air forces
RAF bomber airfields of World War 2
Aircraft in profile. 11.
Warsaw Pact air forces
African sky
Red air : politics in Russian air power
Freedom of the skies : an illustrated history of fifty years of NATO airpower
The round house
German aircraft of World War II
Russian strategic aviation today
Historic naval aircraft : from the pages of Naval history magazine
Finnish Air Force 1939-1945
Modern attack helicopters
US Navy A-1 Skyraider units of the Vietnam war
Baltimore. Volume two : The curse bells
Southern Warriors : Defenders of the Mississippi Delta
Rescuing the Doolittle team = Ying jiu Duliteer hong zha ji dui
Aireview's German military aircraft in The Second World War
Modern european aircraft
Tragedy has struck His Majesty's Aerial Corps, as an epidemic of unknown origin and no known cure is decimating the dragons' ranks. Only Temeraire and a pack of newly recruited dragons remain uninfected and must stand as the only means of airborne defense against France's ever bolder sorties. As Bonaparte's dragons harrow Britain's ships, Temeraire and his captain, Will Laurence, take wing to Africa in search of a cure for the deadly contagion
The Hamlyn concise guide to british aircraft..
American warplanes
U.S. Air Force in the 1970s
Suomen ilmasota 1939-1945 : Luftstriderna över Finland = Air war over Finland
History of the RAF
Abstract: Categorization of military aircraft spare parts for simulation purposes.
Black powder war
Encyclopedia of the world's air forces
Luftwaffe fighter aces : the jagdflieger and their combat tactics and techniques
Aircraft cutaways
Col. C. L. Chennault and Flying Tigers = Chen Nade he fei hu dui
Luftwaffe : an analysis by former Luftwaffe generals
Top Gun Aircraft
F-16 Fighting Falcon
An Air force in transition : canada's Fighter Group consolidates
Hawk : British Aerospace Hawk T Mk1. 1.
History of the German air force
B-52 Stratofortress in action
Flying colours /comp. by w. green and g. swan..
Cavalry of the Clouds : Air War over Europe 1914-1918
Thunderbolt and Lightning : the jug and the fork-tailed devil
Modern Soviet aircraft
Victory of eagles : a novel of Temeraire
The Smithsonian book of flight
The diabolical Miss Hyde
Stuka attack! : the dive-bombing assault on England during the Battle of Britain
Captain Will Laurence and his noble dragon Temeraire battle against Bonaparte's invading forces.  When China discovers that their rare gift, meant for Napoleon, is now in the hands of the British forces, they demand the return of the dragon
Temeraire. [1] : [His Majesty's dragon]
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
An Airpower Prescription
This final thesis was a literal investigation about the effects of vibration to helicopter systems. The objective was to examine the vibration test result of the NH-90 multi-mission helicopter done by the Finnish Institute of Occupation Health and determine if the vibration measured would possess any threats to the helicopters systems and avionics. The basic information about vibration in helicopter was collected using various literal sources like standards and books. The information about the actual threats caused by vibration to modern avionics was gathered from various university studies and other related articles. This was because the concept of how vibration may cause a threat to modern avionics is still considered rather fresh and the information was not that easy to achieve with the resources at hand. The test results were provided by the Finnish Institute of Occupation Health. During the investigation it became clear that the vibration tests done by the Finnish Institute of Occupation Health was a rather narrow for this kind of investigation to be inclusive. Therefore, the objective of this work was not totally achieved and another vibration test must be done to achieve total satisfaction. Some ideas for the next possible vibration test are represented at the end of this work.
Throne of jade
P-47 Thunderbolt aces of the Eighth Air Force
The illustrated encyclopedia of weapons of World War I : a comprehensive guide to weapons systems, including tanks, small arms, warplanes, artillery, ships and submarines
The wild blue : the men and boys who flew the B24s over Germany
Warspite
Hitler's war machine
History of military aviation
Strategic frontier : American bomber command bases overseas 1950-1960
The illustrated history of the air forces of World War I & World War II
Throne of Jade
The pictorial story of St. Clement Danes : church of the Royal Air Force
Modern European aircraft
Japanese naval aviation uniforms and equipment 1937-45
The liminal people : a novel
Top gun : the ultimate in airborne action
Eglin : Fighters, Bombers, Special Ops. 17
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
The American aircraft factory in World War II
Messerschmitt Bf110 Zerstörer aces of World War 2
Tally ho!: three of the best air-war commando comic books adventures
Fighter : the true story of the battle of Britain
The Goldsboro Broken Arrow : The B-52 crash of january 24, 1961, and Its potential as a tipping point for nuclear war
US Navy A-7 Corsair II units of the Vietnam war
Aircraft of World War II
Full of briars : An October Daye Short Story
Wings of the Luftwaffe : flying German aircraft of World War II
Pictorial history of the R.A.F.. Vol. 1, 1918-1939
The New Illustrated Guide to Modern Attack Aircraft
Historic aircraft
The Luftwaffe : a history
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
An illustrated guide to the modern soviet air..
Aces, Warriors and Wingmen : the firsthand accounts of Canada's fighter pilots in the Second World War
Aerial firepower
RF-8 Crusader units over Cuba and Vietnam
The key
The sky's the limit : a study of British air power
RAF Typhoon : 1994 onwards (all models) : owners' manual
Mosquito fighter/fighter-bomber units of World War 2
Finnish air force doctrine : reshaping for the 21st century
Victory of eagles
Modern United States aircraft
The illustrated encyclopedia of major aircraft of world war 2
US air force : air power directory
Becoming Jinn
Aircraft in profile. 13.
An Aerospace World Special : paris '89. Progress on the Wing Planet Simnet [simulator network]
Luftwaffe : the illustrated history of the German Air Force in WW II
Nordic Airpower
RAF : an illustrated history from 1918
F/A-18 Hornet in action
Ilmavoimat talvisodassa = The Finnish Air Force in the Winter War
Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress
Suomen ilmavoimien lentokoneet. 4, Iljushin Il-28 in Finnish air force
The only permanent condition is constant changes : the tasks, organisation and equipment in the RDAF now and in the near future
Aces, erks and backroom boys : aircrew, ground staff and warplane builders remember the Second World War
Summary.
Defending the Motherland : the Soviet women who fought Hitler's aces
SBD Dauntless units of World War 2
The Soviet air and strategic rocket forces, 1939-1980 : a guide to sources in English
Military aircraft insignia of the world
Abstract: Finnish Air Force cadets in network : experience in use of online learning environment in basic studies of mathematics.
Imperial Japanese Navy aces 1937-45
Aircraft year book. 1939
Modern American Fighters & Attack Aircraft
Luftwaffe airfield equipment
Luftwaffe the illustrated history of the German Air Force in WW II
British experimental jet aircraft
His Majesty's dragon
Vibration effects on helicopter systems
Fighting helicopters of the 20th century
Finnish air defence command and control system : [operational and technical overview]
X-Planes : German Luftwaffe prototypes 1930-1945
Empire of ivory
Dam busters : the race to smash the dams, 1943
The bone season
Great carrier aircraft
Remote Sensing of Medium Voltage Grid: Case Elenia
The battle of Britain experience
Mint juleps, mayhem, and murder
Suomen ilmavoimat = Finnish air force. [1], 1918-1927
An Airman's Thoughts About the Future
THE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF GERMANY MILITARY AIRCRAFT
The red line : the gripping account of the RAF's bloodiest raid on Hitler's Germany
SOVIET AIR POWER
Soviet Battlefield Helicopters
German aircraft of the second world war
Unbroken : an extraordinary true story of courage and survival
The Illustrated Anatomy of the World's Fighters
Suomen ilmavoimat = Finnish Air Force. 4, 1942
Soviet aircraft of today
The world's strangest aircraft
The aircraft designed and built in Finland for the Finnish Air Force
Shoot to kill : a soldier's journey through violence
Tactical Air Command
Modern Attack Aircraft
Military Aviation Review : First Year of Issue
American Spitfire aces of World War 2
Suomen ilmavoimien lentokoneet. 2, Fouga CM 170 Magister in Finnish air force
Slow take-off : the pre-history of the Royal Norwegian Air Force, 1912-1944
Magnesium overcast : the sory of the Convair B-36
Soviet strategic aviation in the Cold War
Red stars in the sky : Soviet air force in World War two = Neuvostoliiton ilmavoimat II maailmansodassa. 2
World war II. United States aircraft
US air power in colour. 1
The rise and fall of the aircraft carrier
Luftwaffe : advanced aircraft projects to 1945. Volume 1 : Fighters & ground-attack aircraft Arado to Junkers
Fighters of the mighty eight 1942-1945
Categorization of military aircraft spare parts for simulation purposes
Air warfare : the encyclopedia of 20th century conflict
Red stars in the sky : Soviet air force in world war two = Neuvostoliiton ilmavoimat ii maailmansodassa. 3
Confederate air force
Wild Blue : 741 Squadron - on a wing and a prayer over occupied Europe
Pegasus bridge : D-day : the daring British airborne raid
United States Air Force : Strategic Air Command
Warplanes of the Future : The Most Exciting Combat Aircraft Being Designed Today..
The Legion Condor 1936-1939 : a history of the luftwaffe in the Spanish Civil War 1936-1939
A short history of air power
The encyclopedia of Russian aircraft 1875-1995
