http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3954 administrative sectors
administrative sectors
The international directory of government 2007.
Handbook of public policy
The new British constitution
Valtionhallinnon sanastoa englanniksi = Statsförvaltningstermer på engelska = Finnish civil service glossary - titles and organisations
Conflict management in legislatures : partisan clashes in Korea
The last decade has seen radical changes in the way we are governed. Reforms such as the Human Rights Act and devolution have led to the replacement of one constitutional order by another. This book is the first to describe and analyse Britain's new constitution, asking why it was that the old system, seemingly hallowed by time, came under challenge, and why it is being replaced. The Human Rights Act and the devolution legislation have the character of fundamental law. They in practice limit the rights of Westminster as a sovereign parliament, and establish a constitution which is quasi-federal in nature. The old constitution emphasised the sovereignty of Parliament. The new constitution, by contrast, emphasises the separation of powers, both territorially and at the centre of government. The aim of constitutional reformers has been to improve the quality of government. But the main weakness of the new constitution is that it does little to secure more popular involvement in politics. We are in the process of becoming a constitutional state, but not a popular constitutional state. The next phase of constitutional reform, therefore, is likely to involve the creation of new forms of democratic engagement, so that our constitutional forms come to be more congruent with the social and political forces of the age. The end-point of this piecemeal process might well be a fully codified or written constitution which declares that power stems not from the Queen-in Parliament, but, instead, as in so many constitutions, from 'We, the People'. The old British constitution was analysed by Bagehot and Dicey. In this book Vernon Bogdanor charts the significance of what is coming to replace it. The expenses scandal shows up grave defects in the British constitution. Vernon Bogdanor shows how the constitution can be reformed and the political system opened up in'The New British Constitution'.
Welfare, health and equality : survey for 2012-2015
Handbook of public policy in Europe : Britain, France and Germany
Training professionals for the global marketplace : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
Abstract: Training professionals for the global marketplace. Cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business.
Government decision-in-principle on reforms in central and regional government
Innovative governance in the European Union : the politics of multilevel policymaking
