http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3962 illegitimate children
illegitimate children
Death of an avid reader : a Kate Shackleton mystery
Bitter chocolate
Summary: The unmarried mother and the adoption decision.
The midwife
The Cuckoo's Calling
Coram boy
Sacrificed for honor : Italian infant abandonment and the politics of reproductive control
Cohabitation and non-marital births in England and Wales, 1600-2012
The ghost lover
For Cora Kensington, the journey of a lifetime has taken unexpected turns. And her future - her very life - depends on the decisions she'll make at each crossroad. As the Grand Tour with her newfound family winds through France, Austria, and Italy, an unseen enemy trails close behind. And a forbidden love continues to put everyone's plans at risk. Cora must escape the bonds of the past and discover the faith to make the right choices...because each one has grave consequences.
The lonely mother and shame : what do infanticides and illegitimate mothers tell about community?
Belle : the true story of Dido Belle
Measuring immorality : social inquiry and the problem of illegitimacy
The one before the one
To my daughter in France ..
Problems of sex behavior
Death comes to Pemberley : a novel
The soldier
The malice of fortune
You, me & other people
The crimson rooms
Humphrey Westcott, Earl of Riverdale, has died, leaving behind a fortune that will forever alter the lives of everyone in his family - including the daughter no one knew he had. Anna Snow grew up in an orphanage in Bath knowing nothing of the family she came from. Now she discovers that the late Earl of Riverdale was her father and that she has inherited his fortune. She is also overjoyed to learn she has siblings. However, they want nothing to do with her or her attempts to share her new wealth. But the new earl's guardian is interested in Anna. Avery Archer, Duke of Netherby, keeps others at a distance. Yet something prompts him to aid Anna in her transition from orphan to lady. As London society and her newfound relatives threaten to overwhelm Anna, Avery steps in to rescue her and finds himself vulnerable to feelings and desires he has hidden so well and for so long.
Unmarried mothers
Children in changing families : a study of adoption and illegitimacy
Illegitimacy in Renaissance Florence
The second deadly sin
Illegitimacy : a philosophical examination
Death comes to Pemberley
The Scarlet Letter : A Romance
Orphans of Islam : family, abandonment, and secret adoption in Morocco
Good enough mothering : feminist perspectives on lone motherhood
The lighthouse
Out of wedlock : a study of the problems of the unmarried mother and her child
The child's child
Between two seas
Bleak house
A thousand splendid suns
Imagining illegitimacy in classical Greek literature
Children of World War II : the hidden enemy legacy
The law relating to cohabitation
Bleak house. 2
Someone to hold
The name of the mother : writing illegitimacy
Today, cohabiting relationships account for most births outside marriage. But what was the situation in earlier centuries? Bringing together leading historians, demographers and lawyers, this interdisciplinary collection draws on a wide range of sources to examine the changing context of non-marital child-bearing in England and Wales since 1600.
Born in shame
Promises I can keep : why poor women put motherhood before marriage
House of Angels
The ghost riders of Ordebec
Sex outlaw : sexuality, subjectivity, and law
The other Tudors : Henry VIII's mistresses and bastards
Glamorous illusions : a novel
The pirate's daughter
Bleak House
The sins of the fathers : the law and theology of illegitimacy reconsidered
Greek bastardy in the classical and Hellenistic periods
The cuckoo's calling
The scarlet letter : An authoritative text, essays in criticism and scholarship
Children in English society. Vol. 1, From Tudor times to the eightrenth century
Humphrey Wescott, Earl of Riverdale, has died, leaving behind a fortune and a scandalous secret that will forever alter the lives of everyone in his family--including the daughter no one knew he had.... Anna Snow grew up in an orphanage in Bath, knowing nothing of the family she came from. Now she discovers that the late Earl of Riverdale was her father and that she has inherited his fortune. She is also overjoyed to learn she has siblings. However, they want nothing to do with her or her attempts to share her new wealth. But the new earl's guardian is interested in Anna....Avery Archer, Duke of Netherby, keeps others at a distance. Yet something prompts him to aid Anna in her transition from orphan to lady. As London society and Anna's newfound relatives threaten to overwhelm her, Avery steps in to rescue her and finds himself vulnerable to feelings and desires he has hidden so well for so long.
Chesapeake blue
Courtship, illegitimacy and the marriage in early modern England
Humphrey Wescott, Earl of Riverdale, has died, leaving behind a fortune and a scandalous secret that will forever alter the lives of his family-sending one daughter on a journey of self-discovery...  With her parents' marriage declared bigamous, Camille Westcott is now illegitimate and without a title. Looking to eschew the trappings of her old life, she leaves London to teach at the Bath orphanage where her newly discovered half-sister lived. But even as she settles in, she must sit for a portrait commissioned by her grandmother and endure an artist who riles her every nerve.  An art teacher at the orphanage that was once his home, Joel Cunningham has been hired to paint the portrait of the haughty new teacher. But as Camille poses for Joel, their mutual contempt soon turns to desire. And it is only the bond between them that will allow them to weather the rough storm that lies ahead...
The shadow of your smile
Scarlet letters : fictions of adultery from antiquity to the 1990s
The orphan child
In bed with a highlander
Bleak house. 1 / introduction by Osbert Sitwell
