http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3961 courts (justice)
courts (justice)
Arbitral tribunals and national courts : constant battle or efficient co-operation?
The accused
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 27, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2005
Judgments of the European Court of Human Rights : reference charts
The Supreme Court in the American legal system
The judicialization of politics in Latin America
Democracy in the courts : lay participation in European criminal justice systems
National courts and the international rule of law
"War" and the military courts : judicial interpretation of its meaning
Handbook on the draft statute for an international criminal court
World Court reports : a collection of the judgements, order and opinions of the Permanent Court of International Justice
Children's hearings and the Sheriff Court
The Inter-American human rights system
The French code of civil procedure in English 2005
Inferior courts, superior justice : a history of the Justices of the Peace on the Northwest frontier, 1853-1889
Equality before the law : deaf people's access to justice
Forensic testimony : science, law and expert evidence
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Volume XXXIV, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2007
Effective written advocacy : a guide for practitioners
Japanese constitutional law
Cyberspace jurisdiction in the U. S. : from an alien's point of view : the international dimension of due process
International law in the U.S. Supreme Court : continuity and change
The court of justice of the European Communities
"What better gift could today's politician's bequath tomorrows generation?" : a rhetorical analysis of arguments in support of the International Criminal Court in the United Kingdom House of Commons 1998-2001
Using legislative history in American statutory interpretation
Encyclopedia of television law shows : factual and fictional series about judges, lawyers and the courtroom, 1948-2008
The Supreme Court in the American system of government
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 12, The international criminal tribunal for Rwanda 2003
The aim of the research is to identify what result brings the balancing between the protection of personal data and the protection of intellectual property rights undertaken by the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) in its recent jurisprudence. The research should explain three main questions: first, why the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses belong to the personal data. Second, if it would be legitimate to place the liability for identifying and blocking the IPR infringements on the internet service providers only Third, what is the rationale for the position of the CJEU not to accept such claims of IPR holders. The author searches to find out whether the CJEU jurisprudence indicates that there is a certain hierarchy between data protection and IPR protection..
Doubt develops where certainty ceases : foreign law in domestic courts
A common European law of torts
Transitional justice and development : making connections
The sociology of law : an introduction
European Convention on Human Rights and transition of the legal culture : reception of the argumentation of the European Court of Human Rights by the Finnish supreme jurisdictions
Blackstone's book of moots
Practical aspects of arbitrating EC competition law
The courts, the public and the law explosion
Theodore Boone : the young lawyer
Emmins on criminal procedure
Archbold international criminal courts : practice, procedure and evidence
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 32, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda November - December 2008
Processes of the law : understanding courts and their alternatives
Reports of international arbitral awards
Procedures to enforce foreign judgments
Will the juvenile court system survive?
Death comes to Pemberley
The law & practice of international courts and tribunals : a practitioners' journal
Court of Auditors of the European Communities
The judicial application of law
The Supreme Court : an essential history
The enforcement of the judgments of the European Court of Justice
Lawyers and the courts : a sociological study of the English legal system 1750-1965
The administration of justice from Homer to Aristotle
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 2
From House of Lords to Supreme Court : judges, jurists and the process of judging
Using citation analysis techniques for computer-assisted legal reseach in continental jurisdictions
Interim measures in the Hague Court : an attempt at a scrutiny
The use of comparative law by courts : XIVth International Congress of Comparative Law = XIVe Congrès international de droit comparé
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 1
Application of principles of European law in the Supreme Court of Estonia
The political role of law courts in modern democracies
Development of judicial control of the European Communities
The German legal system and legal language : a general survey together with notes and German vocabulary
Victims of international crimes : an interdisciplinary discourse
Synopsis of the work of the Court of Justice of the European Communities in 1984 and 1985 and record of formal sittings in 1984 and 1985
EFTA Court texts relating to the organization, jurisdiction and procedure of the Court
The role of federal courts in U.S. customs & international trade law
Legal issues arising out of Corfu Channel case of 1949
Judicial discretion within Adjudicative Committee proceedings in China : a bounded rationality analysis
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 4
Civil procedure in Denmark
Decisions by district courts in civil cases
Tuomioistuinsanasto = Domstolsordlista = Glossary of court terms = Glossar der Gerichtsterminologie = Vocabulaire de la justice
The legal system of the People's Republic of China in a nutshell
Preliminary references to the European Court of Justice
Courts and rughtd : the American judiciary in action
Decisions by district courts in criminal cases
Procedural law : court administrations
The European Court of Justice and teleological interpretation
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 38, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2009
English legal system
Trial and court procedures worldwide
Fundamentals of Soviet criminal legislation, the judicial system and criminal court procedure : official texts and commentaries
The activist
Courthouse violence : protecting the judicial workplace
The Court of justice of the European Communities
The triggering procedure of the International Criminal Court
When legal orders collide, the role of courts = Los tribunales ante la construcción de un sistema jurídico global
Cross-references in court decisions : a study in comparative legal linguistics
Judicial review of the UN Security Council in national courts : international law or national constitutionalism
Evidence in international litigation
The Supreme Court's federalism : real or imagined?
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 35, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2007-2008
Courts and politics : the federal judicial system
Reviving the World Court
Basic features and principles of the Finnish Procedural Law
Access to justice : a conceptual and practical analysis with implications for justice reforms
Commentary on the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court : observers' notes, article by article
An International criminal court : a step toward world peace. 2, The beginning of wisdom
Interpretation and argumentation : especially in the European Court of Justice
Comparative criminal justice systems
The abduction
In defense of a political court
Courts and social transformation in new democracies : an institutional voice for the poor?
The principle of legal certainty in EC law
The judicial process : an introductory analysis of the courts of the United States, England and France
The government of judges : the impact of the European Court of Justice on the constitutional order of the United Kingdom
Papal justice : subjects and courts in the Papal State, 1500-1750
The European courts
EU Procedural law
Synopsis of the work of the Court of Justice of the European Communities in 1986 and 1987 and record of formal sittings in 1986 and 1987
These findings from the Durham University research project which observed court cases involving Deaf people over three years, and carried out in-depth interviews with Deaf people and Interpreters, reveal that sign language court interpreters are often not qualified interpreters, or have had no specialist legal interpreting training. The highly skilled task is often poorly understood by other participants in court proceedings, and the difference between BSL and English imposes particular constraints and demands on the interpreter.
Consistent denials of review of EU rules in light of the Aarhus Convention by the CJEU : is the EU a laggard in ensuring compatibility with its international obligations?
Theodore Boone : the activist
Conflict of laws
EDP systems for court administration : reports presented at the colloquy
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 5
Judicial policy making and the modern state : how the courts reformed America's prisons
The politics of the judiciary
The devil's advocate : a short polemic on how to be seriously good in court
Irish Peacock & Scarlet Marquess : the real trial of Oscar Wilde
Judicial review
Judicial selection : the cross-evolution of French and American practices
Judicial review and the constitution
The law and practice of the International Court. 1
Jurisdiction of international tribunals
Hart and Wechslerś the federal courts and the federal system
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American criminal justice. 2, Courts and criminal procedure
The federal courts as a political system
Ground-Breaking Analysis of Russian Human Rights Activism through the European Court of Human Rights
Civil jurisdiction and enforcement of foreign judgments : the application in England and Wales of the Brussels Convention of 1968 on Jurisdiction and the Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters under the Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982
Highest courts and the internationalisation of law : challenges and changes
An introduction to the courts and judicial process
House of secrets omnibus
The Court of First Instance of the European Communities
European union law. 2010-2011
Landmark Supreme Court cases : the most influential decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States
Finding the best place for prosecution : European study on jurisdiction criteria
EFTA Court texts : relating to the organization, jurisdiction and procedure of the Court
A revolution in commerce : the Parisian merchant court and the rise of commercial society in eighteenth-century France
"This book is an alphabetical examination of the nearly 200 shows telecast in the U.S. from 1948 through 2008 involving courtrooms, lawyers and judges, complete with cast and production credits, airdates, detailed synopses and background information. The book includes an introductory overview of law-oriented radio and TV broadcasts from the 1920s to the present"--Provided by publisher.
Judging policy : courts and policy reform in democratic Brazil
African perspectives on international criminal justice
Rwanda's genocide : the politics of global justice
The law of federal courts
The language of advocacy : what to say and how to say it in the courts of the English-speaking peoples
Law courts and lawyers in the city of London, 1300-1550
European Community case law : summaries of leading EC Court cases
The law and procedure of the International Court of Justice : by Sir Gerald Fitzmaurice. 2.
Children in court : public policymaking and federal court decisions
The Court of Justice of the European Communities
Coping with international atrocities through criminal law : a study into the typical features of international criminality and the reflection of these traits in international criminal law
The court interpreter examination
Crime and the courts in England 1660-1800
Do you know it when you see it? : a study on the judicial legitimacy of the European Court of Human Rights
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 23, The International Criminal Court 2005-2007
Bush v. Gore : exposing the hidden crisis in American democracy
European Court practice
Criminal procedure in magistrates' courts
An introduction to the International Criminal Court
The persecution of persons with disability and the duty of reasonable accommodation in the European Union’s Refugee Law
The role of courts in society
Interaction of arbitration and courts
Uniform interpretation of the CISG and the UCC
Judgments of the Israel Supreme Court : fighting terrorism within the law. Vol. 2
This book studies the organizational influences on judicial discretion within Adjudicative Committee (AC) proceedings in China. It argues that institutional reforms and practice have mainly reduced judicial discretion within AC proceedings through the rationalization of organizational processes. This central argument will be of particular interest to the readers, as previous studies offer little insight into the overall impacts of judicial institution reforms. This book is the first that uses the bounded rationality theory developed in economics and related disciplines to formulate an analytic framework for a systematic and comprehensive examination of the impacts of organizational factors on discretion within Adjudicative Committees' decision-making processes. Readers will gain a practical and fresh understanding of the Chinese judicial reforms.
The Soviet court
In defense of judicial elections
Report from an old locker room of international law
Legal framework, case law, and composition 1994-2003
Intervention of state courts in finnish arbitration: an overview
Human rights and the judiciary = Los derechos humanos y el poder judicial = Droits de l'homme et le pouvoir judiciaire
The fugitive
Case Billerud and the proportionality of the EU ETS excess emissions penalty
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 29, The international Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2006
Courts : a comparative and political analysis
Comparative judicial politics : the political functionings of courts
International organizations before national courts
Against Timarchos
The Supreme Administrative Court of Finland
Children's testimony : a handbook of psychological research and forensic practice
Conflicts and court encounters in a state of ambivalence
The judicial process : an introductory analysis of the courts of the United States, England, and France
The margin of appreciation and the European Court of Human Rights : case law relating to the Latvian nationality problem
The stepmother
Jurisdiction in civil actions : territorial basis and process limitations on jurisdiction of state and federal courts : 1996 cumulative supplement
The consumption of justice : emotions, publicity, and legal culture in Marseille, 1264-1423
Annual report : synopsis of the work of the Court of Justice and the Court of First Instance of the European Communities
Democratization of justice : the selection of judges as a problem of legal ethics and the separation of powers
The supreme court of Norway
Substantive and procedural aspects of international criminal law : the experience of international and national courts. Volume 2, Documents and cases
The administration of criminal justice in England and Wales
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Volume XLIX, The Special tribunal for Lebanon 2009-2013
The clash between protection of personal data and protection of intellectual property rights in the CJUE jurisprudence
Law : a very short introduction
Law and justice in Tanzania : quarter of a Century of the Court of Appeal
Substantive and procedural aspects of international criminal law : the experience of international and national courts. Volume 1, Commentary
The balanced scorecard of international criminal tribunals
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 3
Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) = Tribunal Arbitral du Sport (TAS)
The future of family court : structure, skills and less stress
Synopsis of the work of the Court of Justice and the Court of First Instance of the European Communities in 1990 and record of formal sittings in 1990.
United Nations Diplomatic Conference of Plenipotentiaries on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court, Rome, 15 June-17 July 1998 : official records
Report of the EFTA Court
The federal courts : crisis and reform
Guides to the European Court of Justice
Der Kampf gegen die Überlastung der höheren Gerichte : eine vergleichende Studie über Rechtsmittelverfahren und Massnahmen zur Entlastung der Gerichte : acht Länderberichte = Juguler la surcharge des instances supérieures = Fighting overload in the higher courts
Justice for crimes against humanity
The Court of Justice of the European Communities : jurisdiction and procedure
EC competition law : text, cases and materials
Birds of prey
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 19, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2003-2004
The national judge as EU judge : opinion 1/09
Status quaestionis : questionnaire on the provision of legal interpreting and translation in the EU
Reports of cases before the Court of Justice and the Court of First Instance
