http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3964 causes of death
causes of death
Kuolemansyyt 2006 = Dödsorsaker 2006 = Causes of death 2006
Biomarkers of health and disease in common eiders (Somateria mollissima) in Finland
The inheritor's powder : a cautionary tale of poison, betrayal and greed
Totuuden anatomia = Body of proof. 2. tuotantokausi
What is important in preweaning mortality?
Causes of death in patients with rheumatoid arthritis over a 40-year period : with special emphasis on autopsy
Atlas van de kankersterfte in Nederland 1979-1990 = Atlas of cancer mortality in the Nederlands 1979-1990
The effects of regional characteristics on alcohol-related mortality : a register-based multilevel analysis of 1.1 million men
How to define coronary heart disease in register-based follow-up studies: experience from the Helsinki Heart Study
Kuolemansyyt 2005 = Dödsorsaker 2005 = Causes of death 2005.
Socio-economic mortality differences in Finland 1971-85
Possibilities for necropsy in a sparsely populated area
The enigma of health : the case of Japan
Kuolemansyyt = Causes of death. 1999.
Kuolemansyyt = Causes of death. 1998.
Perceived health and cause-specific mortality among Finnish men and women aged 30 and over
Kuolemansyyt = Dödsorsaker = Causes of death. 2004
Polymyositis and dermatomyositis in Finland : a longitudinal, population-based study
"England has traditionally been understood as a latecomer to the use of forensic medicine in death investigation, lagging nearly two-hundred years behind other European authorities. Using the coroner's inquest as a lens, this book hopes to offer a fresh perspective on the process of death investigation in medieval England. The central premise of this book is that medical practitioners did participate in death investigation although not in every inquest, or even most, and not necessarily in those investigations where we today would deem their advice most pertinent. The medieval relationship with death and disease, in particular, shaped coroners' and their jurors' understanding of the inquest's medical needs and led them to conclusions that can only be understood in context of the medieval world's holistic approach to health and medicine. Moreover, while the English resisted Southern Europe's penchant for autopsies, at times their findings reveal a solid understanding of internal medicine. By studying cause of death in the coroners' reports, this study sheds new light on subjects such as abortion by assault, bubonic plague, cruentation, epilepsy, insanity, senescence, and unnatural death"--Provided by publisher.
Kuolemansyyt = Dödsorsaker = Causes of death. 2006.
Kuolemansyyt 2005 = Dödsorsaker = Causes of death
Mortality and causes of death in 20th-century Ukraine
Summary.
Causes of bovine abortion, stillbirth and neonatal death in Finland 1999-2006
A sociomedical study of the mortality in merchant seafarers : analysis of deaths in the population of active seafarers registered in Sweden 1945-1954
The expedition : a love story : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
Quantification of deaths attributed to air pollution in Sweden using estimated population exposure to nitrogen dioxide as indicator
The secret crown
Socioeconomic inequalities in cardiovascular disease mortality : an international study
Alcohol misuse in relation to traumatic brain injury : the Northern Finland 1966 birth cohort study
Causes of death : life tables for national populations
Dental identification and aspects of medico-legal investigations of the Finnish victims of the Sumatra-Andaman earthquake on 26 December 2004
From findings to statistics : an assessment of Finnish medical cause-of-death information in relation to underlying-cause coding
Educational level and stroke mortality : a comparison of 10 European populations during the 1990s
Inequalities in lung cancer mortality by the educational level in 10 European populations
Death : a survival guide : 100 ways we die and how to avoid them
Childhood mortality in Finland
The transition's mortality crisis in East Germany
Death by stupidity : 1001 of the most astonishingly bizarre ways to bite the dust
Leaving the 20th Century : The Last Rites of Rock 'n' Roll
"This collection presents and analyzes inquest records that tell the stories of ordinary Korean people under the Chosŏn court (1392-1910). Extending the study of this period, usually limited to elites, into the realm of everyday life, each inquest record includes a detailed postmortem examination and features testimony from everyone directly or indirectly related to the incident. The result is an amazingly vivid, colloquial account of the vibrant, multifaceted societal and legal cultures of early modern Korea. Sun Joo Kim is the Harvard-Yenching Professor of Korean History at Harvard University. Jungwon Kim is assistant professor of Korean history at Columbia University; 'This book provides an extremely rare view into social interactions among people of quite different classes in Chosŏn Korea. Points of interest abound'--Robert E. Hegel, Washington University, St. Louis; 'This is an important contribution that significantly advances our knowledge of nineteenth-century Korean legal history. The translated cases shine by being able to introduce daily struggles of non-elites and illustrate the complex dynamics of the judiciary system during the last century of the Chosŏn dynasty'--Jisoo Kim, George Washington University"--
The bone thief
Drug epidemiology, interactions and pharmacogenetics : a post-mortem database study
A brief history of death
The true face of William Shakespeare : the poet's death mask and likenesses from three periods of his life
The conquest of disease : an impossible dream?
The Hollywood book of death : the bizarre, often sordid, passings of more than 125 American movie and TV idols
Kuolemansyyt = Causes of death. 1993.
The expedition : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
Veterinary necropsy procedures
Kuolemansyyt 2004 = Dödsorsaker 2004 = Causes of death 2004.
Kuolemansyyt 2008 = Dödsorsaker = Causes of death
Cause of death, income distribution, and problems of response rates
The hospital autopsy : a manual of fundamental autopsy practice
Suomen virallinen tilasto : 6 B = Finlands officiella statistik = Official statistics of Finland. 121(1965), Kuolemansyyt = Dödsorsaker = Causes of death in Finland
Male mortality from ischaemic heart disease in Finland : relation to region of birth and region of residence
Mortality differences by parental social class from childhood to adulthood
Forensic medicine and death investigation in medieval England
Kuolemansyyt = Dödsorsaker = Causes of death. 2003
Paint it black : the murder of Brian Jones
Charasteristics of urban regions and all-cause mortality in working-age population : effects of social environment and interactions with individual unemployment
Sudden infant death : orthopantomographic findings
Kuolemansyyt = Dödsorsaker = Causes of death. 2007
The coroner
Smoking prevalence and morbidity
Out-of-hospital cardiac arrest : studies on aetiology, treatment and outcome
Infant botulism acquired from household dust presenting as sudden infant death syndrome
How we die : reflections on life's final chapter
Validity of diagnoses of major coronary events in national registers of hospital diagnoses and deaths in Finland
Terveys : 1987-
Male susceptibility and female emancipation : studies on the gender difference in mortality
Cumulative social class and mortality from various causes of adult men
Port mortuary
Differences in mortality by marital status in Finland from 1976 to 2000 : analyses of changes in marital-status distributions, socio-demographic and household composition, and cause of death
Health and mortality : issues of global concern : proceedings of the Symposium on Health and Mortality, Brussels, 19-22 November 1997
Tombstone blues : the encyclopedia of rock obituaries
Tieliikenneonnettomuudet = Road traffic accidents. 2004.
Molecules of murder : criminal molecules and classic cases
Exploitation of autopsy in determining natural cause of death : trends in Finland with special reference to the diagnostics of ischemic heart diseases and cerebrovascular diseases in middle-aged males 1974-1993
A is for arsenic : the poisons of Agatha Christie
Type A behavior pattern revisited : long-term follow-up from the Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease study
Effects of ethanol and certain drugs on tolerance of cold and warm exposure : forensic considerations
Hospital mortality of intensive care patients in Finland : insights into prognostic factors and measuring outcomes
Research on socio-economic differential mortality at the Department of Sociology, University of Helsinki
Comparison of causes of death between the international classification of diseases (ICD8) and the Finnish classification of diseases 1987 and the longitudinal data of causes of death since 1971.
The effects of education, social class and income on non-alcohol- and alcohol-associated suicide mortality : a register-based study of Finnish men aged 25-64
Alcohol and violent deaths in northern Finland
Socioeconomic differentials in mortality in Finland and the United States : the role of education and income
Sudden and unexpected natural and violent deaths in females in comparison to deaths in males : a medico-legal autopsy study in the province of southern Finland during the years 1985, 1992, and 1999
Drug addict deaths in the Nordic countries : a study based on medicolegally examined cases in the five Nordic countries in 1991.
Accidental hypothermia
Disease patterns in field and bank vole populations during a cyclic decline in central Finland
Occupational mortality in the Nordic countries 1971-1980
Canine health, disease and death : data from a Swedish animal insurance database
Crowner's quest
Disease pattern in Greenland : studies on morbidity in Upernavik 1979-1980 and mortality in Greenland 1968-1985
Equality in death? : how the social positions of individuals and families are linked to mortality
A sociomedical study of the mortality in merchant seafarers : analysis of deaths in the population of active seafarers registered in Sweden 1945-54
Thrombomodulin and catecholamines as post-mortem indicators of hypothermia
Post-mortem procedures for wildlife veterinarians and field biologists
Wrongful deaths : selected inquest records from nineteenth-century Korea
Mortality of the Sami in northern Finland 1979-2005
The Ottoman army 1914-1918 : disease & death on the battlefield
The WHO Application of ICD-10 to deaths during pregnancy, childhood and the puerperium : ISD-MM
The impact of tobacco use and/or body composition on adult mortality in urban developing country population : results from the Mumbai cohort study, Mumbai, India, 1991-2003
Mirties priežastys 1995 = Causes of death 1995.
Report of the Goverment of India/Government of Andhra Pradesh/FAO Workshop on Measures to Reduce Loss of Life During Cyclones : Vishakapatnam, Andra Pradesh, India, 4-6 March 1999.
Effects of the characteristics of neighbourhoods and the characteristics of people on cause specific mortality : a register based follow up study of 252000 men
Global estimates of occupational accidents and fatal work-related diseases
Seasonal infection patterns in willow grouse (Lagopus lagopus L.) do not support the presense of parasite-induced winter losses
The hospital autopsy
Premature deaths among illicit drug users : a follow-up study on treatment seeking clients in Finland
Language-group mortality differentials in Finland in 1988-2004 : assessment of the contribution of cause of death, sex and age
Causes of death
Mortality differences according to living arrangements
