http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3972 Late Antiquity
Late Antiquity
The end of the pagan city : religion, economy, and urbanism in late antique North Africa
Constructing identities in late antiquity
The restoration of the Roman Forum in late antiquity : transforming public space
Violence and belief in late antiquity : militant devotion in Christianity and Islam
Transformations of religious practices in late antiquity
The philospher prince
The strange death of pagan Rome : reflections on a historiographical controversy
Comprises over forty specially commissioned essays by experts on the philosophy of the period 200-800 CE.
Housing the stranger in the Mediterranean world : lodging, trade, and travel in late antiquity and the Middle Ages
The coins of late Antiquity AD 400-700
Origen : philosophy of history & eschatology
Boethius' Consolation of philosophy as a product of late antiquity
The eighteen papers collected in this volume - fifteen of which are published in English for the first time - explore the transformations of religious practices between the third and the fifth centuries in the Western part of the Roman Empire. They share an approach that privileges the study of processes and interactions and does not take for granted the categories and roles traditionally ascribed to social actors. A first group of papers focuses on the sermons and letters of Augustine of Hippo. These texts are precious evidence for balancing the clerical perspective that characterizes most of our sources and can thus shed a different light on the problem of Christianization. The second group collects papers that propose to shift attention from the construction of heresies to that of orthodoxy through the case-study of the controversy of Augustine against Pelagius and Julian of Eclanum. A last group present studies that look at the complex relation between burial and religion, with a particular focus on the role played by the church in the organization of the burial of Christians in Late Antiquity.
In Proba the Prophet: The Christian Virgilian Cento of Faltonia Betitia Proba Sigrid Schottenius Cullhed offers an in-depth study and reappraisal of the Cento of Proba and its reception. Proba's poem belongs to the few extant Latin texts from Antiquity penned by a woman writer, and one of the oldest Christian Latin poems. Schottenius Cullhed surveys and challenges common preconceptions and biographical constructions of the poem's author and early readers, and examines their impact on interpretations and evaluations of the text. The author also develops and puts to use an alternative model for understanding the poem and convincingly shows how the Virgilian source texts form a complex net of internal and external Biblical typologies within the Cento.
Repentance in late antiquity : eastern asceticism and the framing of the Christian life c.400-650 CE
Reading the dream text : a nexus between dreams and texts in the Rabbinic literature of late antiquity
"Begotten, not made" : conceiving manhood in late antiquity
Encyclopedia of religious and philosophical writings in late antiquity : pagan, Judaic, Christian
The emergence of formative Judaism has traditionally been examined in light of a theological preoccupation with the two competing religious movements, 'Christianity' and 'Judaism' in the first centuries of the Common Era. In this book Ariel Schremer attempts to shift the scholarly consensus away from this paradigm, instead privileging the rabbinic attitude toward Rome, the destroyer of the temple in 70 C.E., over their concern with the nascent Christian movement. The palpable rabbinic political enmity toward Rome, says Schremer, was determinative in the emerging construction of Jewish self-identity. He asserts that the category of heresy took on a new urgency in the wake of the trauma of the Temple's destruction, which demanded the construction of a new self-identity. Relying on the late 20th-century scholarly depiction of the slow and measured growth of Christianity in the empire up until and even after Constantine's conversion, Schremer minimizes the extent to which the rabbis paid attention to the Christian presence. He goes on, however, to pinpoint the parting of the ways between the rabbis and the Christians in the first third of the second century, when Christians were finally assigned to the category of heretics.
The cult of Saint Thecla : a tradition of women's piety in late antiquity
History and identity in the late antique Near East
Ibn Waḥshiyya on the soul : neoplatonic soul doctrine and the treatise on the soul contained in the Nabatean agriculture
Cambridge history of philosophy in late antiquity. Vol. 2
Memoria mortuorum : commemoration of the departed in Augustine
The sixth century : production, distribution, and demand
Religions of late antiquity in practice
Ways of approaching knowledge in late antiquity and the early Middle Ages : schools and scholarship
Byzantine Athens
Plutarch in the religious and philosophical discourse of late antiquity
"This book contains a collection of papers that focuses on the way patrons, pagan as well as Christian, conveyed messages through material and visual culture and on the reception by the viewers. The contributions investigate how patrons of luxurious buildings, elaborate grave monuments, and churches used architecture, images, and inscriptions to demonstrate political, social, and religious power. The visual arts were a strong factor in communicating identity and attitudes both in the public and private spheres also in Late Antiquity"--P. [4] of cover.
The formation of Christendom
Towns in late antiquity : Iol Caesarea and its context
Martianus Capella and the seven liberal arts. 2, The marriage of Philology and Mercury
Disciplining Christians : correction and community in Augustine's letters
Augustine's confessions : a biography
From Dura to Sepphoris : studies in Jewish art and society in late antiquity
Late antiquity : a very short introduction
Patrons and viewers in late antiquity
Eusebius of Caesarea : tradition and innovations
Women and modesty in late antiquity
Brothers estranged : heresy, Christianity, and Jewish identity in late antiquity
"This is the first book to provide an account of the influence of Proclus, a member of the Athenian Neoplatonic School, during more than one thousand years of European history (ca 500-1600). Proclus was the most important philosopher of late antiquity, a dominant (albeit controversial) voice in Byzantine thought, the second most influential Greek philosopher in the later western Middle Ages (after Aristotle), and a major figure (together with Plotinus) in the revival of Greek philosophy in the Renaissance. Proclus was also intensively studied in the Islamic world of the Middle Ages and was a major influence on the thought of medieval Georgia. The volume begins with a substantial essay by the editor summarizing the entire history of Proclus' reception. This is followed by the essays of more than a dozen of the world's leading authorities in the various specific areas covered"--
Roman Berytus : Beirut in late antiquity
Constantine and the cities : imperial authority and civic politics
The ecclesiastical edicts of the Theodosian code
Biblical epic and rhetorical paraphrase in late antiquity
The Theodosian code : studies in the imperial law of late antiquity
Pagan monotheism in late antiquity
This book addresses change and continuity in late antique Eastern Christianity, as perceived through the lens of the categories of institutional religion and personal religion. The interaction between personal devotion and public identity reveals the creative aspects of a vibrant religious culture that altered the experience of Christians on both a spiritual and an institutional level. A close look at the interrelations between the personal and the institutional expressions of religion in this period attests to an ongoing revision of both the patristic literature and the monastic tradition. By approaching the period in terms of 'revision', the contributors discuss the mechanism of transformation in Eastern Christianity from a new perspective, discerning social and religious changes while navigating between the dynamics of personal and institutional religion.
The bishop of Rome in late antiquity
Dialoguing in late antiquity
Anonymi monophysitae Theosophia : an attempt to reconstruction
Late ancient and medieval population
Jewish and Christian Cosmogony in Late Antiquity
Philosophy and exegesis in Simplicius : the methodology of a commentator
This is a collective work, consisting of about thirty papers focusing on the history of Late Antique and Medieval manuscript transmission of Iberian patristic texts. It opens up a new series entitled Traditio Patrum, focused on the textual transmission of the Early Church Fathers in the Western medieval world. The TraPat series will follow a planned subdivision by geographical area, except for the volume dedicated to the Latin Ante-Nicene Fathers (and those devoted to Latin translations of the Greek Fathers) which will follow a chronological order. The classification system will conform to the Clavis Patrum Latinorum and the Clavis Patrum Graecorum. The goal of this editorial project is twofold: on the one hand to investigate the textual transmission of single authors and works, highlighting specific features and the many aspects that still need further investigation; on the other hand, to make it possible to verify if the textual transmission of Latin patristic texts may obey still identifiable constants, and which they can be (e.g. the literary genre, the personality of the author, a specific historical moment, a field of theological thought etc). In this respect, the geographical area of origin could be an interesting constant to be verified. For the volume dedicated to the Iberian Fathers, it seems to be possible to pinpoint some characteristic features, most notably the tendency to pseudoepigraphy and pseudo-attribution by the manuscript tradition. Each of these features creates a framework for further methodological reflections.
Monks, martyrs, soldiers and Saracens : papers on the Near East in late antiquity (1962-1993)
The call to repentance is central to the message of early Christianity. While this is undeniable, the precise meaning of the concept of repentance for early Christians has rarely been investigated to any great extent, beyond studies of the rise of penitential discipline. In this study, the rich variety of meanings and applications of the concept of repentance are examined, with a particular focus on the writings of several ascetic theologians of the fifth to seventh centuries. These theologians provide some of the most sustained and detailed elaborations of the concept of repentance in late antiquity: SS Mark the Monk, Barsanuphius and John of Gaza, and John Climacus. They predominantly see repentance as a positive, comprehensive idea that serves to frame the whole of Christian life, not simply one or more of its parts.
Agents and objects : children in pre-modern Europe
"This book provides an original context for understanding the prolific fourth-century Christian theologian John Chrysostom and the religious and social world in which he lived. Blake Leyerle analyzes two highly rhetorical treatises by this early church father attacking the phenomenon of "spiritual marriage." Spiritual marriage was an ascetic practice with a long history in which a man and a woman lived together in an intimate relationship without sex. What begins as an analysis of Chrysostom's attack on spiritual marriage becomes a broad investigation into Chrysostom's life and work, the practice of spiritual marriage itself, the role of the theater in late antique city life, and the early history of Christianity.
Freedom and necessity : St. Augustine's teaching on divine power and human freedom
Ostia in late antiquity
Augustine : Christian truth and fractured humanity
Augustine and his critics : essays in honour of Gerald Bonner
Introduction to the New Testament. 1, History, culture, and religion of the Hellenistic age
Proba the Prophet : the Christian Virgilian Cento of Faltonia Betitia Proba
Failure of empire : Valens and the Roman state in the fourth century A.D
Society and culture in late antique Gaul : revisiting the sources
Private households and public politics in 3rd-5th century Jewish Palestine
Çanak : Late antique and medieval pottery and tiles in Mediterranean archaeological contexts : proceedings of the First International Symposium on Late Antique, Byzantine, Seljuk, and Ottoman Pottery and Tiles in Archaeological Context (Çanakkale, 1-3 June 2005) = Akdeniz çevresindeki arkeolojik kazilarda ele geçen geç antik ve artaçag seramigi ve mimari seramigi : Birinci Uluslararasi Seramik Sempozyumu, Arkeolojik Kazilarda Ele Geçen Geç Antik, Bizans, Selçuklu ve Osmanli Seramigi ve Mimari Seramigi
Orbis Romanus Christianusque ab Diocletiani aetate usque ad Heraclium
Cambridge history of philosophy in late antiquity
Water and Roman urbanism : towns, waterscapes, land transformation and experience in Roman Britain
The economic history of European Jews : late antiquity and early Middle Ages
Between personal and institutional religion : self, doctrine, and practice in late antique eastern christianity
Two Romes
The interpretation of the New Testament in Greco-Roman paganism
The essays collected in this authoritative Companion capture the vitality and diversity of scholarship that exists on the transformative time period known as late antiquity. For the last generation, late antiquity - the time between the accession of Diocletian in AD 284 and the end of Roman rule in the Mediterranean - has come to be regarded as one of the most dynamic periods of ancient history. Once seen as a time of decline and fall, late antiquity is now viewed as an era of powerful transformation, in which the peoples and institutions that profoundly influenced the modern world took shape. In providing a useful overview of current scholarship on late antiquity, the essays emphasize the central importance of religion in this period. Theology and belief are situated in historical context as the book highlights the interconnectedness of religious life with economic, social, and political realms.
Theatrical shows and ascetic lives : John Chrysostom's attack on spiritual marriage
Although thoroughly grounded in the texts themselves and the cultural history of late antiquity, this study breaks new ground with its focus on issues of rhetoric, sexuality, and power."--BOOK JACKET.
Culture and literature in Latin in late antiquity : continuities and discontinuities
Days linked by song : Prudentius' Cathemerinon
Poetry and exegesis in premodern Latin Christianity : the encounter between classical and Christian strategies of interpretation
Introduction to the New Testament. 2, History and literature of early christianity
Isidore of Seville's etymologies : the complete English translation of Isidori Hispalensis episcopi etymologiarum sive originum libri xx. Vol. 1, Books 1-10
A history of prayer : the first to the fifteenth century
The world of the Nabataeans : volume 2 of the International Conference, The World of the Herods and the Nabataeans, held at the British Museum, 17-19 April 2001
Traditio Patrum. I, Scriptores Hispaniae
Heresy and identity in late antiquity
The Bible in Greek Christian antiquity
Europe between late antiquity and the middle ages : recent archaeological and historical research in Western and Southern Europe
Using images in late antiquity
From Rome to Constantinople : studies in honour of Averil Cameron
The Attic Moses : the dependency theme in some early Christian writers
Urban centers and rural contexts in late antiquity
Christians talked, debated, and wrote dialogues in late antiquity and on throughout Byzantium. Some were philosophical, others more literary, theological, or Platonic; Aristotle also came into the picture as time went on. Sometimes the written works claim to be records of actual public debates, and we know that many such debates did take place and continued to do so. 'Dialoguing in Late Antiquity' takes up a challenge laid down by recent scholars who argue that a wall of silence came down in the fifth century AD, after which Christians did not 'dialogue.' Averil Cameron now returns to questions raised in her book 'Christianity and the Rhetoric of Empire' (1991), drawing on the large repertoire of surviving Christian dialogue texts from late antiquity to make a forceful case for their centrality in Greek literature from the second century and the Second Sophistic onward. At the same time, 'Dialoguing in Late Antiquity' points forward to the long and neglected history of dialogue in Byzantium. Throughout this study, Cameron engages with current literary approaches and is a powerful advocate for the greater integration of Christian texts by literary scholars and historians alike.
Apuleius and the Metamorphosis of Platonism
People, personal expression, and social relations in late antiquity
The world of the Herods : volume 1 of the International Conference, The World of the Herods and the Nabataeans, held at the British Museum, 17-19 April 2001
Post-Hellenistic philosophy : a study of its development from the Stoics to Origen
The idea and ideal of the town between late antiquity and the the early modern ages
Augustine's City of God : a critical guide
The prosopography of the later Roman empire. Vol. 2, A.D. 395-527
City and school in late antique Athens and Alexandria
Once upon a time in the East : the chronological and geographical distribution of terra sigillata and red slip ware in the Roman East
Interpreting Proclus : from antiquity to the Renaissance
Jewish mysticism. Vol. 1, Late antiquity
The shadow of Creusa : negotiating fictionality in late antique Latin literature
Strategies of distinction : the construction of ethnic communities, 300-800
Get to know the women of Jeme, a Christian enclave in Egypt that existed from 600 to 800 C.E. Using texts documenting the women's activities, the physical remains of their possessions, and the writings of the local religious leaders, T. G. Wilfong traces the lives and careers of individual women and, through them, arrives at an understanding of the reality of women's lives in this place and time. Contrary to the submissive, demure ideals for women proposed by the religious writers of Christian Egypt, the evidence from Jeme points to a more complex, dynamic situation. Women were active in the home, but some also played important and visible parts in the religious and economic life of their community. A bishop's attempts to monitor the behavior of the women in his district, the intricate inheritance dispute between an aunt and her niece, one woman's pious donations of murals to a church, three women's agonized decisions to give up their children to the local monastery, and the transactions of a family of women moneylenders--all these episodes paint a vivid picture of life in a Coptic town. Although the remains of Jeme have long been known to scholars, little synthetic work has been done on this rich source for social history in Egypt before and after the Muslim conquests. The Women of Jeme is the first book-length study of the evidence. It will be of interest to Egyptologists and papyrologists, as well as to scholars of Coptic studies, early Christianity, social history and women's studies. The book assumes no prior knowledge of the subject, and the author has taken care to make it accessible to anyone with an interest in the ancient world. T. G. Wilfong is Assistant Professor of Egyptology and Assistant Curator for Greco-Roman Egypt, University of Michigan.
Mutations of Hellenism in late antiquity
Introduction to the New Testament. 2, History and literature of early Christianity
Families and friends in late Roman Cappadocia
Violence in late antiquity : perceptions and practices
On the attribution of a Latin schoolgrammar transmitted in MS Clm 6281.
Agrarian change in late antiquity : gold, labour, and aristocratic dominance
Tradition in late antique sculpture : conservation - modernization - production
Late antiquity : a guide to the postclassical world
Motions of late antiquity : essays on religion, politics, and society in honour of Peter Brown
Rome in late antiquity : Everyday life and urban change, AD 312-609
Apuleius was a respected philosophus Platonicus in Late Antiquity and the Middle Ages. Until the middle of last century, he attracted the attention of scholars as a so-called 'Middle Platonist' author. Then, with the rejection of the historical schema that he had been situated in (the so-called 'school of Gaius', which we will treat shortly), his 'brother Alcinous was the object of studies and (even harsh) criticisms, while almost nothing more was written about Apuleius by anyone. Studies of Middle Platonism primarily accentuated the liberty of the philosophers of the 1st and 2nd centuries AD, who interpreted the doctrines of Plato without constituting a specific school. Due to this new vision of Middle Platonism, Apuleius' role was difficult to define. It is not uncommon to find that Apuleius the philosopher is completely neglected. The literary character, and especially the 'rhetorical' nature of some of his works and of his personality have probably hurt his reputation in philosophy. These aspects of his personality have however been ever more accentuated in the last few decades within the development of studies on Second Sophistics. Consequently not only have there been few scholars to show interest for Apuleius' philosophical doctrines, but those few who have the opportunity to almost manage his philosophical doctrines usually disregard his literary works. In this way one cannot understand the most specific aspect of his philosophy, which consists in a sort of intermingling of philosophy and literature (a typical attitude of Greek and Latin culture of the 2nd century AD), and above all, of religion and Platonism. The dichotomy between philosophy and literature that was normal in the 19th and 20th centuries therefore still persists in the case of Apuleius. Claudio Moreschini attempted in some way to fill this gap in his 1978 study on Apuleio e il Platonismo. It was obviously in vain. Accordingly, in this book he would like to reflect on the possibility of a synthesis between these two aspects.
"This book offers a fresh approach to some of the most studied documents relating to Christian female asceticism in the Roman era. Focusing on the letters of advice to the women of the noble Anicia family, Kate Wilkinson argues that conventional descriptions of feminine modesty can reveal spaces of agency and self-formation in early Christian women's lives. She uses comparative data from contemporary ethnographic studies of Muslim, Hindu, and indigenous Pakistani women to draw out the possibilities inherent in codes of modesty. Her analysis also draws on performance studies for close readings of Ambrose, Augustine, Jerome and Pelagius. The book begins by locating itself within the complex terrain of feminist historiography, and then addresses three main modes of modest behavior - dress, domesticity and silence. Finally, it addresses the theme of false modesty and explores women's agency in light of Augustinian and Pelagian conceptions of choice"--
Causation and creation in late antiquity
Ostia Antica - Rome's ancient harbor. Its houses and apartments, taverns and baths, warehouses, shops, and temples have long contributed to a picture of daily life in Rome. Recent investigations have revealed, however, that life in Ostia did not end with a bang but with a whimper. Only on the cusp of the Middle Ages did the town's residents entrench themselves in a smaller settlement outside the walls. What can this new evidence tell us about life in the later Roman Empire, as society navigated an increasingly Christian world? Ostia in Late Antiquity, the first academic study on Ostia to appear in English in almost 20 years and the first to treat the Late Antique period, tackles the dynamics of this transformative time. Drawing on new archaeological research, including the author's own, and incorporating both material and textual sources, it presents a social history of the town from the third through ninth century.
Women of Jeme : lives in a Coptic town in late antique Egypt
Perceiving war and the military in early Christian Gaul (ca. 400-700 A.D.)
The authentic self : essays in al-Fārābī and late ancient Greek philosophy
The monk and the book : Jerome and the making of Christian scholarship
Military history of Late Rome, 284-361
Addressing the problem of the relationship between pagans and Christians cannot be separated from assessing the nature of the relationship that linked or divided the members of two very different religions. Te model of conflict has been disseminated by the Hungarian scholar András Alföldi, who in 1934 presented a Christian Constantine in irreconcilable conflict with a pagan Rome and later (most notably in 1958, in a seminar conference at the Warburg Institute) consolidated the idea of a conflictual model in which the aristocracy of Rome, faced with a tightening of measures against traditional cults, realized a real "pagan revival", to raise against Teodosius I "the last pagan army of the ancient world". This model was subjected to a massive critique by Alan Cameron ('The Last Pagans of Rome', Oxford 2011), but was powerfully restated by Stéphane Ratti ('Polémique entre païens et chrétiens. Histoire', Paris 2012). The debate, then, in the course of less than a year, has gained new, effervescent relevance.
Late antiquity : eastern perspectives
Tradition and innovation in late antiquity
The fifth-century chroniclers : Prosper, Hydatius, and the Gallic Chronicler of 452
The Chronicle of Hydatius and the Consularia Constantinopolitana : two contemporary accounts of the final years of the Roman empire
Studies in the history, literature and society of late antiquity
The prosopography of the later Roman empire. Vol. 1, A. D. 260-395
"Goths invaded Rome in 410 AD, and like many aristocratic families, a household of three wealthy, Christian senatorial women fled across the Mediterranean to their land holdings in North Africa. They bore the name Anici, one of the oldest, richest and most respected Roman clans. The family matriarch Proba and her daughter-in-law Juliana, both widows, traveled with Juliana's young daughter Demetrias. Three years later all were publically acknowledged as exemplary Christian ascetics, and their household was a refuge for ascetic Christian women of different ranks"--
Wandering poets and other essays on late Greek literature and philosophy
Between Rome and Persia : the middle Euphrates, Mesopotamia, and Palmyra under Roman control
Late antiquity on the eve of Islam
The exegetical encounter between Jews and Christians in late antiquity
The Oxford handbook of late antiquity
The transition to late antiquity : on the Danube and beyond
Information and frontiers : Roman foreign relations in late antiquity
On Plotinus
Scythia minor : a history of a later Roman Province (284-681)
Transformations of late antiquity : essays for Peter Brown
The quest for continuity : family strategies in the late Roman world
Jerusalem and Athens : cultural transformation in late antiquity
Augustine's Virgilian retreat : reading the auctores at Cassiciacum
The world of late antiquity : from Marcus Aurelius to Muhammad
Divorce in later Roman law
Threads and images : the use of Scripture in Apophthegmata Patrum
Local economies? : production and exchange of inland regions in late antiquities
The Theodosian code and Novels, and the Sirmondian Constitutions
The teachings of Syrianus on Plato's Timaeus and Parmenides
Rome in involution : Cassiodorus' Variae in their literary and historical setting
Coptic perspectives on late antiquity
The philosophical life : biography and the crafting of intellectual identity in late antiquity
Literary territories : cartographical thinking in late antiquity
Decline and change in late antiquity : religion, barbarians and their historiography
