http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3977 variants and variations
variants and variations
The complete Goldberg variations, 1955 & 1981
Compositional practice and analytic technique in Schoenberg's atonal works : reconciling approaches to sets, lines and developing variation
Variations : for piano
Complete piano works : for four hands
The trials and tribulations of Little Red Riding Hood : versions of the tale in sociocultural context
Looking for the masters in Ricardo's golden shoes
Rags & bones : new twists on timeless tales
The complete guide to altered imagery : mixed-media techniques for collage, altered books, artists journals, and more
Frostbite : a study on readers' responses to alteration of a poem
The Elgar experience
International English : a guide to varieties of standard English
Varieties of English : an introduction to the study of language
24 variations on a Bach chorale : Piano solo
Complete Piano Works for Four Hands
The story of the Blind Man and the Loon is a living Native folktale about a blind man who is betrayed by his mother or wife but whose vision is magically restored by a kind loon. Variations of this tale are told by Native storytellers all across Alaska, arctic Canada, Greenland, the Northwest Coast, and even into the Great Basin and the Great Plains. As the story has traveled through cultures and ecosystems over many centuries, individual storytellers have added cultural and local ecological details to the tale, creating countless variations. In The Blind Man and the Loon, folklorist Craig Mishler goes back to 1827, tracing the story's emergence across Greenland and North America in manuscripts, books, and in the visual arts and other media such as film, music, and dance theater. Examining and comparing the story's variants and permutations accross cultures in detail, Mishler brings the individual storyteller into his analysis of how the tale changed over time, considering how storytellers and the oral tradition function within various societies.
Variations for piano (1965)
C-ORAL-ROM : integrated reference corpora for spoken Romance languages
Sign language research 1994 : Proceedings of the 4th European congress on Sign language research. Munich, September 1-3, 1994
The blind man and the loon : the story of a tale
Play it again : cover songs in popular music
Lives of Faust : the Faust theme in literature and music : a reader
Variations on a theme by Haydn
Variantology 1 : on deep time relations of arts, sciences and technologies
Variations, rondos and other works for piano : from Breitkopf & Härtel complete works edition
Beethoven's Diabelli variations
Narcissus reflected : the myth of Narciccus in surrealist and contemporary art
Marcin Dylla : GFA international competition winner 2007
The last lingua franca : English until the return of Babel
The emperor and the nightingale
Polymorphism in the Arctic Skua, Stercorarius parasiticus, in NE Norway
Variations and finale : for ten instruments
Basic forms in music
Exploring linguistic standards in non-dominant varieties of pluricentric languages = Explorando estándares lingüísticos en variedades no dominantes de lenguas pluricéntricas
European attitudes to the global English in use at the close of the 20th century
CLASSICS TO MODERNS : THEMES AND VARIATIONS
The Routledge companion to remix studies
Études for the master timpanist : twelve studies
The graphic canon. / : Volume 3, from Heart of Darkness to Hemingway to Infinite Jest
"Torch is more like grab your torches and pitchforks" : Finnish upper secondary school students' preference for variety between American and British English nouns and spelling
Are we facing an immense wave of language death or a period of remarkable new linguistic variation? Or both? This book answers this question by analysing studies of language endangerment and loss along with those of language change, revitalization and diversity. Using case studies from Russia and the EU, the authors compare historical language variation to that of the present day, arguing that accelerated language extinction can be considered a result of colonization, modernization and globalization, but so too can many new creoles, intertwined and mixed languages, new ethnic identities, new groups of urban dwellers or migrant groups, all with their own distinct cultural traits. The book therefore surmises that the linguistic heritage of today is simultaneously more endangered and more diverse than ever before.
Tradition, translation, trauma : the classic and the modern
The variations of Johannes Brahms
After Alice
Happiness is ... a good transcription : shortcomings in the sheet music publications in the music of the Beatles (1967-68)
Variation and change in the encoding of motion events
Uuno Klami: Tema con variazioni e coda for violoncello and orchestra
Seeing studies : practicing praxis in graphic design
In a glass grimmly
10,000 zombies : create more than 10,000 zombies and 10,000 stories
Alice in wonderland : through the visual arts
Complete sonatas and variations for solo piano
Variations on a theme of Frank Bridge, op.10
The Orchard Book of funny fairy tales
New York variations
Themes and variations. Clarinet
The functions of non-standard English in literature and film : a case study on Roddy Doyle's The commitments
"The essays discuss Black cultural retellings of traditional, European fairy tales. The tales are rich and diverse in perspective, illuminating stories such as Aesop's fables, Cinderella, Rapunzel and Ananse. Stories from Black perspectives adhere to the dictates of traditional literary conventions while steeped in literary traditions that can be traced back to Africa or the diaspora"--Julkaisija
Arban's complete conservatory method for trumpet (cornet) : or Eb alto, Bb tenor, Eb baritone saxophones, euphonium and Bb bass tuba in treble clef
The ballad of lady Isabel and the false knight
The graphic canon. / : Volume 2, from "Kubla Kahn" to the Brontë sisters to the picture of Dorian Gray
Code-switching in early English
Variations for orchestra (The mask of night) : for orchestra and soprano soloist (1965)
Brahms and the principle of developing variation
The graphic canon. / : Volume 1, from the epic of Gilgamesh to Shakespere to Dangerous liaisons
The little sweep, Gemini variations, Children's crusade
Arban's complete conservatory method for trumpet
Ecological versatility and community ecology
A life in music : Eight cello masterclasses. Volume 6, Tchaikovsky - Variations on a Rococo theme, op. 33.
Symphonic metamorphosis of themes by Carl Maria von Weber for orchestra
An introduction to international varieties of English
Proper English : myths and misunderstandings about language
Linguistic genocide or superdiversity : new and old language diversities
Hary Janos : Singspiel in four adventures, a prologue and an epilogue, op. 15 ; libretto by Béla Paulini & Zsolt Harsányi
The Mandé variations
Symphonic Metamorphosis of themes by Carl Maria von Weber for Orchestra
Variations on a rococo theme : op.33, original Version für Violoncello und Orchester : Ausgabe für Violoncello und Klavier : op.33, original version for violoncello and orchestra : edition for violoncello and piano = Variationen über ein Rokoko-Thema
The Goldberg variations : 1981 recording
Elgar's Enigma variations : A hidden portrait and complete performance with Sir Andrew Davis
The young person's guide to the orchestra : variations and fugue on a theme of Purcell
Folklore and modern Irish writing
English speaking countries and varieties of English in teaching : a study of Finnish lower secondary school teaching materials
Essays in musical analysis. 2, Symphonies (II), variations, and orchestral polyphony
Popular variations in Latin-American dancing
Happiness is... a good transcription : reconsidering the Beatles sheet music publications
Variations on a nursery rhyme : op. 25
Merlin in history and literature : legend and reality
Fairy tales with a Black consciousness : essays on adaptations of familiar stories
Variations in D Major : for piano duet = für Klavier zu 4 Händen ; edited and the missing pages reconstructed by = Rekonstruktion der verschollen Seiten und Herausgabe Jan Ekier = Variationen D-dur
Schubert's variations
Hary Janos : Singspiel in four adventures, a prologue and an epilogue, op. 15
The original Ševčík violin studies : 40 Variations/Variationen : op. 3.
Solos for young violinists : Violin part and piano accompaniment. Vol 1.
The "Goldberg" variations
Variations on a theme by Corelli : op. 42 : piano solo
Nineteenth-century piano music : essays in performance and analysis
A few comments on national icons : Akseli Gallen-Kallela's main Kalevala works / Satu Itkonen
Sprache und Gesellschaft in deutschsprachigen Ländern : Beiträge eines Werkstattgesprächs des Goethe-Instituts York in Zusammenarbeit mit dem Department of Language and Linguistic Science der Universität York am 16./17.9.85 in York
Haydn and the classical variation
The great fairy tale disaster
The variation
Local Londoners' attitudes towards multicultural London English
Variations on a theme of Haydn
