http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3974 phenomena
phenomena
Dark predator : a Carpathian novel
Reading Rocky Horror : the Rocky Horror picture show and popular culture
The fandom of the operator
B.P.R.D. : Hell on Earth. [4] : the devil's engine & the long death
Abstract.
The Amityville horror
Breathless : a Firelight novella
Lord of the Abyss
Paranormal activity : Ghost dimension
Dream lover : paranormal tales of erotic romance
A gathering of shadows
The projection of the astral body
Illusion town
Killing ground
The scientification of religion : an historical study of discursive change, 1800-2000
Life after life : the investigation of a phenomenon-survival of bodily death
Haunted Britain and Ireland
The ball is round : a global history of soccer
Destined for an early grave
"The novel opens with the Vampire world in crisis...vampires have been proliferating out of control; burnings have commenced all over the world, huge massacres similar to those carried out by Akasha in The Queen of the Damned... Old vampires, roused from slumber in the earth are doing the bidding of a Voice commanding that they indiscriminately burn vampire-mavericks in cities from Paris and Mumbai to Hong Kong, Kyoto and San Francisco. As the novel moves from present day New York and the West Coast to Ancient Egypt, fourth century Carthage, 14th century Rome, the Venice of the Renaissance, the worlds and beings of all the Vampire Chronicles--from Louis de Pointe du Lac, the eternally young Armand whose face is that of a Boticelli angel; Mekare and Maharet, Pandora and Flavius; David Talbot, vampire and ultimate fixer from the Secret Talamasca, and Marius, the true child of the Millennia; along with all the other new seductive, supernatural creatures--come together in this large, luxuriant, fiercely ambitious novel to ultimately rise up and seek out who--or what--The Voice is, and to discover the secret of what it desires and why... And, at the book's center, the seemingly absent, curiously missing hero-wanderer, the dazzling, dangerous rebel-outlaw--the great "hope" of the Undead, the dazzling Prince Lestat.." --
The book of potentially catastrophic science
The flying sorcerers : more comic tales of fantasy
Tales of the peculiar
Grave memory
Succubus shadows
Dark storm : a Carpathian novel
Into the fire : Night Prince Series, Book 4
Otherkin
Alone. 5, Eye of the maelstrom
Atoms under the floorboards : the surprising science hidden in your home
Shards of hope : a psy-changeling novel
Biology : life on earth
For Az, it's supposed to be a fun summer vacation with her family. Nothing complicated. Just a quick trip to test the waters as she prepares for a year on her own. That all changes when she rescues a drowning girl and meets Tate--the most gorgeous human boy she's ever seen. Tate throws her heart, her plans, and her life into upheaval, but the closer she gets to him, the harder it is to hide the secret of what she is. With no hope for a future together, the last thing that can ever happen . . . is love.
One grave at a time
How fast can you fart? : Dr Dino's learnatorium
Harrow County . vol. 2,  Twice told
B.P.R.D. : Hell on Earth. [3] : Russia
B.P.R.D. : Hell on Earth. [8] : lake of fire
Sisters' fate
The soul of Venice & other stories
The best supernatural tales of Arthur Conan Doyle
Last call at the nightshade lounge : A Novel
Everbound : an Everneath novel
A want so wicked
The X-files : the event series
Othermoon
Cate Cahill goes into an asylum in order to meet her godmother and another oracle as she continues to try to learn about the prophecy and protect her sisters from the oppressive Brotherhood in an alternate New England of 1900.
Representing Evita
At grave's end : a night huntress novel
Last call at The Nightshade Lounge : a novel of magic and mixology
20th century ghosts
The steampunk user's manual : an illustrated practical and whimsical guide to creating retro-futurist dreams
The dead
The most amazing haunted & mysterious places in Britain : more than 600 eerie destinations in England, Scotland and Wales
Extreme weather impact on transport systems
What you need to know now ; the world in facts, stats and graphics
Unspeakable things : sex, lies and revolution
Grave dance : an Alex Craft novel
"Alas, poor ghost!" : traditions of belief in story and discourse : by Gillian Bennett
Paranormal, superstitious, magical, and religious beliefs
B.P.R.D. : Plague of frogs. Volume two
The unexplained : stories of the paranormal
Blood of the earth
The Tetris effect : the cold war battle for the world's most addictive game
One foot in the grave
The wonder of all things
The jinx
The last Party : Britpop, Blair and the demise of English rock
Manchester United : a thematic study
The Bermuda triangle
Celestial wonders in Reformation Germany
Wicked business : a Lizzy and Diesel novel
How did it really happen?
The universal machine
B.P.R.D. : Hell on Earth. 1 : New World
Plague of frogs
Fired up
John dies at the end
The raven king
B.P.R.D. : Hell on Earth. [5] : the pickens county horror & others
Under a watchful eye
Merlin's tour of the universe : a skywatcher's guide to everything from Mars and quasars to comets, planets, blue moons, and werewolves
Shatter me
The creeping shadow
Phoenix in my fortune
Steampunk : back to the future with the new Victorians
The vital message
Hollow earth & other stories
Under the gun
Gin Blanco is the most feared assassin in the South. She's retired now but trouble still has a way of finding her. Two men barrage her restaurant trying to kill Violet Fox, someone Gin agreed to help in dealing with an evil coal-mining tycoon.
The cellphone : is it an urban phenomenon?
The darkest edge of dawn
Encyclopedia of the unexplained
Back to the fifties : nostalgia, Hollywood film, and popular music of the seventies and eighties
The dream thieves
Philosophy of science and the occult
Dark promises : a Carpathian novel
Othersphere
Advanced practical physics for students
Magic rises
Gender, nation, narration : critical readings of cultural phenomena
Becoming Jinn
Liliana, the daughter an evil Blood Sorcerer, must help Micah, the Dark Lord who condemns souls to damnation in the Abyss, remember that he is the last heir of Elden and its only hope for survival
The cosmic connection : worldwide crop formations and ET contacts
"In this spirited sequel to the acclaimed The Rook, Myfanwy Thomas returns to clinch an alliance between deadly rivals and avert epic - and slimy - supernatural war.  When secret organizations are forced to merge after years of enmity and bloodshed, only one person has the fearsome powers - and the bureaucratic finesse - to get the job done. Facing her greatest challenge yet, Rook Myfanwy Thomas must broker a deal between two bitter adversaries:  The Checquy - the centuries-old covert British organization that protects society from supernatural threats, and...  The Grafters - a centuries-old supernatural threat.  But as bizarre attacks sweep London, threatening to sabotage negotiations, old hatreds flare. Surrounded by spies, only the Rook and two women who absolutely hate each other, can seek out the culprits before they trigger a devastating otherworldly war.  Stiletto is a novel of preternatural diplomacy, paranoia, and snide remarks, from an author who "adroitly straddles the thin line between fantasy, thriller, and spoof " (Booklist)"--
Up from the grave
The warning
How to date a dragon
Allegiance of honour : a psy-changeling novel
Asymptotic and numerical studies of electron scattering in 2D quantum waveguides of variable cross-section
The graveyard book
Mind of winter
Handed a message by a mysterious man, a young pawn shop owner embarks on a psychologically dangerous mystery that entangles her in the life of the local PTA treasurer, who helplessly watches her son's growing obsession with his absent father.
"It's hard to be a bad assassassin when a giant is beating the crap out of you. Luckily, I never let pride get in the way of my work. My current mission is personal: annihilate Mab Monroe, the Fire elemental who murdered my family. Which means protecting my identity, even if I have to conceal my powerful Stone and Ice magic when I need it most. To the public, I'm Gin Blanco, owner of Ashland's best barbecue joint. To my friends, I'm the Spider, retired assassin. I still do favors on the side. Like ridding a vampire friend of her oversize stalker--Mab's right-hand goon who almost got me dead with his massive fists. At least irresistible Owen Grayson is on my side. The man knows too much about me, but I'll take my chances. Then there's Detective Bria Coolidge, one of Ashland's finest. Until recently, I thought my baby sister was dead. She probably thinks the same about me. Little does she know, I'm a cold-blooded killer...who is about to save her life."--P. [4] of cover.
Magic binds
A high-ranking member of a secret organization that battles supernatural forces wakes up in a London park with no memory, no idea who she is, and with a letter that provides instructions to help her uncover a far-reaching conspiracy.
The last time I saw her : a novel
Psy-Q : test your psychological intelligence
The encyclopedia of the unexplained : curious phenomena, strange supertitions and ancient mysteries
The power within : the re-examination of certain psychological and philosophical concepts in the light of recent investigations and discoveries
Application and promotion of wireless charging technology
Conspiracy game
Returned from the dead, an unexplained revival that has left her plagued by nightmares, cop and single mom Charlie Madigan must stop the distribution of an off-world drug called ash, while protecting her loved ones from a force more powerful than heaven and hell combined.
Touch the dark
When vampires begin to disappear and rumors of a new war surface, Cat Crawfield and her vampire husband Bones are forced to align themselves with the ghoul queen of New Orleans.
Fairies in my fireplace
New cthulhu : the recent weird
The beautiful ashes
Night music
The right chemistry : 108 enlightening, nutritious, health-conscious and occasionally bizarre inquiries into the science of everyday life
Vol. 4: Cultic revelations : studies in modern historical cult personalities and phenomena
B.P.R.D. : Hell on Earth. [6] : the return of the master
Web of lies
The mammoth encyclopedia of unsolved mysteries
The black flame
The space between : an Outlander novella
The Rook
A need so beautiful
Everneath
Encyclopedia of paranormal powers : discover the secrets of mind readers and more
Leopard's fury
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
Scarred, solitary Derek Gaunt has separated from his Pack, and is truly a lone wolf. With no family he answers to no one; but is fiercely loyal to a chosen few. So, when several of those close to him are murdered, he'll stop at nothing to hunt their killer through the magic-drenched streets of Atlanta. Never one to be left on the sidelines, equally determinedsome might say stubborn Julie Lennart-Olsen soon joins in his pursuit; and what began as revenge turns into a race to save the city. Their search pits them against powers they never imagined and magic so old, it predates history.
Place and intimate sensing
Medusa's web : a novel
Monster in my closet
Sizzle and burn
Alone. 6, The fourth dimension and a half
After Gin's family was murdered by a Fire elemental when she was thirteen, she lived on the streets and eventually became an assassin to survive. Now, Gin is given an assignment by her handler to rub out an Ashland businessman, but it turns out to be a trap. After Gin's handler is brutally murdered, she teams up with the sexy detective investigating the case to figure out who double-crossed her and why.
Grave witch : an Alex Craft novel
Speckle phenomena in optics : theory and applications
From Anne Rice, conjurer of the beloved best sellers Interview with the Vampire and Prince Lestat, an ambitious and exhilarating new novel of utopian vision and power   "In my dreams, I saw a city fall into the sea. I heard the cries of thousands. I saw flames that outshone the lamps of heaven. And all the world was shaken."--Anne Rice, Prince Lestat and the Realms of Atlantis    At the novel's center: the vampire Lestat de Lioncourt, hero, leader, inspirer, irresistible force, irrepressible spirit, battling (and ultimately reconciling with) a strange otherworldly form that has somehow taken possession of Lestat's undead body and soul. This ancient and mysterious power and unearthly spirit of vampire lore has all the force, history, and insidious reach of the unknowable Universe.  It is through this spirit, previously considered benign for thousands of vampire years and throughout the Vampire Chronicles, that we come to be told the hypnotic tale of a great sea power of ancient times; a mysterious heaven on earth situated on a boundless continent--and of how and why, and in what manner and with what far-reaching purpose, this force came to build and rule the great legendary empire of centuries ago that thrived in the Atlantic Ocean.  And as we learn of the mighty, far-reaching powers and perfections of this lost kingdom of Atalantaya, the lost realms of Atlantis, we come to understand its secrets, and how and why the vampire Lestat, indeed all the vampires, must reckon so many millennia later with the terrifying force of this ageless, all-powerful Atalantaya spirit.
There's never been a female on the Dallas SWAT team and Senior Corporal Xander Riggs prefers it that way. The elite pack of alpha male wolfshifters is no place for a woman. But Khaki Blake is no ordinary woman. When Khaki walks through the door attractive as hell and smelling like heaven, Xander doesn't know what the heck to do. Worse, she's put under his command and Xander's protective instincts go on high alert. When things start heating up both on and off the clock, it's almost impossible to keep their heads in the game and their hands off each other.
War on frogs
Efficient optimization algorithms for nonlinear data analysis
Blood bound
Garden of souls
"In the final book in the Cahill Witch Chronicles, the Sisters' and the Brotherhood near all-out war as an epidemic breaks out in New London, and the prophecy that one sister will murder another comes ever closer to fruition"--
The wicked city
Niche : why the market no longer favours the mainstream
The multivalent concept of the imaginary is utilized to capture the presence and diffusion of religious references, symbols, worldviews, and narratives in various media and social spheres, including politics, economics, art, and popular culture. Used to describe the reception and transformation of religious references through time and cultures, imaginary can be defined as a shared pool of mental images and material products, of ideas, symbols, values, and practices that sustain meaning-making processes and cohesion within a collective. Situated at the intersection of sociological, political-philosophical, and cultural studies approaches to religion, this interdisciplinary study offers an intense exchange between theoretical discussions of religion in cultural imaginaries and richly researched empirical analysis.
B.P.R.D. : Plague of frogs. Volume one
A terrible crime forces Lockwood to turn to Lucy for help, setting them on the trail of dark secrets at the heart of London society. Both professionally and personally, their investigation stirs up forces they may not be able to control... / WorldCat.
National Geographic tales of the weird : unbelievable true stories
Faster than a speeding bullet : the rise of the graphic novel
Night game
Dancers in the dark
This side of the grave
Prince Lestat and the realms of Atlantis
The philosophy of appearances
The twilight saga : the complete film archive : memories, mementos and other treasures from the creative team behind the beloved motion pictures
The diviner's tale
Precious dragon : a detective inspector Chen novel
Splish! Splosh! : why do we wash?
Magic stars
Wolf trouble
Succubus dreams
Haunted London
The superphysical : a review of the evidence for continued existence, reicarnation, and mystical states of consciousness
Hungry like the wolf
Black metal : the cult never dies. Volume 1
Ghostbusters 3D : answer the call
Don't look now
Midnight bites : tales of Morganville
Body politic, clockwork state and social contract : metaphor in early modern political theory
Religion in cultural imaginary : explorations in visual and material practices
"Everything is possible in fan fiction" : the thrill of rewriting and reading according to Finnish fan fiction buffs
Neverfall : an Everneath novella
The black goddess
"From the award-winning author of Hide Me Among the Graves, Last Call, Declare, and Three Days to Never, a phantasmagoric, thrilling, mind-bending tale of speculative fiction in which one man must uncover occult secrets of 1920s Hollywood to save his family. In the wake of their Aunt Amity's suicide, Scott and Madeline Madden are summoned to Caveat, the eerie, decaying mansion in the Hollywood hills in which they were raised. But their decadent and reclusive cousins, the malicious wheelchair-bound Claimayne and his sister, Ariel, do not welcome Scott and Madeline's return to the childhood home they once shared. While Scott desperately wants to go back to their shabby South-of-Sunset lives, he cannot pry his sister away from this haunted "House of Usher in the Hollywood Hills" that is a conduit for the supernatural.Decorated by bits salvaged from old hotels and movie sets, Caveat hides a dark family secret that stretches back to the golden days of Rudolph Valentino and the silent film stars. A collection of hypnotic eight-limbed abstract images inked on paper allows the Maddens to briefly fragment and flatten time - to transport themselves into the past and future in visions that are both puzzling and terrifying. Though their cousins know little about these ancient "spiders" which provoke unpredictable temporal dislocations, Ariel and Claimayne have been using for years - an addiction that has brought Claimayne to the brink of selfish destruction. As Madeline falls more completely under Caveat's spell, Scott discovers that to protect her, he must use the perilous spiders himself. But will he unravel the mystery of the Madden family's past and finally free them. or be pulled deeper into their deadly web?"--
Cultic revelations : studies in modern historical cult personalities and phenomena
B.P.R.D. : Hell on Earth. [7] : a cold day in hell
The Promise of Pop-Up Entrepreneurship Towards Temporality And Ambidexterity On Entrepreneuring
Welcome to Night Vale
Knocking on heaven's door : how physics and scientific thinking illuminate the universe and the modern world
Does anything eat wasps? : and 101 other questions : questions and answers from the popular 'Last Word' column
Why playing in red makes you a winner... : and other amazing sports statistics phenomena
Nasa's unexplained files. Season 1.
Halfway to the grave
Magic breaks
Archangel's heart
The better part of darkness
Under the final moon
Stranger than we can imagine : making sense of the twentieth century
The king in yellow
The Unexplained files. Season 1.
Blue Lily, Lily Blue
Star cursed
B.P.R.D. : Hell on Earth. [13] : end of days
Diffuse matter in space
