http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3978 Norwegian language
Norwegian language
Pseudopartitives in Norwegian
Summary: Eeva Törmänen eller Eva Dørmænen? The encounter between the Finnish and the Norwegian anthroponymic system in Norway.
Colloquial Norwegian : the complete course for beginners
NORSK-ENGELSK SUPPLEMENTSORDBOK = NORWEGIAN-.
A phonetic-phonemic analysis of the dialect of Trondheim
Practical Norwegian grammar
Norwegian practical dictionary : Norwegian-English/English-Norwegian
Ferocious beast (óarga dýr) between north and east
Complete Norwegian
The Norwegian language in America : a study in bilingual behavior
Morphological, semantic and functional aspects of English lexical borrowings in Norwegian
"Man is the measure of all things" : the system of kennings as a tangible object
Norwegian for travellers : by the Staff of Berlitz Guides
Colloquial Norwegian : a complete language course
Ordbog over det norrøne prosasprog = A dictionary of Old Norse prose. 1, a-bam
Infinitival phrases in Old Norse : aspects of their syntax and semantics
Learn Norwegian : a practical course in spoken and written Norwegian
Norwegian-English, English-Norwegian dictionary
Ordbog over det norrøne prosasprog = A dictionary of Old Norse prose. 1-3, Nøgle = Key
Norwegian for travellers
Elizabeth Stephanse : a pioneer
Teach yourself Norwegian : a book of self-instruction in the Norwegian riksmål
Norsk-engelsk ordbok for det praktiske liv
Norwegian in three months : Hugo's simplified system
Norwegian : a complete course for beginners
Norwegian : the complete course. 1, Beginners / part B.
Norwegian phrase book
Ordbog over det norrøne prosasprog = A dictionary of Old Norse prose. 1, Nøgle = Key
Complete Norwegian [Moniviestin]
Norwegian : the complete course. 1, Beginners / part A.
English-Norwegian dictionary = Engelsk-norsk ordbook
The teacher as interface : teachers of EFL in ICT-rich environments : beliefs, practices, appropriation
Norsk-engelsk supplementsordbok : norwegian-english supplementary dictionary
Norwegian in three months cassette course : Hugo's simplified system
The syntax of Norwegian passive constructions
Norwegian phrase book & dictionary
Ordbog over det norrøne prosasprog = A dictinary of Old Norse prose. ONP 1-2, Nøgle / Key
Norwegian conversation
Teach yourself Norwegian conversation
Norwegian verbs & essentials of grammar : a practical guide to the mastery of Norwegian
Lappisk (samisk) ordbok = Lapp dictionary. Bd = Vol. 5, Supplement
Norwegian nynorsk : an introduction for foreign students
Norwegian dictionary : Norwegian-English : English-Norwegian
Lappisk ordbok : grunnet på dialektene i Polmak, Karasjok og Kautokeino = Lapp dictionary : based on the dialect of Polmak, Karasjok and Kautokeino. Bind 4, Systematisk del = Systematic part
Engelsk-norsk ordbok = English-Norwegian dictionary
Dialects converging : rural speech in urban Norway
Ordbog over det norrøne prosasprog = A dictionary of Old Norse prose. 3, de-em
Although it is commonplace in scholarship today to talk about a 'system' of kennings or 'kenning system', critical discussion has tended to take the qualification 'system' for granted and left this topic  unexplored. The present paper presents a study of extended kennings which reveals that the systemic network of kennings have different referents. It shows that kennings for MAN / WARRIOR are at the  center of this network.
Progressives in Norwegian and the theory of aspectuality
The phonology of Norwegian
Engelsk-norsk flyteknisk ordbok for flymekanikere
Ordbog over det norrøne prosasprog = A dictionary of Old Norse prose. Registre = Indices
The unaccented vowels of Proto-Norse
Acoustical analysis and perception of tonemes in some Norwegian dialects
A New Introduction to Old Norse. Part 1, Grammar
Norwegian : phrase book & CD
Norwegian. Intermediate
Norwegian : a book of self-instruction in the Norwegian bokmål
A dictionary of the English and Dano-Norwegian languages = Engelsk-dansk-norsk ordbog. 2, N-Z
Colloquial Norwegian
Working papers in linguistics : 3 : 1986
Norwegian: an essential grammar
Teach yourself complete Norwegian
Writing as a text-cultural competence : challenges and solutions  in defining writing as a basic competence in the new Norwegian  curriculum
Norwegian phrase book & CD
A new introduction to Old Norse. P. 2, Reader
Long-distance reflexives in Norwegian : a quantitative study
Norwegian: An Essential Grammar is a reference guide to the most important aspects of contemporary Norwegian as used by native speakers. The Grammar presents a fresh and accessible description of the language. Explanations are clear, free from jargon and often accompanied by exercises. The book gives a simple, step-by-step presentation of the grammatical systems of Norwegian and demonstrates and explains usages which have proved difficult for those learning the language in the past. It is clearly laid-out for easy reference making it accessible for those at a beginner/intermediate level. This is the ideal reference source for all learners, whether studying independently or in a clas
Aspects of Norwegian syllable structure
In/on-type elements in Tamil and Norwegian : a study in the expression of unit-creating relations
"Riksmål" - Norway's unofficial standard language
