http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3973 antiquity
antiquity classical period
Ancient Rome : facts at your fingertips
The forgotten kingdom : the archaeology and history of Northern Israel
A new history of classical rhetoric
Basic roleplaying : Rome : the life and death of the republic
The complete plays
Papyrus [1] : The Rameses' revenge
Ajatus : Suomen filosofisen yhdistyksen vuosikirja. 29, Antiikin filosofian näköaloja = Aspects of ancient philosophy
The popularity of Stephen Hawking's work has put cosmology back in the public eye. The question of how the universe began, and why it hangs together, still puzzles scientists. Their puzzlement began two and a half thousand years ago when Greek philosophers first 'looked up at the sky and formed a theory of everything.' Though their solutions are little credited today, the questions remain fresh. The early Greek thinkers struggled to come to terms with and explain the totality of their surroundings; to identitify an original substance from which the universe was compounded; and to reconcile the presence of balance and proportion with the apparent disorder of the universe. Rosemary Wright examines the cosmological theories of the 'natural philosophers' from Thales, Anaximander and Anaximenes to Plato, the Stoics and the NeoPlatonists. The importance of Babylonian and Egyptian forerunners is emphasised.
Percy Jackson and the Greek heroes
The lives of the noble Grecians and Romans
Ancient ethics : a critical introduction
Germanicus(a.k.a. Germanicus Iulius Caesar) was regarded by many Romans as a hero in the mould of Alexander the Great. His untimely death, in suspicious circumstances, ended the possibility of a return to a more open republic and ambitions for the outright conquest of Germania Magna (Germany and The Netherlands). This, the first modern biography of Germanicus Caesar, is in parts a growing-up story, a history of war, a tale of political intrigue and a murder mystery. It is a natural sequel to the author's acclaimed book, 'Eager for glory', which, for the first time, discussed the life of Germanicus' birth father, Nero Claudius Drusus. Born in 16 BC, Germanicus grew up to be a skilled diplomat and a bold general, but also a formidable courtroom advocate, poet and playwright. Marked out to be a successor to Augustus, he married Agrippina, the first emperor's granddaughter by whom he fathered nine children, including the future Emperor Caligula. His reputation and popularity were immense. He put down a mutiny of the Rhine legions, was responsible for avenging Rome's humiliating defeat at the Battle of Teutoburg Forest through victory at Idistaviso (AD 16), and the recovery of two of the three lost legionary eagle standards. Recognizing his achievements, the Emperor Tiberius - his adoptive father - granted him a full triumph, but refused to let him complete the reconquest of Germania, sending him instead to command the provinces in the East. Did Tiberius feel jealous and threatened? Germanicus' good fortune waned when he fell out with one of Tiberius' gubernatorial appointees, the arrogant patrician Calpurnius Piso. Germanicus' death in Syria under mysterious circumstances, aged 34, brought great outpourings of public grief and anger, with many suspecting murder on the orders of Tiberius. As Romans demanded justice Piso was put on trial, but he committed suicide - or was he murdered? - before the senate could reach a verdict.In this highly readable, fast paced account, historical detective Lindsay Powell details Germanicus' campaigns and battles in Illyricum and Germania; tracks him on his epic tour of the Eastern Mediterranean to Armenia and down the Nile; evaluates the possible causes of his death; and reports on the cruel fate his wife Agrippina and their children suffered at the hands of Praetorian Guard commander, and Tiberius' infamous deputy, Aelius Seianus.
Plato. 1, Metaphysics and epistemology
The ancient economy
Ancient Greece
Mystic Italy : by Michael I. Rostovtzeff
The dream of reason : a history of philosophy from the greeks to the renaissance
Alexander the Great : journey to the end of the earth
Introducing the ancient Greeks
The histories
The ancient Greeks
A history of ancient Greece in fifty lives
Isle of forbidden love
Papyrus [5] : The anger of the great sphinx
The Penguin encyclopedia of classical civilizations
Philosophy of science : the link between science and philosophy
Unwrapped sky
Papyrus [3] : Tutankhamon : the assassinated pharaoh
Fifty key classical authors
A companion to food in the Ancient world
Brill's new Pauly supplements online
The new comedy of Greece and Rome
Aspendos and Perge : a traveller's guide through ancient Pamphylian cities
The Christianization of an ancient pilgrimage site : a case study of the Athenian Asklepieion
Atlas of the Greek and Roman world in antiquity
Saving the city : ambiguities in ancient Greek crisis management
The Oxford classical dictionary
A dictionary of classical antiquities : mythology, religion, literature, art
A Companion to Food in the Ancient World presents a comprehensive overview of the cultural aspects relating to the production, preparation, and consumption of food and drink in antiquity.
The Romans and their gods : in the age of Augustus
Metamorphoses : a new translation, contexts, criticism
The rise and fall of civilizations : modern archaeological approaches to ancient cultures : selected readings
Review: George Anagnostopoulos, A Companion to Aristotle
Percy Jackson and the Greek gods
The legacy of the ancient world. Volume 1
Greek satyr play : five studies
A smaller classical dictionary
Physics
Myths of the origin of fire : an essay
Ritualised friendship and the Greek city
Jews and gentiles in early Jewish novels
The meditations of Marcus Aurelius : spiritual teachings and reflections : selections annotated & explained
Classical Athens
Emperors and the Divine – Rome and its Influence
Papyrus [4] : The evil mummies
The staff of Serapis
Age of bronze. Volume 3B, Betrayal. Part two
Harry Mount's odyssey : Ancient Greece in the footsteps of Odysseus
From Persephone to Pan : D. H. Lawrence's mythopoeic vision of the integrated personality with special emphasis on the short fiction and other writings in the early nineteen twenties
Ennead I.6 : on beauty
The ultimate encyclopedia of mythology : an A-Z guide to the myths and legends of the ancient world
Shield of thunder
Our ancient wars : rethinking war through the classics
The dialogues of Plato. Volume I; translated into English with analyses and introductions by B. Jowett
Women in the ancient world
This article focuses on three interrelated themes in the study of ancient Greek religion, looked at through the mateiral evidence from the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia on the island of Poros, Greece. First, I look at the so-called polis model and its applicability to an interpretation of Kalaureian material related to the cultic life of the sanctuary from the point of view of the 'historiography' of Greek religion. I then discuss the historical context of the archaeological material, with particular emphasis on the topic of the sanctuary as a known place of asylum particularly during the Hellenistic period. Thirdy, I examine the archaeological material related to eating and dining and its potential connections to the demarcation between sacred and profane activities and between sacralised and profane space in the sanctuary, with special interpretative attention to the significance of border(s) and boundaries. Drawing attention to these issues may help us understand the dynamics and interplay between 'official' and 'private' aspects of ancient Greek religion, within both the tradition of the scholarship of ancient Greek religion and the so-called 'archaeology of cult'.
Astrology and religion among the Greeks and Romans
The Staff of Serapis : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
On the Spartacus road : a spectacular journey through ancient Italy
Cosmology in antiquity
Greece and the Persians
The Arkadians
Germanicus : the magnificent life and mysterious death of Rome's most popular general
The basic works of Cicero ; edited, with an introduction and notes by Moses Hadas
Daughter of smoke & bone
Papyrus [6] : The amulet of the great pyramid
Jewish women in Greco-Roman Palestine : an inquiry into image and status
Under another sky : journeys in Roman Britain
Plato's Phaedo
Tales of Troy and Greece
The son of Sobek : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
The Oxford history of the classical world
Searching for Sappho : the lost songs and world of the first woman poet : including new translations of all of Sappho's surviving poetry
Augustus : From revolutionary to Emperor
Problems of canonity and identity formation in Ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia
The decline of Rome : the metamorphosis of ancient civilisation
Corridor talk to culture history : public anthropology and its consequences
Turtles all the way down : on Plato's Theaetetus, a commentary and translation
Sophocles : Antigone
The collected dialogues of Plato, including the letters
A brief history of ancient astrology
The archaeology of death in the ancient Near East
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of stoic joy
The mystery of the Hanging Garden of Babylon : an elusive world wonder traced
Science and politics in the ancient world
Ancient Greek civilization
The legacy of the ancient world. Volume 2
The pomegranate ring
Hieroglyphs of horror
Apollo : the international magazine of the arts
Philebus and Epinomis
The dialogues of Plato. Volume III; translated into English with analyses and introductions by B. Jowett
Journey to Britannia : from the heart of Rome to Hadrian's Wall, AD 130
Curse tablets and binding spells from the ancient world
Ancient history : key themes and approaches
The Odyssey
Ancient philosophy : a beginner's guide
For more than twenty-five centuries, all that the world knew of the poems of Sapphothe first woman writer in literary historywere a few brief quotations preserved by ancient male authors. Yet those meager remains showed such power and genius that they captured the imagination of readers through the ages. But within the last century, dozens of new pieces of her poetry have been found written on crumbling papyrus or carved on broken pottery buried in the sands of Egypt. As recently as 2014, yet another discovery of a missing poem created a media stir around the world. The poems of Sappho reveal a remarkable woman who lived on the Greek island of Lesbos during the vibrant age of the birth of western science, art, and philosophy. Sappho was the daughter of an aristocratic family, a wife, a devoted mother, a lover of women, and one of the greatest writers of her own or any age. Nonetheless, although most people have heard of Sappho, the story of her lost poems and the lives of the ancient women they celebrate has never been told for a general audience.
Plato at the Googleplex : Why philosophy won't go away
Studies on the iconography of cosmic kingship in the ancient world
Olympic flame chase
The Gods of Olympus : a history
Why why why did Romans race to the circus?
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
Word and action : essays on the ancient theater
Letters on ethics : to Lucilius
Taboo, magic, spirits : a study of primitive elements in roman religion
The decline and fall of the Roman empire
Dialogue form in Greek verse inscriptions with some non-inscriptional parallels
Bonus locus : studies on the distribution of Roman villas in the countryside around Rome
The lost island
Papyrus [2] : Imhotep's transformation
Vergina : the royal tombs and the ancient city
Roma : the novel of ancient Rome
The Penguin book of classical myths
Tales from the Greek legends
A dictionary of classical antiquities : mythology, religion, literature & art
The singer in the ecclesiastical hierarchy : the early history of the order
A handbook of Greek constitutional history
The Christianisation of Latin metre : a study of Bede's De arte metrica
Thermae et balnea : the architecture and cultural history of Roman public baths. 2, Catalogue and plates
Through the eye of a needle : wealth, the fall of Rome, and the making of Christianity in the West, 350-550 AD
Alexander the Great : lessons in strategy
In the ancient Graeco-Roman world, it was a common practice to curse an enemy or rival by writing an incantation on a tablet and dedicating it to a god or spirit. More than a thousand such texts, written between the fifth century BC and the fifth century AD, have been discovered in places ranging from North Africa to England, and from Syria to Spain. Until now, however, there has been no English translation of these tablets and indeed the texts themselves have remained virtually unknown. This volume makes these fascinating texts available for the first time. A substantial introduction supplies the full cultural, social, and historical context for the texts. The selected translations, arranged thematically, are fully annotated and accompanied by extensive commentary. Reflecting a wide range of social occasions, including lawsuits, love affairs, business competition, and horse-races, the tablets open a window into the hearts and minds of ordinary people, shedding light on a dimension of classical society in which historians today are increasingly interested.
Bhramarotpītādharaḥ: Bees in Classical India
Aspects of antiquity : discoveries and controversies
Music in ancient Greece and Rome
Bitumen and petroleum in antiquity
XXIII. Limes Congress 2015 : abstracts of lectures and posters, list of participants
Ships and sea-power before the great Persian War : the ancestry of the ancient trireme
Aristotleś politics
George Kennedy's three volumes on classical rhetoric have long been regarded as authoritative treatments of the subject. This new volume, an extensive revision and abridgment of "The Art of Persuasion in Greece", "The Art of Rhetoric in the Roman World", and "Greek Rhetoric under Christian Emperors", provides a comprehensive history of classical rhetoric, one that is sure to become a standard for its time. Kennedy begins by identifying the rhetorical features of early Greek literature that anticipated the formulation of "metarhetoric," or a theory of rhetoric, in the fifth and fourth centuries b.c.e. and then traces the development of that theory through the Greco-Roman period. He gives an account of the teaching of literary and oral composition in schools, and of Greek and Latin oratory as the primary rhetorical genre. He also discusses the overlapping disciplines of ancient philosophy and religion and their interaction with rhetoric. The result is a broad and engaging history of classical rhetoric that will prove especially useful for students and for others who want an overview of classical rhetoric in condensed form.
Democracy
The Oxford encyclopedia of ancient Egypt. Vol. 1
The Sevso treasure. Pt. 1
The economy and society of Pompeii
The authentic self : essays in al-Fārābī and late ancient Greek philosophy
Catalogue of terracottas : Cypriote, Greek, Etrusco-Italian and Roman
The complete works of Tacitus : The annals : The history : The life of Cnaeus Julius Agricola : Germany and its tribes : A dialogue on oratory
Maintaining loyalty, declaring continuity, legitimizing power : ludi saeculares of Septimius Severus as a manifestation of the golden age
From polis to borders : demarcation of social and ritual space in the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia, Greece
The oxford classical dictionary : [the ultimate reference work on the classical world]
The dialogues of Plato. Volume IV; translated into English with analyses and introductions by B. Jowett
Sibyls and Sibylline prophecy in classical antiquity
Science in History. Volume 1, Emergence of Science
INTRODUCTION TO ANCIENT HISTORY
Glories of the past : ancient art from the Shelby White and Leon Levy collection
Lord of the silver bow
The enemies of Jupiter
Early ships and seafaring : European water transport
Istae contra omnium religiones : characterizing northern barbarian religiosity in the Graeco-Roman literary tradition from Hellenism to the Later Empire
Defining the art of grammar : ancient perceptions of γραμματική and grammatica
The dialogues of Plato. Vol. 2, Republic ; Gorgias ; Parmenides
Greek and roman siege machinery 399 BC-AD 363
Fall of kings
Eureka! : everything you ever wanted to know about the Ancient Greeks but were afraid to ask
Hippocrates, Epid. 5 : 86, an ancient 'simple' story from antiquity? - a comparative and contextual folkloric approach
Aristotle and mathematics : aporetic method in cosmology and metaphysics
The political leaders, writers, artists and philosophers of ancient Greece turned a small group of city states into a pan-Mediterranean civilization, whose legacy can be found everywhere today. But who were these people, what do we know of their lives and how did they interact with one another? In this new history of Greece, David Stuttard takes an original approach, weaving together the lives of the movers and shakers of the Greek world into a continuous narrative, from the early tyrant rulers Peisistratus and Polycrates, through the stirrings of democracy under Cleisthenes to the emergence of Macedon under Philip II and Alexander the Great and the eventual decline of the Greek world with the rise of Rome.
Gibbon's masterpiece, which narrates the history of the Roman Empire from the second century a.d. to its collapse in the west in the fifth century and in the east in the fifteenth century, is widely considered the greatest work of history ever written. This abridgment retains the full scope of the original, but in a compass equivalent to a long novel. Casual readers now have access to the full sweep of Gibbon's narrative, while instructors and students have a volume that can be read in a single term.
How to win a Roman chariot race : lives, legends and treasures from the ancient world
Nemea : a guide to the site and museum
Plato's Philebus
Seventeen-year-old Karou, a lovely, enigmatic art student in a Prague boarding school, carries a sketchbook of hideous, frightening monsters--the chimaerae who form the only family she has ever known.
