http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3971 tests
tests assays
The validity of occupational aptitude tests
The verification of dust-particle-counter in case of differences of particle shapes
Who reads best? : factors related to reading achievement in grades 3, 7, and 11
Experiments in educational psychology
The practice of psychological assessment
Cognitive performance and progression of Alzheimer's disease: measurement and intervention : the ALSOVA follow-up study
Testing psychological tests
Handbook of gender and sexuality in psychological assessment
Ultimate psychometric tests : over 1,000 verbal, numerical, diagrammatic and IQ practice tests
Ultimate aptitude tests : assess and develop your potential with numerical, verbal and abstracts tests
Effects of endocrine disruptors on adrenocortical and leydig cell steroidogenesis
Diagnosis and management of testicular cancer : the European point of view
The good girl's guide to bad men
Principles of educational and psychological testing
This volume outlines the general principles of Learning Oriented Assessment (LOA), placing it in the context of European language learning policy. The authors pose three key questions central to LOA: 'What is learning?' , 'What is to be learned?' and 'What is to be assessed?'. It focuses on the use of evidence, and how it can be collected and used to feed back into learning, overviews large-scale assessment as practised by Cambridge English and learning-oriented classroom assessment practices, and concludes with a look at implementing LOA in practice.
Developments in the Rorschach technique. Volume I : Technique and theory / Bruno Klopfer ... [et al.]
Principles of animal extrapolation
Physical fitness and its testing in adults with intellectual disability
The question book : what makes you tick?
Automatable microplate-based in vitro assays for screening intestinal drug transport and metabolism
Educational evaluation : analysis and responsibility
Longman introductory course for the TOEFL test
How to pass verbal reasoning tests
The effect of grade level, gender, and learning style on responses to conservation-type rhythmic and melodic patterns
Carbonic anhydrases in the reproductive system : with special emphasis on isoenzymes VI, IX, XII, and a novel nuclear nonclassical form
Improve your skills : writing for IELTS 4.5-6.0 : with answer key
Abstract.
Multilingualism and assessment : achieving transparency, assuring quality, sustaining diversity : proceedings of the ALTE Berlin Conference, May 2005.
Testauslaboratorioiden toiminta : yleiset laatuvaatimukset = General criteria for the operation of testing laboratories
IELTS washback in context : preparation for academic writing in higher education
Vocabulary : pre-intermediate
GMM estimation with noncausal instruments
Statistics explained
Intelligence : reconceptualization and measurement
Cracking the GRE. 2010 edition
Contemporary approaches to psycholgical assessment
Personality characteristics and functional capacity in depression and anxiety disorders
Longman preparation course for the TOEFL test. Vol. A : companion to skills and strategies : CBT volume
The analysis of fantasy : the thematic apperception technique in the study of personality
GMAT 800 : advanced prep for advanced students
Psychological testing : an introduction
Modelling the rejection probability of a quality test consisting of multiple measurements
Dynamic assessment : a Vygotskian approach to understanding and promoting L2 development
Metal fatigue analysis handbook : practical problem-solving techniques for computer-aided engineering
Prepares pupils for the Academic IELTS Writing paper. This book is full of exercises and examples to help develop key Writing skills. It includes tips that support students on how to approach the Writing tasks, and MPO for further practice online.
Pass the British citizenship test
Does multiple-choice testing lead to multiple-choice teaching? : textbook washback of the Finnish matriculation examination in English
Digital SLR photography : e-lehti
Dynamic Assessment (DA) reconceptualizes classroom interactions by arguing that teaching and assessment should not be distinct undertakings but must be integrated as a single activity that seeks to understand learner abilities by actively supporting their ongoing development. DA is based in the Vygotskian notion of the Zone of Proximal Development (ZPD) which captures the uniquely human potential to exceed our present capabilities by working in cooperation with others whose dialogic interaction mediates us to higher levels of functioning. DA offers a framework for co-constructing a ZPD with learners in order to simultaneously reveal the full range of their abilities and promote development. This book presents the first in-depth analysis of DAa (TM)s application to particular problems of L2 development. It includes detailed discussions of the core theoretical tenets as well as guidelines for implementing DA principles in L2 classrooms. The book will be of interest to language teacher educators, language testers, classroom practitioners, and students and researchers in the areas of SLA, language pedagogy, and assessment.
Score : the strategy of taking tests
Scoring and response style on written simulation problems
Validity in educational & psychological assessment
Language tests at school : a pragmatic approach
Tests of independence based on unit expected cell frequencies
McGraw Hill's GMAT
Preservation of male fertility in childhood acute leukemia : an experimental study addressing novel strategies and putative risks
Tests : a comprehensive reference for assessments in psychology, education, and business
Rate yourself! : Assess your skills, personality and abilities for the job you want
Milk testing : the laboratory control of milk
Problems in human assessment
Studies of psychomotor personality tests. 1
This book presents a collection of statistical methods and procedures to assess data coming from educational systems. The topics examined include: statistical methods for constructing composite indicators, applied measurements, assessment of educational systems, measurement of the performance of the students at Italian universities, and statistical modeling for questionnaire data. Other issues are the implications of introducing different assessment criteria and procedures to the Italian university system.
Test your own IQ
This paper introduces a Lagrange Multiplier (LM) test for testing an autoregressive structure in a binary time series model. Simulation results indicate that the two versions of the proposed LM test have reasonable size and power properties when the sample size is large. A parametric bootstrap method is suggested to obtain approximately correct sizes also in small samples. The use of the test is illustrated by an application to recession forecasting models using monthly U.S. data.
Timber harvester operators' working technique in first thinning and the importance of cognitive abilities on work productivity
The ToM storybooks as a tool of studying chidren's theory of mind in Finland
Validity in psychological measurement:an investigation of test norms
Performance scale patterns in various diagnostic groups
The graduate psychometric test workbook : essential preparation for quantitative reasoning, data interpretation, and verbal reasoning tests : advanced level
Vocabulary : intermediate
An investigation of the role of educational background on performance on the GRE analytical measure
Regulating mechanisms of gonadal and pituitary tumorigenesis in mice producing human chorionic gonadotropin
What does your test measure? : construct definition in language test development and validation
Improve your numerical reasoning
A software tool for rapidly prototyping new forms of computer-based assessments
Outcome in psychiatric outpatient services : reliability, validity and outcome based on routine assessments with the GAF scale
TOEFL test strategies
Switchable lanthanide fluorescence probes in homogenous molecular diagnostics
Orthopedic Physical Assessment
Statistical models for test equating, scaling, and linking
The accuracy of automatic qualitative analyses of constructed-response solutions to algebra word problems
Test your IQ : 400 questions to boost your brain power
Automatic portability testing
Introduction to psychology. Test item file to accompany
Research methods in psychology
Introduction to classical and modern test theory
Mathematics tests available in the United States and Canada
Adaptive control processes : a guided tour
Examining the validity of a computer-based generating-explanations test in an operational setting
Test your IQ : 400 new tests to boost your brainpower!
Assessing academic English : testing English proficiency, 1950-1989 : the IELTS solution
The goal of this book is to emphasize the formal statistical features of the practice of equating, linking, and scaling. This book encourages the view and discusses the quality of the equating results from the statistical perspective (new models, robustness, fit, testing hypotheses, statistical monitoring) as opposed to placing the focus on the policy and the implications, which although very important, represent a different side of the equating practice. This book contributes to establishing 'equating' as a theoretical field, a view that has not been offered often before. The tradition in the practice of equating has been to present the knowledge and skills needed as a craft, which implies that only with years of experience under the guidance of a knowledgeable practitioner could one acquire the required skills. This book challenges this view by indicating how a good equating framework, a sound understanding of the assumptions that underlie the psychometric models, and the use of statistical tests and statistical process control tools can help the practitioner navigate the difficult decisions in choosing the final equating function. This book provides a valuable reference for several groups: statisticians and psychometricians interested in the theory behind equating methods, in the use of model-based statistical methods for data smoothing, and in the evaluation of the equating results in applied work; practitioners who need to equate tests, including those with these responsibilities in testing companies, state testing agencies, and school districts; and, instructors in psychometric, measurement, and psychology programs.
Second language performance testing = L'Evaluation de la"performance" en langue seconde
Cardiorespiratory fitness and physical activity in older adults : a population-based study in men and women
Handbook of Gender and Sexuality in Psychological Assessment brings together two interrelated realms: psychological assessment with gender and sexuality. This handbook aids in expanding the psychological assessors' knowledge and skill when considering how gender and sexuality shapes the client's and the assessor's experiences. Throughout the six sections, gender and sexuality are discussed in their relation to different psychological methods of assessment; various psychological disorders; special considerations for children, adolescents, and older adults; important training and ethical considerations; as well as several in-depth case discussions.
Brilliant psychometric tests : what the best candidates know, do and say
Essentials of psychological testing
Match wits with Mensa : the complete quiz book
IQ and psychometric tests : assess your personality, aptitude and intelligence
Comparing the incomparable : an essay on the importance of big assumptions and scant evidence
Language testing : recent developments and persistent dilemmas
The Testatin/Cres subgroup of family 2 cystatins in sexual development
Standardized tests in education
Opel Manta Volume 1 : [roadtests, articles, adverts 1970 to 1988]
The measurement and appraisal of adult intelligence
Educational and psychological measurement and evaluation
Personality assessment and self-other rating agreement : moderators and implications of agreement
Introduction to personality and intelligence
Barron's outsmart the TOEFL : test strategies and tips
Passing psychometric tests : know what to expect and get the job you want
The Cambridge CAE course : self-study student's book
Graphical modeling : a new response type for measuring the qualitative component of mathematical reasoning
Measurement and evaluation in psychology and education
Effects of examinee choice on a test of divergent thinking
Statistical methods for the evaluation of university systems
Food allergies and hypersensitivities among children in South Karelia:occurrence, inheritance and seasonality
The VMI developmental test of visual-motor integration : administration, scoring, and teaching manual
The gene : an intimate history
Clinical significance of test item refusals among young children
Check your English vocabulary for TOEFL
The I used to know that activity book : stuff you forgot from school
Language in Social Life is a major series which highlights the importance of language to an understanding of issues of social and professional concern. It will be of practical relevance to all those wanting to understand how the ways we communicate both influence and are influenced by the structures and forces of contemporary social institutions. In all modern societies individuals are subject to tests, whether to enter educational programs, to pass from one level to the next or to grant certificates to practice. Yet, tests are powerful tools which are often introduced in undemocratic and unethical ways as disciplinary tools for carrying out various policy agendas. Tests can be detrimental to people's lives as they are capable of affecting and defining the knowledge and behaviour of those who are being tested. The Power of Tests applies a critical perspective of language tests by examining their uses and consequences in education and society and by viewing tests not as isolated events but rather as embedded in social, educational and political contexts. The book is divided into four parts: the first part establishes the power of tests through echoing the voices of test takers, describing the features of the power of tests, and the temptations that tests offer to bureaucrats who use them for power and control. The second part reports on studies that provide empirical evidence about intentions and effects of a number of large scale language tests. The third part interprets the results by examining their consequences on education and society, arriving at a model of tests' use. The final section of the book offers strategies for controlling and minimising the misuses of tests by introducing the notion of Critical Language Testing which calls for the examination of the consequences and misuses of tests, monitoring of power and pointing to their unethical uses. It also provides a comprehensive discussion of the responsibilities of language testers, including a new Code of Ethics, as well as strategies for guarding and protecting the rights of test takers.
Hematology : a combined theoretical and technical approach
Figural-response assessment : system development and pilot research in cell and molecular biology
Stimulus-response (S-R) tests provide a unique way to acquire information about human perception by capturing automatic responses to stimuli and attentional processes. This paper presents OpenSR, a user-centered S-R testing framework providing a graphical user interface that can be used by researchers to customize, administer, and manage one type of S-R test, the implicit association test. OpenSR provides an extensible open-source Web-based framework that is platform independent and can be implemented on most computers using any operating system. In addition, it provides capabilities for automatically generating and assigning participant identifications, assigning participants to different condition groups, tracking responses, and facilitating collecting and exporting of data. The Web technologies and languages used in creating the OpenSR framework are discussed, namely, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Twitter Bootstrap, Python, and Django. OpenSR is available for free download..
Adverse events among older people associated with use of drugs with anticholinergic properties
Assessing individuals : psychological and educational tests and measurements
Autocrine and paracrine regulation of Leydig cell survival in the postnatal testis
The power of writing hands : logical memory performance after handwriting and typing tasks with Wechsler Memory Scale revised edition
Friday surprise
Principles of test theories
OpenSR: an open-source stimulus-response testing framework
Smooth tests of goodness of fit
Writing for IELTS with answer key : 6.0-7.5
Musculoskeletal examination
The CEFR in practice
A magnificent history of the gene and a response to the defining question of the future: What becomes of being human when we learn to "read" and "write" our own genetic information? Siddhartha Mukherjee has a written a biography of the gene as deft, brilliant, and illuminating as his extraordinarily successful biography of cancer. Weaving science, social history, and personal narrative to tell us the story of one of the most important conceptual breakthroughs of modern times, Mukherjee animates the quest to understand human heredity and its surprising influence on our lives, personalities, identities, fates, and choices.
Prenatal tests and ultrasound
"This volume gives an overview of the impact of the CEFR on teaching and assessment as well the extensive debate surrounding the framework. The book covers the four main areas with which the CEFR is concerned: its role as a common framework, the Common Reference Levels, what the CEFR implies for planning and teaching, and assessment of CEFR levels. A distinction is maintained between practical information and academic discussion. Each chapter is organised into three sections: Essentials, to introduce the relevance of the CEFR to the topic concerned; More detail, to give examples of the implementation the framework; and Issues, a discursive section with a focus on misconceptions of the CEFR and how these could be addressed. The conclusion discusses the extent to which the CEFR is generating change, the priorities for curriculum development in the future and how the framework can be further exploited and developed"--
This book will help you achieve the score you want on the TOEFL. It includes winning strategies and test-taking advice that apply to both the iBT and the ITP versions of the test, a comprehensive overview and explanation of the test's scoring, links to study material online, and written audioscripts for the material on the included CDs.
A video demonstration of the 14 most valid physical examination tests for the shoulder
Software testing techniques : finding the defects that matter
Numeracy tests for dummies
Handbook of human and social conditions in assessment
Mighty brain teasers
Basic readings on the MMPI in psychology and medicine
IQ and aptitude tests : assess your verbal, numerical and spatial reasoning skills
Sprouty and Cerberus proteins in urogenital system development
Determinants of persistence of graduate students in Ph. D. Programs
Effectiveness of an exercise training program on youth with Asperger syndrome
[Szondi's personality theory in the year 2004]. [Second volume], BEL colour test : test volume 2004
"When Handbook of Normative Data for Neuropsychological Assessment was originally published in 1999, it was the first book to provide neuropsychologists with summaries and critiques of normative data for neuropsychological tests." "Locator tables guide the reader to the sets of normative data that are best suited to each individual case, depending on the demographic characteristics of the patient, and highlight the advantages associated with using data for comparative purposes. Those using the book have the option of reading the authors' critical review of the normative data for a particular test, or simply turning to the appropriate data locator table for a quick reference to the relevant data tables in the Appendices." "The second edition includes reviews of 15 new tests. The way the data are presented has been changed to make the book easier to use. Meta-analysis tables of predicted values for different ages (and education, where relevant) are included for nine tests that have a sufficient number of homogeneous datasets." "No other reference offers such an effective framework for the critical evaluation of normative data for neuropsychological tests. Like the first, the second edition will be welcomed by practitioners, researchers, teachers, and graduate students as a unique and valuable contribution to the practice of neuropsychology."--BOOK JACKET.
Clinical tests for the musculoskeletal system : examinations, signs, phenomena
Room/corner test round robin : project 2 of the EUREFIC fire research programme
Measurement and assessment in teaching
Test your idioms
Explorations in personality : a clinical and experimental study of fifty men of college age
Intelligence and attainment tests
This book presents the views of leading European experts on the diagnosis and management of testicular cancer, with coverage of current hot topics in the field. It opens by providing an overview of the recommendations in the most recent consensus paper from the European Germ Cell Cancer Consensus Group, which is based on interdisciplinary cooperation among urologists, medical oncologists, radio-oncologists, pathologists, and basic scientists. The remainder of the book focuses on areas of controversy in the diagnosis, treatment, and follow-up of testicular cancer. In each case the evidence base is discussed and results from the most recent studies are reviewed, drawing attention to new findings that might alter treatment recommendations. The treatment-related chapters cover a broad range of issues, including the best approach in patients with poor-prognosis and recurrent disease and those with long-term toxicities. Relevant aspects of survivorship care are also addressed. The book will help clinicians and practitioners to achieve the goals of minimizing therapy and its side-effects without reducing efficacy in low stage disease, improving the cure rate in advanced disease, and enhancing follow-up and long-term survivorship.
Introduction to the Szondi test : theory and practice
Rorschach's test. I : Basic processes / foreword by Willard L. Valentine
Effect of antihypertensive drugs on blood pressure during exposure to cold:experimental study in normotensive and hypertensive subjects
Who do you think you are? : explore your many-sided self with The Berkeley Personality Profile
Psychological testing : principles and applications
Testing an autoregressive structure in binary time series models
Diagnostic psychological testing
Check your English vocabulary for IELTS : [vocabulary workbook]
Book of IQ tests : book 5
Psychological testing and assessment
Motor test bench designing for the Rotax 912 ULS motor
The role of process conformance and developers' skills in the context of test-driven development
Reducing size distortions of parametric stationary tests
Handbook of normative data for neuropsychological assessment
IQ and psychometric tests : assess your personality, aptitude, and intelligence
Psychological testing : principles, applications, and issues
Rorschach's test. II : A variety of personality pictures / foreword by Roy R. Grinker
The measurement of adult intelligence
The Helsinki test : the inkblots and using the test
Electrocardiographic predictors of six-minute walking distance among 63-76-year-old women
Test your vocabulary for FCE
Cambridge preparation for the TOEFL test
Parental Communication Deviance as a risk factor for thought disorders and schizophrenia spectrum disorders in offspring:The Finnish Adoptive Family Study
The metabolic profile test
Straight talk about mental tests
Supplement till MCT-manualen = supplement to the MCT manual
Assessment of risk and prevention of type 2 diabetes in primary health care
Lagged variables are often used as instruments when the generalized method of moments (GMM) is applied to time series data. We show that if these variables follow noncausal autoregressive processes, their lags are not valid instruments and the GMM estimator is inconsistent. Moreover, in this case, endogeneity of the instruments may not be revealed by the J-test of overidentifying restrictions that may be inconsistent and, as shown by simulations, its finite-sample power is, in general, low. Although our explicit results pertain to a simple linear regression, they can be easily generalized. Our empirical results indicate that noncausality is quite common among economic variables, making these problems highly relevant.
Detection of illicit drugs and drug precursors with cantilever-enhanced photoacoustic spectroscopy
Learning oriented assessment : a systemic approach
Prepares pupils for the Academic IELTS Writing paper. This book is full of exercises and examples to help develop key Writing skills. It includes useful tips that support students on how to approach the Writing tasks and build their confidence to ensure success in the exam. It is a 'With Key' version.
Carbonic anhydrases in the reproductive system:with special emphasis on isoenzymes VI, IX, XII, and a novel nuclear nonclassical form
The power of tests : a critical perspective on the uses of language tests
Ecotoxicity assessment of biodegradable plastics and sewage sludge in compost and in soil
The problem of equivalence in translating texts in international reading literacy studies : atext analytic study of three English and Finnish texts used in the PISA 2000 reading texts
400 must-have words for the TOEFL
An investigation of problem solving tasks in different graduate disciplines
Test construction : development and interpretation of achievement tests
The measurement of personality traits by scales and inventories
English proficiency and differences among racial and ethnic groups in mean SAT and GRE scores : a longitudinal analysis
Interactive two-step training and management strategy for improvement of the quality of point-of-care testing by nurses:implementation of the strategy in blood glucose measurement
Associations between age and cognitive foundation skills in the Nordic countries : a closer look at the data
Text authenticity in international reading literacy assessment : focusing on PISA 2000
Perception of privacy in smartphone applications : profiling users based on personality traits
Check your English vocabulary for FCE+ : [vocabulary workbook]
Java platform micro edition game testing
Workforce readiness : competencies and assessment
Measurement and evaluation in human performance
The Handbook of Human and Social Conditions in Assessment is the first book to explore assessment issues and opportunities occurring due to the real world of human, cultural, historical, and societal influences upon assessment practices, policies, and statistical modeling. With chapters written by experts in the field, this book engages with numerous forms of assessment: from classroom-level formative assessment practices to national accountability and international comparative testing practices all of which are significantly influenced by social and cultural conditions. A unique and timely contribution to the field of Educational Psychology, the Handbook of Human and Social Conditions in Assessment is written for researchers, educators, and policy makers interested in how social and human complexity affect assessment at all levels of learning. Organized into four sections, this volume examines assessment in relation to teachers, students, classroom conditions, and cultural factors. Each section is comprised of a series of chapters, followed by a discussant chapter that synthesizes key ideas and offers directions for future research. Taken together, the chapters in this volume demonstrate that teachers, test creators, and policy makers must account for the human and social conditions that shape assessment if they are to implement successful assessment practices which accomplish their intended outcomes.
A cognitive analysis of solutions for verbal, informal, and formal-deductive reasoning problems
ACSM's resource manual for Guidelines for exercise testing and prescription
PET and MR imaging in Parkinson's disease patients with cognitive impairment : a study of dopaminergic dysfunction, amyloid deposition, cortical hypometabolism and brain atrophy
Thermal, hormonal and cardiovascular responses to single and repeated nonhypothermic cold exposures in man
How to pass selection tests : essential preparation for numerical, verbal, clerical and IT tests
Psychological testing : principles, applications and issues
Neurobehavioral test battery of the Institute of Occupational Health
Theory of mental tests
A comprehensive guide to sport skills tests and measurement
Motor skills of young adults with Asperger syndrome: A comparative study
Psy-Q : test your psychological intelligence
Testing and assessment in counseling practice
Psychometrics in coaching : using psychological and psychometric tools for development
How to pass numeracy tests
Test scores and what they mean
