http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3976 machineries
machineries
Motor engineering knowledge for marine engineers
Machine devices and components : illustrated sourcebook
Mechanisms and mechanical devices sourcebook
Electronic rulebook : rules for classification of ships
Electric machinery fundamentals
The Boneshaker
Integrated hub gear motor for heavy-duty off-road working machines : interdisciplinary design
Offshore support vessel : market overview and machinery comparison
Industrial mechanics and maintenance
Ingenious mechanisms for designers and inventors. Vol. 3
Norwegian Epic technical features
The operation and maintenance of machinery in motorships
Reeds general engineering knowledge for marine engineers
Ingenious mechanisms for designers and inventors. Vol. 4
Overall equipment effectiveness : a powerful production/maintenance tool for increased profits
The running and maintenance of marine machinery
Design of machinery : an introduction to the synthesis and analysis of mechanisms and machines
Design of hydraulic-free deck crane for a bulk carrier-type of ship
Machine design databook
Ship performance : some technical and commercial aspects
Redundant machinery for product tanker
Uva's guide to cranes, dollies, and remote heads
Ingenious mechanisms for designers and inventors. Vol. 1
Handbook of compliant mechanisms
Ingenious mechanisms for designers and inventors. Vol. 2
Britten's old clocks and watches and their makers : a history of styles in clocks and watches and their mechanisms
Compliant mechanisms
Instruments : repair, overhaul, testing, and calibration of aircraft and aero-engine instruments; adjustments, installation, and compensation of compasses in aircraft
Handbook of machinery dynamics : edited by Lynn L. Faulkner. Earl Logan, Jr
Keep it running : industrial asset management
Marine diesel engines : maintenance troubleshooting & repair
Ship Automation for Marine Engineers and ETOs
Green ships - eco shipping - clean seas : the 12th Annual General Assembly, International Association of Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland, 12-14 June 2011
Feed water systems and treatment
Making wooden mechanical models
Kinematic design of machines and mechanisms
The induction machine handbook
Industrial automation : hands on
Euromaintenance -88 : the 9th European Maintenance Congress and Fair, Helsinki, Finland 24-27 May 1988.
Bluetooth : connect without cables
Prognosis of wear progress based on regression analysis of condition monitoring parameters
Reed's motor engineering knowledge for marine engineers
Robust control of diesel ship propulsion
Reed's general engineering knowledge for marine engineers
Illustrated dictionary of essential process machinery terms
Marine auxiliary machinery
New propulsion solution saves time and money
Striking and chiming clocks : their working and repair
