http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3986 foreign aid
foreign aid
Evaluation of rural water supply projects with reference to the organizational aspects in Ethiopia
Domestic resource mobilization by social movement organizations in Latin America : a case study of the Abrinq Foundation for children rights of Brazil
Aiding democracy abroad : the learning curve
The humanitarian decade : challenges for humanitarian assistance in the last decade and into the future. Vol. 2, General Assembly resolution 46/182, the development of practice, principles and the humanitarian framework
The reality of aid 2004 : an independent review of poverty reduction and development assistance : focus on governance and human rights
Soviet aid to the Third World : the facts and figures
Preventing food crises in the Sahel : ten years of network experience in action 1985-1995
Legitimating aid : donors and policy making in the rural water supply and sanitation sector in Nepal
Foreign aid : selected readings
Doing good or doing well? : Japan's foreign aid program
ACP-EU cooperation after 2020 : towards a new partnership?
The international education of the development consultant
Abstract: Investors have stayed away from the African continent for a very long time and rightfully so. The continent is fraught with civil unrest from Somalia to Sudan, from Libya to Democratic Republic of Congo. Most of the countries that are experiencing civil unrests are resource-rich nations. This gives credence to the concept of 'resource curse' for resource-rich nations. Sierra Leone is no exception, having suffered an eleven-year long civil war, from 1991 to 2002, causing major setbacks for the country, from loss of lives to a disrupted economic system. However, with the speed of economic growth around the world, Africa has become an important entity with its vast natural resource deposits. The world needs Africa to fuel its economic growth, which has seen the influence and presence of China, with the fastest growing economy, see significant growth on the continent. Sierra Leone now enjoys some stability and its economy steadily growing. With the recent discovery of two oil wells off the coasts of Freetown is bound to see more FDI coming the country's way. The country also has embarked on reopening some of its mines that were closed because of the civil war. The country is expected to start negotiating for mining and exploration contracts. For the past 50 years, China has been working hard to strategically position itself in Africa and developed important bilateral relationships to maintain a strong foothold on the continent. China has become Africa's leading single donor, on a continent that largely depends on aid; this is a major advantage for the Asian giant. Western and Chinese aid are both aimed at the same goal, the UN's Millennium Development Goals (MDG). However, there are significant differences in their policies and implementations. The difference can be found in their conditions and/or what they are tied to (place or company to spend it with).
"Why do countries give foreign aid? Although many countries have official development assistance programs, this book argues that no two of them see the purpose of these programs in the same way. Moreover, the way countries frame that purpose has shaped aid policy choices past and present. The author examines how Belgium long gave aid out of a sense of obligation to its former colonies, The Netherlands was more interested in pursuing international influence, Italy has focused on the reputational payoffs of aid flows and Norwegian aid has had strong humanitarian motivations since the beginning. But at no time has a single frame shaped any one country's aid policy exclusively. Instead, analyzing half a century of legislative debates on aid in these four countries, this book presents a unique picture both of cross-national and over time patterns in the salience of different aid frames and of varying aid programs that resulted".
Sweden and national liberation in Southern Africa : volume 1: formation of a popular opinion 1950-1970
Bases abroad : the global foreign military presence
Evaluation : country programme between Finland and Nicaragua
Buying power : the political economy of Japan's foreign aid
America's quest for supremacy and the Third World : a Gramscian analysis
Spaces of aid : how cars, compounds and hotels shape humanitarianism
EuropeAid Co-operation Office
Mid-term review of the Strategic Development Programme 2006-2011 (SDP2) of the National Smallholder Farmers' Association of Malawi (NASFAM)
Ideas, interests and foreign aid
Moral vision in international politics : the foreign aid regime, 1949-1989
Foreign aid safari : journeys in international development
Not breaking the rules, not playing the game : international assistance to countries at war
Bread and the ballot : the United States and India's economic development, 1947-1963
Financing of projects in North-West Russia
Development projects in the third world success or failure?
Summary: Evaluation of Kosovo country programme.
The news media, civil war, and humanitarian action
Evaluation : Kosovo country programme
"Civil society organisations are today considered crucial indevelopment partnerships. This Policy Dialogue argues that current aid programs tend to turn such CSOs into businesses that are required to meet donor demands for reportable results, rather than to serve the needs of intended beneficiaries. Based on case studies drawn from HIV and AIDS work in Mozambique, Rwanda and South Africa, the report explores the methods donors use to govern development partnerships and their effect on the distribution of responsibility among partners. It further examines the responses by recipient organisations to these requirements, ranging from acquiescence to resistance. These case studies, drawn from the field of HIV/AIDS, are also invaluable in shedding light on wider issue of the governance of international development cooperation with civil society." --Publisher's description.
"The boys from the north" : the Nordic volunteers in Estonia's war of independence, 1918-1920
The Spanish Civil War and the British left : political activism and the popular front
Assessment of progress in the implementation of the programme of action for LDCs for the decade 2001-2010 : UNCTAD's contribution to the mid-term review : progress made, results achieved and lessons learned ; United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
Liberia - the eye of the storm : a review of the literature on internally displaced, refugees and returnees
The United Nations and Mozambique 1992-1995
Human security : concepts and implications
Power and policy slippage in Tanzania : discussing national ownership of development
Aid effectiveness : the impact of inequality and conditionality on aid allocation
Humanitarian action in war : aid, protection and impartiality in a policy vacuum
Humanitarian aid from the European Community
Norway's peace policy : soft power in a turbulent world
Evaluation : the country programme between Finland and Tanzania
Finnish Relief Fund, Inc. : report to American donors : December 1939 - July 1940.
Social and economic policies to prevent complex humanitarian emergencies : lessons from experience
The prevention of humanitarian emergencies
Economic development in Africa : doubling aid : making the "big push" work
Kansainvälisille kansalaisjärjestöille (INGO) suunnatun tuen arvointi = Evaluation of support allocated to international non-governmental organisations (INGO) : loppuraportti
The humanitarian decade : challenges for humanitarian assistance in the last decade and into the future. Vol. 1, Panel discussion on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of General Assembly resolution 46/182, Dag Hammarskjöld Library auditorium, United Nations, New York, Wednesday, 17 July 2002.
Through Soviet Russia and Finnish campaign 1940
Foreign aid and foreign policy : major powers and Nepal
Aid, diplomacy and facts on the ground : the case of Palestine
Norway and national liberation in Southern Africa
Kaliningrad : meripihkareservaatti Itämeren etelärannalla = amber reserve at the southern rim of the Baltic sea
The rise of Japanese NGOs : activism from above
Aid and conflict : opportunities for Finnish preventive action in Somalia
Doing the right thing : relief agencies, moral dilemmas and moral responsibility in political emergencies and war
Aid : understanding international development cooperation
Sierra Leone After the War : Reconstruction, Aid and Corruption
Humanitarian aid from the European Community : emergency aid, food aid, refugee aid
Public and non-profit interaction : U.S. assistance to eastern European media 1989-1995
Grant assistance (financed by the Japan Fund for Information and Communication Technology) for developing a database on cross-border trade and investment in BIMP-EAGA
Who is responsible? : donor-civil society partnerships and the case of HIV/AIDS work
Sierra Leone after the war : reconstruction, aid and corruption
Asymmetric information, time inconsistency and foreign aid
Preventing conflict : the role of the Bretton Woods Institutions
Les aspects internationaux des catastrophes naturelles et industrielles = The international aspects of natural and industrial catastrophes
Greece : American aid in action 1947-1956
Political will versus external help : the pattern of Bulgaria
American foreign aid and global power projection : the geopolitics of resource allocation
Thematic evaluation of the Finnish humanitarian assistance : evaluation report
Technical and non-technical aspects of externally supported rural water supply projects in developing countries
The development state : aid, culture & civil society in Tanzania
From civil strife to civil society : civil and military responsibilities in disrupted states
Compassion and calculation : the business of private foreign aid
Aid and power : the World Bank and policy-based lending. Vol. 1, Analysis and policy proposals
Politics of innocence : Hutu identity, conflict, and camp life
Inclusive aid : changing power and relationships in international development
Central Asia's second chance
Eroding local capacity : international humanitarian action in Africa
Impact of foreign aid on sustainability of micro finance institutions : empirical evidence from Sub-Saharan Africa
Assistance programmes for Central and Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union
Studies on emergencies and disaster relief
The trouble with Africa : why foreign aid isn't working
The big truck that went by : how the world came to save Haiti and left behind a disaster
Comparison of four Nordic-supported rural water supply projects in Tanzania
Grant assistance (financed by the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction) to the Kyrgyz Republic for reducing neonatal mortality : September 2004.
Cooperation for international development : the United States and the third world in the 1990s
Grant assistance (financed by the Japan Fund for Information and Communication Technology) to Mongolia for information and communication technology for improving rural health services : August 2004.
Sweden and national liberation in southern Africa : Volume II: solidarity and assistance 1970-1994
Solving problems in humanitarian supply chain processes with a supply chain management information system
Planning and evaluation in aid organizations
The great North Korean famine
The crisis caravan : what's wrong with humanitarian aid?
The trouble with aid : why less could mean more for Africa
Foreign aid reconsidered
Grant assistance (financed by the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction) to the Kyrgyz Republic for reducing vulnerability of the poor to natural disasters : September 2004.
Aid as imperialism
Spain still needs our help
Foreign aid and Third World development
Three empirical studies on development : democracy, the resource curse and aid
