http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3987 disaster relief
disaster relief
Humanitarian logistics
The use of novel information technology in military medicine and mass casualty situation training
The selfish altruist : relief work in famine and war
Sustaining hope in a changing world : Echo 2001
Saving the mill : the amazing recovery of one of Japan's largest paper mills following the 2011 earthquake and tsunami
Famine that kills : Darfur, Sudan
An imperfect offering : dispatches from the medical frontline
Building resilience : social capital in post-disaster recovery
Operational security management in violent environments : a field manual for aid agencies
The Ethiopian famine
The booming global humanitarian market is worth billions of dollars a year, yet the demand for, and provision of, humanitarian assistance for those affected by wars and disasters rarely if ever converges. In parallel, 'humanitarian economics' has emerged as a new field of study and practice, one that encompasses the economics and political economy of war, disaster, terrorism and humanitarianism. Carbonnier's book is the first to present humanitarian economics to a wider readership, one that seeks to define its parameters, explain its utility and convince us why it matters. Among the issues he discusses are: how are emotions and altruism incorporated within a rational-choice framework? How do the economics of war and terrorism inform humanitarians' negotiations with combatants, and shed light on the role of aid in conflict? What do catastrophe bonds and risk-linked securities hold for disaster response? How does the impact of the Syrian crisis on Lebanon illustrate the challenges of assessing needs in an urban, middle-income country and of opting for cash assistance rather than material aid? As more actors enter the humanitarian marketplace, including private firms, Carbonnier's revealing portrayal is especially timely, as is his critique of the transformative power of crises.
Dunant's dream : war, Switzerland and the history of the red cross
Buddhism, international relief work, and civil society
Performance in humanitarian supply chains
ABC of conflict and disaster
Hope in hell : inside the the world of Doctors Without Borders
China's crisis management
Disaster management : international lessons in risk reduction, response and recovery
Humanitarian emergencies : indicators, measurements, and data considerations
Spaces of aid : how cars, compounds and hotels shape humanitarianism
Consolidation in humanitarian logistics
The right to adequate food in emergencies
Confronting catastrophe : a GIS handbook
From natural disaster areas to zones of political conflict around the world, a new logic of intervention combines military action and humanitarian aid, conflates moral imperatives and political arguments, and confuses the concepts of legitimacy and legality. The mandate to protect human lives--however and wherever endangered--has given rise to a new form of humanitarian government that moves from one crisis to the next, applying the same battery of technical expertise (from military logistics to epidemiological risk management to the latest social scientific tools for good governance ) and reducing people with particular histories and hopes to mere lives to be rescued. This book explores these contemporary states of emergency. Drawing on the critical insights of anthropologists, legal scholars, political scientists, and practitioners from the field, Contemporary States of Emergency examines historical antecedents as well as the moral, juridical, ideological, and economic conditions that have made military and humanitarian interventions common today. It addresses the practical process of intervention in global situations on five continents, describing both differences and similarities, and examines the moral and political consequences of these generalized states of emergency and the new form of government associated with them.
Corporate-humanitarian partnership building : the case of Peepoople’s humanitarian emergency response partnerships
Humanitarian aid in post-Soviet countries : an anthropological perspective
Livestock-related interventions during emergencies : the how-to-do-it manual
Contemporary states of emergency : the politics of military and humanitarian interventions
Capitalizing on catastrophe : neoliberal strategies in disaster reconstruction
Guidelines for the fisheries and aquaculture sector on damage and needs assessments in emergencies
Outcomes of post-tsunami housing reconstruction : a case study from Sri Lanka
Informal learning framework for secondments : logistics lessons from disaster relief operations
Coping of finnish Red Cross nurses in catastrophe work abroad
Risking house and home : disasters, cities, public policy
Soldiers to the rescue : humanitarian lessons from Rwanda
Ethiopian famines 1973-1985 : a case-study
The age of humanitarian emergencies
The European Union explained : humanitarian aid and civil protection
Humanitarian aid from the European Community
Building community resilience from post-disaster recovery : a case study from the Philippines
Sacred aid : faith and humanitarianism
"The March 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan plunged the country into a state of crisis. As the nation struggled to recover from a record breaking magnitude nine earthquake and a tsunami that was as high as 38 meters in some places, news trickled out that Fukushima had experienced meltdowns in three reactors. These tragic catastrophes claimed some 20,000 lives, initially displacing some 500,000 people and overwhelming Japan's formidable disaster preparedness. This book brings together the analysis and insights of a group of distinguished experts on Japan to examine what happened, how various institutions and actors responded and what lessons can be drawn from Japan's disaster. The contributors, many of whom experienced the disaster first hand assess the wide-ranging repercussions of this catastrophe and how it is already reshaping Japanese culture, politics, energy policy, and urban planning. This book is essential reading for anyone seeking an understanding of the events of March 2011 in Japan and the wider consequences for the future of the country and the rest of the world."--Publisher's description.
China's overseas relief operations = Kua guo da jiu yuan
The Club du Sahel : an experiment in international co-operation
Adapting stakeholder theory to partner selection process in humanitarian logistics : case: Finn Church Aid
Handbook of disaster research
"This book presents a comprehensive overview of crisis management in China. It considers economic, political and military crises, and also natural disasters and public health problems. In each area it considers the nature of potential crises and their possible effects, and the degree to which China is prepared to cope with crises."--Publisher's description.
Current problems of the international humanitarian law
Natural disaster and nuclear crisis in Japan : response and recovery after Japan's 3/11
International Red Cross handbook
Interactions of Development Intervention and Conflict in Northern Uganda
Tsunami : responding to an unprecedented emergency
Disaster response and recovery : strategies and tactics for resilience
Humanitarian architecture : 15 stories of architects working after disaster
Evaluation of Finnish humanitarian assistance 1996-2004 : final report
Because we are all human : Finnish Red Cross 1877-2002
Humanitarianism in question : politics, power, ethics
Design like you give a damn : architectural responses to humanitarian crisis
The white book about support for the Ryongchon disaster
The humanitarians : the International Committee of the Red Cross
The give and take of disaster aid : social and moral transformation in the wake of the tsunami in Sri Lanka
Relief supply chain management for disasters : humanitarian aid and emergency logistics
The golden fleece : manipulation and independence in humanitarian action
Emergency response logistics in action : case: Finnish Red Cross ERU mission in Pakistan 2010
Blinded by humanity : inside the UN's humanitarian operations
"Research that occurs in the context of emergencies and disasters requires attention to challenging contexts and circumstances. Qualitative Disaster Research walks readers through the ways in which those contexts can be managed to produce careful, rigorous, and scholarly work. Each chapter provides an overview of approaches, methods, and techniques with illustrations from established disaster studies. Step-by-step instructions outline ways to gather, analyze, and write up qualitative field data. User-friendly examples show readers how to move from initial research ideas to final publication. Throughout the volume, readers find helpful suggestions for a range of field-based scenarios. Qualitative Disaster Research stands out of the first volume of its kind with the singular intent to serve as a guide to those new to or wanting a refresher course in disaster studies. Students and faculty will find the book approachable and ideal for use in training the next generation of disaster researchers"--
Acts of God : the unnatural history of natural disaster in America
Shigeru Ban : humanitarian architecture
Humanitarian reason : a moral history of the present times
Crisis and recovery 1997
Hunger and entitlements
3.11 : disaster and change in Japan
Sustainable housing reconstruction : designing resilient housing after natural disasters
The International Committee of the Red Cross : a neutral humanitarian actor
SWOT analysis of the Finnish Red Cross emergency response unit deployment in Kenya 2006 - 2007
Supply chain management for humanitarians : tools for practice
From massacres to genocide : the media, public policy, and humanitarian crises
Model rules for disaster relief operations
Humanitarian economics : war, disaster and the global aid market
"Humanitarian Logistics examines the key challenges facing those whose role it is to organize and distribute resources in the most difficult of situations. This multi-contributor title includes insights from some of the world's leading experts in humanitarian logistics. It examines key issues including, warehousing, procurement and funding. With particular focus on pre-disaster preparation, rather than post-disaster assistance, Humanitarian Logistics provides current thinking as well as best practice for those who need to understand the many challenges and ways to respond effectively in this crucial area"--
Finnish summary.
Humanitarian crises and migration : causes, consequences and responses
Les aspects internationaux des catastrophes naturelles et industrielles = The international aspects of natural and industrial catastrophes
Humanitarian emergencies and military help in Africa
Humanitarian Charter and minimum standards in humanitarian response
Japan's disaster governance : how was the 3.11 crisis managed?
With some 50 million people living under duress and threatened by wars and disasters in 2012, the demand for relief worldwide has reached unprecedented levels. Humanitarianism is now a multi-billion dollar enterprise, and aid agencies are obliged to respond to a range of economic forces in order to 'stay in business'.
Design without borders : experiences from incorporating industrial design into projects for development and humanitarian aid
Disaster, conflict and society in crises : everyday politics of crisis response
National platform for disaster risk reduction
Education for disaster healthcare : a story of humanitarian endeavour
Report from ground zero : the heroic story of the rescuers at the World Trade Center
Streamlining humanitarian operations through a bottleneck analysis : case: Finnish Red Cross and Emergency Response Units
In Capitalizing on Catastrophe an international group of scholars and professionals critically examine how local communities around the world have prepared for and responded to recent cataclysms. The book's principal focus is the increasing trend to rely on the private sector to deal with natural disasters and other forms of large-scale devastation, from hurricanes and tsunamis to civil wars and industrial accidents. Called "disaster capitalism" by its critics, the tendency to contract private interests to solve massive, urgent public problems may be inevitable but is extremely problematic—especially with respect to peoples who need help the most. Can private relief groups give the highest priority to potential and actual victims of large disasters, for example, if that means devoting fewer resources to protecting tourism and other profitable industries? The high-profile contributors to this volume straightforwardly tackle such timely and difficult questions of great public concern.
War and the Red Cross : the unspoken mission
Humanitarian logistics : meeting the challenge of preparing for and responding to disasters
Abstract.
Facing hazards and disasters : understanding human dimensions
Introduction to international disaster management
Preventing famine : policies and prospects for Africa
Studies on emergencies and disaster relief
The big truck that went by : how the world came to save Haiti and left behind a disaster
Hope after disaster : annual review 2005
International humanitarian assistance : disaster relief actions in international law and organization
EU management of global emergencies : legal framework for combating threats and crises
The political economy of hazards and disasters
Disaster relief for development
War or health? : a reader
Qualitative disaster research
"This timely book brings together leading experts from multi-disciplinary backgrounds to reflect on diverse humanitarian crises and to shed light on a series of exploratory questions: In what ways do people move in the face of crisis situations? Why do some people move, while others do not? Where do people move? When do people move, and for how long? What are the challenges and opportunities in providing protection to crisis migrants? How might we formulate appropriate responses and sustainable solutions, and upon what factors should these depend? This book is divided into four parts, with an introductory section outlining the parameters of 'crisis migration', conceptualizing the term and evaluating its utility. This section also explores the legal, policy and institutional architecture upon which current responses are based. Section Two presents a diverse set of case studies, from the earthquake in Haiti and the widespread violence in Mexico, to the on-going exodus from Somalia and environmental degradation in Alaska and the Carteret Islands, among others. Section Three focuses on populations that may be at particular risk, including non-citizens, migrants at sea, those displaced to urban areas, and trapped populations. The concluding section maps the global governance of crisis migration and highlights gaps in current provisions for crisis-related movement across multiple levels"--
The crisis caravan : what's wrong with humanitarian aid?
Volunteer tales : experiences of working abroad
ECHO annual review
Textbook on First Aid and Emergency Nursing
