http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3993 peoples (population groups)
peoples (population groups)
Oirat people : cultural uniformity and diversification
The peoples of Siberia
This well illustrated introducory guide to the Mycenaeans, based on the latest research, traces their development and describes where the Mycenaeans came from, their major achievements, and assesses what we really know about their daily life and times. Much can be learned of their religion, political and social hierarchy, military and trading activities through the literary evidence contained in the Linear B tablets. Also surviving are striking painted pottery and other fascinating artefacts, architectural remains of fortress-palaces, and shrines and votive offerings. The book investigates its legendary links with the Trojan War and the various explanations for the eventual destruction of Mycenaean civilization and its decline into the Dark Ages.
Esto-Europa : a treatise on the Finno-Ugric Primary Civilization in Europe
Antecedents and development of Buddhist and Manichean Turkish art in Eastern Turkestan and Kansu
The Dublas of Gujarat
Cities in the sand
Elk, the fast footed : tThiro international moose symposium
Entering the chimeraland of Indo-European reconstruction
The Effects of Sustainable Tourism on the Pygmies of Cameroon
The secrets of the Tatar people
The Balts - the northern neighbours of the Slavs : [(Vth century B.C. to XIIIth - XIVth centuries)]
Who are the Macedonians?
What would Brexit mean for the financial markets?
Diaconia in context : transformation, reconciliation,  empowerment : an LWF contribution to the understanding and practice of diakonia
The xenophobe's guide to the English
Separated children & forbidden roots : removals of part-indigenous children as part of Australia's assimilation policy in the 1950s-1960s
International law under pressure : continued relevance in times of hardship
Baltischer biographischer Index = Baltic biographical index
The enchanted islands : a comparison of mythological traditions from Ireland and Iceland
Last battle of the icemark
China develops, growth slows
Phoenix : the posthumous papers of D. H. Lawrence. [1]
I wonder why countries fly flags : and other questions about people and places
Palestinian figurines in relation to certain goddesses known through literature
The story of Kullervo
White spots, black spots : difficult matters in Polish-Russian relations, 1918-2008
Re-thinking Sámi education
The Grasias, also called Dungri Grasias, a scheduled tribe in Bombay and Rajasthan states
Competing eyes : visual encounters with alterity in Central and Eastern Europe
Genes and languages in Europe : an analysis of mitochondrial lineages
Indigenous peoples' rights, minority group rights and international human rights law
Who is indigenous? : construction of 'indigenousness' in Russian legislation
Problems of Uralistics : contributions to the 7th International Congress of Finno-Ugrists, Debrecen, August 27 - September 2, 1990 : analytical reviews in two volumes. Vol. 2
Map of Finno-Ugric peoples = Karta finno-ugorskih narodov
Celtic fairy tales
Genocide in Rwanda : is it really Finland's concern?
The Old Norse poetic form stikki
The vanishing tribes of Burma
Rites of birth, marriage, death, and kindred occasions among the Semites
Behind the texts and notes and the edition : M. A. Castrén's lectures on mythology
Aspects of Padam-Minyong culture
Building a 'culture of dialogue' among stakeholders in North-West Russian oil extraction
The ancient Messenians : constructions of ethnicity and memory
Lectures on the religion of the Semites
Peoples of the world
The people atlas
The biomass of a secondary evergreen and deciduous broad-leaved mixed forest was comprehensively inventoried in a permanent 2 ha plot in southwestern China. Biomass models, sub-sampling, soil pit method, and published data were utilized to determine the biomass of all components. Results showed that the total biomass of the forest was 158.1 Mg ha−1; the total biomass included the major aboveground (137.7 Mg ha−1) and belowground (20.3 Mg ha−1) biomass components of vascular plants as well as the minor biomass components of bryophytes (0.078 Mg ha−1) and lichens (0.043 Mg ha−1). The necromass was 17.6 Mg ha−1 and included woody debris (9.0 Mg ha−1) and litter (8.6 Mg ha−1). The spatial pattern of the aboveground biomass was determined by the spatial distribution of dominant trees with large diameter, tall height, and dense wood. The belowground biomass differed in terms of root diameter and decreased with increasing soil depth. The belowground biomass in each soil pit in local habitats was not related to the spatial distribution of woody plants and soil pit depth. The karst forest presented lower biomass compared than the nonkarst forests in the subtropical zone. Biomass carbon in the karst terrains would increase substantially if degraded karst vegetation could be successfully restored to the forest. Comprehensive site-based biomass inventory of karst vegetation will contribute not only to provide data for benchmarking global and regional vegetation and carbon models but also for regional carbon inventory and vegetation restoration..
A dream of ice
People around the world
Oxford illustrated encyclopedia of peoples and cultures
The world until yesterday : what can we learn from traditional societies?
The enduring vision : a history of the American people
Religion, prestige and windows of opportunity? : (Qatari peace making and foreign policy engagement)
European Economics Letters
Attila the Hun : a barbarian king and the fall of Rome
Atlas of man
The edge of the world : how the North Sea made us who we are
Peoples of the New Testament world : an illustrated guide
A Kammu story-listener's tales
This article presents the results of the metrical analysis of Estonian regilaul. The results demonstrate that the meter of oral poetry is subject to variation and should not be treated as a static and petrified phenomenon. The choice of methodology for the analysis of meter in a metrically variable oral tradition is also discussed.
An inquiry into the ethnography of Afghanistan
The tribes and castes of Bengal. Vol. 1, Ethnographic glossary
Ashanti to Zulu : African traditions
Critical aspects on certain references toFinno-Ugric peoples in historical documents
Intercultural communication through hypermedia
Documents to the culture of objects of the Ugor tribes by the river Ob
The meanings of folk healing as narrated in Northern Karelia in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries / Ulla Piela
Inner Asia : history, civilization, languages : a syllabus
The book of festivals
Jewish folklore and ethnology review
The peoples of the Eastern Habsburg lands, 1526-1918
The hittites
The ethnology of the British colonies and dependencies
Latvian ethnic history
Environmental change and its implications for population migration
African myths together with proverbs : a supplementary reader composed of folk tales from various parts of Africa, adapted to the use of children in the public schools
World congress of the finno-ugric peoples Lahti, Finland June 15-17, 2016 : finno-ugric peoples towards sustainable development : speeches and documents
Conan : Shem : gateway to the south
Politician weblogs in Finland : members of Parliament as bloggers
Peoples of the world in colour
The Mycenaeans
Sons of Kargzant : the bloody saga of the Char-Un warlords of Erigia's savage steppe
Social networks : promoting Mexican popular cultures and building a participatory culture
Documentation for ancient Arabia. Pt. 1, Chronological framework & historical sources
At the roots of Finnish elementary education : how were children raised in the first Finnish elementary schools?
Kuningamäng ['King Game'] : an echo of a prehistoric ritual of power in Estonia
Commercial law and practice
Journal of ethnology and folkloristics
Developing personnel’s internationalization competences through staff mobility : Case Hyria
The vulnerable subject of liberal war
Knowledge for health and welfare : news from THL International Affairs Unit
How to revitalize an indigenous language? : adults' experiences of the revitalization of the Sámi language
The peoples of Canada : a post-confederation history
Performing the emancipation of indigeneity from the corporeal politics, through the indigenous agencies
Modern nationalities : a sociological study
Türk dünyasi kültür atlasi = A cultural atlas of the Turkish world. Part 2, volume 1 (2), Selçuklu dönemi = The Seljuk period
Peoples of the Soviet Union : traditions and customs
The peoples of Europe
HeroQuest : roleplaying in Glorantha
Internationalization Strategies for Multinational Companies (MNCs) : In the case of KWH Mirka Oy to Ethiopia
The ancient Arabs : nomads on the borders of the fertile crescent 9th-5th centuries B. C.
Alaska native culture and history
The Ancient history of the Korea-Dong-I race : The Korea-Dong-I race: creator of East Asian culture
The peoples of the Soviet Far East
The Nivkh people of Sakhalin and their music : my Nivkh journey
Asian peoples and their cultures : continuity and change
Coping with international atrocities through criminal law : a study into the typical features of international criminality and the reflection of these traits in international criminal law
Richard Scarry's busy, busy world
The Pre- and Protohistoric Finns both Eastern and Western, with the Magic Songs of the West Finns. Vol. 1
Globalization involves a profound re-ordering of our world with the proliferation everywhere of rules and transnational modes of governance. This book examines how this governance is formed, changes and stabilizes. Building on a rich and varied set of empirical cases, it explores transnational rules and regulations and the organizing, discursive and monitoring activities that frame, sustain and reproduce them. Beginning from an understanding of the powerful structuring forces that embed and form the context of transnational regulatory activities, the book scrutinizes the actors involved, how they are organized, how they interact and how they transform themselves to adapt to this new regulatory landscape. A powerful analysis of the modes and logics of transnational rule-making and rule-monitoring closes the book. This authoritative resource offers ideal reading for all academic researchers and graduate students of governance and regulation.
Ozark magic and folklore
The history of Ashanti Kings and the whole country itself and other writings
Permskij zverinyj stil' kak čast' totemičeskoj social'no-ideologičeskoj sistemy : ego stadial'nyj harakter = The animal style as one of the components of social-ideological system and a stage in the development of fine arts
On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom will hold a referendum on whether to remain in or leave the European Union. Opinion polls suggest the outcome of the vote is uncertain. Given that no country has yet left the EU, there are no experiences of the consequences of exit to draw on. The economic implications will largely depend on the arrangements for economic relations between the EU and the UK. However, the risk of the UK leaving the EU has already pushed down the exchange rate of the pound. The status of the City of London as an international financial centre would probably weaken, and some financial actors might relocate to the euro area..
Islamic peoples of the Soviet Union (with an appendix on the non-Muslim Turkic peoples of the Soviet Union) : an historical and statistical handbook
Voices of the rainforest
Semitic magic : its origins and development
The draft Nordic Saami Convention : nations working together
Türk dünyasi kültür atlasi = A cultural atlas of the Turkish world. Part 2, volume 1 (1), Selçuklu dönemi = The Seljuk period
Folkloristics / ethnology (þjóðfræði) in Iceland
As projected in earlier forecasts, Chinese economic growth continues to slow. 2015 GDP growth overall should average around 7 % p.a., and then the growth is expected to fall to around 6 % p.a. in 2016 and 2017. China faces the challenge of creating new engines of growth and managing its existing problems. This calls for determined reforms that inevitably will also bring about various kind of disturbances in the economy. Given decelerating growth and rising indebtedness, the risk that the Chinese economy underperforms this forecast is rising..
The religion of the Semites : the fundamental institutions
The Germanic realms in pre-Carolingian Central Europe, 400-750
Operation world
Transnational governance : institutional dynamics of regulation
The triple package : what really determines success
The museum of oriental art, Moscow
Gross Domestic Product as a Modern-day Economic Indicator
We are one : a celebration of tribal peoples
A people's history of the United States : 1492-present
The Balkans : from the end of Byzantium to the present day
Biomass of karst evergreen and deciduous broad-leaved mixed forest in central Guizhou province, southwestern China: a comprehensive inventory of a 2 ha plot
Northern science for northern society : building economic self-reliance
The cry of the icemark
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
South-East Asia : race, culture, and nation
The knowledge of life : the origins and early history of the Mandaeans and their relation to the Sabians of the Qur'ān and Harranians
Public health nutrition
Tai lands and Thailand : community and state in Southeast Asia
Sensitivity in indigenous identity research
A brief history of the human race
The tribes of Madhya Pradesh
Images of the Other in ethnic caricatures of Central and Eastern Europe
Design and wicked problems in the rural Arctic
Franks and Alamanni in the Merovingian period : an ethnographic perspective
How to make the small indigenous cultures bloom? : special traits of Sámi education in Finland
Encyclopedia of European peoples
Childcraft. 13, Exploring the past
The Usborne book of peoples of the world : internet-linked
Symbols of defeat in the construction of national identity
Vanished civilizations forgotten peoples of the ancient world
Ancient Indo-Europeans
Early in the archaic period of Greek history, Messenia was annexed and partially settled by its powerful neighbor, Sparta. Achieving independence in the fourth century BC, the inhabitants of Messenia set about trying to forge an identity for themselves separate from their previous identity as Spartan subjects, refunctionalizing or simply erasing their Spartan heritage. Luraghi provides a through examination of the history of Messenian identity and consequently addresses a range of questions and issues whose interest and importance have only been widely recognized by ancient historians during the last decade. By a detailed scrutiny of the ancient written sources and the archaeological evidence, the book reconstructs how the Messenians perceived and constructed their own ethnicity at different points in time, by applying to Messenian ethnicity insights developed by anthropologists and early medieval historians.
Quarterly sector accounts
Balance of payments and international investment position
This paper evaluates the limited evidence of a particular Old Norse poetic form called stikki, identified, or potentially identified, in only five sources. These sources are critically reviewed in order to  assess what, if any, generalisations can be made about stikki poetry.
The blue sky : a novel
Imperial lunar handbook. Volume 1 : the Lunar empire
Despite increased economic and market uncertainty, China's GDP statistics still point to almost 7% growth, which is in line with official growth targets. According to the statistics, the deceleration of growth has been very smooth. This has once again raised suspicions over the reliability of Chinese GDP data. However, although there is much room for improvement in the coverage and transparency of the Chinese statistics, recent studies do not generally find evidence of significant or systematic falsification of GDP figures..
The genealogy of the Finns : the Finno-Ugrian peoples
Problems of Uralistics : contributions to the 7th International Congress of Finno-Ugrists, Debrecen, August 27 - September 2, 1990 : analytical reviews in two volumes. Vol. 1
Multi-ethnicity in India : the Adivasi peasants of Chota Nagpur and Santal Parganas
Finnish folklore atlas
Neighbouring an unpredictable Russia : implications for Finland
Don't sleep, there are snakes : life and language in the Amazonian jungle
From Caesar to the Mafia : persons, places, and problems in Italian life
Hunting by indigenous peoples of charismatic mega-fauna : does human rights approach challenge the way hunting by indigenous peoples is regulated?
A survey of present-day Turkic peoples
Indigenous responses to neocolonialist policies : “stop the political games!”
(un)Fashion
Gáldu čála : journal of indigenous peoples rights
Revival, invention or re-invention of traditions? The Mari diaspora
Germanic art during the first millenium A. D.
Deficiencies of official bilingualism in the Finno-Ugric republics of Post-Soviet Russia : a legal perspective
A young Tuvan shepherd witnesses the deterioration of his Mongolian culture as it collides with the modern world, from his older siblings' departure for boarding school, to the death of his beloved grandmother, to the poisoning of his faithful dog.
"With one's ass ahead up into a tree" : the bipolar semantic field of folk religion
Historia Fenno-ugrica. I:1 : Congressus primus historiae Fenno-ugricae / edendum curaverunt: Kyösti Julku ... [et al.] ; [editor: Kyösti Julku]
Substrata Uralica : studies on Finno-Ugrian substrate in Northern Russian dialects
Resistance during the armed conflict in the Chocó, Colombia : a case study on the development of territorial and cultural resistance of the indigenous communities since the 1980s
Ètničeskie problemy istorii Central'noj Azii v drevnosti (II tysâčeletie do n. è.) = Ethnic problems of the history of Central Asia in the Early Period (second millennium B. C.)
Totem and taboo : some points of agreement between the mentalö lives of savages and neurotics
Adapt or die? : indigenous peoples – from the civilising mission to the need of adaptation
National museums making history in a diverse Europe
Boundaries and Agency in Climate Uncertainty : Encountering Traditional Knowledge at the Edges of Science
"This is the first book to camparatively examine nations that emphasize images of their own defeat in their mythology and sense of history. Cases include Serbia, Israel, France, Greece and Ghana. Through exploring this phenomenon, it offers new insights into current theories in the study of nations and nationalism, incorporating approaches from diverse disciplines such as sociology, antropology and the psychology of religion"--
Transcending boundaries : library co-operation in Barents Euro-Arctic region benefits all participating countries
The Benin kingdom and the Edo-speaking peoples of South-Western Nigeria
The encyclopedia of the peoples of the world
The girl with seven names : a North Korean defector's story
Congressus octavus internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum 10.-15.8.1995, Jyväskylä, Finland. Participes
Reconciliation in Rwanda : perspectives from the parliament
Ethnic by design
The Nilotes of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and Uganda
Are Chinese GDP statistics reliable?
Asian ethnicity
Finno-Ugric folk art
Under the wolf's nest : a Turkic rhapsody
The healthful art of dancing
Optimal management on uneven-aged Scots pine stands in Finland
Nâyars of Malabar
At the crossroads of autonomy and essentialism : indigenous peoples in international environmental politics
Kostûm narodov Rossii v grafike 18-20 vekov : iz fondov Gosudarstvennoj central'noj teatral'noj biblioteki = Folk costumes of the peoples of Russia in graphic arts of the 18th - 20th centuries = Costumes des peuples de Russie dans l'art graphique des 18e - 20e siècles = Volkstrachten Russlands auf Stichen aus dem 18.-20. Jahrhundert
The Russian empire 1801-1917
Uralic original home : history of studies : a preliminary review
Central Asia and non-Chinese peoples of ancient China
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
Soviet but not Russian : the "other" peoples of the Soviet Union
Origin and area of settlement of the Fenno-Ugrian peoples
Whose land is Lapland? : the nellim case : a study of the divergent claims of forestry, reindeer herding and indigenous rights in Northern Finland
The Scottish world : a journey into the Scottish diaspora
A short history of the Yugoslav peoples
State building and conflict resolution in the Caucasus
How do the Sami culture and school culture converge - or do they?
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 1
Governing indigeneity globally : indigenous peoples in the United Nations
The image of Russia in the Balkans
An introduction to the history of the Turcic peoples : ethnogenesis and state-formation in medieval and early modern Eurasia and the Middle East
Blade of fire
Languages and peoples of the USSR
Türk dünyası kültür atlası = A cultural atlas of the Turkish world. [1], Islam öncesi dönem = The pre-Islamic period
Nation, state, and territory : origins, evolution, and relationships. Vol. 1
Congressus nonus internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum, Tartu 7.-13.8.2000.. Pars 1, Orationes plenariae & Orationes publicae
Finland in the United Nations : consistent and credible constructivism
Asian borderlands : the transformation of Qing China's Yunnan frontier
The Turkic peoples : selected Russian entries from the Great Soviet encyclopedia with an index in English
Conan : Aquilonia : flower of the west
Peoples of South-West Ethiopia and its borderland
Adapation of a French brand to the Chinese market  : Case study: Sephora
Indigenous peoples and the extractive sector : towards a rights-respecting engagement
International trade comparison  : EU - USA and the effect on case company’s trade
Protecting the rights of indigenous peoples : promoting the sustainability of the global environment?
Conan : Argos and Zingara
Finno-Ugric ethnicities in Russia : yesterday, today, and tomorrow
Regional variation in folkloric meter : the case of Estonian runosong
Gunnar Landtman in Papua : 1910 to 1912
Katanga Evenkis in the 20th century and the ordering of their life-world
Observing the transformation of China's first marriage pattern through net nuptiality tables : 1982-2010
This paper presents an analysis of 56 variants of European and North American examples of the so-called Polyphemus tale (international tale type ATU 1137) using phylogenetic software according to  190 traits. Discussion addresses a number of points of comparative methodology while considering the historical implications of a relationship between different versions of this tale type recorded in diverse cultures.
The Aryans : a study of Indo-European origins
THL international news
The Finno-Ugric world : statistical handbook
Ancestors of two-spirits: representations of native American third-gender males in historical documentation : a critical discourse analysis in anthropology
On the distribution of Turk tribes in Afghanistan
Polyphemus : a palaeolithic tale?
In the footsteps of the bear : arctic primitivism in the European mind
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
The Galla of Ethiopia : the kingdoms of Kafa and Janjero
Peoples and cultures of the Middle East : an anthropological reader. Vol. 1, Cultural depth and diversity
Mythic discourses : studies in Uralic traditions
The tribes and castes of Bengal. Vol. 2, Ethnographic glossary
The native American warrior 1500-1890
Strategies of distinction : the construction of ethnic communities, 300-800
Who is indigenous? : definitions of indigeneity
Stars between the sun and moon : one woman's life in North Korea and escape to freedom
In or out? : international community membership: beliefs, behaviour, contextuality and principles
Eblaite personal names and Semitic name-giving : papers of a Symposium held in Rome July 15-17, 1985
HeroQuest : Glorantha
Negotiation
The Northern Nilo-Hamites
Reclaiming culture : indigenous people and self-representation
The Afghans
Latin sources on North-eastern Eurasia. Part 2
Flags of the world : an illustrated guide to contemporary flags
