http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3991 administrative sciences
administrative sciences
Political economy of Finnish public administration
Academic core collection (HeinOnline)
Research methods for public administrators
Handbook of globalization, governance, and public administration
The International journal of human resource management
Economics of fisheries : an introduction
Annotated bibliography of select government publications on Australian territories 1951-1964
Scientific governance : problems and prospects
Kunnallishallinnon sanasto : suomi-englanti-suomi = Local government vocabulary : Finnish-English-Finnish
Caring approach in nursing administration
American journal of mathematical and management sciences
The university teaching of social sciences. Public administration : a report
Greenfield on educational administration : towards a humane science
Public management : critical perspectives. Vol. 1, The foundations of contemporary ; Public management
Sage public administration abstracts
An introduction to Swedish law
Theories of public organization
New perspectives on organizational effectiveness
Qualitative methodology
Research methods in public administration and public management : an introduction
Public management : critical perspectives. Vol. 2, The plural state
Doing research in organizations
Facts about Slovenia
Implementation and efficiency of education in law and administration arranged by Oulu University of Applied Sciences, Finland
Governance in modern society : effects, change and formation of government institutions
Statistical decomposition analysis : with application in the social and administrative sciences. Henri Theil
The birth of biopolitics : lectures at the Collège de France, 1978-1979
Administrative science quarterly
Handbook of research methods in public administration
Comparative government and politics
The general competence of the municipality
Le système du mérite / The merit system / study group: History of Public Administration ; edited by Sabiono Cassese, Jill Pellew
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
Public policy analysis : an introduction
An introduction to comparative administrative law
Public management : critical perspectives. Vol. 5, Policy making, ethics and accountability in public management
Statutes and regulations
Controlling modern government : variety, commonality and change
The new public management : improving research and policy dialogue
Research methodology : for the business and administrative sciences
HRM practices and firm performance : evidence from Finnish manufacturing
Governance and intergovernmental relations in the European union and the United States : theoretical perspectives
The university teaching of social sciences : public administration
What works : a new approach to program and policy analysis
The public policy dictionary
Trends and megatrends in the theory of management
Aesthetics of the police station in theree countries : an exercise in using fictive material in creating aesthetic profiles
Organization of scientific research in Finland
Managing the modern herbarium : an inter-disciplinary approach
An integrated approach to business studies : lecturer`s guide
A history of management thought
The Oxford handbook of governance
Questioning the new public management
A socially critical view of the self-managing school
German versus Nordic board models : form, function and convergence
The administrative state : a study of the political theory of American public administration
Synergy in regional development
Governance : a very short introduction
The group principle and the constructive conflict doctrine in Mary Parker Follett's theory : reflections to the idea of the learning organization
Metamorphosis of the administrative welfare state : from depoliticisation to political rationality
National atlas of India. 1, [General & political maps]
The idea brokers : think tanks and the rise of the new policy elite
The state we're in
The Sage handbook of governance
Five days at Memorial : life and death in a storm-ravaged hospital
Handbook of research in education finance and policy
Perspectives on administration
Administrative and financial terms
Administration of development initiatives by non-governmental organisations : a study of their sustainability in Bangladesh and Nepal
Aesthetic tension between politics and government
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 13, Chapter 4, Business and private organizations : Management and control of marketable share companies
Introducing public administration
Knowing educational administration : contemporary methodological controversies in educational administration research
Higher education and research administration in Finland
On Max Weber's comparative methodology
New partnerships for innovation in microfinance
International review of administrative sciences
Handbook of organization theory and management : the philosophical approach
"For the past three thousand years people have been thinking about the problems of management. This book shows how thinking about management has evolved and changed. It shows how changing social, political and technological forces have challenged people to think about management in new ways, and how management thinkers have responded. Sometimes their responses missed the mark and occasionally, great ideas about management failed to be picked up and were lost along the way. Sometimes, truly original and creative, even world-changing ideas appeared. Following key currents in management thought from the origins of civilisation to the present day, the book begins in the ancient world, when people were wrestling with the problems of organization and leadership. It continues through the Middle Ages, east and west, as people pondered on how to manage risk and think strategically, and on the role of business in society. It shows how the Industrial Revolution led to the emergence of scientific management, and how political and social events of the twentieth century shaped management thinking right up to the present day. From the pyramids to Facebook, from military strategy to managing for sustainability, A History of Management Thought tells the fascinating story of how management thinking has changed, shifted, evolved and developed down through the centuries. Students taking classes in the history of management thought will find this text to be the perfect accompaniment to their studies and will be a captivating read for anyone else"--Provided by publisher.
Devolution : the end of Britain?
Comparative public administration and policy
Information-finding and the research process : a guide to sources and methods for public administration and the policy sciences
Organizing political institutions : essays for Johan P. Olsen
Governing networks : egpa yearbook
Public management : critical perspectives. Vol. 3, Reforming public management
Exploitation conservation preservation : a geographic perspective on natural resource use
The principles of scientific management
Restoring corporate governance to lawyers : an attempt at corporate normative jurisprudence as an alternative to the reign of law and economics
Writing for dollars, writing to please : the case for plain language in business, government, and law
Research and evaluation for educational development : learning from the PRISM experience in Kenya
Management in service industries
A human vision with higher education perspective : institutional evaluation of the Humanistic Polytechnic
Public management : critical perspectives. Vol. 4, Expanding the scope of public management
