http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3992 people (phenomena)
people (phenomena)
Popular culture in the ancient world
The Effects of Sustainable Tourism on the Pygmies of Cameroon
"Movements like the Arab Spring, Occupy Wall Street, and the Tea Party embody some of our deepest intuitions about popular politics and 'the power of the people'. They also expose tensions and shortcomings in our understanding of these ideals. We typically see 'the people' as having a special, sovereign power. Despite the centrality of this idea in our thinking, we have little understanding of why it has such importance. Imagined Sovereignties probes the considerable force that 'the people' exercises on our thought and practice. Like the imagined communities described by Benedict Anderson, popular politics is formed around shared, imaginary constructs rooted in our collective imagination. This book investigates these 'imagined sovereignties' in a genealogy traversing the French Enlightenment, the Haitian Revolution, and nineteenth-century Haitian constitutionalism. It problematizes taken-for-granted ideas about popular politics and provokes new ways of imagining the power of the people"--
Populism and the mirror of democracy
What would Brexit mean for the financial markets?
The People of God in the Apocalypse : discourse, structure, and exegesis
Diaconia in context : transformation, reconciliation,  empowerment : an LWF contribution to the understanding and practice of diakonia
Separated children & forbidden roots : removals of part-indigenous children as part of Australia's assimilation policy in the 1950s-1960s
International law under pressure : continued relevance in times of hardship
Change of paradigms? : comments on the crisis of ethnicity
China develops, growth slows
Are the Padanians a nation? : Lega Nord and nationalism in Italy
Making majorities : constituting the nation in Japan, Korea, China, Malaysia, Fiji, Turkey, and the United States
The invention of the Jewish people
Earth Summit +5 : special session of the General Assembly to review and appraise the implementation of Agenda 21, New York, 23-27 June 1997
The future of English? : a guide to forecasting the popularity of the English language in the 21st century
Culture's consequences : comparing values, behaviors, institutions and organizations across nations
International Business Management : A Master`s Degree Revised
White spots, black spots : difficult matters in Polish-Russian relations, 1918-2008
Re-thinking Sámi education
Indigenous peoples' rights, minority group rights and international human rights law
Humble theory : folklore's grasp on social life
Asian highlands perspectives. 1
Who is indigenous? : construction of 'indigenousness' in Russian legislation
Global democracy and exclusion
Celtic fairy tales
Genocide in Rwanda : is it really Finland's concern?
The role of the media in politics : case: Timo Soini in the media during the parliamentary elections of 2011
The Old Norse poetic form stikki
Building a 'culture of dialogue' among stakeholders in North-West Russian oil extraction
Common lands, common people : the origins of conservation in northern New England
The cultural foundations of nations : hierarchy, covenant, and republic
Boosting manufacturing firms' exports? : the role of trade facilitation in Africa
Writing the nation : a global perspective
The biomass of a secondary evergreen and deciduous broad-leaved mixed forest was comprehensively inventoried in a permanent 2 ha plot in southwestern China. Biomass models, sub-sampling, soil pit method, and published data were utilized to determine the biomass of all components. Results showed that the total biomass of the forest was 158.1 Mg ha−1; the total biomass included the major aboveground (137.7 Mg ha−1) and belowground (20.3 Mg ha−1) biomass components of vascular plants as well as the minor biomass components of bryophytes (0.078 Mg ha−1) and lichens (0.043 Mg ha−1). The necromass was 17.6 Mg ha−1 and included woody debris (9.0 Mg ha−1) and litter (8.6 Mg ha−1). The spatial pattern of the aboveground biomass was determined by the spatial distribution of dominant trees with large diameter, tall height, and dense wood. The belowground biomass differed in terms of root diameter and decreased with increasing soil depth. The belowground biomass in each soil pit in local habitats was not related to the spatial distribution of woody plants and soil pit depth. The karst forest presented lower biomass compared than the nonkarst forests in the subtropical zone. Biomass carbon in the karst terrains would increase substantially if degraded karst vegetation could be successfully restored to the forest. Comprehensive site-based biomass inventory of karst vegetation will contribute not only to provide data for benchmarking global and regional vegetation and carbon models but also for regional carbon inventory and vegetation restoration..
The Second Edition of this classic work, first published in 1981 and an international bestseller, explores the differences in thinking and social action that exist among members of more than 50 modern nations. Geert Hofstede argues that people carry "mental programs" which are developed in the family in early childhood and reinforced in schools and organizations, and that these programs contain components of national culture. They are expressed most clearly in the different values that predominate among people from different countries. Geert Hofstede has completely rewritten, revised and updated Cultures Consequences for the twenty-first century, he has broadened the book's cross-disciplinary appeal, expanded the coverage of countries examined from 40 to more than 50, reformulated his arguments and a large amount of new literature has been included. The book is structured around five major dimensions: power distance; uncertainty avoidance; individualism versus collectivism; masculinity versus femininity; and long term versus short-term orientation. --Publisher.
International business and information technology : interaction and transformation in the global economy
The people
Old Testament theology. Volume 1
Religion, prestige and windows of opportunity? : (Qatari peace making and foreign policy engagement)
Constructions of race, place and nation
European Economics Letters
Diasporic Africa : a reader / edited by Michael A. Gomez
This article presents the results of the metrical analysis of Estonian regilaul. The results demonstrate that the meter of oral poetry is subject to variation and should not be treated as a static and petrified phenomenon. The choice of methodology for the analysis of meter in a metrically variable oral tradition is also discussed.
Intercultural communication through hypermedia
The meanings of folk healing as narrated in Northern Karelia in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries / Ulla Piela
Jewish folklore and ethnology review
Where is the wealth of nations? : measuring capital for the 21st century
Self-determination and national minorities
In the bag!
Politician weblogs in Finland : members of Parliament as bloggers
The Kansa Indians : a history of the Wind People, 1673-1873
Ethnography essentials : designing, conducting, and presenting your research
Popular fiction and social change
The Kalevala, suku, kansa, and the Finnish nation
"Nation" and "state" in Europe : anthropological perspectives
At the roots of Finnish elementary education : how were children raised in the first Finnish elementary schools?
Kuningamäng ['King Game'] : an echo of a prehistoric ritual of power in Estonia
Social networks : promoting Mexican popular cultures and building a participatory culture
Nation formation : towards a theory of abstract community
Commercial law and practice
Russification in Estonia and Finland before 1917
Beyond the Singapore girl : discourses of gender and nation in Singapore
Subjects of international law with special reference to the subjects of international law of outer space
The land and the people : the Republic of China
Self-determination of peoples and plural-ethnic states in contemporary international law : failed states, nation-building and the alternative, federal option
Journal of ethnology and folkloristics
How to revitalize an indigenous language? : adults' experiences of the revitalization of the Sámi language
Does immigration challenge the Finnish nation?
The vulnerable subject of liberal war
The people of Great Russia : a psychological study
Developing personnel’s internationalization competences through staff mobility : Case Hyria
Performing the emancipation of indigeneity from the corporeal politics, through the indigenous agencies
Sovereignty and the stateless nation : Gibraltar in the modern legal context
Norden - making a difference? : possibilities for enhanced Nordic cooperation in international affairs : the Norden 2020 project report
Internationalization Strategies for Multinational Companies (MNCs) : In the case of KWH Mirka Oy to Ethiopia
Karelia revisited
The face of the crowd : studies in revolution, ideology and popular protest : selected essays of George Rudé
Culture shock! Borneo : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
The Nivkh people of Sakhalin and their music : my Nivkh journey
Property rights and environmental problems
Coping with international atrocities through criminal law : a study into the typical features of international criminality and the reflection of these traits in international criminal law
Globalization involves a profound re-ordering of our world with the proliferation everywhere of rules and transnational modes of governance. This book examines how this governance is formed, changes and stabilizes. Building on a rich and varied set of empirical cases, it explores transnational rules and regulations and the organizing, discursive and monitoring activities that frame, sustain and reproduce them. Beginning from an understanding of the powerful structuring forces that embed and form the context of transnational regulatory activities, the book scrutinizes the actors involved, how they are organized, how they interact and how they transform themselves to adapt to this new regulatory landscape. A powerful analysis of the modes and logics of transnational rule-making and rule-monitoring closes the book. This authoritative resource offers ideal reading for all academic researchers and graduate students of governance and regulation.
On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom will hold a referendum on whether to remain in or leave the European Union. Opinion polls suggest the outcome of the vote is uncertain. Given that no country has yet left the EU, there are no experiences of the consequences of exit to draw on. The economic implications will largely depend on the arrangements for economic relations between the EU and the UK. However, the risk of the UK leaving the EU has already pushed down the exchange rate of the pound. The status of the City of London as an international financial centre would probably weaken, and some financial actors might relocate to the euro area..
Applied folk linguistics
CultureShock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette: India
Nation of devils : democratic leadership and the problem of obedience
Reindeer-herding on the Kola Peninsula
The draft Nordic Saami Convention : nations working together
Folkloristics / ethnology (þjóðfræði) in Iceland
As projected in earlier forecasts, Chinese economic growth continues to slow. 2015 GDP growth overall should average around 7 % p.a., and then the growth is expected to fall to around 6 % p.a. in 2016 and 2017. China faces the challenge of creating new engines of growth and managing its existing problems. This calls for determined reforms that inevitably will also bring about various kind of disturbances in the economy. Given decelerating growth and rising indebtedness, the risk that the Chinese economy underperforms this forecast is rising..
People of God
Transnational governance : institutional dynamics of regulation
English abstract.
"This book studies everyday writing practices among ordinary people in a poor rural society in the 19th and early 20th centuries. Using the abundance of handwritten material produced, disseminated and consumed some centuries after the advent of print as its research material, the book's focus is on its day-to-day usage and on 'minor knowledge,' i.e., text matter originating and rooted primarily in the everyday life of the peasantry"--Provided by publisher.
A journey through India
Gross Domestic Product as a Modern-day Economic Indicator
Europe's Northern frontier : perspectives on Finland's Western identity
Contemporary America
Biomass of karst evergreen and deciduous broad-leaved mixed forest in central Guizhou province, southwestern China: a comprehensive inventory of a 2 ha plot
The recalcitrant nation of Seven Brothers
100 years of American folklore studies : a conceptual history
Heinrich Bullinger and the covenant : the other reformed tradition
The rise of Finnish-language popular literacy viewed through correspondence to newspapers 1856-70
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
The Kansa Indians : a history of the wind people, 1673-1873
Reading and writing from below : exploring the margins of modernity
Sensitivity in indigenous identity research
Public health nutrition
Nation, state, and territory : a political geography
Minor knowledge and microhistory : manuscript culture in the nineteenth century
The crowd in Rome in the late Republic
The idea of the people : the right of self-determination, nationalism and the legitimacy of international law
How to make the small indigenous cultures bloom? : special traits of Sámi education in Finland
Finding a new kind of Savo
Design and wicked problems in the rural Arctic
The voice of the people : writing the European folk revival, 1760-1914
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customes and etiquette: Berlin
Despite increased economic and market uncertainty, China's GDP statistics still point to almost 7% growth, which is in line with official growth targets. According to the statistics, the deceleration of growth has been very smooth. This has once again raised suspicions over the reliability of Chinese GDP data. However, although there is much room for improvement in the coverage and transparency of the Chinese statistics, recent studies do not generally find evidence of significant or systematic falsification of GDP figures..
Quarterly sector accounts
Coming of age : German foreign policy since 1945
Balance of payments and international investment position
Old Testament theology. Volume 2
This paper evaluates the limited evidence of a particular Old Norse poetic form called stikki, identified, or potentially identified, in only five sources. These sources are critically reviewed in order to  assess what, if any, generalisations can be made about stikki poetry.
State and identity
Finnish folklore atlas
Neighbouring an unpredictable Russia : implications for Finland
Don't sleep, there are snakes : life and language in the Amazonian jungle
Hunting by indigenous peoples of charismatic mega-fauna : does human rights approach challenge the way hunting by indigenous peoples is regulated?
Indigenous responses to neocolonialist policies : “stop the political games!”
Folklore unbound : a concise introduction
China : an introduction to the culture and people
National confidence in the judiciary
Gáldu čála : journal of indigenous peoples rights
On national self-determination : some problems of Walzer's definition of nation
Moral economy and popular protest : crowds, coflict and authority
nature and nation : vaster than empires
Imagined sovereignties : the power of the people and other myths of the modern age
Resistance during the armed conflict in the Chocó, Colombia : a case study on the development of territorial and cultural resistance of the indigenous communities since the 1980s
Adapt or die? : indigenous peoples – from the civilising mission to the need of adaptation
Boundaries and Agency in Climate Uncertainty : Encountering Traditional Knowledge at the Edges of Science
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customes and etiquette: Morocco
Transcending boundaries : library co-operation in Barents Euro-Arctic region benefits all participating countries
Artisans and sans-culottes : popular movements in France and Britain during the French Revolution
The girl with seven names : a North Korean defector's story
State identities and the homogenisation of peoples
Reconciliation in Rwanda : perspectives from the parliament
The Tibetans
Are Chinese GDP statistics reliable?
Nations within nations : nationalism and identity politics
The healthful art of dancing
Optimal management on uneven-aged Scots pine stands in Finland
At the crossroads of autonomy and essentialism : indigenous peoples in international environmental politics
Jamaica : a guide to the people, politics and culture
An early virtual community resists secularization : Wolmar Schildt-Kilpinen's Kansan Lehti 1868-1870
Media geographies : regional newspaper discourses in Finland in the 1990s
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
Rudolf Erich Raspe and the Anglo-Hanoverian enlightenment
Whose land is Lapland? : the nellim case : a study of the divergent claims of forestry, reindeer herding and indigenous rights in Northern Finland
Childhood and nation : interdisciplinary engagements
How do the Sami culture and school culture converge - or do they?
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 1
Governing indigeneity globally : indigenous peoples in the United Nations
The image of Russia in the Balkans
Grapevine and rose : Muslim oral ballads from Bosnia-Herzegovina
Trade and the known world : Finnish priests' and laymen's networks in the late medieval Baltic Sea region
Destiny or choice? : a study on the concept of nation
Finland in the United Nations : consistent and credible constructivism
Introduction : Nation, state and identity in Finland
Chariot racing in the Roman Empire
A chrestomathy of Vulgar Latin
Political ecology of environmental conservation and regional development in the Sierra Nevada De Santa Marta
Indigenous peoples and the extractive sector : towards a rights-respecting engagement
Adapation of a French brand to the Chinese market  : Case study: Sephora
International trade comparison  : EU - USA and the effect on case company’s trade
Protecting the rights of indigenous peoples : promoting the sustainability of the global environment?
Regional variation in folkloric meter : the case of Estonian runosong
Gunnar Landtman in Papua : 1910 to 1912
Observing the transformation of China's first marriage pattern through net nuptiality tables : 1982-2010
Savage harvest : a tale of cannibals, colonialism, and Michael Rockefeller's tragic quest for primitive art
This paper presents an analysis of 56 variants of European and North American examples of the so-called Polyphemus tale (international tale type ATU 1137) using phylogenetic software according to  190 traits. Discussion addresses a number of points of comparative methodology while considering the historical implications of a relationship between different versions of this tale type recorded in diverse cultures.
Retracing the steps of Michael C. Rockefeller, who went missing in 1961 during an expedition to New Guinea, an avid traveler immerses himself in the world of former headhunters and cannibals to uncover the truth behind Rockefeller's disappearance
On the study of "folk" as a category : the popular in popular enlightenment
THL international news
Ancestors of two-spirits: representations of native American third-gender males in historical documentation : a critical discourse analysis in anthropology
Views of the Inuvialuit on sustainable development in the Mackenzie Gas Project in the Inuvialuit Settlement Region, Northwest Territories, Canada
Polyphemus : a palaeolithic tale?
Mythic discourses : studies in Uralic traditions
The faith of the outsider : exclusion and inclusion in the biblical story
Who is indigenous? : definitions of indigeneity
Stars between the sun and moon : one woman's life in North Korea and escape to freedom
In or out? : international community membership: beliefs, behaviour, contextuality and principles
Statings : made in Namibia : postkoloniale photografie : [Bethanien Berlin, März = March - April 2009] / editor: Evelyn Annuss
Negotiation
This volume explores the manifold relations between nation and childhood. Millei and Imre bring together an interdisciplinary group of scholars to address pressing questions about the regulation of childhood through national agendas, ideals of childhood and their role in national projects, and accounts of children's life as national subjects.
Motives for writing and attitudes regarding writing ability among rural commoners in Finland 1840-1900
We know what it is when you do not ask us: the unchallengeable nation
The domestication of the savage mind
Neamet Ullah's History of the Afghans
Knowledge for health and welfare : news from THL International Affairs Unit
Communitarianism and its critics
