http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p399 productions (cultural objects)
productions (cultural objects)
Modern drama and the rhetoric of theater
Gentle bridges : architecture, art and science : Heikkinen - Komonen, George Steinmann, Max Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics, Dresden = Zwischen den Räumen: Architektur, Kunst und Wissenschaft
Practice-as-research in performance and screen
Nigerian local government system : problems of service delivery
Shakespeare, the theatrical dimension
Swanhunter : communicating the Kalevala and constructing the "idea of North" for a young audience
Antigone on the contemporary world stage
Hand-held visions : the impossible possibilities of community media
Project management : a professional approach to events
The Wooster Group work book
Working with Shakespeare
Installation of a production scheduling unit for an FMS
Theatre profiles : the illustrated reference guide to America's nonprofit professional theatre. 12
Travelling broadens our mind
The death of the actor : Shakespeare on page and stage
Proven portals : best practices for planning, designing, and developing enterprise portals
Being in between : an ethnographic study of opera and dialogical identity construction
Students of 1647 meet Finland : contextuality as a key to a better understanding of Surge!
The impresario's ten commandments : continental recruitment for Italian opera in London, 1763-64
A Niebelung gyürüje : the Ring of the Nibelung at the Budapest State Opera on the 3rd - 8rd of January 1999 : Jopi Harri ; transl. Uolevi Karrakoski
Minimalism on the other side of the world
Tempests after Shakespeare
Shakespeare in production : whose history?
Production functions and aggregation
The changes in WellPrint Oy's core competencies in marketing and production during a ten-year period : a study
Letters to George : the account of a rehearsal
Opera on screen
Developing the sourcing function : towards global sourcing
Knowledge-based decision support systems for production optimization and quality improvement in the electronics industry
The illuminated theatre : studies on the suffering of images
The EDCF guide to digital cinema production
Basic laboratory exercises for field, audio, and TV studio production
Technical Management for the Performing Arts: Utilizing Time, Talent, and Money is a comprehensive guide to the tools and strategies of a successful technical manager. This book demonstrates how you can coordinate personnel, raw materials, and venues, all while keeping a production on a tight schedule and within budget. From concept to realization, through nightly performances, Technical Management for the Performing Arts focuses on the technical and organization skills a technical manager must demonstrate, and emphasizes the need for creativity and interpersonal management of a team.
The utilization of workforce potential in the Finnish sheet metal industry
The insider's guide to independent film distribution
Ballet across borders : career and culture in the world of dancers
The house of dreams
The rise of opera
Augmenting theatre : engaging with the content of performances and installations on intermedial stages
Are co-productions opera companies' essential surviving techniques combating their increasing income-gap problem ?
Savonlinna opera festival July - August 1997.
Project management is characterised by systematic and integral control of the development process, from creative idea to concrete product. This book concentrates on the management of event projects. Events such as festivals, exhibitions, conferences, arts productions, sports events and company events draw a lot of attention. An initiative frequently ends in failure, because the funding cannot be finalised, deadlines are not met or budgets are exceeded. The professional approach of a project can prevent many problems. The Project Management method is very user-friendly and stands out by its direct applicability(numerous check lists, step-by-step plans and model contracts). This book describes a concept of project management for general application, and the organisational, financial and planning aspects of a project. This third edition has been adapted regarding both the contents and the form that were altered in the Dutch version of the book Projectmanagement, the 8th edition by Jan Verhaar. Besides the obvious changes for this 3rd edition small changes and add-ons have been made throughout the entire book. In Part A, the chapters have been included which guide you through the methodology. In Part B you will learn using the step-by-step plan, with your own event or conference project. In Part C all of the chapters have been bundled together so that you can gain theoretical insight into the different techniques and models.
Directing for film and television
Just in time
Dance production : design and technology
Albee : Who's afraid of Virginia Woolf?
Gordon Craig's Moscow Hamlet : a reconstruction
Sense and respond / : case study middle-size information technology company
Economic outlook
Development of offshore wind power price competitiveness using a new logistics construct
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
Improvement of service offering connected to customer satisfaction in the power electronics field : a case study for Vacon
Outside the box : the relation between art and the public : project documentation 2013-2015 = eine frage nach dem verhältnis von kuns und öffentlichkeit : projekt dokumentation
We studied biomass production of two naturally originated grey alder (Alnus incana (L.) Moench) stands having a mixture of birch and willow located in central Finland. One of the stands was growing on a peatland site (Muhos) and the other on a mineral soil site (Juuka). The stands were clear-cut and fertilization experiments were laid out with several treatments. At Muhos, the treatments included nitrogen fertilisation with different amounts of wood ash and an unfertilized control. At Juuka, the treatments included nitrogen fertilisation either with ash or with PK, and ash and PK treatments alone and an unfertilized control. The sprouts at Muhos were grown for 17 years and at Juuka for 20 years. At Juuka the stand was clear-cut second time at the age of 20 years and grown for 8 years. The stands were measured several times and foliar samples were taken twice during the study period. Clear-cutting increased stem number manifold. The stand density of new coppiced forests after the clear-cutting decreased from 67000-89000 stems ha-1 at the age of 3-6 years to 10000-12000 stems ha-1 at the age of 17-20 years. On neither site fertilization affected biomass production of alders during the study period. Leafless above-ground biomass was 52-57 Mg ha-1 after 17-20 years. Mean annual leafless above-ground biomass production (MAI) increased with increase of rotation time. At the age of 17-20 years the MAI was 2.8-3.0 Mg ha a-1. At Muhos, ash increased foliar P and Ca concentrations, but decreased those of Mn.
The theater management handbook
The complete play production handbook
As European theatre directors become a familiar presence on international stages and a new generation of theatre makers absorbs their impulses, this study develops fresh perspectives on Regie, the Continental European tradition of staging playtexts. Leaving behind unhelpful cliches that pit, above all, the director against the playwright, Peter M. Boenisch stages playful encounters between Continental theatre and Continental philosophy. The contemporary Regie work of Thomas Ostermeier, Frank Castorf, Ivo van Hove, Guy Cassiers, tg STAN, and others, here meets the works of Friedrich Schiller and Leopold Jessner, Hegelian speculative dialectics, and the critical philosophy of Jacques Ranciere and Slavoj Zizek in order to explore the thinking of Regie - how to think Regie, and how Regie thinks.
Beckett : waiting for Godot
Manufacturing of anti-microbial polymers
All together now : a documentary film
Stagecraft fundamentals : a guide and reference for theatrical production
Opera in context : essays on historical staging from the late Renaissance to the time of Puccini
A study of the theatrical productions of H. Kanhailal, Manipuri director; with particular reference to two plays.
Clues to acting Shakespeare
Staging musicals for young performers : how to produce a show in 36 sessions or less
Three seminar papers on output gap
Feasibility of an assembly line for a high variety and low volume product : case ABB transformers
Negotiating Shakespeare's language in Romeo and Juliet : reading strategies from criticism, editing and the theatre
The technical director's toolkit : process, forms, and philosophies for successful technical direction
The Director's Craft is a unique and completely indispensable step-by-step guide to directing for the stage. Written by one of the most adventurous and respected directors working today, this book will be an essential item in every student and practitioner's kitbag. It provides detailed assistance with each aspect of the varied challenges facing all theatre directors, and does so with startling clarity. It will inspire everyone, from the beginner just starting out to the experienced practitioner looking to reinvigorate their practice. Katie Mitchell shares and explains the key practical tools she uses to approach her work with both actors, production teams, and the text itself. She addresses topics such as: the ideas that underpin a play's text, preparing improvizations, Twelve Golden Rules for working with actors, managing the transition from rehearsal room to theatre, analyzing your work after a run has ended. Each chapter concludes with a summary of its critical points, making this an ideal reference work for both directors and actors at any stage of their development.
Dance production handbook, or, Later is too late
The determination of production : an introduction to the study of economizing activity
On the consistency of data on production, deliveries, and inventories in the Swedish manufacturing industry
Producing the play
Optimisation of recombinant protein production in Pichia pastoris : single-chain antibody fragment model protein
Chicago : the musical : the London cast recording
The commercial theater institute guide to producing plays and musicals
Beckett in performance
Making media : foundations of sound and image production
The theatre of Kanhailal : Pebet & Memoirs of Africa
Conflicts and commitments in managing a theatre production : learning from unusual events in an unusual context
Consumers' perceptions of ethical products
Gorillatheatre : a practical guide to performing the new outdoor theatre anytime, anywhere
Modern theatre practice : a handbook of play production
New forms of service-production : fashion or a necessity?
Dance production and management
Production of Polylactic acid in laboratory scale, and characterising the thermal properties.
Technical management for the performing arts : utilizing time, talent, and money
The Cambridge companion to Shakespeare
Sophocles' Antigone has been staged all over the world, and many of these productions have reconceived and remade the play to address local issues and concerns. This collection of essays explores the play's reception in numerous countries, as diverse as The Congo and Australia, Argentina and Japan.
Potential of Kanban in the manufacturing processes of customized products
Directing for television : Conversations with american TV directors
Manual of everlasting life : in 12 chapters
A chronology of music in the Florentine theater, 1751-1800 : operas, prologues, farces, intermezzos, concerts, and plays with incidental music
Metropolitan Opera annals : a chronicle of artists and performances
Improvement of production planning
The perfect stage crew : the compleat technical guide for high school, college, and community theater
The Cambridge companion to Shakespeare on stage
Theatre in the Berlin Republic : German drama since reunification
Biomass production of coppiced grey alder and the effect of fertilization
Selecting a partner in production outsourcing and subcontracting
Working together in theatre : collaboration and leadership
Herbal medicine production : breeding and cultivation of salicylates producing plants
Performing Chekhov
The oratorio in Venice
Devising : a handbook of drama and theatre students
Emotions in leadership : leading a dramatic ensemble
Trust in public finance and service delivery : citizens' views towards the payment of taxes and public administrative accountability in Cameroon
The director's craft : a handbook for the theatre
The cinderella effect
Theatre is part of even smalltown finnish life
[Otello ; Othello ; Macbeth]
The mind's eye : theatre and media design from the inside out
Directing in musical theatre : an essential guide
Directing scenes and senses : the thinking of Regie
The Cambridge companion to Shakespearean comedy
How should mobile operators market low-cost services? : case : VoIP
Foreign Shakespeare : contemporary performance
Stage management and theatre administration
Production management : making shows happen
Failure data collection and analysis of NC-machine tools integrated into FMS
Development of relational bonds in a regional opera cooperation network
