http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4002 television stations
television stations
Lady of the house speaking! A qualitative ideological analysis and crosscultural ethnographic study of Keeping Up Appearances
Private screenings : television and the female consumer
Children in the information society : the case of Finland
Anchorman. 2 : the legend continues
The fifties : portrait of an age
Television regulation and media policy in China
Television production handbook
Thirtysomething : television, women, men, and work
Guilty pleasures: class, gender, culture and life as they are connected to telenovelas
Dead famous
This Book Investigates the Meanings behind the representations of women in popular culture through primarily qualitative textual analyses of films, television programs, the news, magazines, music videos, and advertising. The issues explored are: what mediated popular culture says about women and their roles in contemporary society; whether and how the mediated representation of women addresses real women's goals and potential; how the popular media negotiate the tension between cultural constraint and social changes within their portrayal of women; and whether women are still the victims of symbolic annihilation by the media.
World radio TV handbook. 1997.
No end to her : soap opera and the female subject
The presentation of women in the USA and Finland in different light entertainment television genres
Wataru seken wa oni bakari : mothers-in-law and daughters-in-law in a Japanese television family drama
Women in Finnish broadcasting
World radio Tv handbook WRTH 2011 : the directory of global broadcasting
Mediated women : representations in popular culture
Children and media : image, education, participation
World radio tv handbook. 1994
Gender politics and MTV : voicing the difference
Since the late 1990s, there has been a crucial and substantial transformation in China's television system involving institutional, structural and regulatory changes. Unraveling the implications of these changes is vital for understanding the politics of Chinese media policy-making and regulation, and thus a comprehensive study of this history has never been more essential. This book studies the transformation of the policy and regulation of the Chinese television sector within a national political and economic context from 1996 to the present day. Taking a historical and sociological approach, it engages in the theoretical debates over the nature of the transformation of media in the authoritarian Chinese state; the implications of the ruling party's political legitimacy and China's central-local conflicts upon television policy-making and market structure; and the nature of the media modernisation process in a developing country. Its case studies include broadcasting systems in Shanghai and Guangdong, which demonstrate that varied policies and development strategies have been adopted by television stations, reflecting different local circumstances and needs. Arguing that rather than being a homogenous entity, China has demonstrated the substantial local diversity and complex interactions between local, national and global media, this book will be of interest to students and scholars of Chinese media, politics and policy, and international communications.
Granada Television : the first generation
World radio TV handbook. 1995, [volume 49] / [editor: Andrew G. Sennitt] ; [publisher: Glenn Heffernan]
World radio TV handbook WRTH 2010 : the directory of global broadcasting
World radio TV handbook WRTH 2009 : the directory of global broadcasting
WDR and the Arbeiterfilm : Fassbinder, Ziewer and others
World radio TV handbook WRTH 2007 : the directory of global broadcasting
Conference proceedings for affective encounters : rethinking embodiment in feminist media studies
Popular culture in a globalised India
Soap opera and women's talk : the pleasure of resistance
Networks of power : corporate TV's threat to democracy
Moon base Alpha : Space: 1999. 1.
This business of television
High anxiety : catastrophe, scandal, age, & comedy
World radio TV handbook WRTH. 2010 : the directory of global broadcasting
The sky is falling
Women and soap opera : a study of prime time soaps
World radio TV handbook WRTH 2013 : the directory of global broadcasting. Volume 67 - 2013
World radio TV handbook WRTH. 1996 edition
World radio Tv handbook WRTH 2014 : the directory of global broadcasting
Promotion and marketing for broadcasting, cable, and the web
The magic of ordinary days
Those girls : single women in sixties and seventies popular culture
World radio TV handbook WRTH 2017 : the directory of global broadcasting
Anchorman : the legend of Ron Burgundy
Women in television news revisited : into the twenty-first century
The crimson petal and the white
Brazilian womanhood in the prime time telenovela : a textual analysis of Aguinaldo Silva's "Senhora do Destino"
Women, television and everyday life in Korea : journeys of hope
Deaf world : a historical reader and primary sourcebook
Employment and positive action for women in the television organizations of the EEC Member States
Our space, our place : women in the worlds of science fiction television
World radio TV handbook WRTH 2015 : the directory of global broadcasting
Sydämen asialla = Heartbeat. Kausi 16.
World radio TV handbook. 1998
Blasphemy
World radio TV handbook WRTH 2005 : the directory of international broadcasting
The weather channel : the improbable rise of a media phenomen
Body parts on planet slum : women and telenovelas in Brazil
World Radio TV Handbook WRTH 2012 : the directory of global broadcasting
Relations of television : genre and gender in the production, reception and text of a Japanese family drama
Law and popular culture : a course book
Moon base Alpha = Space: 1999. 2.
World radio TV handbook WRTH 2016 : the directory of global broadcasting
