http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4009 Bible stories
Bible stories
The Bible : documentary. Osa 1, Vanha testamentti
Cursor mundi (The cursur o the world) : a Northumbrian poem of the XIVth century in four versions, two of them Midland, from Cotton ms. Vesp. A iii in the library of British Mus.; Fairfax ms. 14 in the Bodleian Library; ms. Theol. 107 in the Göttingen University Library; ms. R. 3. 8 in the library of Trimity College, Cambridge. Part 1
Cursor mundi (The cursur o the world) : a Northumbrian poem of the XIVth century in four versions. Part 7
City of gold and other stories from the Old Testament
The book of Genesis
The unofficial Bible for minecrafters : stories from the Bible told block by block
The Christmas story
Following the traces of unknown Bathseba
Vol. 1: "This authoritative text of the first edition of John Milton's Paradise lost transcribes the original 10-book poem, records its textual problems and numerous differences from the second edition, and discusses in critical commentary the importance of these issues"--Provided by publisher.
Cursor mundi (The cursur o the world) : a Northumbrian poem of the XIVth century in four versions. Part 6
Cursor mundi (The cursur o the world) : a Northumbrian poem of the XIVth century in four versions, two of them Midland, from Cotton ms. Vesp. A iii in the library of British Mus.; Fairfax ms. 14 in the Bodleian Library; ms. Theol. 107 in the Göttingen University Library; ms. R. 3. 8 in the library of Trimity College, Cambridge. Part 4
The book of God : the Bible as a novel
The story of Genesis and Exodus : an early English song, about A.D. 1250
Murder and difference : gender, genre, and scholarship on Sisera's death
The Puffin Children's Bible : stories from the Old and New Testaments
iLumina : live the bible
Two medieval ballads on betrayal and deception : interpreting the story of the first Christian bishop in Finland through the story of Judas Iscariot
The Easter story
The serpent's promise : the Bible retold as science
Jews, christians and muslims in encounter
Cursor mundi (The cursur o the world) : a Northumbrian poem of the XIVth century in four versions, two of them Midland, from Cotton ms. Vesp. A iii in the library of British Mus.; Fairfax ms. 14 in the Bodleian Library; ms. Theol. 107 in the Göttingen University Library; ms. R. 3. 8 in the library of Trimity College, Cambridge. Part 2
Stories of Jesus. 2, Jesus, our friend
Stories of Jesus. 1, Jesus, the Son of God
The story of Jesus and the blind man : a speech act reading of John 9
The Bible : in the beginning
A first Bible story book
The story goes.... 1, The stories of the Torah
Stories of Jesus. 4, Jesus, our savior
Kymmenen käskyä : 50th anniversary collection
Son of God
The murmuring stories of the priestly school : a retrieval of ancient sacerdotal lore
The Bible : documentary. Osa 3, Jeesus Nasaretilainen
The first Easter
David & Goliath : and other Bible stories
The Christmas story : from the gospel of Matthew and Luke
The art of storytelling : easy steps to presenting an unforgettable story
99 stories from the Bible
To kill and take possession : law, morality, and society in biblical stories
Marketplace theology expert R. Paul Stevens revisits more than twenty biblical accounts -- from Genesis to Revelation -- exploring through them the theological meaning of every sort of work, manual or intellectual, domestic or commercial. --from publisher description.
Noah's knits
Stories of Jesus. 3, Jesus, our teacher
Joseph in Egypt : a cultural icon from Grotius to Goethe
Illustrated home bible : Bible stories
The Bible in Shakespeare
Jesus Christ superstar
In the beginning : a collection of best loved Bible stories in pictures
THE CHRISTMAS STORY
Storytelling in religious education
Fear and trembling : dialectical lyric by Johannes De Silentio
The children's Bible : in 365 stories
Egyptin prinssi
Cursor mundi (The cursur o the world) : a Northumbrian poem of the XIVth century in four versions, two of them Midland, from Cotton ms. Vesp. A iii in the library of British Mus.; Fairfax ms. 14 in the Bodleian Library; ms. Theol. 107 in the Göttingen University Library; ms. R. 3. 8 in the library of Trimity College, Cambridge. Part 3
The Bible : the epic miniseries
Rewritten biblical figures
The New Testament
The Eternal Road : (highlights)
Francis of Assisi
Lethal love : feminist literary readings of biblical love stories
Introducing the Bible
This book reflects on one of the most pressing challenges of our time: the current and historical relationships that exist between the faith-traditions of Judaism, Christianity and Islam. It begins with discussion on the state of Jewish-Christian relations, examining antisemitism and the Holocaust, the impact of Israel and theological controversies such as covenant and mission. Kessler also traces different biblical stories and figures, from the Hebrew Bible and the New Testament, demonstrating Jewish-Christian contact and controversy. Jews and Christians share a sacred text, but more surprisingly, a common exegetical tradition. They also need to deal with some of the more problematic and violent biblical texts. Jews, Christians and Muslims includes reflection on the encounter with Islam, including topics associated with a divergent history and memory as well contemporary relations between the three Abrahamic faiths. Kessler's writings shed light on common purpose as well as how to manage difference, both vital in forming a positive identity and sustaining a flourishing community.
David and Bathsheba
Illustrated children's stories from the Old Testament
The story of Jesus
"Paradise lost" : a poem written in ten books. [Vol. 1], An authoritative text of the 1667 first edition
The Old Testament
Cursor mundi (The cursur o the world) : a Northumbrian poem of the XIVth century in four versions, two of them Midland, from Cotton ms. Vesp. A iii in the library of British Mus.; Fairfax ms. 14 in the Bodleian Library; ms. Theol. 107 in the Göttingen University Library; ms. R. 3. 8 in the library of Trimity College, Cambridge. Part 5
The Bible : documentary. Osa 2, Mooseksen tarina
The Lion children's Bible : stories from the Old and New Testaments
Raamattu ...alussa loi Jumala : The Bible : in the beginning..
In the beginning
The quest for Noah's flood
Mary wept over the feet of Jesus : prostitution and religious obedience in the Bible : a "graphic novel" containing adaptations of certain Biblical stories
Goliath
Work matters : lessons from Scripture
The Bible : documentary
Veggie Tales bible storybook : with scripture from the NIrV
Brother sun, sister moon
The Kingfisher children's Bible
The good man Jesus and the scoundrel Christ
The children's illustrated Bible
The story of Ruth
