http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4006 bodiliness
bodiliness corporeality
Women's work. Mannign the machine. Bodies electric in an age of the mechanical. Such phrases highlight a crosshatched network of meaning-making in modernity. technological developments in the concrete sense of devices and operations intersect with longer-standing conceptual architectures. The essay collection "Machine: Bodies, Genders, Technologies" explores key interstices of this evloving techno-cultural imaginary through interdisciplinary dialogue. Literary and historical perspectives within American Studies are brought into conversation with Film, Gender, Media, and Transnational Studies. Contributions consider politics of the body from radical self-fashioning to infections of the body politic, the interrelation of gender and technology from the factory floor to the film screen, and imatinations of the technological between the mechanic and the machinic from nineteenth-century electroschocks to millenial avant-gardes.
Bodystorming for movement-based interaction design
'Managing the Body' explores the emergence of modern male and female bodies within the context of debates about racial fitness and active citizenship in Britain from the 1880s until 1939.
African Americans and the culture of pain
The flesh made text made flesh : cultural and theoretical returns to the body
Ethics of the body : postconventional challenges
The body's recollection of being : phenomenological psychology and the deconstruction of nihilism
Discussions on biology : gender scholars talk about bodily matters
The body in tourism industry
This title tells the compelling story of Irish healer Valentine Greatrakes and outlines his place in the history of 17th-century Britain, revealing a fascinating account of his engagement with important events of the period, including the Irish Rebellion of 1641, the English civil wars, the Cromwellian Conquest of Ireland, and the Restoration of 1660.
Pornography of meat
Reflexive embodiment in contemporary society
Changing bodies : habit, crisis and creativity
Home bodies : tactile experience in domestic space
Common bodies : everyday practices, gender and religion
"Bodylove" is an inspiring guide for women who want to become less critical of their appearance, less preoccupied with weight, and more in love with themselves -- physically, sexually, and emotionally. Combining vivid case histories, recent research, practical techniques, and simple exercises, this book affirms a woman's basic right to like her looks and shows how she can achieve that goal. It also covers a wide range of body image topics such as cosmetics use, healthy exercise, aging, and sexuality.
Bodies of work : essays
Moving bodies/still bodies : embodiment and agency in schools
Theatre & the body
The body and religion
Beauty bound
Snowboarding bodies in theory and practice
Birth, death, and femininity : philosophies of embodiment
Theorizing the local : music, practice, and experience in South Asia and beyond
The context of self : a phenomenological inquiry using medicine as a clue
Endowed : regulating the male sexed body
Body signs : the latino/a body in cultural production
Thinking bodies
Health and holiness : a study of the relations between Brother Ass, the body, and his rider, the soul
Bodies, pleasures, and passions : sexual culture in contemporary Brazil
Clothed in the body : asceticism, the body, and the spiritual in the late antique era
Against the background of the so-called 'obesity epidemic', Media and the Rhetoric of Body Perfection critically examines the discourses of physical perfection that pervade Western societies, shedding new light on the rhetorical forces behind body anxieties and extreme methods of weight loss and beautification. Drawing on rich interview material with cosmetic surgery patients and offering fresh analyses of various texts from popular culture, including internationally-screened reality-television shows including The Biggest Loser, Extreme Makeover and The Swan as well as entertainment programs and documentaries, this book examines the ways in which Western media capitalize on body anxiety by presenting physical perfection as a moral imperative, while advertising quick and effective transformation methods to erase physical imperfections. With attention to contemporary lines of resistance to standards of thinness and attempts to redefine conceptions of beauty, Media and the Rhetoric of Body Perfection will appeal to scholars and students of popular culture, television, media and cultural studies, as well as the sociology of the body, feminist thought, body transformation and cosmetic surgery.
To watch theatre : essays on genre and corporeality
Five bodies : the human shape of modern society
Word made skin : figuring language at the surface of flesh
Resonance in storytelling : verbal, prosodic and embodied practices of stance taking
"Body, Soul and Cyberspace explores how recent science-fiction cinema addresses questions about the connections between body and soul, virtuality, and the ways in which we engage with spirituality in the digital age. The book investigates notions of love, life and death, taking an interdisciplinary approach by combining cinematic themes with religious, philosophical and ethical ideas. Magerstädt argues how even the most spectacle-driven mainstream films such as Avatar, The Matrix and Terminator can raise interesting and important questions about the human self and our interaction with the world. Apart from these well-known science fiction epics, her analysis also draws on recent works, such as Inception, The Thirteenth Floor, eXistenZ, Aeon Flux, Total Recall (2012), Transcendence and TRON: Legacy. These films stimulate an engaging discussion on what makes us human, the role memory plays in understanding ourselves, and how virtual realities challenge the moral concepts that govern human relationships"--
Faces of Papua New Guinea
Cultural bodies : ethnography and theory
Remaking the body : rehabilitation and change
It seems logical to argue that mobile computing technologies are intended for use “on-the-go.” However, on closer inspection, the use of mobile technologies pose a number of challenges for users who are mobile, particularly moving around on foot. In engaging with such mobile technologies and their envisaged development, we argue that interaction designers must increasingly consider a multitude of perspectives that relate to walking in order to frame design problems appropriately. In this paper, we consider a number of perspectives on walking, and we discuss how these may inspire the design of mobile technologies. Drawing on insights from non-representational theory, we develop a partial vocabulary with which to engage with qualities of pedestrian mobility, and we outline how taking more mindful approaches to walking may enrich and inform the design space of handheld technologies..
Embodying sociology : retrospect, progress, and prospects
Feminism and the biological body
Embodiment, emotion, and cognition
After a decade of movement-based interaction in human-computer interaction, designing for the moving body still remains a challenge. Research in this field requires methods to help access, articulate, and harness embodied experiences in ways that can inform the design process. To address this challenge, this article appropriates bodystorming, an embodied ideation method for movement-based interaction design. The proposed method allows for early consideration of the physical, collocated, and social aspects of a designed activity as illustrated with two explorative workshops in different application domains: interactive body games and interactive performances. Using a qualitative methods approach, we used video material from the workshops, feedback from participants, and our own experience as participants and facilitators to outline important characteristics of the bodystorming method in the domain of movement-based interaction. The proposed method is compared with previous ones and application implications are discussed.
Freak shows and the modern American imagination : constructing the damaged body from Willa Cather to Truman Capote
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
Body matters : leisure images and lifestyles
What is sacrifice? For many people today the word has negative overtones, suggesting loss, or death, or violence. But in religions, ancient and modern, the word is linked primarily to joyous feasting which puts people in touch with the deepest realities. How has that change of meaning come about? What effect does it have on the way we think about Christianity? How does it affect the way Christian believers think about themselves and God?John Dunnill's study focuses on sacrifice as a physical event uniting worshippers to deity. Bringing together insights from social anthropology, biblical studies and Trinitarian theology, Dunnill links to debates in sociology and cultural studies, as well as the study of liturgy. Through a positive view of sacrifice, Dunnill contributes to contemporary Christian debates on atonement and salvation.
Man and woman He created them : a theology of the body
Ethics and embodiment in ethnographic interactions
Hobby crafting as sensuous and corporeal performance
This book investigates how power plays an important role in the uses, views, and shapes of the body—as well as how the body is invested with meaning. Body Studies provides a wealth of pedagogic features for ease of teaching and learning: ethnographic case studies, boxes covering contemporary controversies, news stories, and legislative issues, as well as chapter summaries, further reading recommendations, and key terms. This book will appeal to students and teachers of sociology, anthropology, cultural studies, women's studies, gender studies, and ethnic studies.
Embodying Black experience : stillness, critical memory, and the Black body
Subversive pleasures : Bakhtin, cultural criticism, and film
Bewitching women, pious men : gender and body politics in Southeast Asia
Political affect : connecting the social and the somatic
The adventures of the man in gold : Path between art and life = les aventures de l'homme en or : passages entre l'art et ka vie
Body modification
Phenomenology and embodiment : Husserl and the constitution of subjectivity
The body in interpersonal relations : Merleau-Ponty
Rewilding music : improvisation, wilderness, and the global musician
Calvin, the body, and sexuality
Defiled and deified : profane and sacred bodies in Caitanya Vaiṣṇava theology
Queering fat embodiment
Body and ritual in Buddhist musical cultures
Musicking bodies : gesture and voice in Hindustani music
Intertwinings : interdisciplinary encounters with Merleau-Ponty
Erotic morality : the role of touch in moral agency
The sociology of the body : mapping the abstraction of embodiment
Secrets and mysteries: the glory and pleasure of being a woman
The representation of sexual signs in Chinese Durex TV commercial : a semiotic approach
The integration of digital technologies into urban life and environments has accelerated rapidly over the past few decades. It has been well established that this digital augmentation is changing the way we use and experience urban places; however, more studies, especially at the micro-level and from an architectural point of view, must be conducted in order to increase our understanding of the phenomenon.In this thesis, I examine the experience and evaluation of digitally augmented public urban places through four case studies, analysing participants' experiences of adaptive lighting pilots and urban displays deployed in real world settings. Digital augmentations were found to be able to alter the genius loci significantly; furthermore, findings from these case studies demonstrate and explain how co-design, existing use patterns and user groups in urban places, climate and weather, and sense of place affect digital augmentations.The thesis makes a methodological contribution in the form of evaluation probes. This method was developed by modifying the cultural probes method for the purposes of evaluative research of design artefacts. The proposed method allows for the emic evaluation of design artefacts without direct researcher presence. In other case studies, I have used ethnographically inspired methods to gather research materials.In analysing research materials I make a theoretical contribution by introducing the concept of emplacement into architectural research. This concept highlights the importance of place in our experience as embodied individuals. Based on my empirical results, I argue for the design of meaningful emplaced experiences through digital augmentation. I also chart the design challenges that have emerged from my studies, utilising them to develop a holistic model that aims to describe experiences of digital augmentation in public urban places.Overall, the thesis proposes participatory design evaluation as a new approach in the field of architecture. It refers to the examination and utilisation of research participants' intersubjective accounts in the evaluation of design artefacts from an experiential point of view. I argue for the benefits of this approach for the further inclusion of research knowledge in design and planning processes.
Rites of realism : essays on corporeal cinema
The body wall : somatics of travelling and discursive practices
I is an other : the secret life of metaphor and how it shapes the way we see the world
Somatechnics highlights the reciprocal bond between the sôma and the techné of 'the body' and the techniques in which bodies are formed and transformed as crafted responses to the world around us. Structured around the themes of the governance of social bodies, the gendering of sexed bodies and the techniques associated with the formation of the self, Somatechnics presents a groundbreaking study of body modification. Its contributions to the work of Spinoza, Nietzsche, Merleau-Ponty, Deluze and Guattari make it a must read for scholars of sociology, cultural and queer studies and philosophy.
The Body
At the heart of the Christian proclamation is the problematic body of Jesus: problematic because His crucified form conveyed shame rather than glory, problematic because Christian communities argued about whether Jesus' body shared in the corruptible and tactile qualities of other human bodies.
Photography : a critical introduction
Sex, death and witchcraft : a contemporary pagan festival
Embodied holiness : toward a corporate theology of spiritual growth
The existence of mind : in defence of mind-body dualism
Real gorgeous : the truth about body and beauty
Beckett, technology and the body
The disabled body in contemporary art
Body invaders : sexuality and the postmodern condition
To relieve the human condition : bioethics, technology, and the body
Theorizing sexuality
A widening field : journeys in body and imagination
Key concepts in body and society
Disembodying women : perspectives on pregnancy and the unborn
Jesus in our wombs : embodying modernity in a Mexican convent
The visible and the invisible : followed by working notes
Gendered bodies : feminist perspectives
The imagination of the body and the history of bodily experience
The psychology of appearance
Where metaphors come from : reconsidering context in metaphor
The body as interface : dialogues between the disciplines
The body : a very short introduction
Five bodies : re-figuring relationships
How the body shapes the way we think : a new view of intelligence
Sexual sports rhetoric : global and universal contexts
Bodies of worship : explorations in theory and practice
Making things better : a workbook on ritual, cultural values, and environmental behavior
Purification : religious transformations of body and mind
Materiality / [edited by Petra Lange-Berndt]
What does it mean to become a boy today? How does boyhood manifest itself in different contexts? How can we describe fathers and sons in contemporary society? And can we make the invisible boy visible in ways alternative to those of media? This publication is the outcome of an international, multidisciplinary exploration of how boys become boys and how boys form identities today. The project was global in its scope and included 24 artists and academics from Sweden, USA, Turkey, UK, Finland, New Zealand, Croatia, Nigeria, Switzerland, India, Canada and Italy have contributed to the Invisible Boy. The publication with its 20 chapters includes academic papers, video, drawings, digital images, photography and music. Combining a variety of intellectual expressions the chapters forms a joint example of multimodal explorations to further understandings of complex matters such as gendered identity making. The contributions are organised in four themes: Negotiating Identity, Bodily Existence, Boyhood Interrupted, and Gender and Contemporary Media.
Reframing the body
The body in pieces : the fragment as a metaphor of modernity
A woman looking at men looking at women : essays on art, sex, and the mind
The miraculous conformist : Valentine Greatrakes, the body politic, and the politics of healing in Restoration Britain
In this book, Johanne S. Teglbjærg Kristensen analyses the relationship between body and hope. She critically investigates the eschatologies of Paul Tillich, Jürgen Moltmann and Wolfhart Pannenberg from the perspective of the phenomenology of the body represented by Maurice Merleau-Ponty. By focusing on the eschatological challenge of the body through a thematization of the issue of continuity, the author constructively interprets the classic eschatological themes of death, resurrection, judgement and the Second Coming. She shows how the classic eschatological issues of the relationship between time and eternity, as well as of the relationship between the individual and the community require new conceptions. By taking the phenomenology of the body into consideration, Teglbjærg Kristensen suggests both a new eschatological approach and a new conception of eschatology.
Complementary and alternative medicine : bodies, therapies, senses
In Making Things Better, A. David Napier demonstrates how anthropological description of non-Western exchange practices and beliefs can be a tonic for contemporary economic systems in which our impersonal relationship to "things" transforms the animate elements of social life into inanimate sets of commodities. Such a fundamental transformation, Napier suggests, makes us automatons in globally integrated social circuits that generate a cast of a winners and losers engaged in hostile competition for wealth and power. Our impersonal relations to "things"-and to people as well-are so ingrained in our being, we take them for granted as we sleepwalk through routine life. Like the surrealist artists of the 1920s who, through their art, poetry, films, and photography, fought a valiant battle against mind-numbing conformity, Napier provides exercises and practica designed to shock the reader from their wakeful sleep. These demonstrate powerfully the positively integrative social effects of more socially entangled, non-Western orientations to "things" and to "people." His arguments also have implications for the rights and legal status of indigenous peoples, which are drawn out in the course of the book.
Bodies of law
The Body in late medieval and early modern culture
Flesh and text / Mikko Lehtonen
The chapters in this book were first presented at the Women in French Biennial Conference held in Leeds in May 2004. The twelve essays explore the multifaceted commodification of the female body and provide insights into the mutations of French society and culture. British and French scholars examine the paradoxes and contradictions embodied in various images and discourses related to health and illness from different perspectives, ranging from sociological studies to analyses of working diaries, children's medical encyclopaedias and literary texts. The 'resilient female body' as epitomised by the First World War nurse tends by the end of the twentieth century to be construed as the 'sanitised female body', subjected to mind/body dualities largely controlled by the medical professions. Thus, maternity and related issues such as birth and contraceptive technologies figure as major themes with contributors revealing unresolved ambivalences. Other chapters focus on how women's economic activity can affect their individual health and, potentially, that of others. A further prominent theme shows how, for contemporary women writers, serious illnesses such as cancer and madness in women can be seen as rich metaphors for the ills of a maledominated society. Duras's alcoholism and Aragon's portrayals of prostitution are also discussed.
Giving the body its due
Towards enabling geographies : 'disabled' bodies and minds in society and space
Mapping the Body, Embodying the Map: A corporeal taxonomy into a topographical transformation at the  border of Nicosia is a project realized along and across the buffer zone within the Venetian walls of Nicosia, the  capital city of Cyprus.  The focus of this project is the area that divides the city into two parts and it has been mentioned as buffer zone,  green line, borderline, dividing line, dead zone and many more. This restricted area has activated not only  physical barriers for people but also caused emotional and mental restrain.  The motivation is my wish to reveal the significance of this area and uncover the impact it creates on the body:  physical, mental and emotional. Also my intention is to deform and reconstruct the psychophysical perceptions of  the dividing line through artistic means.  The approach and method of working consists of artistic research, and a practical and theoretical framework. I  have used live performance as my creative technique to realize a series of site-specific performance interventions  along and across the Nicosia buffer zone in order to generate knowledge about that area, examined in my research.  In addition, the written part of this project includes a description and analysis of my artistic work at the border,  supported with theories focusing mainly on José Esteban Muñoz's work, “Disidentifications” (1999) and Sarah  Pink's “Doing Sensory Ethnography” (2009).  This thesis project questions: How the conventional idea of the border and its solidified historicity can be  transformed to a new perception through performing, while bringing a psychophysical transformation to this  experience? To come to an answer, the body is used as a tool to create live actions and the Nicosia border is used  as a site to be experienced through non covnentional ways. Finally, the outcome is an experiential mapping, which  is shaped while the body is used to measure, archive, experience and re-experience, and therefore memorize the  border anew.
Embodied technics
The artist's body
Vampires and zombies : transcultural migrations and transnational interpretations
Snowboarding Bodies in Theory and Practice providesan an in-depth analysis of the global phenomenon of snowboarding. Drawing upon an extensive array of sources gathered from six countries over seven years, the book offers insights into snowboarding culture, including the sport, lifestyle, industry, media, gender relations, travel and tourism, and physical experience, in both historical and contemporary contexts. It also contributes to recent debates surrounding the practices and politics of the active body. Facilitating a multidimensional analysis of snowboarding bodies, each chapter draws upon, and extends, a different theoretical perspective--i.e., cultural memory studies, Marxist political economy, post-Fordism, Foucauldian theorizing, Pierre Bourdieu's theory of embodiment, feminism, sociology of mobilities, and non-representational theory. Creatively blending theory and empirical research, this book offers both a comprehensive investigation of snowboarding bodies in local and global contexts, and an engaging commentary on the use of social theory and research methods for understanding sport and physical cultures in the early twenty-first century.
Knitting as a cultural and bodily practice
Body, paper, stage : writing and performing autoethnography
Imagine there's no woman : ethics and sublimation
"Consideration of the body as a subject for study has increased in recent years with new technologies, forms of modification, debates about obesity and issues of age being brought into focus by the media. Drawing on contemporary culture, Body Studies: The Basics introduces readers to the key concerns and debates surrounding the study of the sociological body, cutting across disciplines to cover topics which include: Nature vs. Culture: how we 'build' and transform our bodies, Conformity and resistance in bodily practice, Issues of body image--beauty, diet, exercise and age, Sporting bodies and the pursuit of ideals, Enfreakment, disability and monstrosity, Cyborgs and virtual online bodies, With further reading signposted throughout, this accessible book is essential reading for anyone studying the body through the lens of sociology, cultural studies, sports studies, media studies and gender studies; and all those with an interest in how the physical body can be a social construct"--
How emotions work
Foreign bodies : performance, art, and symbolic anthropology
Derrida and the writing of the body
Mapping the body, embodying the map : a corporeal  taxonomy into a topographical transformation at the  border of Nicosia
Ways of walking : understanding walking's implications for the design of handheld technology via a humanistic ethnographic approach
Being gorgeous : feminism, sexuality and the pleasures of the visual
The rise and fall of the Pentecostals : the role and significance of the body in Pentecostal spirituality
New directions in social theory, education and embodiment
[Over the past four decades, the "globalized" aspects of cultural circulation have received the majority of scholarly-and consumer-attention, particularly in the study of South Asian music. As a result, a broad range of community-based and other locally focused performance traditions in the regions of South Asia have remained relatively unexplored. Theorizing the local provides a challenging and compelling counterperspective to the "globalized," arguing for the value of comparative microstudies that are not concerned primarily with the flow of capital and neoliberal politics. What does it mean for musical activities to be local in an increasingly interconnected world? To what extent can theoretical activity be localized to the very acts of making music, interacting, and composing? Theorizing the Local offers glimpses into rich musical worlds of south and west Asia, worlds which have never before been presented in a single volume. The authors cross the traditional borders of scholarship and region, exploring in unmatched detail a vast array of musical practices and significant ethnographic discoveries-from Nepal to India, India to Sri Lanka, Pakistan to Iran. Enriched by audio and video tracks on an extensive companion Web site, Theorizing the local is an important study of South Asian musical traditions that offers a broader understanding of 21st-century music of the world.]
In the language of the mother — re-storying the relational moral in teachers' stories
The body in contemporary art / Sally O'Reilly
Social policy and the body : transitions in corporeal discourse
Crucible Bodies : postwar Japanese performance from Brecht to the new millennium
Female monks have been discussed within the spheres of socio-history, theology, and literary analysis, but no comprehensive study has focused on their historical and gendered context until now. This book reexamines their hagiographies to reveal that female protagonists possess a holy womanhood regardless of having layers of masculinity applied to their characters. Each masculine layer is scrutinized to explore its purpose in the plots and the plausible motivations for the utilization of transvestite figures in religious literature. Hagiographers had no intention of transforming their religious protagonists into anything but determined, holy women who are forced to act drastically in order to sustain ascetic dreams begun while mothers, wives, daughters, and sisters. Through an intertextual method, masculinity and literary themes work to contextualize praise for a holy womanhood within an acceptable gendered language, which seems to support a belief in the spiritual potential of women. This book highlights the potential for complex irony to develop around a female transvestite, which supplies religious tales with intrigue and interest, an ability to instruct/chastise mixed audiences, and a potential to portray the reversal inherent in the human drama of salvation.
The making of a protest movement in Turkey : #occupygezi
Bodylove : learning to like our looks - and ourselves : a practical guide to women
Who are you?
Between body and soul = entre corps et âme : Magdalen Celestino, Cathy Daley, Aganetha Dyck, Robert Flack, Karilee Fuglem, Angela Grauerholz, Nicholas Hooper, Spring Hurlbut, Manon Labrecque, Myriam Laplante, David Moore, Sylvia Safdie, Barbara Steinman,
New dimensions in body psychotherapy
Re-embodied : young women, the body quest and agency in the culture of appearances
Biomonitoring digital devices have become popular in physical activities and are receiving intensive focus as motivational and support vehicles for health. The aim of this article is to develop a new theoretical framework to analyze biomonitoring from the two perspectives constituting the opposite ends of the big data spectrum: individual (micro) and institutional (macro). In applying phenomenology of the body, discussions of choreography, and Latour's actor-network theory, I seek to evolve a choreography-based approach that can outline feedback systems between embodied practices and the macrolevel choreography of big data. Health informatics data as economic and political assets are illustrated based on netnography. Netnographic methodology pays close attention to online fieldwork and media texts. Emphasizing the lived body in the analysis of knowledge infrastructure, I aim to contribute to the theoretical discussion of human-data interaction. The findings suggest that highly intimate, personal technology can distance people from their lived bodies.
Political bodies and the body politic in J. M. Coetzee's novels
As a basic medium of human interaction, the body is fundamental to socio-cultural communication systems, in particular the communication system «religion». Over time, religious traditions – in all their various cultural and historical forms and incarnations – have developed elaborated symbolic systems with the body at their center. This volume proposes to study these systems and the role that body plays in their organization through the perspective of the concept of body as a medium and by drawing on media and communication theory. The papers collected in this volume explore this perspective in relation to different religious traditions, historical periods and theoretical as well as theological themes. They also engage in specific theoretical frameworks in order to discuss the scope and limitations of thinking of the body as a medium in religious symbol systems. Topics covered range from ancient mythology to contemporary Parsi rituals to the boundaries between body and technology.
In the religions of the world, there is strongemphasis on the practice of "purification" for the religious transformation of mind and body in connection with achieving such ultimate objectives as enlightenment and salvation. The contributors discuss the great diversity offorms and meanings with respect to religious transformation in their respectivefields of research. While invoking earlier debates within the study of religions and theology on the topic of "purification" the studies in this volume penetrate further into the meaning and structure of religious transformation of mind and body in the religions of the world and open comparative perspectives on this topic.
Body invaders : panic sex in America
The body & society : explorations in social theory
Sacrifice and the body : biblical anthropology and Christian self-understanding
"I'm not a fucking hoax" : problemizing identity, gender and corporeality via J.T. LeRoy's transgressive fiction
Christian body, Christian self : concepts of early Christian personhood
Remember who you are : remember 'where' you are and where you 'come' from : remember
Body show/s : Australian viewings of live performance
Body, soul and cyberspace in contemporary science fiction cinema : virtual worlds and ethical problems
A companion to the anthropology of the body and embodiment
The post-secular position and enchanted bodies
Praising as bodily practice : the neocharismatic culture of celebration
Quantified bodies in the checking loop : analyzing the choreographies of biomonitoring and generating big data
Removing masculine layers to reveal a holy womanhood : the female transvestite monks of late antique Eastern Christianity
Media and the rhetoric of body perfection : cosmetic surgery, weight loss and beauty in popular culture
The imagination of the body and the history of bodyly experience
Foreign Bodies analyzes how our culture elaborates for us the bodies we have by natural evolution. Calling on the new means contemporary thinkers have used to understand the body, Alphonso Lingis explores forms of power, pleasure and pain, and libidinal identity. The book contrasts the findings of theory with the practice of the body as formulated in quite different kinds of language--the language of plastic art (the artwork body builders make of themselves), biography, anthropology and literature. Lingis explains how we experience our own powers of perception, our postures, attitudes, gestures and purposive action; how our susceptibility to pain and excitability by pleasure acquiesce in and resist the ways they are identified and manipulated today; how cultures code our sensuality with phallic and with fluid identities; how others dress appeals to and puts demands on us.
In many religious traditions bodily practices, that is ritual actions that make use of the body and have a body-related goal, have evolved. Such practices are especially well developed in South- and East Asian traditions, where they have reached a great complexity in Hatha Yoga or in Daoist meditation. This shows that the human body has a major role to play in religions, which is something that is too often overlooked. Several qualities are attributed to the human body in religious thought systems that may be both positive and negative and in the ritual a framework is created that enables to transform the negative qualities into positive ones – for example, in a purification ritual the unpure body or condition is converted into a pure one. Not only singular qualities may be changed in the bodily practices but the whole body. Such a transformation of the body that aims to transcend the limits of the ordinary human body, can be a religious goal in its own right. The bodily practices of self transformation are based on the idea of the body as something unstable and changeable. In the premodern religious thought the body is more than a biological entity. It is a midpoint between a person and the society and the world that finds itself in a constant process of re-construction. It follows that the identity of a person is strongly tied to the body which is in turn related to how a person acts on a daily basis and to whom one is connected to.
"Reading Vampire Gothic Through Blood examines the promiscuous circulations of blood in science and philosophy, vampire novels, films and vampire communities to draw a vascular map of the symbolic meanings of blood and its association with questions of identity and the body. Stephanou seeks to explain present-day biotechnologies, global neoliberal biopolitics and capitalism, feminine disease and monstrosity, race, and vampirism by looking to the past and analysing how blood was constituted historically. By tracing the transformations of blood symbols and metaphors, as they bleed from early modernity into the complex arterial networks of global and corporate culture, it is possible to open new veins of signification in the otherwise exhausted and dry landscape of vampire scholarship"--
Experiencing and evaluating digital augmentation of public urban places
"The undead are very much alive in contemporary entertainment and lore. Indeed, vampires and zombies have garnered attention in print media, cinema, and on television. The vampire, with roots in medieval European folklore, and the zombie, with origins in Afro-Caribbean mythology, have both undergone significant transformations in global culture, proliferating as deviant representatives of the zeitgeist.As this volume demonstrates, distribution of vampires and zombies across time and space has revealed these undead figures to carry multiple meanings. Of all monsters, vampires and zombies seem to be the trendiest--the most regularly incarnate of the undead and the monsters most frequently represented in the media and pop culture. Moreover, both figures have experienced radical reinterpretations. If in the past vampires were evil, blood-sucking exploiters and zombies were brainless victims, they now have metamorphosed into kinder and gentler blood-sucking vampires and crueler, more relentless, flesh-eating zombies. Although the portrayals of both vampires and zombies can be traced back to specific regions and predate mass media, the introduction of mass distribution through film and game technologies has significantly modified their depiction over time and in new environments. Among other topics, contributors discuss zombies in Thai films, vampire novels of Mexico, and undead avatars in horror videogames. This volume--with scholars from different national and cultural backgrounds--explores the transformations that the vampire and zombie figures undergo when they travel globally and through various media and cultures"--
Managing the body : beauty, health, and fitness in Britain 1880-1939
Melancholic migrating bodies in contemporary Polish women's writing
Born again bodies : flesh and spirit in American Christianity
Somatechnics : queering the technologisation of bodies
Body studies : the basics
The tangible in music : the tactile learning of a musical instrument
What is a body? What are our perceptions of our inner bodies? How are these perceptions influenced? In recent years, thinking about the body has become highly fashionable. However, the renewed focus, while certainly welcome, seems to always end at the corporeal surface. While recent sociological and feminist theory has made important claims about the process of cultural inscription on the body, and about the cultural representation of the body, what actually appears in this new theory seems to be, ironically, disembodied. If this newly theorized form has interiority, it is one that is explained predominantly through psychoanalysis. The physiological processes remain a mystery to be explained, if at all, only in the esoteric language of biomedicine. As a trained biologist, Lynda Birke was frustrated by the gap between feminist cultural analysis and her own scientific background. In this book, she seeks to bridge this gap using ideas in anatomy and physiology to develop the feminist view that the biological body is socially and culturally constructed. Birke rejects the assumption that bodily function is somehow fixed and unchanging, claiming that biology offers more than just a deterministic narrative of how nature works. Feminism and the Biological Body brings natural science and feminist theory together and suggests that we need a new politics that includes, rather than denies, our flesh.
Buddhism and the formation of the religious body : a Foucauldian approach
Religion and the subtle body in Asia and the West : between mind and body
Does the body matter? : determining the right to asylum and the corporeality of political communication
Made flesh : sacrament and poetics in post-Reformation England
Embodied knowledge : historical perspectives on belief and technology
The phenomenology of embodied subjectivity
Text-actor's body-expression : playing with a foreing language on stage
Body studies : an introduction
Invisible Boy : the making of contemporary masculinities
The religion of thinness
Great apes
"Nymphomania - organic disease, psychological disorder, legal construct, and locker-room joke. Throughout history, it's been all these and more. Today images of sexually available women permeate our culture, and curiosity about nymphomania appears to be as insatiable as the stereo-typical nymphomaniac herself." "Carol Groneman follows the idea of nymphomania over the last two hundred years, unraveling questions about how much is too much sex for women - and who decides."--Jacket
Corporal knowledge : early Christian bodies
Impolitic bodies : poetry, saints, and society in fifteenth-century England : the work of Osbern Bokenham
Body work in health and social care : critical themes, new agendas
Learning bodies
Body and hope : a constructive interpretation of recent eschatology by means of the phenomenology of the body
The body and desire in contemporary Irish poetry
The concept of the body in Chinese and Indian bodily practices : transformation, perspective, and ethics
The metrosexual guide to style : a handbook for the modern man
Issues surrounding birth and death have been fundamental for Western philosophy as well as for individual existence. The contributors to this volume unravel the gendered aspects of the classical philosophical discourses on death, bringing in discussions about birth, creativity, and the entire chain of human activity. By linking their work to major thinkers such as Heidegger, Nietzsche, Beauvoir, and Arendt, and to major philosophical currents such as ancient philosophy, existentialism, phenomenology, and social and political philosophy, they challenge prevailing feminist articulations of birth and death. These philosophical reflections add an important sexual dimension to current thinking on identity, temporality, and community.
Mimesis, poiesis, and performativity in education
Promised bodies : time, language, & corporeality in medieval women's mystical texts
Broken and whole : essays on religion and the body
The body : social and cultural dissections
Commun(icat)ing bodies : body as a medium in religious symbol systems
The female body in early Buddhist literature
Michel Foucault refers to 1965-1970 as, in philosophical terms, 'the five brief, impassioned, jubilant, enigmatic years'. This book reinterprets Jacques Derrida's work from this period, most especially in L'Écriture et la Différence (Writing and Difference), and argues that a transformation takes place here which has been marginalized in readings of his work to date. Irwin follows with a look at how the 'grammatological opening' becomes crucial for Derrida's work in the 1970s and beyond, incorporating one of his last readings of embodiment from 2000. By drawing our attention to the politics of desire and sexuality, this groundbreaking book engages with the work of key continental theorists, including Artaud, Bataille, Nietzsche, Heidegger, Habermas and Cixous, whilst also examining Derrida's relationship with Plato and feminist theory. It will appeal to a wide range of readers within the social sciences and philosophy, particularly those with interests in gender and sexuality, social theory, continental thought, queer studies and literary theory.
A concise Chinese-English dictionary for lovers
The art of the body : antiqvity and its legacy
Body of knowledge : an introduction to body/mind psychology
Mysterious skin : male bodies in contemporary cinema
Reading vampire gothic through blood : bloodlines
The resilient female body : health and malaise in twentieth-century France
Jacques Lacan claimed that his theory of feminine sexuality, including the infamous proposition, "the Woman does not exist," constituted a revision of his earlier work on "the ethics of psychoanalysis." In Imagine There's No Woman, Joan Copjec shows how Freud's ragtag, nearly incoherent notion of sublimation was refashioned by Lacan to become the key term in his ethics. To trace the link between feminine being and Lacan's ethics of sublimation, Copjec argues, one must take the negative proposition about the woman's existence not as just another nominalist denunciation of thought's illusions about the existence of universals, but as recognition of the power of thought, which posits and gives birth to the difference of objects from themselves. While the relativist position currently dominant insists on the difference between my views and another's, Lacan insists on this difference within the object I see. The popular position fuels the disaffection with which we regard a world in a state of decomposition, whereas the Lacanian alternative urges our investment in a world that awaits our invention.
Controlling corporeality : the body and the household in ancient Israel
A cultural history of the human body in the Age of Empire
Nymphomania : a history
Reinventing the body, resurrecting the soul : how to create a new self
"Beginning with the view that human consciousness is essentially embodied and that the way we consciously experience the world is structured by our bodily dynamics and surroundings, the book argues that emotions are a fundamental manifestation of our embodiment, and play a crucial role in self-consciousness, moral evaluation, and social cognition"--
Bodies at risk : an ethnography of heart disease
Body, epistemology, interpretation : Friedrich Nietzsche and Karl Kerényi
Bicultural bodies : a study of South Asian American women's literature
