http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4005 body
body
From Hogarth to Rowlandson : medicine in art in eighteenth-century Britain
Blood, bones and body bits
In many religious traditions bodily practices, that is ritual actions that make use of the body and have a body-related goal, have evolved. Such practices are especially well developed in South- and East Asian traditions, where they have reached a great complexity in Hatha Yoga or in Daoist meditation. This shows that the human body has a major role to play in religions, which is something that is too often overlooked. Several qualities are attributed to the human body in religious thought systems that may be both positive and negative and in the ritual a framework is created that enables to transform the negative qualities into positive ones – for example, in a purification ritual the unpure body or condition is converted into a pure one. Not only singular qualities may be changed in the bodily practices but the whole body. Such a transformation of the body that aims to transcend the limits of the ordinary human body, can be a religious goal in its own right. The bodily practices of self transformation are based on the idea of the body as something unstable and changeable. In the premodern religious thought the body is more than a biological entity. It is a midpoint between a person and the society and the world that finds itself in a constant process of re-construction. It follows that the identity of a person is strongly tied to the body which is in turn related to how a person acts on a daily basis and to whom one is connected to.
Carnival of shadows
Virtual afterlives : grieving the dead in the twenty-first century
Dance and media -together apart : creative potentials of technology for dance
Subtle body : essence and shadow
Philosophy of mind
Between the state and the church : Nicaraguan women's reproductive and the promotion of human rights in the Finnish development
I contain multitudes : the microbes within us and a grander view of life
The body and the self
Flesh and stone : the body and the city in Western civilization
Studies in the Psychology of Sex / vol. 1. The Evolution of Modesty, the Phenomena of Sexual Periodicity, Auto-Erotism
Complete detox workbook : 2-day, 9-day and 30-day makeovers to cleanse and revitalize your life
An intimate distance : women, artists and the body / Rosemary Betterton
Angel detox : taking your life to a higher level through releasing emotional, physical, and energetic toxins
The Mao case
An introduction to the human skeletal system, explaining how the 206 bones of the skeleton join together, how they grow, how they help make blood, what happens when they break, and how they mend.
The human body
The body in tourism
Abstract.
Differences in medicine : unraveling practices, techniques, and bodies
Anatomies : the human body, its parts and the stories they tell
Male trouble : a crisis in representation
The concept of the body in Chinese and Indian bodily practices : transformation, perspective, and ethics
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Bodies of work : essays
Bodies and machines
Out of your mind : the links between brain and body
Corps mystique, corps sacré : textual transfigurations of the body from the Middle Ages to the seventeenth century
Semantics and the body : meaning from Frege to the postmodern
Making sense of the teenage body : :  sociological perspectives on girls, changing bodies and knowledge
Gray matters : an introduction to the philosophy of mind
You will die : the burden of modern taboos
Contested bodies
Me and my body
Bodies in pieces : fantastic narrative and the poetics of the fragment
A dark and twisted tide
Brains, bodies, guts and stuff
The mind-body problem : an opionated introduction
My first book of the human body
Modern oralities : a cultural topology of the consuming body : summary of the article-dissertation The corporeality of consumption
Techno-human : expedition of altered human by technology from science-fiction cinema to the post-industrial world
The Usborne big book of the body
The body, schooling and culture
Constructing an ideal female body : a study of a women's magazine
ABC's of the human body : a family answer book
The contemporary deathbed : the ultimate rush
Unveiling illusion : How does the actor (and thus theatre) relate to illusion and its emergence?
Anatomy of gender : women's struggle for the body
The good body : asceticism in contemporary culture
The human achievement chapter
Body and mind : readings in philosophy
Not just any body and soul : health, well-being and excellence in dance
Choreography of touches, glances and movements between hosts and assistans on television
Urban mindfulness : cultivating peace, presence & purpose in the middle of it all
The skin ego
Color atlas of anatomy : a photographic study of the human body
Minding the body : women writers on body and soul
Horrid Henry's bodies : a horrid factbook
Cassey Ho's hot body year-round : the pop pilates plan to get slim, eat clean, and live happy through every season
Painted bodies : by forty-five artists
The Skeleton inside you
Total detox plan : cleanse and revitalise your system and see the difference in seven days
How to solve the mind-body problem
Bodies and voices : the force-field of representation and discourse in colonial and postcolonial studies
This is not a manipulation : authentic bodies in digital image
Convict conditioning : how to bust free of all weakness - using the lost secrets of supreme survival strength
Le corps et ses images dans l'Europe du dix-huitième siècle = The body and its images in eighteenth-century Europe
The mind-body problem : a psychobiological approach
Natural symbols : explorations in cosmology
Vow! I didn't know that! : surprising facts about the human body
Dr Frankenstein's human body book : the monstrous truth about how your body works
The Human Body : A visual  guide to  human anatomy
The artist's body
Firms abs flat tummy
Bodies moving and moved : a phenomenological analysis of the dancing subject and the cognitive and ethical values of dance art
Matter and memory
Body of wisdom : women's spiritual power and how it serves
The make-up book : the official guide to make-up at levels 2 and 3
Human body : a book with guts!
A journey through the human body
Mind over medicine : scientific proof you can heal yourself
Substance among other categories
1,001 facts about the human body
Pilates : exercises and inspirations for well-being
Detox drinks with juice fasting detoxification & fat burning smoothies : 30 fat burning & detoxification recipes & superfoods like vitality boosting beet juice, apple cider vinegar, wheatgrass, coconut water, ginger root, kefir, cacao, beta carotene & more
Orlan : ceci est mon corps...ceci est mon logiciel... = this is my body...this is my software..
The Greek body
The context of self : a phenomenological inquiry using medicine as a clue
The emergence of consciousness
Body image : understanding body dissatisfaction in men, women, and children
Stately bodies : literature, philosophy, and the question of gender
A cold and lonely place : a novel
The beauty detox solution : eat your way to radiant skin, renewed energy, and the body you've always wanted
Angel Detox : taking your life to a higher level through releasing emotional, physical and energetic toxins
Self comes to mind : constructing the conscious brain
Performing femininity : rewriting gender identity
Medicine and the body
Historically, the female body has been enshrined as an aesthetic object. It has been associated with nature, sin, and danger. It has been reduced to gynecology and blamed for women's inferior status. This collection of seventeen essays covers a wide range of women's studies topics that are related directly to the portrayal of the female body. Contributors focus on links between cultural representation and the physical treatment of women. Following an introductory discussion of perspectives on "the body" as raised by feminist theorists, part one of the volume explores the ways men have represented women's bodies in art, literature, historical writing, religion, and in popular culture. Part two addresses problems associated with the physical treatment of women by those within the field of medicine, the practice of social policy, and the practice of law. Part three focuses on the recent women's struggle to reclaim control of their bodies by creating their own definitions and representations and, in the process, to proclaim their own intimate knowledge of themselves as women.
Uniform Justice
Corpus
Care or control of the self? : Norbert Elias, Michel Foucault, and the subject in the 21st century
Body art : the total guide to body decoration
Body lore and laws
Handbook of physical measurements
Coming to our senses : body and spirit in the hidden history of the West
The body and social psychology
Incredible human body
Raw food detox for health & vitality : includes an energizing 5-day plan to kick start a healthier you
The body in sculpture
Differences in body image between psychosomatics and non-psychosomatics
Speaking from among the bones : a Flavia de Luce novel
Learning bodies
Victim without a face
The complete idiot's guide to anatomy
Embodied minds in action
The nude male : a new perspective
The alkaline cleanse : a seven-day detox
Old forgotten mummies from North and South
Discourse and the construction of society : comparative studies of myth, ritual, and classification
Minds and bodies : an introduction with readings
Body and soul
Bodies of knowledge : the psychological signifiance of the nude in art
The learning to love yourself workbook
Breathing flesh : conceptions of the body in the ancient Egyptian coffin texts
The way of Qigong : the art and science of Chinese energy healing
The body in dance : modes of inquiry : paradigms for viewing artistic work and scientific inquiry
Trail guide to the body : a hands-on guide to locating muscles, bones and more
The artificial body in fashion and art : marionettes, models and mannequins
Banking on the body : the market in blood, milk, and sperm in modern America
The Philosophy of body
Rethinking disability : bodies, senses, and things
Re-embodied : young women, the body quest and agency in the culture of appearances
The use of bodies
About your body
Coming to our senses : healing ourselves and the world through mindfulness
The wellness syndrome
Adventures in human being
Textual bodies : changing boundaries of literary representation
Mind-body identity theories
The body : a very short introduction
Making national bodies : cultural identity and the politics of the body in (post-)revolutionary America
Clothed in the body : asceticism, the body, and the spiritual in the late antique era
Altered carbon
Aristotle on mind and the senses : proceedings of the Seventh Symposium Aristotelicum
Framing cosmologies : the anthropology of worlds
Reinventing the body, resurrecting the soul : how to create a new self
The sweetness at the bottom of the pie
Mind, brain, and the quantum : the compound 'I'
The universe inside you : the extreme science of the human body from quantum theory to the mysteries of the brain
Chiasms : Merleau-Ponty's notion of flesh
Trilogical metaphysics. Vol.1, Liberation of being
This book lets us peer into the world of microbes -- not as germs to be eradicated, but as invaluable parts of our lives -- allowing us to see how ubiquitous and vital microbes are: they sculpt our organs, defend us from disease, break down our food, educate our immune systems, guide our behavior, bombard our genomes with their genes, and grant us incredible abilities. While much of the prevailing discussion around the microbiome has focused on its implications for human health, Yong broadens this focus to the entire animal kingdom, prompting us to look at ourselves and our fellow animals in a new light: less as individuals and more as the interconnected, interdependent multitudes we are. I Contain Multitudes is the story of extraordinary partnerships between the familiar creatures of our world and those we never knew existed. It will change both our view of nature and our sense of where we belong in it. --
My head-to-toe body book
The self and its brain
Body and flesh : a philosophical reader
Health in Southern Finland : bioarchaeological analysis of 555 skeletons excavated from nine cemeteries (11th-19th century AD)
Beyond physicalism
Why most birds are small – a macro-ecological approach to the evolution of avian body size
Posthumous meditations : a dialogue in three acts
The human body : a visual guide to human anatomy
Why people don't heal and how they can
The holographic canvas : the fusing of mind and matter
Yoga and body image : 25 personal stories about beauty, bravery & loving your body
The human body book
Asylum seekers, sovereignty, and the senses of the international : a politico-corporeal struggle
A materialist theory of the mind
Giorgio Agamben's Homo Sacer was one of the seminal works of political philosophy in recent decades. It was also the beginning of a series of interconnected investigations of staggering ambition and scope, investigating the deepest foundations of Western politics and thought. The Use of Bodies represents the ninth and final volume in this twenty-year undertaking, breaking considerable new ground while clarifying the stakes and implications of the project as a whole. It comprises three major sections. The first uses Aristotle's discussion of slavery as a starting point for radically rethinking notions of selfhood; the second calls for a complete reworking of Western ontology; and the third explores the enigmatic concept of "form-of-life," which is in many ways the motivating force behind the entire Homo Sacer project. Interwoven between these major sections are shorter reflections on individual thinkers (Debord, Foucault, and Heidegger), while the epilogue pushes toward a new approach to political life that breaks with the destructive deadlocks of Western thought. The Use of Bodies represents a true masterwork by one of our greatest living philosophers.
Persons and bodies : a constitution view
