http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4015 observatories
observatories
Ionospheric absorption data from Finland
The Einstein Tower : an intertexture of dynamic construction, relativity theory, and astronomy
Magnetic results from Nurmijärvi Geophysical Observatory, 1990.
Stellar evolution : an exploration from the observatory
Greenwich Observatory : the royal observatory at Greenwich and Herstmonceux 1675-1975. 3, The buildings and instruments
Stephen Biesty's incredible cross-sections
Guide for magnetic measurements and observatory practice
Bibliography of astronomical publications at the University of Helsinki Observatory and Astrophysics Laboratory 1815-1984
Report of the activities of the Sodankylä geophysical observatory for 1962
History of astronomy in Finland 1828-1918
The 3rd Mexico-Korea Conference on Astrophysics : telescopes of the future and San Pedro Mártir : México D.F., México, noviembre 8-11, 2005
Magnetic results from Nurmijärvi Geophysical Observatory 1986
Ionospheric data from Sodankylä, Finland
Geomagnetic, ionospheric and auroral data from Finland : monthly bulletin
Cultural heritage of astronomical observatories : from classical astronomy to modern astrophysics : proceedings of the International ICOMOS Symposium in Hamburg, October 14-17, 2008
Magnetic results from Nurmijärvi Geophysical Observatory 1989.
The Chang'E-1 topographic atlas of the moon
Underground facilities : experience, design, realisation
The heavens on earth : observatories and astronomy in nineteenth-century science and culture
The Sodankylä geophysical observatory in 1973
The applicability of search-coil and flux-gate magnetometers in measuring Pc 3 pulsations
Studying faraway galaxies
Europe to the stars : ESO's first 50 years of exploring the southern sky
The history of radio astronomy and the National Radio Astronomy Observatory : evolution toward big science
A short history of the Sodankylä geophysical observatory
Abstract: Report of the working group for megaprojects in astronomy.
The astronomical observatories of Jai Singh
First light : the search for the edge of the universe
Magnetic results from Nurmijärvi geophysical observatory 1987.
Proceedings of the Nordic Astronomy Meeting, September 3-5, 1984
The sun in the church : cathedrals as solar observatories
Home is where your passion is
Magnetic results from Nurmijärvi Geophysical Observatory 1988.
Astronomie a Klementinum = Astronomy and Clementinum
Bibliography of the geophysical observatories Sodankylä
Sawai Jai Singh and his astronomy
The jewel on the mountaintop : fifty years of the European Southern Observatory
This atlas is based on the lunar global Digital Elevation Models (DEM) of Chang'E-1 (CE-1), and presents CCD stereo image data with digital photogrammetry. The spatial resolution of the DEM in this atlas is 500m, with horizontal accuracy of 192m and vertical accuracy of 120m. Color-shaded relief maps with contour lines are used to show the lunar topographical characteristics. The topographical data gathered by CE-1 can provide fundamental information for the study of lunar topographical, morphological and geological structures, as well as for lunar evolution research.
Magnetic results from Nurmijärvi Geophysical Observatory 1985.
Lighthouse of the skies : the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory: background and history 1846-1955
UKSTU handbook : the U. K. Schmidt telescope unit of the Royal observatory
Helsingin observatorio
