http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p401 performances
performances
Rudolf Nureyev's The nutcracker = Der Nussknacker = Casse-Noisette
Film review. 2004-2005
Shakespeare without class : misappropriations of cultural capital
The troupe
Shakespeare and modern theatre : the performance of modernity
A chronology of opera performances at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg, 1860-1917. Book 2
Bach ; O corpo
Film review. 2002-2003 : including video releases and websites
Giselle : ballet in two acts
The Roman games : a sourcebook
Successful presenting in a week
Shakespeare survey : an annual survey of Shakespearian study & production. 2, Shakespearian production
Improve your communication skills
"By their Majesties' command" : the house of Hanover at the London theatres, 1714-1800
English summary.
Making sense : a student's guide to research and writing in engineering and the technical sciences
Casting directors' secrets : inside tips for successful auditions
Performing religion in public
The stone flower : ballet in three acts
"Welcome to the Centria of the universe" : a concert in cooperation with Musikcafé After Eight
Adobe Photoshop Lightroom : photographers' guide
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
The Shakespeare effect : a history of twentieth-century performance
Is it something I said?
Pocket book of technical writing for engineers and scientists
Swan lake : ballet in two acts
Shakespeare and his contemporaries in performance
Brecht : Mother Courage and her children
Mapping the Body, Embodying the Map: A corporeal taxonomy into a topographical transformation at the  border of Nicosia is a project realized along and across the buffer zone within the Venetian walls of Nicosia, the  capital city of Cyprus.  The focus of this project is the area that divides the city into two parts and it has been mentioned as buffer zone,  green line, borderline, dividing line, dead zone and many more. This restricted area has activated not only  physical barriers for people but also caused emotional and mental restrain.  The motivation is my wish to reveal the significance of this area and uncover the impact it creates on the body:  physical, mental and emotional. Also my intention is to deform and reconstruct the psychophysical perceptions of  the dividing line through artistic means.  The approach and method of working consists of artistic research, and a practical and theoretical framework. I  have used live performance as my creative technique to realize a series of site-specific performance interventions  along and across the Nicosia buffer zone in order to generate knowledge about that area, examined in my research.  In addition, the written part of this project includes a description and analysis of my artistic work at the border,  supported with theories focusing mainly on José Esteban Muñoz's work, “Disidentifications” (1999) and Sarah  Pink's “Doing Sensory Ethnography” (2009).  This thesis project questions: How the conventional idea of the border and its solidified historicity can be  transformed to a new perception through performing, while bringing a psychophysical transformation to this  experience? To come to an answer, the body is used as a tool to create live actions and the Nicosia border is used  as a site to be experienced through non covnentional ways. Finally, the outcome is an experiential mapping, which  is shaped while the body is used to measure, archive, experience and re-experience, and therefore memorize the  border anew.
Film review. 1996-97 : including video releases
Dance production handbook, or, Later is too late
Shakespeare dancing : a theatrical study of the plays
Performance and literature in the commedia dell'arte
British and Irish dramatists since World War II. 3, Third series
Masters of Russian ballet : Mastera russkogo balleta
On the structure of the scenic encounter
The stage manager's toolkit : templates and communication techniques to guide your theatre production from first meeting to final performance
The joy of opera
Howls, raps & roars : Recordings from the San Francisco poetry renaissance
What does it mean to be expressive in music performance across diverse historical and cultural domains? What are the means at the disposal of a performer in various time periods and musical practice conventions? What are the conceptualisations of expression and the roles of performers that shape expressive performance? This book brings together research from a range of disciplines that use diverse methodologies to provide new perspectives and formulate answers to these questions about the meaning, means, and contextualisation of expressive performance in music. The contributors to this book explore expressiveness in music performance in four interlinked parts. Starting with the philosophical and historical underpinnings crucially relevant for Western classical musical performance it then reaches out to cross-cultural issues and finally focuses the attention on various specific problems, including the teaching of expressive music performance skills. The overviews provide a focussed and comprehensive account of the current state of research as well as new developments and a prospective of future directions.
A chronology of opera performances at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg, 1860-1917. Book 1
Taking it to the bridge : music as performance
Practical drama and theatre arts
Reporting results : a practical guide for engineers and scientists
Robert Wilson
Moving in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance : ways of working and facilitating
Hamlet the sign : Russian translations of Hamlet and literary canon formation
Productization of a Web Service : PREPD Presentation Tool
Film review. 2000-2001 : including video releases
From a South African Passion Play to Turkish Sufi tourism, from contemporary street preaching in America to public Hindu rites in India, from cloistered prayer in 17th century France to the queer politics of 'the closet' today, Performing Religion in Public brings together an international array of voices that grapple with the important role of religious performance in our secular public lives. Because traditional notions of the public sphere have emphasized rational discourse in a secular setting, religion has often been excluded. But religious life is not impersonal argument; rather, it is passionately performed, crossing boundaries between public and private, the personal and the political, and claiming a significant role in modern democracies, from everyday cultural interactions to political advocacy. By focusing on the performative nature of both religion and publics, this timely volume offers a fresh and fruitful re-conception of the relationship between religion and the public sphere.
First nights at the opera
Expressiveness in music performance : empirical approaches across styles and cultures
Classic album collection plus
Piano performance in a semiotic key : society, musical canon and novel discourses
Ivan the Terrible : ballet in two acts
A midsummer night's dream
Creating a musically expressive performance : a study of vocalists' use of emotions in performance preparation
Who are you?
The Parsons Dance Company
Reads his poetry
Film review. 2005-2006
Swan Lake : ballet in one prlologue and four acts
The end of early music : a period performer ́s history of music for the twenty-first century
Camtasia Studio 5 : the definitive guide
Guide to producing a fashion show
Tchaikovsky ballet masterpieces : extracts from Sleeping beauty, Swan lake & The nutcracker
Cinderella = Cendrillon : ballet in two acts = ballet en deux actes
Clementine Rose and the ballet break-in
Shakespeare, the theatrical dimension
The presentation coach : bare knuckle brilliance for every presenter
How to write & illustrate a scientific paper
Wear and tear statistics : tools to analyse wear on engine components
This text consists of two parts, with an introduction and an epilogue. In the first part I discuss the notion of landscape briefly. In the second part I describe an example of a practice of performing landscape and discuss some of its aspects that might be useful for understanding or developing related practices. Finally, as an epilogue, I take up the question of how to speak of the environment.
The family that plays together... (gets on each other's nerves)
Three ballets by Kenneth Macmillan
Film hits
[Studio]. 3, Elokuvan vuosikirja 1957 : vuoden 1956 ensiesitykset Helsingissä = Filmens årsbok 1957 : filmpremiärerna i Helsingfors år 1956 : the Finnish film to-day
The rehearsal
Designing the conversation : techniques for successful facilitation
The three amigos : hillitön!
Graphical representation of sound trademarks - past, present and future
Rooms with a view : the stages of community in the modern theater
Performing Shakespeare in the age of empire
The Nutcracker : ballet in two acts = Casse-noisette = Der Nussknacker = Lo Schiaccianoci
Staging stigma : a critical examination of the American freak show
In this research I'm moving and exploring in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance. The  research is structured by choosing one performance which functions as a documented snippet of an ongoing interdisciplinary  improvisation practice and is a vehicle to analyse what sort of skills and knowledge enable and are  developed in that specific ongoing practice. I map out the validity of those skills and knowledge in relationship to  a dancer's know-how in a new paradigm of performing arts, as well as how to facilitate them and what sort of  philosophical and ethical notions and issues arise in such a facilitation process. The mode of this thesis is practicebased  art-pedagogical research.  I'm proposing that the skills and knowledge that enable inter-disciplinary improvisation, and that are  simultaneously developed in the practice, are a dancer's self–reflection and decision making process; a dancer's  own research and awareness of senses and perceptions; the awareness of interaction of performer(s) and audience  during a performance situation and the collaborative approaches towards learning and creating artistic work.  These skills and knowledge share similar terrain with the skills and knowledge of a dancer in a new paradigm of  performing arts, including the new paradigm of contemporary dance, defined by a performative shift.  In addition to these, what can be specifically drawn from inter-disciplinary improvisation practice is a dancer's  awareness of her/his inherent concepts that frame her/his perception in working situations, as well as discipline  specific inherent working practices and terminology that are taken as a given, yet come up for discussion and  reflection through inter-disciplinary work.  I'm proposing that these skills and knowledge can be facilitated and developed through dialogical and critical  pedagogical approaches that take in consideration notions of freedom, responsibility, artistic ownership, artistic  integrity, as well as a notion of wider socio-political landscapes that the work exists in.  In terms of practice based working methods that can facilitate this sort of skills and knowledge, there are many  routes. One possible way are the inter-disciplinary working methods introduced in this thesis, that emphasize  action-research based working cycles, working collaboratively both within a group, as well as in co-facilitating and  approaching a facilitation process as a not-yet-known situation. This mode of working approaches a teacher as an  active researcher and facilitator, who also engages in a process of self-reflection and dialogue.
Successful presentation skills
Drama and dance in the christian church : 20 centuries, 20 classic productions
Fart and wiener jokes
The National : the theatre and its works 1963-1977
The designer's guide to presenting numbers, figures, and charts
The results-driven manager : presentations that persuade and motivate
Oops! Sorry, later just Oops! was a group practice of micro-events and animation for 4 persons that took place in 2009 in the public spaces of Helsinki. It was also staged as a performance production and presented at the Theatre Academy in November 2010. The entire process was circling around a situation of lapsus (a lapse, slip, faux pas). We used lapsus to experiment with cooperation, which is not based on sympathy or consensus. I chose lapsus for its sensual-emotional complexity and immediacy, to be an occasion for alternatives in self-organizing and collective co-emergence. I chose to do research, not through affirmation of any exact alternative or potentiality of alternative, but by inhabiting a state of disruption. I asked people who share my affection for moments of lapse or ones to whom those moments happen frequently to join the project. We were working through combining mechanical and organic processes of dialogue, exchange and production. Methods and tools used in this practice were: lapse, parody, mockery, inconsistency, reanimation and personal resistance.  The main reason to initiate this research was to try out a process that would embrace a condition of fuzzy, fractalized and flexible precarious work structure in cognitive production with its possible collapses. As an event producer in an age of commodification of time, experience and event I decided to play with this structure and to invite a lapsus as a moment of disruption; to see how do we get out from there. Does a collapse produce stiffening or a reinvention of the norm? I see in a lapse an everyday practice of letting go of self-control. Letting go of the constant creation of my face, body and personality as something to be looked at. Letting go of one's own desire to look good. The event of a lapse never fails me. It always works. It always disrupts the consistency of emotions, production, play, drama and interpretation. I believe in tools that are not pretty. A lapse is anti-aesthetical. It disrupts aesthetics, any order and any structure of representation and meaning.  In the written part of my thesis I write about the conceptual base for the Oops! project. The concept of Oops! relates mainly to Giorgio Agamben's idea of parody and it's coexistence with fiction, Paolo Virno's concept of joke as a diagram for innovatory action in public, Félix Guattari's minor notions of lapse in Chaosmosis, and Richard's Schechner's idea of dislocation (not-not-me) relating again with Agamben's concept of remnant. Through this theoretical background I try to make sense and formulate my idea of lapse as a fallacy, micro collapse and minor event of the every day, a momentary state of dealing with the possibility of becoming both, a joke or a failure.  After that I depict what we intended to do with Oops! the plan I wrote before we started to work and during the practice. This part contains a description of the background for the work and the research, how did the group come together and how did it sustain itself for the period of the work. I also describe my main method of working, the method of reanimation and how I have created this sort of prosthesis to deal with the documentary results of live action and with the live action producing documentary results.  Following that I talk about what actually happened in the process of Oops! I concentrate on the most interesting points. I describe the end result, the performance, and point out what was interesting in what we did and what I have found out conceptually and practically. I refer to Franco “Bifo” Berardi's writings on automatism, virtual time and the social consequences of increasingly immaterial labor, and describe surprises, reflections, touching moments and some tools or techniques developed and ready to be carried on.  At the end I draw some conclusions and present a short plan for my next attempt to work with lapse; as an appendix I am attaching the script for Oops!, a collection of concepts, scores and structures we followed on the way.  Throughout the entire text I relate to other artistic projects beside our Oops! project. In the case of the question of parody I refer to the piece by Jeremy Deller, Battle of Orgreave and the documentary of this work by Mike Figgis, both from 2001, also to a work by Yael Bartana from 2011, And Europe will be Stunned and to the film Attenberg from 2010, by Athina Rachel Tsangari. When talking about the method of reanimation and lapse I refer to Martin Arnold's Passage à l'acte from 1993, Jeremy Deller's piece again, my own previous works and Joan Jonas' pieces, Vertical Roll, 1972 and Reanimation, 2012.
Film review. 1997-98 : including video releases
Sarah Caldwell : the first woman of opera
Film review. 1995-96 : including video releases
Raymonda : ballet in three acts
Dido and Aeneas
Video as a Music Visualization Tool : Project: Aquatic System
The non-human and the inhuman in performing arts : bodies, organisms and objects in conflict : proceedings of Carpa4 - colloquium on artistic research in performing arts
Dance production : design and technology
Film review. 1990-91 : including video releases
Why is John Lennon wearing a skirt : and other stand-up theatre plays
Tales of Beatrix Potter
The routledge dance studies reader
Tchaikovsky ballet masterpieces : extracts from Sleeping Beauty, Swan lake & Nutcracker
Image ; Journey ; Ghost dances
Do's and taboos of public speaking : how to get those butterflies flying in formation
Peter and the wolf
Peony Pavilion onstage : four centuries in the career of a Chinese drama
Mapping the body, embodying the map : a corporeal  taxonomy into a topographical transformation at the  border of Nicosia
Poetic encounter : a hermeneutic journey into the microprocesses of performance art
Film review. 1998-99, including video releases
Film review. 1999-2000 : including video releases
Alice's adventures in Wonderland
Isadora Duncan dance : technique and repertory
Cinderella : ballet en deux actes : ballet in two acts = Cendrillon
How to display data
Presentations for dummies
Towards a poor theatre
Film review. 2003-2004 : includes video releases and websites
International super hits 6.
Step by step to stand-up comedy
The great mass : a ballet
Playing to the camera : musicians and musical performance in documentary cinema
Disco night
The best of The Bolshoi Ballet
Lord of the dance
Midnight sun
Sams teach yourself : OpenOffice.org 2, firefox and thunderbird for windows all in one
Swan lake : Ballet on two acts
The tale of a manor : dance drama
This scientific work concentrates on the question: How do relations between elements have to be set up so that a poetic encounter in public urban space can emerge? This thesis is based on two practical research projects Kallio my Kallio at the Theatre Academy Helsinki (held between 15th March and 15th May 2011) and The City of Dream and Futureii at Space MASS in Seoul (held between 1st September and 27th November 2011).    Two answer the research question I examined also the following questions in this text: how does the recipient encounter performance art in public urban space and vice versa?   How do people encounter poetic moments?   When does such a moment start, when does it end? What is a poetic moment? Does one have to be prepared for such a moment in order to be able to see it?  My first approach in this thesis is that of perception.   For me perception as a ground and starting basis of all cognition finds its true supreme discipline in artistic research.   My second approach is intervention as it is discussed under the term action in chapter two. I have defined this free space that is to be designed as a space of poetic encounter in chapter three.   For this, I use a social-poetical performance practice as a design tool, which I would like to introduce here as a contribution to the discussion on the way to a possible open city.    This thesis investigates visual prerequisites, eephemeral phenomena that enable a poetic encounter in public space to emerge and to be reflected in the mode of playing.  I have tried to figure out that through serious play an energetic space will be constituted in the streets of a district and that bymeans of this energetic space, the passers-by will get one more possibility to read the action.   Based on my personal belief that each human being is insular and cannot get out of that insularity, but that there are strog moments when somewhere finds an intersection with someone else,   when an idea of something enters the space, poetic encounter is possible in any situation and for anyone. You do not have to be prepared for such a moment, to encounter.
The transformation of Bartholomew Fortuno : a love story
Four classic albums plus bonus tracks
Performance
The world of theatre : an account of the theatre seasons 1996-97, 1997-98 and 1998-99
Storytelling made easy with puppets
Drama, performance, and polity in pre-Cromwellian Ireland
The culture of playgoing in Shakespeare's England : a collaborative debate
My first ballet collection
A room for three : an exercise in dramaturgical adaptation for puppet theatre
Dance theatre of Harlem
Performing Palestrina / from historical evidence to twenty-first century performance
Theatre under deconstruction? : a question of approach
O'Neill : Long day's journey into night
The impact of performance as research : proceedings of Carpa3 - colloquium on artistic research in performing arts
Hair : the musical
"Oops!" in public space : lapse as tool for social and political organization
Kaguyahime : the moon princess
Opera for lovers
Becoming juniper : performing landscape as artistic research
Successful presentations : for professionals who use English at work
Maisy's band : a Maisy pop-up-and-play book
Three ballets by Kenneth MacMillan : Elite syncopations, The Judas tree, Concerto
Ibsen: A doll's house
Great first nights : opera
Technical communication
The revisionist stage : American directors reinvent the classics
