http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4012 stages of life
stages of life periods of life
The food bible : the ultimate guide to all that's good and bad in the food we eat
Human growth and development
"Preface The intent of this book is to assist you in mastering nutritional cuisine! Chefs can serve great-tasting and nutritious foods. Ultimately, though, it is the consumer who will decide what to consume! This textbook is current with the new U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) ChooseMyPlate.gov and dietary guidelines! It is important to know that meals eaten away from home and prepared by chefs, or meals produced in the home by personal chefs, can each support a healthy lifestyle. Perhaps what a person makes for dinner is reservations! Love it! Please turn to the introduction for a detailed explanation of the organization of this book and how it serves both the lecture and laboratory portions of a typical nutrition class for culinary programs. As authors, we are both parents who each have a family to feed (although, in the case of Dr. Vaclavik, two children have now begun their own households and there are two grandchildren!). We are both college teachers working with nutrition in culinary arts, and we each have academic as well as "hands-on" training in foods and nutrition. Thanks are extended to CRC Press, our friendly and knowledgeable editor Randy Brehm (with whom Dr. Vaclavik has published in the past), and our current friendly and dedicated editor Stephen Zollo, who provided the opportunity to be a part of this culinary publication adventure! Appreciation goes to those individuals who have enthusiastically reviewed the text proposal and/or chapter material, including Chef Brenden Mesch, EdD, CEC, CCE, associate dean of academic affairs, the Art Institute of Dallas; Andres Ardisson Korat, MS (food science), MA (gastronomy), food scientist, Frito Lay R&D; and nutrition professor Carolyn Rogan, MS, RD, CSSD, LD"--
Life-span development : frameworks, accounts and strategies
Age management during the life course : proceedings of the 4th Symposium on Work Ability
Physiotherapy and the growing child
Handbook of life-course criminology : emerging trends and directions for future research
Access to resources in different age-cohorts : implications for activity level, loneliness and life satisfaction
From memory to mental health issues, this book considers changes in the brain as we grow older to examine how age impacts on how we think and behave. Focusing particularly on the effects of age on everyday cognitive functioning, this is essential reading for those studying adult development and the psychology of ageing.
You and your tween : managing the years from 9 to 13
Abstract.
Lifetime allocation of work and income : essays in the economics of aging
The gentle sleep book : a guide for calm babies, toddlers and pre-schoolers
Human development across the life span
A critical approach to human growth and development : a textbook for social work students and practitioners
Personal relationships across the lifespan
The developing person : through the life span
Teva seems normal. But at home she hides an impossible secret: 11 other Tevas. Because once a year, Teva splits into two, leaving a younger version of herself stuck at the same age, forced to watch the new Teva taking over her life. But at 16, Teva's had enough. She's going to fight for her future - even if that means fighting herself.
Inside lives : psychoanalysis and the growth of the personality
Journey across the life span : human development and health promotion
The seasons of a man's life
Language production across the life span
Human development across the life span : educational and psychological applications
Socioemotional development and health from adolescence to adulthood
Childhood and old age-- : equals or opposites?
Sophie Crumb : Evolution of a crazy artist
Lifelong engagement in sport and physical activity : participation and performance across the lifespan
The way of all flesh : a celebration of decay
Generativity and adult development : how and why we care for the next generation
Beauty evolution : a guide to a lifetime of beauty
Integrated curriculum and developmentally appropriate practice : birth to age eight
Building on the success of the 2003 Handbook of the Life Course, this second volume identifies future directions for life course research and policy. The introductory essay and the chapters that make up the five sections of this book, show consensus on strategic "next steps" in life course studies. These next steps are explored in detail in each section: Section I, on life course theory, provides fresh perspectives on well-established topics, including cohorts, life stages, and legal and regulatory contexts. It challenges life course scholars to move beyond common individualistic paradigms. Section II highlights changes in major institutional and organizational contexts of the life course. It draws on conceptual advances and recent empirical findings to identify promising avenues for research that illuminate the interplay between structure and agency. It examines trends in family, school, and workplace, as well as contexts that deserve heightened attention, including the military, the criminal justice system, and natural and man-made disaster. The remaining three sections consider advances and suggest strategic opportunities in the study of health and development throughout the life course. They explore methodological innovations, including qualitative and three-generational longitudinal research designs, causal analysis, growth curves, and the study of place. Finally, they show ways to build bridges between life course research and public policy.
Grade aid for Berk Development through the lifespan
Whose life is it anyway? : living through your 20s on your own terms
Lifespan development : resources, challenges and risks
Functional movement development across the life span
Human development in adulthood
Adolescent development in changing context
Harper's Bazaar fabulous at every age : your quick & easy guide to fashion
The early childhood curriculum : inquiry learning through integration
"The third edition of Developmental Cognitive Neuroscience presents a thorough updating and enhancement of the classic text that introduced the rapidly expanding field of developmental cognitive neuroscience. Includes the addition of two new chapters that provide further introductory material on new methodologies and the application of genetic methods in cognitive development. Includes several key discussion points at the end of each chapter. Features a greater focus on mid-childhood and adolescence, to complement the previous edition's emphasis on early childhood. Brings the science closer to real-world applications via a greater focus on fieldwork. Includes a greater emphasis on structural and functional brain imaging"--Provided by publisher.
Designed to counter-balance the conventional emphasis on religious and ritual functions, this collection of papers re-evaluates the political aspect of age systems in the context of national politics, civil and regional wars.
The early childhood curriculum
Fabulous at every age : your quick & easy guide to fashion
Development through the lifespan
The art of nutritional cuisine
Developmental psychology and you
Lifespan development
The fifty-plus market : why the future is age-neutral when it comes to marketing and branding
Understanding motor development : infants, children, adolescents, adults
Fashion theory : the journal of dress, body and culture
Stages in life
Psychology of change : contexts, experiences, and identities
Universal design for the home : great looking, great living design for all ages, abilities, and circumstances
Women as they age
The psychology of skill : a life-span approach
The magic years : understanding and handling the problems of early childhood
The defining decade : why your twenties matter-and how to make the most of them now
Religion in the developing personality : proceedings of the Second Academy Symposium 1958.
Attention deficit disorder : diagnosis and treatment from infancy to adulthood
Dearest memories : supporting early parenthood with new media
Transitions to adulthood in Europe
From thirty to seventy
An informative, introductory text which brings together psychological and sociological perspectives of human development. It highlights the connection between the internal, intimate concerns of individuals and the external social, economic and political orders that govern our lives, highlighting key stages and themes throughout the life course.
The psychology of ageing : an introduction
Conflict age & power in North East Africa : age systems in tradition
The effects of age, generation and period on turnout in Finland 1975-2003
A fresh map of life : the emergence of the third age
Suicide across the life span : premature exits
Handbook of the life course. Volume II
Working with adolescents and young adults : a contemporary psychodynamic approach
Ace of hearts
Of the research conducted on, about, and for women, little has focused on gender among elderly people. Is there a quality of life difference between elderly women and men? Does ageism affect older women more than their male counterparts? How can elderly women empower themselves to change inadequate living conditions? Considering these and other questions, Gender and Later Life examines how gender and class influence the well-being of people in later life and considers if these factors are more relevant than chronological age. The authors use a political economy perspective to integrate research on aging and gender and to provide a better understanding of gender differences in later life. Essential reading for those with interests in women's studies, social gerontology, medical sociology, and social policy. "The use of the political economic framework provides an enlightening, provocative foundation for understanding the issues of gender and aging. The insights provided into the life span dynamics of later life dependency are convincingly presented. The realistic conclusion derived from reading this very important book is that we can do little to respond to the issues of gender and aging until we have resolved gender, class, and racial inequities occurring across the life span.
Old dog, new tricks : understanding and retraining elderly and rescued dogs
Human development : an introduction to the psychodynamics of growth, maturity and ageing
Coming of age in America : growth and acquiescence
The handbook of lifespan communication
Portrait of an artist as an old man - a study of Evelyn Waugh in 1944 - 1966
Wise women : a celebration of their insights, courage, and beauty
Life-span perspectives on health and illness
The psychology of ageing : from mind to society
The generative society : caring for future generations
Human sexuality
More of me
Women's health : a practical guide to all the stages and ages of the female life cycle
Rights of passage : social change and the transition from youth to adulthood
Adolescence and adulthood : transitions and transformations
Where has my little girl gone? : how to protect your daughter from growing up too soon
Life-span development : concepts, theories and interventions
The neuroscience of risky decision making
Child and adolescent development for educators
Gender and later life : a sociological analysis of resources and constraints
What's next, Gen X : keeping up, moving ahead and getting the career you want
Developing minds : challenge and continuity across the life span
The Routledge international handbook of learning
Adult development and aging
Loneliness updated : recent research on loneliness and how it affects our lives
The teenage brain : a neuroscientist's survival guide to raising adolescents and young adults
Handbook of developmental psychology
Thinking about the lifecourse : a psychosocial introduction
Justice between the young and the old
Creativity : flow and the psychology of discovery and invention / Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi
Adolescence to adulthood : the re-emergence of social class differences in health?
Adult friendship
Aging and cognition : knowledge organization and utilization
Ace of Hearts is a multi protagonist drama about four unconventional women of different ages. The women end up living in the same apartment building in a suburb of a big city. As the women's lives interconnect, they change each other's destinies. LANA, 32, tries to support herself by playing poker. She drinks too much, sleeps around and takes polaroid pictures of her random hook-ups. Lana lives on her sailboat, because she can't settle down. TINKA, 12, is a smart, plumb, bullied girl who spends her nights standing in front of a mirror, praying God to make her thin. Over-controlling ISABEL, 60, is trapped in her life. Her husband MIKE, 65, is kind but won't have sex with her anymore. Isabel misses her daughter, who never visits them and only talks with Mike on the phone. HARRIET, 64, is Lana's mother. She has just discovered she has Alzheimer's. She hasn't seen Lana in eight years. The story begins when Harriet, who lives in the same building as Isabel and Tinka, tries to drown herself in her bathtub. Isabel, who lives downstairs of Harriet, wakes up when a drop of water hits her face. Lana is alerted to come back home to her mother, because Harriet can no longer take care of things on her own. The water penetrates everything and reveals what's true. The women must face change and grow out of the life they have constructed for themselves. But growth is not painless: it's raw and confusing, but beautiful still.
Incomplete acquisition in bilingualism : re-examining the age factor
Nutrition, health and disease : a lifespan approach
Differences between young and older adults in learning a foreign vocabulary
A multi-dimensional comparison of spoken and written registers produced by and for students
Development through life : a psychosocial approach
How to raise the perfect dog : through puppyhood and beyond
Adolescence in the life cycle : Psychological change and social context
Aging and sexuality : a study of active older adults
Exploring dimensions of age in young people's lives : a discourse analytical approach
Life-span human development
Mood disorders across the life span
