http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4020 milk products
milk products
Simply gluten-free & dairy-free : breakfasts, lunches, treats, dinners, desserts
Plant proteins in fermented milk products
Silage contains a number of potential hazards to the safety and quality of milk and dairy products. This paper reviews the present knowledge about silage as a source of (1) spores of anaerobic spore-formers (Clostridium species) and aerobic spore-formers (mainly Bacillus and Paenibacillus species), (2) the zoonotic pathogenic bacteria Listeria monocytogenes and Escherichia coli, and (3) mycotoxins. A distinction is made between field-derived mycotoxins, i.e. mycotoxins that are formed during growth of crops in the field, and ensilage-derived mycotoxins, i.e. mycotoxins that are formed after ensiling. The routes of transmission of these hazards from feed to milk, the effect of pasteurization of milk, and reduction strategies are discussed. Aerobic deterioration of silages is a major factor influencing levels of spores of both aerobic and anaerobic spore-formers, L. monocytogenes, and certain mycotoxins.
Ultrafiltration and reverse osmosis for the dairy industry
Journal of food protection
DairyNet : hygiene control in Nordic dairies
The animal trade
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 3, Cottage cheese and other cultured milk products
Nutrition composition tables of milk and dairy products = Nährwerttabellen für Milch und Milchprodukte = Tableaux des valeurs nutritives de lait et produits laitiers
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
Whey pretreatments before ultrafiltration
The technology of dairy products
The CAP reform : milk and milk products
Micronutrients in milk and milk-based food products
Marketing of the dairy products targeted at the weight management : competitor analysis for Valio Ltd's ProFeel
Proceedings of the 25th International Dairy Congress, Aarhus 21 - 24 September 1998. 2, Dairy science and technology
Summary.
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 1, The microbiology of milk
Butter, fermented milks and fresh cheese : enumeration of contaminating microorganisms : colony-count technique at 30 °C : ISO 13559 : IDF 153 : international standard
A colour guide to cheese and fermented milks
Cheese ripening and technology : abstracts of IDF Symposium held in Banff, Canada, March 2000.
Environmental improvements of the post-farm dairy chain : production management by systems analysis methods
Blood pressure lowering effects of Lactobacillus helveticus fermented milk containing bioactive peptides Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro : mechanistic, kinetic and clinical studies
The technology and manufacture of fermented milks : a collection of lectures about fermented milks held by the FAO in association with Finland
Specialty food (SF) is a rapidly growing market sector, with an annual growth rate of 8-10%. SF products accounted for 13.1% of all retail food sales in 2010, reaching $55.9 billion in sales. One hundred thirty-eight million American consumers (46%) are purchasing specialty foods. Although specialty food products are marketed widely, by now there is no standard definition on specialty foods. Consumers, even processors and regulators, are confused by the term specialty foods. Specialty foods are generally considered unique and high-value food items made in small quantities from high-quality ingredients that offer distinct features to targeted customers who pay a premium price for perceived benefits. Increased production and sale of SF has increased concerns on product quality and safety due to several potential hazards. Many questions in respect to how specialty foods are different from other food sectors, specific processing technologies, controls on quality and microbial safety, etc., remain unanswered. With extensive searching, the only two published books on the subject of specialty foods focus on business development and marketing of specialty foods. There is no technical book on specialty foods from the food science discipline available. This book will be the first technical book on specialty foods. It will first discuss the unique characteristics of specialty food, the market, and consumer demands and trends, and then focus on each of the major specialty food segments by covering the key processing technologies, equipment needed, and controls on quality and food safety of the products"--Preface.
Brined cheeses
The principles of modern dairy practice from a bacteriological point of view
Advanced dairy chemistry. Vol. 3, Lactose, water, salts and vitamins
Setting up a business plan for a small retailing business in China : case study: business plan for Ji Xiang milk retailing shop
Dairy bacteriology
Handbook of milkfat fractionation technology and applications
Fundamentals of dairy science
Milk products in the Finnish diet
Determination of phylloquinone and menaquinones in foods by HPLC
Proceedings of the 25th International Dairy Congress, Aarhus 21 - 24 September 1998. 4, International trade
Blood pressure lowering effects of Lactobacillus helveticus fermented milk containing bioactive peptides Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro
Texture of fermented milk products and dairy desserts : proceedings of the IDF Symposium, held in Vicenza, Italy, 5-6 May 1997
B. W. Hammer : panegyric
Silage and the safety and quality of dairy foods : a review
Engineering for dairy and food products
Bioactive components in milk and dairy products
Cheese problems solved
Mengniu's Rapid Growth from 1999 to 2006 : influences of competitive marketing strategy
Chemical contaminants in milk and milk products
Diet in early life and antibody responses to cow's milk and type 1 diabetes associated autoantigens
Cheesemaking practice
Strategy for dairy development in the tropics and subtropics
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
Valio Laboratory publications
Protein & fat globule modifications by heat treatment, homogenization & other technological means for high quality dairy products : proceedings of the IDF seminar held in Munich, Germany from 25 to 28 August 1992.
Surface components of Streptococcus lactis subsp. cremoris from viili
Changes to the EEC market organization for milk and milk products
Yoghurt : science and technology
Sheep and goats for diverse products and profits
Alkaline phosphatase activity inFinnish hard cheeses and milk products
Eggs, milk and cheese
Ice cream : proceedings of the International Symposium held in Athens, Greece, 18-19 September 1997
Modern dairy technology. Vol. 1, Advances in milk processing
Antibiotics and milk
Cheese technology
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
Immunological and biochemical tools for analysis of dairy starters, processes and products
Microbiology handbook : dairy products
Development of dietary probiotics : estimation of optimal Lactobacillus GG concentrations
Food and bio process engineering : dairy technology
New techniques in the analysis of foods
Principles of food sanitation
Agricultural review for Europe
Concentrated and dried dairy products
Fermentation of milk and cereal products by probiotic bacteria
Therapeutic properties of fermented milks
Employment generation through small-scale dairy marketing and processing : experiences from Kenya, Bangladesh and Ghana : a joint study
Aflatoxin M1 contamination in milk and dairy products ; Ability of dairy strains of lactic acid bacteria to bind aflatoxin M1 in a food model
The impact of storage conditions on the stability of Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG and Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis in breast milk
Specialty foods : processing technology, quality, and safety
Studies on the temperatures of Finnish milk and milk products at the different stages of milk treatment and their influence on the growth of Bacillus cereus in milk in particular
Handbook of food and beverage fermentation technology
Whey : proceedings of the second International Whey Conference, held in Chicago, USA, 27-29 October 1997
One perfect ingredient
Milk and milk products
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences
The yogurt cookbook
The milk fat globule : emulsion science as applied to milk products and comparable foods
The ice cream industry
Long term prospects : grains, milk and meat markets
Trade protection of Finnish dairy products and its effects on consumer welfare
Fermented milks and health : proceedings of a workshop held on September 25 and 26, 1989 at Arnhem, the Netherlands
Advanced dairy chemistry. 1, Proteins, part B
Mucosa IgA, mucosal cow's milk antibodies, serum cow's milk antibodies and gastrointestinal permeability in infants
Standard methods for the examination of dairy products
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
Dairy-based ingredients
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 2, The microbiology of milk products
Cheese : chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 2, Major cheese groups
Mechanisation and automation in dairy technology
Applied dairy microbiology
Standard methods for the examination of dairy products : microbiological and chemical
Cheese starters : development and application of the Lewis system
Beef Finland 2012 : a brief
Allergy-free cookbook
CAP working notes : 1995. Milk and milk products
Dairy processing handbook
Milk quality
Storey's guide to raising dairy goats
Nutrition labeling handbook
Cheese: chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 1, General aspects
Milk and milk products : enumeration of colony-forming units of yeasts and/or moulds : colony-count technique at 25 °C : ISO 6611 : IDF 094 : international standard
Cream processing manual
Dairy chemistry and biochemistry
Milk and dairy products in human nutrition
Advanced Dairy Chemistry. Vol. 3, Lactose, water, salts and minor constituents
Structure modification of sour milk products by transglutaminase
The ice cream & frozen yoghurt
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
Probiotic dairy products
Cheese and fermented milk foods
Modern microbiological methods for dairy products : proceedings of a seminar organized by the Comité Nacional Lechero (Spanish National Committee of IDF) in association with International dairy federation (IDF), Association of Official Analytical Chemists (AOAC), Federation of European Microbiological Societies (FEMS), International Union of Microbiological Societies (IUMS), Menendes Pelayo International University, Palacio de la Magdalena, Santander (Spain), 22-24 May 1989.
The significance of pathogenic microorganisms in raw milk
ValioPeople : [bringing taste to life - the Valio employee magazine]
Advanced Dairy Chemistry. Vol. 2, Lipids
Functional foods and nutraceuticals
Manufacturing yogurt and fermented milks
Drying milk and milk products
Milk and milk products : technology, chemistry and microbiology
Functional dairy products
Advanced dairy chemistry. Vol. 2, Lipids
"This book offers a comprehensive overview of the state of the art in sustainable dairy production, helping the industry to develop more sustainable dairy products, through new technologies, implementing life cycle analysis, and upgrading and optimization of their current production lines. It aims to stimulate process innovations, taking into account environmental, economic and public relations benefits for companies. Topics covered include: How to set up a sustainable production line How to quantify the carbon foot print of a dairy product by using life cycle analysis Current technologies to improve the carbon foot print What measures can be taken to reduce the global warming potential of the farm Reduction of water use in dairy production Marketing sustainable dairy products Bench marking of dairy products against other food products Potential future technological developments to improve the carbon foot print for the following decades "--
Foreign external business environment in the dairy and ice cream industry
The milk and dairy products market
Fundamentals of dairy chemistry
The occurrrence and diversity of yeasts in Zimbabwean traditional fermented milk and their potential use as starter cultures
Milk products in the Finnish diet compared with the Polish diet
Effect of milk coagulation properties of herd bulk milks on yield and composition of Emmental cheese
On the significance of amino acids for the taste of emmenthaler cheese
Dairy industry : inspection manual
Advanced dairy chemistry. Vol. 1, Proteins
Enzymes of psychrotrophs in raw food
Environmental systems analysis of dairy production
Ugandan indigenous fermented dairy products, with particular focus on ghee
Marguerite Patten's book of of fruit and vegetable cookery : and eggs, cheese, bacon, pickles, chutneys, jams, home-made wines
