http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4029 commerce
commerce
Bad samaritans : the guilty secrets of rich nations and the threat to global prosperity
Cases and materials on the law of sales and sales financing
THE INFLUENCE OF FOREIGN RETAIL INDUSTRY TO CHINA'S RETAIL INDUSTRY
Growing with China : MNC executives talk about China
Beginning ASP.NET e-commerce in C#
Retail patronage behavior : an empirical analysis of localshopping and outshopping behavior
The arms trade and international systems
Doing business in China
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2015:II
Retailers’ strategic responses to institutional pressures: the case of Finnish multinational retailers in Russia
Global bargaining : UNCTAD and the quest for a new international economic order
The effect of Russia’s accession to the WTO on Russian trade
Errors in trade classification : consequences and remedies
International trade : new patterns of trade, production & investment
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail? : case study of an agricultural commodity exchange
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
Contributions to international business : essays in honour of professor Jorma Larimo
Casebook on sale of goods
A short course in international negotiating : planning and conducting international commercial negotiations
Empire at the periphery : British colonists, Anglo-Dutch trade, and the development of the British Atlantic, 1621-1713
Transfer of technology for development : ICC statement to UNCSTD, United Nations Conference on Science and Technology for Development, Vienna 20-30 August 1979.
Foreign trade statistics based on value added challenge the traditional picture of international trade
Enhancing Staff & Educational Development [Ellibs-kirja]
Queen of silks
Research in international business and finance : studies i n the financial markets of the Pacific Basin. 11, Part A
Model for international trade of sawnwood using machine learning models
The international economy and the national interest
Finance of international trade
Bilateral terms of trade of selected countries from the South with the North and the South
Market research on Led Products in Finland : Case: Z-Sen Automatic Electric Co. Ltd.
Market potential for customised tools in the German engineering industry
Trade, status, population growth, and environment in developing countries
A short course in international marketing : approaching and penetrating the global marketplace
The Uruguay Round Agreement on agriculture and processed agricultural products
The E-commerce book : building the E-empire
Legal aspects of international trade
Trade Mindfully : achieve your optimum trading performance with mindfulness and cutting edge psychology
Boosting manufacturing firms' exports? : the role of trade facilitation in Africa
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of statistics. 2004:3
The Profitability of Technical Trading System in Vietnamese Stock Market
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
Easy money
Integration of transport and trade facilitation : selected regional case studies
European trade policy : disintegrating region
Emerging virus and viroid pathogen species identified for the first time in horticultural plants in Finland in 1997-2010
Sailing the wine-dark sea : international trade and the Late Bronze Age Aegean
Nights of awe
Small business enterprise : an economic analysis
Legal aspects of doing business in the Middle East
The international state : crafting a statewide trade development system
Barriers to world trade : a study of recent commercial policy
China's rhetoric and soft power towards the Portuguese-speaking countries : the case of Angola
Business documents of Murashû sons of Nippur dated in the reign of Ataxerxes I (464-424 B. C.)
Foreign Divestment in E-business : analysis of foreign market exit of Groupon and Lyyti
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
Seeds of terror : how drugs, thugs, and crime are reshaping the Afghan war
Handbook on procurement of paper and board : a practical guide for buyers
Economic integration and the elasticities of labour demand : econometric evidence fro Finland
Impacts of capacity remunerative mechanisms on cross-border trade
Marketing to the Russian tourists visiting Finland : case Kokemuskauppa.com
Sell in good company : social capital as a strategic tool in the fine art auction business
The importance of animal diseases for trade, food and public health in an integrated Europe
Design and implementation of a web-based auction system
The Unification of the Law of International Trade
Dale of merchants. 2, The era of trade mastery
Studies in the pure theory of international trade
Economic integration and the elasticities of labour demand : econometric evidence from Finland
CISG and unification of international trade law
Abstract: Regionalism vs. Multilateralism : An overview of the effects of Regionalism. The Purpose of this dissertation was to first find the motives behind and causes for regionalism and to explore the advantages and disadvantages of the phenomenon. Secondly, the intension was to determine the benefits of a possible bilateral FTA between Australia and China and whether a bilateral trade agreement would be more beneficial for the Australian economy than waiting for a multilateral WTO regulated framework. The research was conducted through an extensive literature review. The first part of the research focused on international trade, history of RTAs and the motives behind  regionalism. The research also focused on the traditional "stepping stone" versus "Stumbling Block" debate. The second part focused on Australian economy, trade policies and trade relations between Australia and China. The final part of the research explored the possible Australia – China FTA and on the benefits and limitation of the agreement on the Australian economy. The Study found that there is a pattern in the formation of RTAs and that regionalism is largely a response to globalisation. The research also suggested that although regionalism in certain cases may hinder trade and the formation of a multilateral framework, in general it is trade creating. In addition, a correlation between China's growth and Australia's economic welfare could be detected and the benefits from a bilateral FTA were found to outweigh the disadvantage of one and therefore also be more beneficial  than waiting for a multilateral framework. There are always limitations when a study is carried out using secondary sources. The lack of an empirical study, the limited amount of quantitative research present and the vast amount on prior research in the topic are great limitations. Although an extensive amount of studies have been conducted on regionalism, it is still possible to research and find new  perspectives because regionalism as a phenomenon is multifaceted.
Commercial law and practice
Critical success factors of Finnish-Mexican interpersonal communication in the business context
Public sector services for Finnish  SMEs to internationalize to China  : case "Turku - Tianjin project"
Opium and empire : the lives and careers of William Jardine and James Matheson
Historica. 2
THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN BRAND ORIGIN AND BRAND EQUITY : Case Company: Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd
International Business
Creating a world economy : merchant capital, colonialism, and world trade, 1400-1825
Managing network connections in international business
The Cambridge history of western textiles. 2
Transformations in trade politics : West African civil society participation in economic partnership negotiations with the European Union
Goa : a new expedition
Importance of Language Proficiency in Recruitment in International Business
The new international economics
Evaluating innovativeness in selecting an international trading partner : making use of the Koponen manipulator [1]
Business Process Plan of the Option to Include Cameroon Cocoa the into Marketing and Production : Case: Dammenberg Chocolate Factory. Finland
Research in international business and finance : studies in the financial markets of the Pacific Basin. Vol. 11, Part B
Development Strategy of Anhui Garments Import&Export Co.Ltd
An essay on trade and transformation
Art of Retail Buying : an insider's guide to the best practices from the industry
International economics : a European focus
Internationalization of SMEs : case Kymen Yrittäjät ry
The North American free trade agreement NAFTA : after eight years and the neoliberal political economy
Catalogue of names of fishes molluscs and crustaceans of commercial importance in the Mediterranean
Roadblock to reform : the persistence of agricultural export subsidies
International buying process and relationship building in Finnish buyer and Thai supplier perspective
The travels of a t-shirt in the global economy : an economist examines the markets, power and politics of world trade
Black mafia family : the rise and fall of a cocaine empire
Suggestions for developing export garment processing activities of MAIDUC Company Ltd Vietnam
Kanali - from Rauma to the world : Learning international business competence by doing
The squeeze : oil, money and greed in the twenty-first century
Hungary and the developing countries : (a historical analysis of Hungary's foreign trade with the developing countries)
English abstract.
Regionalism vs. Multilateralism  : An overview of the effects of Regionalism
Insiders. Volume 3 : The Afgan trap
Christmas at Rosie Hopkins' sweetshop
UN/ECE general conditions of sale : for fresh fruit and vegetables including citrus fruit
The trade of Guinea
Chalmers' Sale of goods act, 1893 including the factors acts 1889 & 1890
Global wine market in the hands of the millennials : how France lost its predominance
One billion customers : lessons from the front lines of doing business in China
Dona Nicanora's hat shop
Market Research on the Turkish Shipbuilding Industry : case: Koskisen Oy
One good trade : inside the highly competitive world of proprietary trading
World trade in jeopardy? : Hamburg symposium of the Friedrich-Ebert-Stiftung 1979
Expansion and intensification of global trade in horticultural plants has increased the risk of spread of new alien pathogen species in the EU. Alien species of pathogenic viruses and viroids in horticultural plants have been introduced into Finland in infected plant material (plants, seedlings, cuttings, tubers, seeds). By 1997, about 30 virus species of horticultural plants had been detected in Finland. We aimed at compiling emerging new virus and viroid records during 1997-2010. Eight new viruses belonging to tospo-, potex-, poty-, tymo-, ilar- and allexiviruses were detected in horticultural plants: four occurred in greenhouse crops, two in vegetables and two in garden ornamentals outdoors. Five new findings of viroids were made in ornamental and vegetable greenhouse crops during 2008-2009. More rapid and accurate diagnostic methods have contributed to identifying new alien pathogens. Global trade seems to be the main reason for the introduction of the newest virus and viroid pathogens into Finland.
The Sale of Goods Act
International trade : an approach to the theory
Cross-border consumption within Kostamuksha and the Kainuu Region
Fair Trade Between Uruguay and Finland : Business Opportunities
Foreign trade statistics based on value added follow the value added by each country and sector through the different phases of the production process. A new database maintained by the OECD and WTO provides a different picture of the imbalances in trade flows between the major economic regions and the interdependency of imports and exports than that provided by traditional customs statistics. This article also examines imbalances in euro area trade on a value-added basis. Statistics based on value added do not displace the traditional gross foreign trade statistics, but offer an alternative way to examine the importance of foreign trade, particularly for those countries that are integrated into global value chains. .
The sale of goods
International trade in textiles, with special reference to the problems faced by developing countries : report
Studies in the theory of international trade
Internationalization of SMEs : case Forssan LVI-Valmiste Oy
The Christmas surprise
The silk tree
Applied international trade analysis
Legal aspects of doing business in Latin America : pocket supplement january 1986
Market entry strategy for Chinese suppliers in the Russian consumer goods market
Import-Export Business Plan
Population growth overshooting and trade in developing countries
Oil and revolution in Mexico
Trade policy and the environment. Ottar Mæstad
Regionalism vs. multilateralism : an overview of the effects of regionalism
Executive summary (s. iii).
Executive summary.
Studies in climate change policy : theory and experiments
Grocery revolution : the new focus on the consumer
Selling fresh fruits and vegetables cooperatively
Markets in Africa
Finnish E-Commerce Deliveries to Russian Customers
The least developed countries : report 2002
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
e-Learning and the science of instruction : proven guidelines for consumers and designers of multimedia learning
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
Are organizational cultural distances affected by another human factor : innovativeness? Part I
IMPORTATION OF ORIENTAL FOOD TO FINLAND : Cases: Swan Import and Tigris oriental Market
Babylonian business transactions of the first millenium B. C.
Futures trading in commodity markets
International Fur Trade : Trends, Challenges, Prospects
The Effect of Culture on the Sales Process Within a Global Company. Case Company ABB Oy Distribution Automation Sales Unit.
Never screw up
Alternatives to economic globalization : a better world is possible : a report of the international forum on globalization
Greece
International trade : selected readings
EMU effects on international trade and investment
Productivity dispersion : a case study in the Finnish retail trade
Aid for trade at a glance 2013 : connecting to value chains
Inside the European consensus on development and trade : analysing the EU's normative power and policy coherence for development in global governance
Agriculture in the European Union : statistical and economic information 2002
The East African Community and common market
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
Russian regional business review
Handbook of world mineral trade statistics ..
How to do business in China : 24 lessons in engaging the dragon
ADDITIONAL VALUES OF A DOMESTIC INTERNET SHOP : A comparison of domestic and foreign ecommerce from the cus-tomer point of view
Foundations of corporate empire : is history repeating itself?
The management of international public affairs : integrating I.P.A. and corporate strategic planning in foreign direct investment
Money, trade and international relations
Trade of main wild berries in Finland
Challenges of business negotiation communications between Finnish and Eastern European companies: a comparative study of ICT and agriculture sectors
Summary in Chinese.
Prospects for eliminating non-tariff distortions
Freedom of choice : a collection of presentations from the 72nd Annual International Purchasing Conference
The North American Free Trade Agreement NAFTA : after eight years, and the neoliberal political economy
The challenges of Iranian small and medium-sized enterprises through process of internationalization
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of statistics. 2004:2
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2005:2
Current problems of international trade financing
Exporting dried fruits and nuts from Afghanistan to Finland  :  Busniess plan for a new company
Trade facilitation in Asia and the Pacific : an analysis of import and export processes: a study
The responsibilities and rights of both buyer and seller in international trade concerning the conformity of the goods and additional contractual requirements
Contemporary growth studies and Eastern Europe : from scholar debates towards a comparative analysis on Bulgaria, Hungary, Poland and Romania, 1970-1995
The sea and civilization : a maritime history of the world
Civil jurisdiction and judgments : the application in England of the Convention on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters under the Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982 : [With] suppl
Commercial law in the Middle East
Seizing the white space : innovative service concepts in the United States
Trade and development in developing countries
Brandwashed : tricks companies use to manipulate our minds and persuade us to buy
How fashion works : couture, ready-to-wear and mass production
Stores of the year 6
Negotiating in an international environment : eight perspectives for business practitioners
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail?
Destroying the market for drugs : an economic analysis
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2004:1
Research in international business and finance. Vol. 8, Prospects for Canadian-United States economic relations under free trade
Handbook of world mineral trade statistics 1992-1997
Global latinas : Latin Americas emerging multinationals
The Far East in world trade : developments and growth since 1945
Nordic studies on intra-industry trade
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2005:1
Cross-Border Consumption within Kostomuksha and the Kainuu Region
Starting an online business : all-in-one desk reference for dummies
International trade comparison  : EU - USA and the effect on case company’s trade
Factors for e-auction success : a managerial perspective
Black ops
Currency Risks and Currency Risk Management
Developments in export marketing
Export and import of sporting goods
American tabloid
Ekologisten & eettisten palveluiden opas : Tampere = Guide to ecological & ethical services in Tampere
Introduction to global business : understanding the international environment and global business functions
From the Maoist to the Post Deng China, a process of economic liberalization and opening toward the rest of the world : implications for transnational companies
Insiders. Volume 4 : Takeover bid on the Kremlin
Empirical methods for international trade
Fashion : a very short introduction
The American Swedish monthly
Overcome psychological obstacles to increase trading success Successful traders need to be well-versed and skilled in a wide range of business and economic areas. But now, in addition to effective trading strategies and sound money management techniques, traders need to possess the know-how to handle the mental and emotional challenges of working in a highly volatile environment. Excellence in Trading is a unique resource that applies cutting-edge psychological techniques to trading skills, allowing readers to improve their mental outlooks and maximize the potential of their trading strategies.
Incentives for industrial exports : study
Business in Southwest Finland
The rise and fall ... and rise again
Communication and Conflict in International Business : Case of India and Finland
Business-to-business customer survey and German market research : case company: Lehtosen Konepaja Oy
Small-scale farmers in liberalised trade environment : proceedings of the seminar on October 2004 in Haikko Finland
Dale of merchants : The guild of extraordinary traders
The lonely silver rain
International trade regulation, national development strategies and the environment : towards sustainable development?
Obligations of the buyer under the UN Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods
PHP designed webshop : CakePHP and MYSQL online mini webshop
Legal and financial aspects of international business
Trade and war : the neutrality of commerce in the inter-state system
Sale of goods and consumer credit
Help, business or piracy? Shipwrecks and salvage auctions as early modern entrepreneurship in the Gulf of Finland
Cultural impact on international branding : a case of marketing Finnish mobile phones in China
Geography of market centers and retail distribution
Handbook of world mineral trade statistics 1991-1996
International business
Central Finland hotels' interest towards Fair Trade products
Invasive insects in Europe : the role of climate change and global trade
Electronic commerce : principles and practice
Intra-Asian trade and the world market
