http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4027 countertrade
countertrade
"A wide-ranging, powerful, alternative vision of the history of the United States and how the slave-breeding industry shaped it. The American Slave Coast tells the horrific story of how the slavery business in the United States made the reproductive labor of "breeding women" essential to the expansion of the nation. The book shows how slaves' children, and their children's children, were human savings accounts that were the basis of money and credit. This was so deeply embedded in the economy of the slave states that it could only be decommissioned by Emancipation, achieved through the bloodiest war in the history of the United States. The American Slave Coast is an alternative history of the United States that presents the slavery business, as well as familiar historical figures and events, in a revealing new light"--
Long-term export financing : counterpurchase as a creative instrument of collateral for export credits : systematic illustration of an export business to Bulgaria with a parallel counterpurchase
International countertrade
The American slave coast : a history of the slave-breeding industry
Fences and windows : dispatches from the front lines of the globalization debate
Flows of pumps : structure and change in the international division of labour
Global marketing and export management
Klein has selected & rearranged her newspaper columns to show the gradual rise of the anti-global corporation movement.
Afro-American anthropology : contemporary perspectives
International business operations
What determines actual open market repurchases? : evidence from Finland
International protection of human rights : a textbook
Human rights and wrongs : slavery, terror, genocide
Souhteast Asia : contemporary perspectives : the 5th Nordic Conference on Southeast Asian Studies Sept. 30 - Oct. 2, 1988, Lammi, Finland
Creative countertrade : a guide to doing business worldwide
The principle of mutual recognition in EU law
Countertrade in radically reforming economies under alternative exchange rate regimes
The globalization reader
Household fuel and garbage combustion, street vending activities and adverse pregnancy outcomes : evidence from urban Ghana
The arms maker of Berlin
The law of international responsibility
International marketing
Amistad : a hidden network of slavers and merchants
The great white lie : slavery, emancipation and changing racial attitudes
Exporting : a manager's guide to the world market
Use of medicines in children : a perspective on drug-related problems
Art production beyond the art market? / Karen van den Berg and Ursula Pasero (eds.)
International criminal law : a collection of international and European instruments
Global business today
The curse of gold : Democratic Republic of Congo
Human factors of a pleasure boutique : developing a qualitative user research approach for a taboo subject
