http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4037 production animals
production animals
Rabbit production
Assessment protocol for cattle
Nutrition and the welfare of farm animals
The economics of animal health and production
Biofuel co-products as livestock feed : opportunities and challenges
A world dictionary of breeds types and varieties of livestock
Influence of pre partum and post partum plane of nutrition on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their progeny
Biology of stress in farm animals: an integrative approach : a seminar in the CEC programme of coordination research on animal welfare, held on April 17-18, 1986, at the Pietersberg Conference Centre, Oosterbeek, the Netherlands
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Genetic parameters for growth traits in pigs estimated using third degree polynomial functions
Recent advances in animal nutrition 2009
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
The objective of the present study was to determine growth and carcass traits of beef breed bulls and heifers in the Finnish beef cattle population. The data collected from Finnish slaughterhouses included observations of 6323 and 2385 Hereford (bulls and heifers, respectively), 4421 and 1794 Charolais, 4335 and 1951 Limousin, 4068 and 1692 Aberdeen Angus, 2151 and 774 Simmental, 344 and 147 Blonde d'Aquitaine animals. For estimating valuable cuttings, a separate dataset including in total 1112 bulls and 260 heifers was also collected. Significant breed differences were observed in growth performance, carcass traits and retail product yield. The later maturing, Continental beef breeds seem to reach higher carcass gains, produce less fat and have more valuable cuts than the earlier maturing British beef breeds. The later maturing beef breeds tend to have carcass traits that suit well in the Finnish beef production system.
Contribution of livestock to food production in developing countries
"In this booklet ... the focus is on creating awareness and promoting rabbits, rodents and reptiles (the "3 Rs") as viable enterprises for small-scale farmers in rural, peri-urban and urban areas ... This booklet highlights the most important issues in the best use of small animals (rabbits, rodents and reptiles) in the expectation that development workers and policy-makers will recognize and act upon the numerous opportunities such small animals offer. This would not only result in improved livelihoods for producers but also assist in expanding employment and income opportunities in general. The booklet focus on important aspect of this business"--Introduction.
This study estimated the possibilities of reducing costs and improving input use in a sample of Swedish farms specialising in beef production. Input use efficiency was measured in a multi-output, multi-input function distance function analysis, covering the period 2008-2011. For comparison, both the classical radial and the generalised non-parametric approach were used. The results revealed that on average, costs could be decreased by 20%. Both models constructed frontiers where: i) the rankings of farms according to efficiency were positively and highly correlated and ii) the size and the significance of the parameter estimates were similar. Input-saving technologies were found to be positively influenced by livestock density, pasture availability and the use of coupled income support. Larger farms, farms with higher specialisation in beef cattle, farms with a larger number of animals older than 2 years, farms converting to organic production, farms located in less favoured areas and farms located in regions with a shorter grazing period were found be less efficient.
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) in laying hen diets
Abstract.
Animal encounters : human and animal interaction in Britain from the Norman conquest to World War One
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Developing the institutional framework for the management of animal genetic resources
Animal breeding, welfare and society
Blackwell's five-minute veterinary consult. Ruminant
Production, carcass characteristics and valuable cuts of beef breed bulls and heifers in Finnish beef cattle population
Sustainable improvement of animal production and health
The welfare of sheep
The study was conducted to evaluate an appropriate inclusion level of white-flowered semi-leafless green spring peas in diets for laying hens. Egg production and egg quality variables (specific weight, Haugh unit, shell strenght) were determined with 576 hens in a 52-week feeding experiment, which comprised of three feeding phases. The hens were offered one of the four cereal and soybean meal (SBM) based experimental diets. Peas were tested in proportions of 0, 100, 200 or 300 g kg-1 in the diet. Pea inclusion had no effects on production performance, feed consumption or feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the hens during the entire trial. The pea inclusion impaired FCR during the second feeding phase (p < 0.05) and increased birds' live weight in a linear manner during the second and the third feeding phases (p < 0.05). Pea inclusion had no effects on egg quality. It can be concluded that at least 300 g kg-1 of the studied peas can be used in the diets of laying hens without negative effects on production performance or egg quality.
The chicken health handbook : a complete guide to maximizing flock health and dealing with disease
Animals and society : an introduction to human-animal studies
Ethics of animal use
Ideology or business : meanings of farm animal welfare in the Finnish Association for Organic Farming
Legislative and regulatory options for animal welfare
Private regulation of value chains in Finnish pork industry : how private regulation schemes are used and could be used to ensure quality
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
Costs of two alternative Salmonella control policies in Finnish broiler production
World livestock 2013 : changing disease landscapes
Direct energy (electricity and heating) consumption was measured from one broiler house in southern Finland. CO2 emissions were also calculated. Six broiler flocks were reared per year with an average of 26 000 birds per flock. Heating constituted the major energy input, averaging 1.3 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. It varied greatly between seasons and was highest during the cold period. Using renewable energy for heating remarkably reduces CO2 emissions compared to fossil energy. Electricity consumption averaged 0.08 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. The greatest energy saving potential can be found in heating. CO2 emissions can be lowered to similar levels as in warmer countries by using biofuels for heating. Ventilation control is one possibility for direct energy savings in broiler production. Feed production is one of the key elements when total energy consumption is considered.
Dairy cow behaviour in relation to health, welfare and milking
"Every day, millions of people around the world sit down to a meal that includes meat. This book explores several questions as it examines the use of animals as food: How did the domestication and production of livestock animals emerge and why? How did current modes of raising and slaughtering animals for human consumption develop, and what are their consequences? What can be done to mitigate and even reverse the impacts of animal production? With insight into the historical, cultural, political, legal, and economic processes that shape our use of animals as food, Fitzgerald provides a holistic picture and explicates the connections in the supply chain that are obscured in the current mode of food production. Bridging the distance in animal agriculture between production, processing, consumption, and their associated impacts, this analysis envisions ways of redressing the negative effects of the use of animals as food. It details how consumption levels and practices have changed as the relationship between production, processing, and consumption has shifted. Due to the wide-ranging questions addressed in this book, the author draws on many fields of inquiry, including sociology, (critical) animal studies, history, economics, law, political science, anthropology, criminology, environmental science, geography, philosophy, and animal science."--Publisher's website.
Adding value to livestock diversity : marketing to promote local breeds and improve livelihoods
Designing and implementing livestock value chain studies : a practical aid for Highly Pathogenic and Emerging Disease (HPED) control
Key issues in bioethics : a guide for teachers
Animal genomics for animal health : Paris, France, 25-27 October 2007
Livestock production and society
Annual and seasonal changes in production and composition of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
Animal individuality : cultural and moral categorisations
Importance of maternal behaviour and circulating oxytocin for successful lactation in sows : effects of prepartum housing environment
This study was conducted to examine the performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation when compared to a grass silage-based diet. A feeding experiment comprised 36 bulls which were fed a total mixed ration ad libitum. The four dietary treatments were: 1) grass silage (600 g kg-1 dry matter) and rolled barley (400), 2) whole-crop barley silage (600) and rolled barley (400), 3) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (310) and rapeseed meal-based protein supplementation (90), and 4) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (330) and rapeseed meal + urea -based protein supplementation (70). Replacing grass silage with whole-crop barley decreased the carcass gain and carcass weight of the bulls due to lower energy intake. Protein supplementation either as rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal + urea of whole-crop barley silage based diets had no effects on animal performance.
The animal trade
Enhancing animal welfare and farmer income through strategic animal feeding : some case studies
Assessment protocol for poultry
Areal livestock combinations on Finnish farmhouse in 1969
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
The observer's book of farm animals
The 15th International Symposium & the 7th Conference on Lameness in Ruminants : Kuopio, Finland 9-13 June, 2008 : proceedings
Society's resources are scarce, and biosecurity actions need to be targeted and prioritised. Various models have been developed that prioritise and rank pests and diseases according to the risks they represent. A prioritisation model allows utilisation of scientific, ecological and economic information in decision-making related to biological hazards. This study discusses such models and the properties associated with them based on a review of 78 prioritisation studies. The scope of the models includes all aspects of biosecurity (human, animal and plant diseases, and invasive alien species), but with an emphasis on plant health. The geographical locations of the studies are primarily North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. Half of the studies were conducted during the past five years. The review finds that there generally seems to be several prioritisation models, especially in the case of invasive plants, but only a select few models are used extensively. Impacts are often accounted for in the model, but the extent and economic sophistication of their inclusion varies. Treatment of uncertainty and feasibility of control was lacking from many studies.
The connection between on-farm assessed welfare (A-index) and production parameters of the sows
Effects of grass-red clover silage digestibility and concentrate protein concentration on performance, carcass value, eating quality and economy of finishing Hereford bulls reared in cold conditions
Management and welfare of farm animals : UFAW farm handbook
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Veterinary ophthalmology
Farm animal welfare and production in relation to farmer attitudes
Feeding levels during the growing phase affect the production of primiparous Finnish Landrace ewes
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
Animals as food : (re)connecting production, processing, consumption, and impacts
Tackling climate change through livestock : a global assessment of emissions and mitigation opportunities
Economic decisions in farm animal health : international worshop held at Research Centre Foulum, 9-10. November 2006
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
Animal diseases that are known to spread primarily through human activities can be prevented and controlled through the application of biosecurity measures along the production and marketing chain, together with increased awareness and education. With this document, FAO, OIE and the World Bank aim to provide applied biosecurity recommendations to all pork production stakeholders in the numerous pig farming systems worldwide, particularly in developing and transition countries. Pig farmers are the main intended beneficiaries of the paper, but it is also of use to veterinary and technical service providers who are in a position to deliver and implement the proposed measures, to decision-makers in government and to project managers in agricultural development.--Publisher's description.
Animal biodiversity and prediction & prevention of emerging diseases : 9th biennial STVM conference
Efficient livestock handling : the practical application of animal welfare and behavioral science
The future of animal farming : renewing the ancient contract
Improving health and welfare of pigs : a handbook for organic pig farmers
Animal agriculture : the biology of domestic animals and their use by man
Alternative health practices for livestock
Legume seeds and rapeseed press cake as substitutes for soybean meal in sow and piglet feed
Animals at work : identity, politics and culture in work with animals
Finnish embryo transfer breeding program "ASMO" : description of the goals and a summary of the results of initial selection
Input saving possibilities and practices contributing to more efficient beef production in Sweden
Good practices for biosecurity in the pig sector : issues and options in developing and transition countries
Surveying and monitoring of animal genetic resources
The behaviour and welfare of the horse
The possibility of replacing soybean meal with mixtures of rapeseed press cake (RPC) and legume seeds in sow and piglet diets was evaluated in an experiment on 30 sows and their progeny. Group I (control) received standard feed mixture containing soybean meal as the main protein source, group II - RPC mixed with fodder pea, group III - field bean, group IV - blue lupine, group V - yellow lupine. Weaned piglets received mixtures containing RPC and legume mixtures. Considerable differences were found in amino acid composition of proteins. Differences in the apparent digestibility of essential nutrients were statistically insignificant. Sows fed with field bean and yellow lupine gave birth to heaviest piglets. After weaning piglets receiving field bean were characterized by the best weight gains. It is concluded that mixing rapeseed cake with legume seeds allows for the complete replacement of soybean meal in sow diets and for partial replacement in piglet diets.
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Animal care and use in behavioral research: regulations, issues, and applications : based on an invited paper session presented at the 1988 meeting of the Animal Behavior Society
The welfare of the sheep has received less attention than the welfare of intensively husbanded animals. However, domestic sheep may be kept under conditions that are very different from the environment in which wild sheep live, with adverse effects on their behaviour and welfare. This book, written by leading researchers from Europe and Australia, takes a multidisciplinary approach to focus on the specific welfare challenges facing the sheep.The book begins with a discussion of current welfare thinking and how this might be relevant to sheep husbandry. The adaptations of wild sheep to diverse environments, and how their behaviour and physiology has developed to deal with these conditions is described and compared to conditions in modern sheep husbandry. The varied welfare demands of disease, nutrition and metabolism, farming systems and management practices are then discussed by specialists in those areas. The book concludes by considering the economics of improved welfare, and by describing breeding goals and new challenges and opportunities for good sheep husbandry. This book will be of interest to students and academics in animal welfare, animal production, and veterinary medicine, and those with a particular interest in or concern for sheep.
Making animals happy : how to create the best life for pets and other animals
Anatomy and physiology of farm animals
Feeding weaned piglets and growing-finishing pigs with diets based on mainly home-grown organic feedstuffs
Yhteenveto. - Abstract in Korean.
Detection of bias in animal model pedigree indices of heifers
Plant communities of field boundaries in Finnish farmland
Artific[i]al insemination of livestock in the U.S.S.R.: a visual-aid album : (Alʹbom po iskusstvennomu osemeneniyu selʹskohozyaistvennykh zhivotnykh)
Veterinary clinical pathology : a case-based approach
Animal diseases and animal welfare in Finland 2004.
Probiotics in animal nutrition : production, impact and regulation
Clinical biochemistry of domestic animals
Livestock/deadstock : working with farm animals from birth to slaughter
Good practices for the feed industry : implementing the Codex Alimentarius Code of Practice on Good Animal Feeding
Effects of group size and early handling on some behavioural and physiological welfare parameters in farmed blue foxes
Conducting on-farm animal research : procedures & economic analysis
Animal feed impact on food safety : report of the FAO/WHO Expert Meeting, FAO Headquarters, Rome, 8-12 October 2007.
Animal welfare and the intensification of animal production : an alternative interpretation
Farm animals in biomedical research
Components of fractionated stallion seminal plasma and the effects of seminal plasma on sperm longevity
Understanding animal welfare : the science in its cultural context
The rise of critical animal studies : from the margins to the centre
Scientific farm animal production
Animal oppression and human violence : domesecration, capitalism, and global conflict
Animal production and animal science worldwide
A worldview of animal law
Preparing for highly pathogenic avian influenza
Livestock-related interventions during emergencies : the how-to-do-it manual
Impact of industrialized animal production and trade on global ater resource : a critical exploration of sustainabaility through the concepts of water footprint and virtual water
Chilean journal of agricultural research
Time budgets of finishing bulls housed in an uninsulated barn or at pasture
Direct energy consumption and CO2 emissions in a Finnish broiler house - a case study
Effects of group size and space allocation on physiological, behavioural and production-related welfare parameters in farmed silver fox cubs
Poultry international : production, prosessing and marketing worldwide
Endemic trichinellosis : experimental and epidemiological studies
Performance of growing and finishing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation relative to a grass silage-based diet
Environmental control for agricultural buildings
Sustainability - a challenge to animal production and breeding
The aim of the present experiment was to study the effects of (1) digestibility of grass-red clover silage (GCS) and (2) concentrate protein concentration on the performance, eating quality and economy of Hereford bulls during a six months pre-slaughter period, and reared in cold indoor facilities. Thirtyone bulls with an initial live weight (LW) of 289 kg were selected for a 2 x 2 factorial design experiment consisting of two primary growth GCSs harvested at different maturities (in vitro digestible organic matter (OM) in dry matter (DM), D value: Early-cut, E, 750 g kg⁻¹ DM; Late-cut, L, 699 g kg⁻¹ DM) and two concentrate crude protein concentrations (Medium, M, 170 g kg⁻¹ DM; High, H, 210 g kg⁻¹ DM). The concentrate comprised milled barley and pelleted commercial protein compound and was offered daily on average 3.2 kg DM, including 0.45 and 1.13 kg of rapeseed cake in M and H, respectively. Grass-red clover silage was offered ad libitum. The target cold carcass weight was 330 kg.The proportion of concentrate of the total daily DM intake averaged 0.337 during the entire experiment. Treatments had no effect on the daily intake of GCS, total intake of DM, DM intake kg⁻¹ LW0.75 and metabolizable energy averaging 6.0 and 9.4 kg DM, 97.4 g and 109.4 MJ, respectively. The digestibility of dietary OM and neutral detergent fibre was lower (p < 0.05, 0.733 vs. 0.769 and 0.625 vs. 0.665) on diet L than on diet E. The animals on diet E tended to consume daily on average 1.29 kg less (p < 0.10) DM kg⁻¹ net weight gain than those on diet L. The time to achieve the target carcass weight was on average 18 days longer (p < 0.01) on diet L than on diet E. During the entire experiment the LW gain averaged 1795 and 1609 g d⁻¹ (p < 0.01) on diets E and L, respectively. The concentrate protein concentration did not affect animal performance. Treatments had no significant effect on the kill-out proportion, EUROP carcass conformation and carcass fat classification which averaged 537 g kg⁻¹, 6.5 and 3.6, respectively. The eating quality of the tested loins was good. Treatments had only a minor effect on the yield of valuable cuts. It is concluded that the digestibility of silage is important since the early-cut silage improved the growth rate and shortened the finishing period of bulls significantly compared with those fed late-cut silage. The lower yield and, thus, higher unit cost of early.cut silage may, however, invalidate its superiority compared with the late.cut silage. There was no benefit from using concentrate of high protein concentration.
Muscle development of livestock animals : physiology, genetics, and meat quality
A review of risk prioritisation schemes of pathogens, pests and weeds: principles and practices
Animal welfare and economics in beef production
Tables of composition and nutritional values of organically produced feed materials for pigs and poultry
Balanced feeding for improving livestock productivity : increase in milk production and nutrient use efficiency and decrease in methane emission
Small animals for small farms
Atlas of nutritional data on United States and Canadian feeds
This study aimed at comparing the behaviour of finishing bulls raised in an uninsulated barn (UB) and at pasture (PAS). In experiment 1, dairy bulls were housed in an uninsulated barn (two groups of five bulls, 32 m2/pen) or at pasture (groups of four and five bulls, 5000 m2/paddock). In experiment 2, Hereford bulls were housed in an uninsulated barn (three groups of four or five bulls, 32 m2/pen) or at pasture (three groups of five bulls, 5000 m2/paddock). There were no differences in drinking, social licking, butting, other social behaviour, self-licking or idling between the UB and PAS bulls. The UB bulls spent more time in lying, ruminating, oral explorative and manipulative behaviour and rubbing and less time foraging and walking than the PAS bulls. The UB bulls performed more social licking and oral manipulation of objects and less mounting than the PAS bulls. These differences resulted most probably from the different feeding regimes and different space allowances.
A world dictionary of livestock breeds, types and varieties
Assessment protocol for pigs
Development of microbiological methods for the detection and identification of antimicrobial residues in meat
Welfare of production animals : assessment and management of risks
