http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4039 health management science
health management science
eHealth and eWelfare of Finland : checkpoint 2011
Handbook of healthcare operations management : methods and applications
Governing medicine : theory and practice
Primary care visits in the Finnish occupational health services and their connections to prevention and work-related factors
A comparative study on challenges in the psychosocial work environment of Finnish and foreign-born general practitioners
Nursing administration in the 21st century : a self-care theory approach
Journal of the Air & Waste Management Association
Fundamentals of health care financial management : a practical guide to fiscal issues and activities
Methodological perspectives for register-based health system peformance assessment : developing a hip fracture monitoring system in Finland
NGP yearbook 2016 : geographies of well-being in the North
An ethical approach to leading change : an alternative and sustainable application
Critical challenges for health care reform in Europe
"The governance of public hospitals in Europe is changing. Individual hospitals have been given varying degrees of semi-autonomy within the public sector and empowered to make key strategic, financial, and clinical decisions themselves. This study explores the major developments and their implications for national and European health policy. The study focuses on hospital-level decision-making and draws together both theoretical and practical evidence. It includes an in-depth assessment of eight different country models of semi-autonomy, in the Czech Republic, England, Estonia, Israel, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal and Spain. The evidence that emerges throws light on the shifting relationships between public-sector decision-making and hospital-level organizational behaviour and will be of real and practical value to those working with this increasingly important and complex mix of approaches." -- (Back Cover)
European health care reform : analysis of current strategies
"This book investigates the creation and implementation of enterprise information systems, covering a wide array of topics such as flow-shop scheduling, information systems outsourcing, ERP systems utilization, Dietz transaction methodology, and advanced planning systems"--Provided by publisher.
Ethics is back in leadership studies, philosophy, literature, politics and organisation theory. This book breaks new ground as part of an emerging 'ethical' turn in the field of leadership development. It is the first study to apply the virtue ethics of MacIntyre to the subject of leading organisational change and to apply an ethical analysis to an in-depth case study in the politically charged sector of healthcare provision. The complexity of factors involved in the healthcare sector means it provides a case study that has within it most of the issues experienced by any organisation. In his seminal thesis on virtue ethics MacIntyre provided us with a diagnosis on the modern condition and made us aware of what we have lost as a society. For MacIntyre that loss means that modern working practices are highly susceptible to being corrupted especially when an institution places money, status or power above the goods of excellence.This book includes empirical material that supports what he and now others are saying in theory and as such has the potential to catch a very powerful wave of questioning not just the changes to the public sector but the lifestyle and financial crisis that we have all bought into being. The considerable practical potential of these insights is explored in the case study that runs through the book. The final chapter contains a detailed application of the findings to a leadership education programme along with a very positive evaluation. Leadership developers, academics, postgraduate students, practitioners and policy makers will find the book of interest because it meets their needs for rigour, practical usefulness and policy guidance. The book will be particularly relevant to people studying, researching or leading organisational change and improvement projects inside or outside the health and social care sector.Those with an interest in narrative methodology will find a helpful literature review and a novel step-by-step narrative research approach.
Innovation and health : theory, methodology and applications
Healthcare outcomes management : strategies for planning and evaluation
A systems approach to social and organizational planning : cure for the mess in health care?
Economics, medicine and health care
Handbook of mental health administration and management
Administrative registers in health research : a cohort study of Finnish children born in 1987
Abstract: Arctic human development report (AHDR).
Healthcare management handbook
"Health Studies: an Introduction is a comprehensive introduction to health and illness, approaches to healthcare, and the psychological, social and environmental factors that influence public and personal health. This thoroughly revised edition includes new chapters on geography & physiology, and increased coverage of global health issues"--Provided by publisher.
Evidence-based healthcare
Five days at Memorial : life and death in a storm-ravaged hospital
Governing public hospitals : reform strategies and the movement towards institutional autonomy
Enterprise information systems design, implementation and management : organizational applications
Motivation, agency, and public policy : of knights and knaves, pawns and queens
eHealth policy and deployment in the European Union : review and analysis of progress
Health studies : an introduction
