http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4041 optimism
optimism
What are you optimistic about? : today's leading thinkers on why things are good and getting better
Positive psychology : the scientific and practical explorations of human strengths
Optimistic bias and perceived similarity
A relation of cruel optimism exists when something you desire is actually an obstacle to your flourishing. Offering bold new ways of conceiving the present, Lauren Berlant describes the cruel optimism that has prevailed since the 1980s, as the social-democratic promise of the postwar period in the United States and Europe has retracted. People have remained attached to unachievable fantasies of the good life - with its promises of upward mobility, job security, political and social equality, and durable intimacy - despite evidence that liberal-capitalist societies can no longer be counted on to provide opportunities for individuals to make their lives "add up to something".
Smile or die : how positive thinking fooled America and the world
The opus : from vision to plan to perform
How the secret changed my life : real people, real stories
'How The Secret Changed My Life' presents a selection of the most heartwarming and moving stories in one inspirational volume. Each story provides an authentic, real-life illustration of the pathway that leads to success in every area of life: money, health, relationships, love, family, and career.
'Wonder' and other essays : eight studies in aesthetics and neighbouring fields
"Economic collapse, poverty, disease, natural disasters, the constant threat of community unrest and international terrorism - a quick look at any newspaper is enough to cause almost anyone to feel trapped and desparate. Yet the recent election also revealed a growing search for hope spreading through society. In the timely Hope in the Age of Anxiety, Anthony Scioli and Henry Biller illuminate the nature of hope and offer a multitude of techniques designed to improve the lives of individuals, and bring more light into the world. In this fascinating and humane book, Scioli and Biller reveal the ways in which human beings acquire and make use of hope. Hope in the Age of Anxiety is meant to be a definitive guide. The evolutionary, biological, and cultural roots of hope are covered along with the seven kinds of hope found in the world's religions. Just as vital, the book provides many personal tools for addressing the major challenges of the human condition: fear, loss, illness, and death. Some of the key areas illuminated in Hope in the Age of Anxiety: How do you build and sustain hope in trying times? How can hope help you to achieve your life goals? How can hope improve your relationships with others? How can hope aid your recovery from trauma or illness? How does hope relate to spirituality? Hope in the Age of Anxiety identifies the skills needed to cultivate hope, and offers suggestions for using these capacities to realize your life goals, support health and healing, strengthen relationships, enhance spirituality, and inoculate yourself against the despair that engulfs many individuals." -- (Oxford University Press)
Sayonara, Zetsubou-sensei : the power of negative thinking. 4
Flourish : a new understanding of happiness and well-being - and how to achieve them
To save everything, click here : the folly of technological solutionism
Sayonara, Zetsubou-sensei : the power of negative thinking. 2
The how of happiness : a scientific approach to getting the life you want
Better under pressure : how great leaders bring out the best in themselves and others
Never saw it coming : cultural challenges to envisioning the worst
The antidote : happiness for people who can't stand positive thinking
Underpinnings of dispositional optimism and pessimism and associated constructs
Why is God laughing? : the path to joy and spiritual optimism
Handbook of positive psychology
Personality, well-being and job resources : from negative paradigm towards positive psychology
How The Secret changed my life : real people, real stories
The power of positive thinking
Colors & numbers : your personal guide to positive vibrations in daily life
A life worth living : contributions to positive psychology
Sense of coherence and optimism: a more positive approach to health
The reflective life : living wisely with our limits
The Tibetan art of positive thinking : skilful thought for successfull living
Hope in the age of anxiety
Attributes modulating affective profiles in psychiatric patients
Queer optimism : lyric personhood and other felicitous persuasions
The desert rose
To save everything, click here : technology, solutionism, and the urge to fix problems that don't exist
Rainy brain, sunny brain : the new science of optimism and pessimism
10 habits of truly optimistic people : power your life with the positive
Virtue, vice, and personality : the complexity of behavior
Hans Reichenbach and hist techno-optimism
Changing course : inspiration, ideas and insights for starting again from the CEO who became a caddie
The happiness advantage : the seven principles of positive psychology that fuel success and performance at work
Sayonara, Zetsubou-sensei : the power of negative thinking. 1
Authentic happiness : using the new positive psychology to realize your potential for deep fulfillment
Flourish ; a visionary new understanding of happiness and well-being
Epidemiological studies on psychosocial risk and protective factors of illness
Practical prosperity magick : crafting success & abundance
Strategies of optimism : start today - make a better future for yourself
The rational optimist : how prosperity evolves
The Yes
A primer in positive psychology
It's getting better all the time : 100 greatest trends of the last 100 years
Sayonara, Zetsubou-sensei : the power of negative thinking. 3
Abstract: The well-being of optimistic, well-performing high school students from high school to university.
Personality and depression
What a wonderful world
The skilled helper : a problem-management and opportunity-development approach to helping
Positivity : groundbreaking research reveals how to embrace the hidden strength of positive emotions, overcome negativity, and thrive
Positivity : groundbreaking research to release your inner optimist and thrive
Don't sweat the small stuff for teens : simple ways to keep your cool in stressful times
The "New York Times"-bestselling author of "Genome" and "The Red Queen" offers a provocative case for an economics of hope, arguing that the benefits of commerce, technology, innovation, and change--cultural evolution--will inevitably increase human prosperity.
The optimistic child
Optimism & pessimism : implications for theory, research, and practice
A Little Princess
Learned optimism : how to change your mind and your life
On the relation of optimism and self-esteem to sensual-aesthetic capacity and subjective health
Encyclopedia of positive psychology
Charlotte Perkins Gilman : optimist reformer
Positive thinking
The glass half-full : how optimists get what they want from life and pessimists can too
Bright-sided : how the relentless promotion of positive thinking has undermined America
The art of happiness in the troubled world
The future and its enemies : in defense of political hope
You can't afford the luxury of a negative thought : a book for people with any life-threatening illness - including life!
Personality and social psychological studies on computer-mediated communication in school settings
Handbook of positive psychology in schools
A step by step : guide to becoming a millionaire
Analysts` forecast optimism : evidence from Finnish stock markets
The art of happiness in a troubled world
Job Resources and Work Engagement: Optimism as Moderator Among Finnish Managers
Handbook of hope : theory, measures, & applications
Hope without optimism
Don't sweat the small stuff at work : simple ways to minimize stress and conflict while bringing out the best in yourself and others
What can we do to live life wisely? You might think that the answer would be to think and reflect more. But this is not Valerie Tiberius's answer. On her view, when we really take account of what we are like - when we recognize our psychological limits - we will see that too much thinking and reflecting is bad for us. Instead, we need to think and reflect better. This means that we need to develop wisdom: we need to care about things that will sustain us and give us good experiences, we need to have perspective on our successes and failures, and we need to be moderately self-aware and cautiously optimistic about human nature. Further, we need to know when to think about our values, character, and choices, and when not to. A crucial part of wisdom, Tiberius maintains, is knowing when to stop reflecting and get lost in the experience. The Reflective Life also considers the issue of how to philosophize about how to live. A recent trend in moral philosophy has been toward what is sometimes called 'empirically informed ethics'. This methodology has not yet caught on in normative ethics, primarily because we cannot conclude anything about what ought to be the case from the facts about what is. Tiberius agrees that this leap should be avoided, but argues that empirical psychology can inform our philosophical theories in interesting ways.
Cultures of optimism : the institutional promotion of hope
