http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4040 pessimism
pessimism
Our culture, what's left of it : the mandarins and the masses
Parerga and paralipomena : short philosophical essays. Volume 2
The philosophy of Schopenhauer
Pessimism : philosophy, ethic, spirit
Emotional freedom : liberate yourself from negative emotions and transform your life
"Using the work of W.Bion and D.Winnicott, this book offers a psychoanalytic study of Beckett's aesthetics of absence. Focusing on the first prose trilogy and Waiting for Godot, it offers a critical challenge to accepted viewpoints of Beckett's negative status, not only within psychoanalytic literary criticism, but within Beckett criticism at large"--Provided by publisher.
Well-being in socio-political context : European welfare regimes in comparison
The antidote : happiness for people who can't stand positive thinking
Who switched off my brain? : controlling toxic thoughts and emotions
Depressive realism : interdisciplinary perspectives
The strength to dream : literature and imagination
Beckett's art of absence : rethinking the void
Misery Moo
Life is a mixture of good and bad, or so they say. Trouble is, there's no way to determine where a particular life might fall along fortune's spectrum. For every child born into the lap of luxury, there's another born on the point of a knife. There are no guarantees as to what may transpire as the immediate present unfolds into the uncertain future. Things change in an instant. Two things, however, are certain. Everyone will suffer. And everyone will die. Back to where we came from. Knowing this, and understanding full well that any particular life embodies the potential for experiencing extreme pain and unhappiness unceasing in some cases is procreation really worth the risk? Jim Crawford doesn’t believe it is. In Confessions of an Antinatalist, Crawford reflects on what it means to exist in the belly of a ravening serpent-life whose only prey is itself, and whose teeth are very, very sharp. Jim Crawford writes engagingly, persuasively, and (despite the grim topic) humorously. I hope that Confessions of an Antinatalist will enjoy the wide readership it deserves. –David Benatar, author of Better Never to Have Been: The Harm of Coming into Existence Even if one loathes the idea of antinatalism on its face, the questions that Crawford raises are such that everyone would be well advised to confront, for someday they may be called upon by their offspring to answer them. And Confessions of an Antinatalist dares them to come up with answers they can stand by in good conscience. –Thomas Ligotti, author of The Conspiracy against the Human Race Jim Crawford wishes he'd never been born. If that makes him sound like a bitter, angry misanthrope, he's not (at least, not all the time). Confessions of an Antinatalist is a wry, honest, and open-eyed introduction to a philosophy most people simply refuse to consider. After all, what could be wrong with human existence? Crawford answers clearly: Everything.
Virtue, vice, and personality : the complexity of behavior
Technology, pessimism and postmodernism
The rational optimist : how prosperity evolves
Underpinnings of dispositional optimism and pessimism and associated constructs
Global trends 2005 : an owner's manual for the next decade
The glass half-full : how optimists get what they want from life and pessimists can too
Cultural pessimism : narratives of decline in the postmodern world
After Hegel : German philosophy, 1840-1900
The essays of Arthur Schopenhauer : studies in pessimism
"What people call pessimism" : Sigmund Freud, Arthur Schnitzler, and nineteenth-century controversy at the University of Vienna Medical School
Parerga and paralipomena : short philosophical essays. Volume 1
Nietzsche and the philosophy of pessimism : a study of Nietzsche's relation to the pessimistic tradition: Schopenhauer, Hartmann, Leopardi
The user's guide to the human mind : why our brains make us unhappy, anxious, and neurotic and what we can do about it
The dark landscape of modern fiction
Aphrodite's workshop for reluctant lovers
The politics of pessimism in Ecclesiastes : a social-science prespective
2010 Bram Stoker Award Nominee for Superior Achievement in Nonfiction. The Conspiracy against the Human Race is renowned horror writer Thomas Ligotti's first work of nonfiction. Through impressively wide-ranging discussions of and reflections on literary and philosophical works of a pessimistic bent, he shows that the greatest horrors are not the products of our imagination. The worst and most plentiful horrors are instead to be found in reality. Mr. Ligotti's calm, but often bloodcurdling turns of phrase, evoke the dreadfulness of the human condition. Those who cannot bear the truth will pretend this is another work of fiction, but in doing so they perpetuate the conspiracy of the book's title. -- David Benatar, author of Better Never to Have Been: The Harm of Coming into Existence;Department of Philosophy, University of Cape Town, South Africa.
Personality and depression
The idea of decline in Western history
Anti-matter : Michel Houellebecq and depressive realism
Rudyard Kipling : hell and heroism
The uses of pessimism and the dangers of false hope
Attributes modulating affective profiles in psychiatric patients
Personality and social psychological studies on computer-mediated communication in school settings
The conspiracy against the human race : a contrivance of horror
Optimism & pessimism : implications for theory, research, and practice
Rainy brain, sunny brain : the new science of optimism and pessimism
Enemies of hope : a critique of contemporary pessimism : irrationalism, anti-humanism and counter-enlightenment
The progress paradox : how life gets better while people feel worse
Schopenhauer's Critique of Hope
Social strategies and loneliness : a prospective study
Learned optimism : how to change your mind and your life
Confessions of an antinatalist
