http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4044 sales agents
sales agents sales representatives
Guide to export-import basics : vital knowledge for trading internationally
Should you set up your own sales force or should you outsource it? : Pitfalls in the standard analysis
Commercial agency and distribution agreements : law and practice in the member states of the European Community and the European Free Trade Association
The traveling salesman problem : on combined heuristics based on the Clarke-Wright savings method
Promised land
Structuring international contracts
Distribution of private retirement plans in Mexico through multilevel marketing : the case study of Expertos Patrimoniales, consulting firm
Cruise network services : sales agents satisfaction survey ; case: Viking Line Abp Oyj
Evaluation of cooperation between principal and foreign partners in export business : case: Tamtron Group
Improving training for new sales representatives at BrainLAB
How to improve the effectiveness of sales people? : case: DHL Express
Proactive selling : control the process--win the sale
Trading to win : the psychology of mastering the markets
The English law of agency
The superpromoter : the power of enthusiasm
Supporting the sales force through mobile information and communication technologies : focusing on the pharmaceutical sales force
Distribution agreements and the competition rules of the EEC and the EEA
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
The law of agency
How I raised myself from failure to success in selling
What great salespeople do : the science of selling through emotional connection and the power of story
Death of a salesman
Manual on sales practices : how to improve the efficiency of your sales force
The collected works of A. J. Fikry
The primary objective of the thesis was to find out how the foreign representatives of Tamtron Group evaluate the cooperation between them and Tamtron Group. The study was conducted from the foreign representatives' point of view. The meaning was to identify how the foreign representatives experience the cooperation. The intention was to gather information for Tamtron Group to help it to improve these relationships. The study was conducted by using quantitative methods. The data was collected by using a self-completion questionnaire which was sent by email. The questionnaire contained both multiple choice questions and open questions. The sample of the research included all the foreign representatives of Tamtron Group. The questions handled the overall assessment of the relationship, positive aspects in the relationship, challenges facing the representatives and development ideas of the representatives. All the foreign representatives were categorized according to how long relationship they had with Tamtron Group. The categorization was made in order to see whether there were differences in the answers between the different groups. The study shows that the foreign representatives are in general satisfied with the cooperation. The overall satisfaction of all the representatives was basically at the same level, not depending on the length of the relationship they had with Tamtron Group. The most positive aspect in the relationship seemed to be the personal relations. The price reasoning and lack of technical competence formed the biggest challenges for the representatives. The issues for development seem to be technical and commercial training and more marketing material in representative's own language. The answers of the respondents to questions concerning challenges facing the representatives and development ideas varied to some extent according to the length of relationship. Lack of technical competence seemed to be bigger problem for representatives who had only few years' relationship with Tamtron Group than for representatives with longer experience. This means that Tamtron Group should focus on different issues on different phases of the relationship in order to improve the cooperation.
Managing for sales results : a fast-action guide to finding, coaching, and leading salespeople
The sales leader's problem solver : practical solutions to conquer management mess-ups, handle difficult sales reps, and make the most of every opportunity
Businesswomen, dabblers, revivalists or conmen? : representation of selling and salespeople within academic network marketing practitioner and media discourses
Improving Vaisala HydroMeT'STM co-operation with distributors worldwide
Export agents : a complete guide to their selection and control
Compensating new sales roles : how to design rewards that work in today's selling environment
Selling to win
Improved suite manual for the use of sales representatives : case study: Radisson Blu Hotels & Resorts, Finland
Marketing of turn-key house packages : case: Pohjolan Design-Talo Oy
Cases and materials on business associations : agency, partnerships, and corporations
AMA handbook for successful selling
Retailing : Careers in
Law of agency
The adoption of lead generation technology : a quantitative study of B2B companies in Finland
Marketing : real people, real choices
The principles of agency
The Code Napoleon, or, The French Civil Code
EC distribution law
Sales management and organisation
Act on Commercial Representatives and Salesmen
How to hire and develop your next top performer : the five qualities that make salespeople great
Selling hospitality : a situational approach
An outline of the law of agency
The storied life of A.J. Fikry
The success factors of a Finnish business-to-business salesman in Russia and Estonia
Appointing commercial agents in Europe : the essential facts
Revised EU competition rules for supply and distribution agreements
Evaluation of cooperation between principal and foreign partners in export business - Case: Tamtron Group
Agency
Sales force in the aftermath of integration : case: VAMP Ltd
New sales speak : the 9 biggest sales presentation mistakes and how to avoid them
Harvard business review on sales and selling
A hell of a woman
International agency, distribution and licensing agreements
Direct selling channels
Attracting sales talent to start-ups
Commercial agency and distribution agreements : law and practice in the member states of the European Union
Agency in private international law : the Hague Convention on the law applicable to agency
Suites are not sold as frequently as desired. Therefore promotion of these higher-priced rooms may have a significant influence on the revenue if the frequency for suites sold could be increased. It is to be kept in mind that the value for what is bought is to be perceived equal or greater with the rate for the purchase to be made. In order to achieve the goal of higher revenue from sold suites, appropriate tools regarding the sales process are in demand.     This project-based thesis is designed for Radisson Blu Hotels' individual room reservations department in Ässäkeskus, Helsinki. All seven of the chain's hotels in Finland are sold at the same sales service. Therefore as vast amount of information as possible is required to be possessed by the sales representatives in order to successfully perform their work; primarily handling inbound calls. At the moment, suites are experienced challenging to be sold due to the current level of information. Hence, a more descriptive and detailed suite manual was needed.    This thesis starts with a discussion of a profound sales process conducted on the phone due to the nature of work that is done at Radisson Blu sales service. The process is discussed from the greeting stage until the end of the interaction process. Particularly investigation of customer needs as well as the product presentation stage are crucial as determining the most suitable room category to fill the needs and desires of the customer. Moreover, identification of factors influencing the individual work performance is covered due to the importance of personal selling skills. Furthermore, to illustrate the subjects being discussed, examples are given.    After the theory part, the steps concerning the compilation of the new suite manual are discussed in detail. In order to have a manual targeted for the users of it, a thorough and versatile process was necessary for a satisfying result to be achieved. Therefore the old manual was assessed and the results utilised in the new version. Moreover, the involvement of the Radisson Blu sales representatives, hotel personnel as well as personal visits at hotels were essential throughout the planning and execution of the project. Assistance provided by the staff in hotels was important due to their expertise regarding the suites of their own prop-erty.    A sales tool for the sales representatives striving for more frequently sold suites was designed. As a result, the challenge to sell a suite was alleviated due to increased product knowledge. The new suite manual was welcomed with pleasure to support the selling of suites in Radisson Blu Hotels in Finland.
Relationships that matter : how sales agents and distributors create and maintain their social capital in relation to their clients
Medical market: Marketing and selling in Finland : a practical approach to a contemporary pharmaceutical business and sales team management, evaluation, and development
Social media for direct selling representatives
Anson's law of contract
Killing the sale : the 10 fatal mistakes salespeople make and how to avoid them
Making the number : how to use sales benchmarking to drive performance
Measuring the implementation of a CRM for salespeople : a case study in a sales organization
