http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4047 websites
websites
Get up to speed with online marketing : how to use websites, blogs, social networking and more to promote your business
Intermediaries are in the middle of every single act of online communication. The term "intermediary" does not refer to homogeneous group of service providers. In fact, it is used to describe entities who provide services necessary for an act of electronic communication to be successful including telecommunication service providers, online connectivity providers and entities providing their services by electronic means. Although, the e-commerce directive refers only to specific categories of intermediaries, such as providers of the following services: mere conduit, caching or hosting, the more our lives depend on technology, the more significant the role of every single intermediary becomes. The seriousness is particularly visible in relation to injunctive orders following a decision on the merits of the case (also referred to as 'permanent injunctions') such as website blocking orders the aim of which is to prevent future online infringements. As protective measures, the injunctions are subject to the proportionality evaluation and cannot lead to the effect that would be contrary to the provisions of the article 15 of the E-commerce Directive. The paper discusses the phenomenon of website blocking orders against intermediaries, including orders against the so-called 'innocent providers', and the boundaries of the orders. This particular type of an injunction serves as a trigger point for the analysis of the injunctions paradigm and engagement in a debate concerning rights of the users. The injunctions are currently holding a prominent position in the EU legal system as a consequence of the decision of the Court of Justice of the European Court of Human Rights in Delfi vs. Estonian case. Thus the author of this paper concentrates on the analysis of the abovementioned decisions and their implications for the sphere of users' rights (such as freedom of expression) and the freedom of business activity.
Unleashing Web 2.0 : from concepts to creativity
Marketing Ruka and Kuusamo on the Internet : a study of the ruka.fi website
Domino development with Java
Webometric network analysis : mapping cooperation and geopolitical connections between local government administration on the web
Developing and design a website for mc kalla oy
New perspectives on HTML, CSS, and dynamic HTML : comprehensive
Effective web presence solutions for small businesses : strategies for successful implementation
Website visibility : the theory and practice of improving rankings
Creating web pages for dummies®
Responsive design workflow
THE ROLE OF A WEBSITE IN COMPANY MARKETING: Innoventum Oy strategies for entering the Irish ICT market.
Blog on : the essential guide to building dynamic Weblogs
Learning PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, and CSS
CSS animations and transitions for the modern web
Quicktime for the Web : a hands-on guide for webmasters, site designers, and HTML authors
Museums and the Web 2005 : selected papers from an international conference
Implementation of Drupal e-commerce website : case: T:mi Jane Palmu Design
This thesis is a written report of the case study TTRA2008.com, a website made to support the European Chapter of Travel and Tourism Research Association's conference held in April 2008. This thesis was commissioned by Kaija Lindroth, who at that time was President the European Chapter of Travel and Tourism Research Association. This thesis has an outlook into traditional marketing and internet marketing. The emphasis of the report is the case study that worked as test laboratory. The case study showed that there are many factors to take into consideration, especially the end-user, who benefits the most of the work well done. This project started on the 18th of April 2007 and ended 31st of June 2008. This report can be used as one kind of guidebook for further events and why not any internet marketing cases, but only as guidebook. While the idea is the same in internet marketing, it is important to remember that all events and projects are unique and different from each other.
Website development project for Setynoil Oy
Search engine pptimization : all-in-one
Documentation of Salo Region Rotary Clubs website
The water encyclopedia : hydrologic data and Internet resources
Web design : introductory
Utilization of persuasive technology in e-commerce
E-commerce strategies of group buying websites : case study: Groupon Inc.
Europa : an introduction to the European Union's server
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2013 : proceedings of the International Conference in Innsbruck, Austria, January 22-25, 2013
Web design index by content: Pt. 03
E-commerce has become extremely popular during past few years. Many people work in businesses related to e-commerce. Many deals are made nowadays online instead of face to face. It is very convenient for a customer to shop from the comfort of their home instead of going physically to store. That's why many companies have invested lots of money for their web store, it is vital that everything is working, so that it is easy to do shopping for customer.    Previously it was common to open regular store before web store. Nowadays it is very common to have web stores that operate only in web and not locally. They don't have to, because people are so accustomed to shop in the Internet.    The study was carried out as system thesis. Theoretical part consists of information about e-commerce and Drupal. Based on that knowledge, working prototype of web store was created. The basic outline of the study was installing and developing web store with Drupal Übercart and making manual for site maintainer. Another goal was to see how easy these operations are done if has very limited experience of these tools.    The objectives of this study were achieved as planned: as an novice with these tools,  installing and developing a working prototype of a web store was achieved, web store manual for site maintainer created and knowledge gained from both Drupal and Übercart.
Getting started with D3
The hutchinson directory of web sites
Ontology model approach for heterogeneous information systems interoperability
SharePoint for project management
Design for the mind : seven Psychological principles of persuasive design
The JavaScript pocket guide
Web3D 2004 Symposium,  9th International Conference on 3D Web Technology, Monterey, California, April 5 - 8, 2004 : proceedings
Integration of a web-based loan trading platform to an international financing company
Fresh styles for web designers: eye candy from the underground
How to design and build the coolest website in cyberspace : hot design solutions for the colest site on the web
JavaScript and Ajax : for the web
Web design with HTML5 and CSS3, comprehensive
Semantic web services, processes and applications
Web site usability : handbook
WordPress® 24-hour trainer
Museums and the Web 2001 : selected papers from an international conference
Designing the obvious : a common sense approach to Web and mobile application design
Design for a mashup of Wordpress and Google Maps API : case: digital service innovation for Chinese restaurants management in Finland
This text is aimed at beginners and intermediate users of Dreamweaver to teach them how to launch powerful Web sites. It takes the reader step-by-step through the new features in Dreamweaver CS6.
Animation on the web
Web site marketing effectiveness in cross-cultural contexts
Tips and tricks for web site managers
101 ways to promote your web site : filled with proven Internet marketing tips, tools, techniques, and resources to increase your web site traffic
Gamification in automotive marketing : A conceptual framework for implementation
Adobe Creative Suite 6 : introductory
Website optimization : an hour a day
Museums and the Web 2006 : selected papers from an international conference
Multimedia Web design and development : using languages to build dynamic web pages
Adobe® Dreamweaver® CS3 : reference guide
Successful commercial website design
Building websites all-in-one For dummies
Beginning PHP6, Apache, MySQL® Web Development
HTML5 and CSS3 in simple steps
Web sites design and HTML standards
Utilization of Persuasive Technology in E-Commerce
Usability of e-government portals in China
Utility of a Web Site
Practical Django Projects : [write better web applications faster, and learn how to build up your own reusable code library ; updated for Django 1.1]
Museums and the Web 2002 : selected papers from an international conference
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
Digital Design Essentials : 100 Ways to Design Better Desktop, Web, and Mobile Interfaces
The web designer's idea book. Volume 3, inspiration from today's best web design trends, themes and styles / Patrick McNeil
Official tourism websites : a discourse analysis perspective
Making a discussion board with mysql and php
Training administration system web user interface
A web for everyone : designing accessible user experiences
Designing next generation web projects with CSS3 : a practical guide to the usage of CSS3 - a journey through properties, tools, and techniques to better understand CSS3
Online value proposition of tourist information center : case Kemi
Professional JavaScript for Web developers
Creating a web site with Flash CS4 professional
Session control using PHP and MySQL
Understanding context : environment, language, and information architecture
What the web can be
The boy who could change the world : the writings of Aaron Swartz
Multisite commerce : proven principles for overcoming the business, organizational, and technical challenges
SharePoint 2007 how-to
Museums and the Web 2004 : selected papers from an international conference
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2011 : proceedings of the international conference in Innsbruck, Austria, January 26-28, 2011
WikiLeaks and the age of transparency
Utilizing web analytics in website development process
HTML5 & CSS3 for dummies
Museums and the Web 2000 : selected papers from an international conference
Museums and the Web 1999 : selected papers from an international conference, New Orleans, Lousiana, March 11-14, 1999
OPTIMISING THE WEB-PAGES CONCERNING THE INCOMING EXCHANGE STUDENTS TO KYMENLAAKSO UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCES
Usability in government systems : user experience design for citizens and public servants
Platform for cultural exchange : the Web's potentials for museums
The rough guide website directory
"This practical, insightful book provides a powerful toolset to help information architects, UX professionals, and web and app designers understand and solve the many challenges of contextual ambiguity in the products and services they create. You'll discover not only how to design for a given context, but also how design participates in making context. Learn how people perceive context when touching and navigating digital environments. See how labels, relationships, and rules work as building blocks for context. Find out how to make better sense of cross-channel, multi-device products or services. Discover how language creates infrastructure in organizations, software, and the Internet of Things. Learn models for figuring out the contextual angles of any user experience"--Back cover.
Web communities : analysis and construction
The Internet and national elections : a comparative study of web campaining
Foundation Rails 2
Unleashing web 2.0 : from concepts to creativity
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Web form design : filling in the blanks
Dreamweaver CS3 : the missing manual
Summary and conclusions (s. 167-183).
Open Source Database Driven Web Development : a guide for information professionals
Reforming a Website : Case - Embassy of Iraq
Son of Web pages that suck : learn good design by looking at bad design
Assessing the usage of personalized web information systems
Finnish travel web sites : perceived usefulness from foreignerś point of view
Visual quickstart guide DHTML and CSS for the world wide web
Blogging : genius strategies for instant web content
Build your own ASP.NET 3.5 web site using C# & VB
Communicating design : developing web site documentation for design and planning
Internet marketing : how to get a website that works for your business
IPSAportal : top 230 web sites for political science
Dreamweaver CS6
Sams teach yourself CSS in 10 minutes
The potential of social networking sites in inpatriate adjustment
The art of SEO : mastering search engine optimization
Webworks : exploring online design
Internet marketing methods revealed : the complete guide to becoming an internet marketing expert
We Are All Here! : Multiple Groups on a Social Network Site
Custom SharePoint Solutions with HTML and JavaScript shows you how to build and customize SharePoint solutions to suit a wide range of business needs. You don't need a background in Microsoft technologies; you’ll learn how to rapidly build and customize sites entirely on the front end, starting with out-of-the-box features and extending them with HTML and JavaScript code. The book starts with an introduction to working with SharePoint on the front end, and how this can help you avoid common pitfalls associated with deploying custom code on the server. You’ll start by using SharePoint’s browser-based tools to place and manipulate out-of-the-box web parts on a page. Then learn to inject some simple HTML and JavaScript to manipulate these web parts, and use JSLink to rapidly style and manipulate data in the List web part. You'll also see examples of how to build your own custom web parts using HTML, JavaScript and CSS. For those who want to dive deeper into JavaScript on SharePoint, chapters cover working directly with built-in JavaScript methods and properties and the JavaScript object model (JSOM), and how to work with the powerful new REST API, which gives you the ultimate flexibility over what you do with your data. Whatever your background, whether it's web development, working with SharePoint on the server side, or if you're a SharePoint user looking to learn new skills, Custom SharePoint Solutions with HTML and JavaScript will show you how to get what you want from SharePoint, quickly and reliably.
Visual design as an aspect of an online store's usability : case: Radio86 Store
UX for dummies
Painting the Web
Search engine optimization all-in-one for dummies
Investor relations on the web : interpretations across borders
Intermediaries caught between a rock and a hard place - the case of website blocking and no general obligation to excersise control over the usergenerated content
Essential SharePoint 2007
Developing an online bid system with ASP.NET
Learning web design : a beginner's guide to HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and web graphics
Wow wow : sites unseen // the internet review
Quality principles for cultural Websites : a handbook
Integrated marketing communications plan for online newspaper : case : ess.fi of Mediatalo Esa
From body to web : an introduction to the Web as corpus
Abstract.
Designing web usability : [the practice of simplicity]
Principles of web design
Web design in easy steps
Museums and the Web 2006 : Proceedings
Quality principles for cultural websites : a handbook / ed. by the Minerva Working Group 5, Indentification of user needs, contents and quality criteria for cultural web applications ; [texts Eelco Bruinsman ... [et al.]]
Using macromedia Dreamweaver MX
This thesis aims to create a guide for making a successful website. And will go with the scope showing why some web sites does not work, why they don?t show the same content on a plenty of different browsers and operating systems, as a matter of fact will be going through the HTML and CSS codes to see how they interact together and what cause the most major problems. And why not for other web-site acquisition and design. The guide is intended to guide the driving and compelling website design. My thesis will go through the websites as a main task, problems, and website influence on marketing. Empirical part and concentrate on the design process of making a site is the most important and central step. Following the instructions to get a new home page, look better, and marketing on the Internet is going better. The design model is created in such a way that the marketing or the entrepreneur himself would be able to design an effective and user-friendly web site, even if the programming does not know any. The finished plan is a programmer's quick and easy to implement and the outcome of appeals to both entrepreneurs and users. Solutions will be tested and gives a clear idea about the problem and how it was fixed. So, basically I will treat compatibilities, HTML standards and web sites design since after a wide research realized that the HTML code should be clean and goes with the standards and more than that the design is very important.
Distinctive design : a practical guide to a useful, beautiful web
Professional CSS : cascading style sheets for web design
MediaWiki 1.1 beginner's guide : install, manage, and customize your own MediaWiki-based site
Website creation
Controlling Websites with PHP
Mapping web sites
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Improve Search Engine Optimization
The case of web based information environment in web based weight management services
Marketing a tourism event through internet : case: TTRA2008.com
Parties, candidates and citizens on-line : studies of politics on the Internet
Pottermore secrets and mysteries revealed : the unofficial guide to Pottermore.com
This bachelor thesis is about Website development and design. I have a chance to work with Mc kalla Oy. Mc kalla Oy is a construction company from Kempele which was founded 2011. They have projects in Central-Finland, through Northern Finland to Lapland. This thesis is to develop and design a new website to Mc kalla Oy. Wordpress is used to develop the new website. For the development process I use school server (.opiskelijaprojektit.net). The Thesis contains two main parts designing the website layout and implementing the design. With meeting with the commissioner, I had a good understanding of their expectation. They are expecting, a website easy to maintenance and update. The new website is easy to navigate and has enough information. The new website contains photo galleries, videos, PDF files and music. The new website is connected with companies Facebook page. As the result of this thesis,www.mckalla.fi is available for Mc Kalla Oy customers. The website is accessible for any device which has internet connection. The website manages to fulfill all the Mc kalla Oy’s expectations. From my discussion with the commissioner, the commissioner is satisfied with the result.
A web-based reservation system : with PHP and MySQL
Googlepedia : the ultimate Google resource
Summary: Executive summary.
500 simple website : hints, tips and tecniques : the easy, all-in-one guide to those inside secrets for building better websites
Accessibility of museum, library and archive websites: the MLA audit
Clustering Techniques : A solution for e-business
Lowfat : [A visual journey taking you to 96 hot motion graphics destination]
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2016 : Proceedings of the International Conference in Bilbao, Spain, February 2-5, 2016
FWD this link : a rough guide to staying amused online when you should be working
Custom SharePoint Solutions with HTML and JavaScript : for SharePoint 2013 and SharePoint online
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset. Osa 12, Tiedon esittäminen = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Part 12, Presentation of information
Websights : the future of business and design on the internet
Lean websites
Guide to web development with Java : understanding website creation
WordPress® in depth
Visualizing information using SVG and X3D : XML-based technologies for the XML-based Web
Web usability for dummies
A novel e-commerce web portal: a student led co-creation case within an SME and a Uni-versity of Applied Sciences
Online word-of-mouth : Influences on brand perceptions and choices
Website design and development : 100 questions to ask before building a website
Developing and design a website for Mc Kalla Oy
