http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4042 negativity
negativity
Explicit behavioral detection of visual changes develops without their implicit neurophysiological detectability
Confessions of an antinatalist
Pre-attentive change detection of emotional facial expressions : effects of depression and a short psychological intervention - and ERP study
Processing of prosodic changes in natural speech stimuli in school-age children
Molecular structure : understanding steric and electronic effects from molecular mechanics
Negativity and politics : Dionysus and dialectics from Kant to poststructuralism
Hegel and the art of negation : negativity, creativity and contemporary thought
Aging-related changes in discrimination accuracy for multiple sound features as measured with the mismatch negativity
Like a sore tindy : representations of women in snowboarding magazines
Managing people : a guide for managers in the hotel and catering industry
Sayonara, Zetsubou-sensei : the power of negative thinking. 4
The detection of the mismatch negativity (MMN) in newborns using principal component analysis (PCA)
Brain responses to speech sounds in infants and children with and without familial risk for dyslexia
Life is a mixture of good and bad, or so they say. Trouble is, there's no way to determine where a particular life might fall along fortune's spectrum. For every child born into the lap of luxury, there's another born on the point of a knife. There are no guarantees as to what may transpire as the immediate present unfolds into the uncertain future. Things change in an instant. Two things, however, are certain. Everyone will suffer. And everyone will die. Back to where we came from. Knowing this, and understanding full well that any particular life embodies the potential for experiencing extreme pain and unhappiness unceasing in some cases is procreation really worth the risk? Jim Crawford doesn’t believe it is. In Confessions of an Antinatalist, Crawford reflects on what it means to exist in the belly of a ravening serpent-life whose only prey is itself, and whose teeth are very, very sharp. Jim Crawford writes engagingly, persuasively, and (despite the grim topic) humorously. I hope that Confessions of an Antinatalist will enjoy the wide readership it deserves. –David Benatar, author of Better Never to Have Been: The Harm of Coming into Existence Even if one loathes the idea of antinatalism on its face, the questions that Crawford raises are such that everyone would be well advised to confront, for someday they may be called upon by their offspring to answer them. And Confessions of an Antinatalist dares them to come up with answers they can stand by in good conscience. –Thomas Ligotti, author of The Conspiracy against the Human Race Jim Crawford wishes he'd never been born. If that makes him sound like a bitter, angry misanthrope, he's not (at least, not all the time). Confessions of an Antinatalist is a wry, honest, and open-eyed introduction to a philosophy most people simply refuse to consider. After all, what could be wrong with human existence? Crawford answers clearly: Everything.
Facets of negative affectivity, health behaviour, and risk factors of cardiovascular diseases
Cognitive scientist Dan Willingham has focused his acclaimed research on the biological and cognitive basis of learning and has a deep understanding of the daily challenges faced by classroom teachers. This book will help teachers improve their practice by explaining how they and their students think and learn revealing the importance of story, emotion, memory, context, and routine in building knowledge and creating lasting learning experiences. --from publisher description
Beckett, Joyce and the art of the negative
Aesthetics of negativity : Blanchot, Adorno, and autonomy
"Intellectually exhausted and increasingly desperate" versus "flat-out false and reeks of desperation" : how the blogs of the candidates in the American presidential election of 2012 create a negative image of the opponent
Denial, negation, and the forces of the negative : Freud, Hegel, Lacan, Spitz, and Sophocles
The dark landscape of modern fiction
Sayonara, Zetsubou-sensei : the power of negative thinking. 3
Don't let anything dull your sparkle : how to break free of negativity and drama
Mismatch negativity as a tool for the study of reading disabilities
Neural basis of speech sound discrimination from infancy to adulthood
The ways of naysaying : no, not, nothing, and nonbeing
Sayonara, Zetsubou-sensei : the power of negative thinking. 1
Effects of short intervention for the processing of facial expressions in depression
Why is the philosopher Hegel returning as a potent force in contemporary thinking? Why, after a long period when Hegel and his dialectics of history have seemed less compelling than they were for previous generations of philosophers, is study of Hegel again becoming important? Exploring this revival via the notion of 'negation' in Hegelian thought, and relating such negativity to sophisticated ideas about art and artistic creation, Andrew Hass argues that the notion of Hegelian negation moves us into an expansive territory where art, religion and philosophy may all be radically reconceived and broken open into new forms of philosophical expression.
The antidote : happiness for people who can't stand positive thinking
Event-related potentials to unattended changes in facial expressions: detection of regularity violations or encoding of emotions?
Human δ opioid receptor Phe27 and Cys27 variants:the role of heteromerization and pharmacological chaperones in receptor processing and trafficking
Ricœur and the negation of happiness
The sovereignity of art : aesthetic negativity in Adorno and Derrida / Christoph Menke
Cortical multi-attribute auditory discrimination deficits and their amelioration in dyslexia
New perspectives on emotional processes and decision making in the game of poker : with special emphasis on the tilting phenomenon
Why don't students like school? : a cognitive scientist answers questions about how the mind works and what it means for your classroom
Depressive realism : interdisciplinary perspectives
Aging-associated changes in auditory event-related potentials and their correlation to neuropsychological measures
Hostility and increased risk of mortality and acute myocardial infarction : the mediating role of behavioral risk factors
Music training enhances rapid neural plasticity of N1 and P2 source activation for unattended sounds
Mismatch negativity (MMN) and P3a abnormalities in traumatic brain injury
Constructive news : why negativity destroys the media and democracy - and how to improve journalism of tomorrow
Dealing with negative publicity in social media
The persistence of the negative : a critique of contemporary continental theory
Why people don't heal and how they can
Executive coach and psychologist Marshall Goldsmith discusses the emotional triggers that set off a reaction or a behavior in us that often works to our detriment. Do you find that at times you suddenly become defensive or enraged by an idle comment from a colleague? Or that your temper rises when another car cuts you off in traffic? Your reactions don't occur in a vacuum. They are the result of emotional and psychological triggers that often happen only in specific settings -- at meetings, or in competitive situations, or with a specific person who rubs you the wrong way, or when you feel under particular pressure. Being able to recognize those triggers and understand how the environment affects our behavior is key to controlling our responses and managing others at work and in life. Make no mistake -- change is hard. And the starting point is the willingness to accept help, and the desire to change. Over the course of this book, Marshall explores the power of active questions to get us to take responsibility for our actions -- and our failure to act. Questions such as "Did I do my best to make progress toward my goal?" "Did I work hard at being fully engaged?" He discusses the importance of structure in effecting permanent change. Because, he points out, change is hard, and without a structure to keep us on track, we inevitably relapse and fall back. Filled with stories from Marshall's work with executives and leaders, Triggers shows readers how to achieve meaningful and sustained change that will allow us to open our imaginations and escape the rigidity of binary thinking.
Suffering art gladly : the paradox of negative emotions in art
Ugly feelings
Sacred violence : Girard, Bataille and the vicissitudes of human desire
You can't afford the luxury of a negative thought : a book for people with any life-threatening illness - including life!
The big leap : conquer your hidden fear and take life to the next level
Who switched off my brain? : controlling toxic thoughts and emotions
Precognitive visual processing and its relation to long-term physical activity
Self-regulation of negative moods in a consumption context : irritation-, stress-, and dejection-alleviative self-gift behaviors in focus
Somatosensory evoked potentials as indicators of aging-related changes in sensory-cognitive functions
The positive side of negative emotions
The sovereignty of art : aesthetic negativity in Adorno and Derrida
Event-related potentials to task-irrelevant changes in facial expressions
Freedom : political, metaphysical, negative and positive
Evaluation and extraction of mismatch negativity through exploiting temporal, spectral, time-frequency, and spatial features
Sayonara, Zetsubou-sensei : the power of negative thinking. 2
The work of the negative
The effects of frequency difference and ear-of-entry on auditory stream segregation and integration
Mismatch responses to sound duration changes in the rat auditory cortex and hippocampus
The effects of maturation and sleep states on newborn auditory event related potentials and polarity measured in the mismatch negativity (MMN) paradigm
The theory of absence : subjectivity, signification, and desire
Life-related negative customer emotions in real estate agent encounters
Brief psychological intervention for depression : an ERP study
Negative space
Managing workplace negativity
An investigation into the role of exposure to speech sounds during sleep in auditory perceptual learning
Oxford handbook of event-related potential components
A mobile recording system and an acquisition control method for average event-related potential measurements
Triggers : sparking positive change and making it last
