http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4052 organs (organisations)
organs (organisations)
The Treaty of Nice explained
The new practical guide to the EU labyrinth : understanding the European institutions structures, powers, procedures through examples, diagrams, summaries
An inside view of the CAP reform process : explaining the MacSharry, Agenda 2000, and Fischler reforms
Built to last : a political architecture for Europe
EIA quick guides. 7,, How to trace European Parliament documentation
Guide to the European Union
The European Commission 2000-2005 : one year on
Dynamics of change in the European Union
An insider's guide to the UN
The European Union : economics, policies and history
The European Union : politics and policies
New legal dynamics of European Union
"This new introduction to the European Union is distinguished by its focus on the evolution and functioning of the political system of the EU and how best to understand and theorise its often contradictory and multifaceted nature and the dynamics of European integration. Providing a sophisticated analysis of the distinctive institutions and the processes of multi-level governance inherent in the EU, this text assesses the challenges of this complex political actor both past and present. "--
Orchestrating Europe : the informal politics of the European Union 1973-95
The Council of the European Union
EU information handbook 1997
The rule of law and the European Union
Designing the new European Union
The engines of European integration : delegation, agency, and agenda setting in the EU
The European Union in the 1990s : ever closer and larger?
The political economy of the European constitution
Welcome to your committee : guide for new members 2004
Government and multipartisan representation : the Finnish composition of delegations to the General Assembly of the United Nations
Democratic deficit? : institutions and regulation in the European Union, Switzerland and the United States
The dialogue on Europe : the challenge of institutional reform 2000
The Economic and Social Committee of the European Communities : the consultative assembly representing economic and social interest groups in Europe
The Oxford handbook of the European Union
The prospect of federalism in Europe
Interinstitutional style guide
Welcome to the European Parliament
The political economy of state-business relations in Europe : interest mediation, capitalism and EU policy-making
Making the EEA work : services and capital movements : papers delivered at an EFTA workshop in Brussels on 13 October 1993.
The institutions of the European Union
The European Union
Council of Europe law : towards a pan-European legal area
Scientists as midwives to cluster emergence : an interpretative case study of functional foods
Organising the European Parliament : the role of committees and their legislative influence
Experiencing Europe : 50 years of European construction 1957-2007
Ever closer union : an introduction to European integration
Development policy of the European Union
The history of the International Energy Agency : the first twenty years, 1974-1994. Vol. 3, Principal documents
Revision of Maastricht : implementation and proposals for reform : a survey of national views
Guide to the archives of member states' foreign ministries and European Union institutions
NATO at a glance : a factual survey of issues and challenges facing the Alliance at the end of the 1990s
The EESC : a bridge between Europe and organised civil society
"A new introduction to the European Union which uses the lens of comparative politics. This approach helps students understand the EU through comparisons with domestic politics and links with broader debates in political science. The text is supported by numerous examples, and chapters include briefings, fact files and controversy boxes which highlight important information and controversial issues in EU politics to widen and deepen student understanding. The authors have developed online 'Navigating the EU' exercises that introduce students to useful sources of information on the internet and help them to analyse policy-making in the EU. This textbook is a comprehensive introduction to EU politics and covers history, theory, key institutions and participants, as well as policies and policy-making"--
This book is the key text for anyone wishing to understand the functions, powers, and composition of the EU's institutions. From the Council of Ministers to the European Central Bank, all of the most important organizations are analysed and explained by international experts, providing students with everything they need to know. The Institutions of the European Union is the key text for anyone wishing to understand the functions, powers, and composition of the EU's institutions. From the Council of Ministers to the European Central Bank, all of the most important organizations are analysed and explained by international experts. Updates for the fourth edition include discussions of the impact of the ratification of the Lisbon Treaty and the euro crisis on the EU's institutions. Authoritative yet accessible, it remains the best guide to how this range of different bodies work together to provide political direction, manage policies, and integrate contrasting interests within the European Union.
Summary (s. 13-17).
The institutionalization of Europe
Collected courses of the Academy of European Law = Recueil des cours de l'Académie de droit européen : 1992. Vol. 3, book 1, European Community law
Guidelines for the accreditation of certification bodies for environmental management systems, EA-7/02 = (Suositus ympäristöjärjestelmien sertifiointielinten akkreditointivaatimusten täyttämisestä)
Working together - the institutions of the European Community
A legal primer on managing museum collections
The European Union : how does it work?
Constitutional law of the European Union
The European Union : a polity of states and peoples
European Union law. Volume 1, Law and EU government
The EU made simple
Eurostat : your partner for European statistics : a guide to the Statistical Office of the European Communities
Procedural politics : issues, influence, and institutional choice in the European Union
Report of the expert meeting to identify the needs for a subsidiary body on the technical and socio-economic aspects of aquaculture in the Mediterranean : Santiago de Compostela, Spain, 2-3 June 2006
A major new introduction to the theories and methods of public policy analysis and the changing nature of the policy process. Comprehensive, up-to-date and truly international in scope, it provides accessible yet sophisticated coverage of the field taking full account of global and multilevel dimensions.
What future for the European Commission
Independent diplomat : dispatches from an unaccountable elite
Handbook of European Union : institutions and policies
Serving the European Union : a citizen's guide to the institutions of the European Union
Access to European Parliament, Council and Commission documents : a user's guide
Employment
The European Parliament
The European Council in ...
Blind spots, biases, and other pathologies in the boardroom
The European Councils : conclusions of the presidency 1992-1994
The Economic Council in a new economic policy setting : evaluation of the Economic Council of Finland : final report
A legal and political interpretation of article 215(2) [new article 288(2)] of the Treaty of Rome : the individual strikes back
National governments and the European Union after the Treaty of Amsterdam
Summary (s. 9-13).
Repertory of practice of United Nations organs
The judicial construction of Europe
The Economic and Social Committee of the European Communities : 1994-1996 : the consultative assembly of Europe's social and economic partners
Understanding the European Union : a concise introduction
Trading voices : the European Union in international commercial negotiations
European Union politics
The European Union explained : Europe in 12 Lessons
International institutional law : unity within diversity
The European Commission 1973-86 : history and memories of an institution
Interinstitutional directory
The European Commission
White paper on the 1996 intergovernmental conference. Vol. 1 (annex), Official texts of the European Union institutions
European Community law : an introduction
European Union English
At the heart of the Union : studies of the European Commission
The Council of ministers
Fact sheets on the European Union
History of the International Atomic Energy Agency : the first forty years
The European Parliament and the democratic deficit
The legacy of environmental policy in Denmark : policy, politics and implementation
The directory of EU information sources
European Union : power and policy-making
German constitutional law : The protection of civil liberties
United Nations handbook : an annual guide for those working with and within the United Nations. 2005/2006
Life of a European mandarin : inside the commission
Foster on EU law
EIA quick guides. 10,, European Union institutions, agencies and other bodies
Openness and transparency : meaningful or meaningless? : access to information on the European Union
Building parliament : 50 years of European Parliament history : 1958-2008
How the European Union works : your guide to the EU institutions
The European Councils : conclusions of the presidency 1996
Who's who in the European Union? : interinstitutional directory
Precooking in the European Union : the world of expert groups : a report to [ESO] the Expert Group on Public Finance
Official handbook of the European Parliament : second electoral period 1984-89
Modeling and control of a pneumatic muscle actuator
The European Commission of the twenty-first century
The creative industries : culture and policy
Abstract (s. 4).
The history of the International Energy Agency : the first thirty years, 1974-2004.. Vol. 4, Supplement to volumes 1, 2 & 3
Forest policies and institutions in Europe 1998-2000
Democracy and deficits : the new political economy of fiscal management reforms in the European Union
European Ombudsmen : newsletter
Rethinking the European Union : IGC 2000 and beyond
EU committees : social regulation, law and politics
EIA quick guides. 17,, Council of the European Union
"A fully revised and expanded new edition of the authoritative text on the European Commission. This major text based on extensive original research introduces and assesses the key factors involved in the Commission's evolution, organization, character, functioning and role"--
European community law
The European Union : an introduction
The directory of EU information sources 1996.
Specialised anti-corruption institutions : review of models
The ILO in the service of social progress : a workers' education manual
Good governance : developing effective board : management relations in public and voluntary organisations
Imperfect alternatives : choosing institutions in law, economics, and public policy
The coordination of the European Union : exploring the capacities of networked governance
Working together - the institutions of the European Community and Union
The European Councils : conclusions of the presidency ..
The politics of the European Union
Lobbying the European Union : institutions, actors, and issues
A creeping transformation? : the European Commission and the management of EU structural funds in Germany
Public policy : a new introduction
Translation at the European Commission : a history
Institutional dynamics of European integration : essays in honour of Henry G. Schermers
The European Union explained : how the European Union works : your guide to the EU institutions
Europa-Parlamentets institutionelle beslutninger : Genscher/Colombo-akten og Den højtidelige Erklæring i Stuttgart: en sammenligning = Parliamentary institutional resolutions, the Genscher-Colombo Act and the Solemn Declaration of Stuttgart : a comparison
Textbook on EC law
European Union : the basics
Guide to European Community grants and loans : for commerce, industry, local authorities, academic and research institutions
Winning ways through corporate governance
"This major new text provides an authoritative introduction to all aspects of politics and policy in the European Union. Written in the author's inimitably accessible style, it brings the European Union to life, giving readers a sense of the color and flavor of European Union politics and its impact on the citizens of Europe. * A major new introductory text specifically designed for students studying the European Union for the first time * Broad and detailed coverage of all aspects of European Union politics and policy and the nature of European integration * Written in the author's inimitably lively and accessible style - an extremely student-friendly new addition to a generally dry and dusty field * Readable and relevant, and alive to the human side of the European Union and the impact it has on the lives of Europe's citizens * Packed with a wide range of maps, charts, photos, and boxed features, including profiles of key figures in the theory and practice of European integration and country profiles of member states * Companion website includes updated materials, self test questions and answers, a searchable chronology glossary of terms, weblinks, and further reading and an instructor's site providing additional teaching resources".
The European Union in the wake of eastern enlargement : institutional and policy-making challenges
The North Atlantic Treaty Organisation : facts and figures
The institutions and bodies of the European Union : who's who in the European Union? : what difference will the Treaty of Nice make?
The struggle for Europe's constitution
Eu guide to consumer affairs 2001.
Running the world : the inside story of the National Security Council and the architects of American Power
Policy-making in the European Union
Information handbook of the Council of the European Union
Basic texts on transparency concerning the activities of the Council of the European Union : february 2000
The European Council
The European Union : what it is and how it works
The Council of Ministers
The European Monetary Union in a public choice perspective
The European social model
