http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4056 arms proliferation
arms proliferation
Firepower
The Security trap : arms race, militarism and disarmament : a concern for Christians
The dead hand : the untold story of the Cold War arms race and its dangerous legacy
The concise untold history of the United States
"Star wars" : delusions and dangers
Nuclear energy and nuclear weapon proliferation
The hard way to peace : a new strategy
A nuclear strategy for India
Paradoxes of war : on the art of national self-entrapment
The Middle East military balance 1994-1995
Whatever happened to the peace dividend : the post-cold war armaments momentum
Bernard Brodie and the bomb : at the birth of the bipolar world
Prohibited weapons - treaties and bibliography
An arms race in outer space - could treaties prevent it? : proceedings of the symposium held on October 30 and November 1, 1985
Nuclear Iran : the birth of an atomic state
Arms transfers and American foreign policy
Landmines : a deadly legacy : the arms project of Human Rights Watch & Physicians for Human Rights
SIPRI yearbook 1986 : world armaments and disarmament
The spread of superweapons - nuclear, chemical, and biological - and the means to deliver them is now out of control and is the single greatest danger facing the world. Critical Mass is the first comprehensive look at how this happened, where current and potential threats are, and what can be done to avert catastrophe. Third World superweapon proliferation is more frightening than the cold war arms race. This new arms race is a genocidal contest, fueled by hatred and meant to settle old racial, ethnic, and religious scores. Authors William E. Burrows and Robert Windrem disclose how Saddam Hussein planned an assembly line of fifteen to twenty atomic bombs a year, provided by an Arab Dr. Strangelove and atomic spies, cynical German industrialists with Nazi heritages, greedy Brazilian businessmen, and an impressive procurement network of arrogant Western politicians and Ph.D.s who consulted on death. Iraq is now a model for nations from Kazakhstan to North Korea, from Iran to India to Indonesia, nations that see Mutual Assured Destruction not as a deterrent but as a temptation. Dealing with proliferation, the authors say, is now Washington's highest foreign policy priority. Success will depend not so much on "techno-fixes" such as export controls as on resolving the underlying issues that divide the Third World. --Provided by publisher.
Disarmament and world economic interdependence
Beam weapons : the next arms race
Arms transfers to the Third World, 1971-85
The red coffin
Weapons proliferation in the Third World and its impact on development
The Baroque arsenal
Military technology, armaments dynamics and disarmament : ABC weapons, military use of nuclear energy and of outer space and implications for international law
ABM : an evaluation of the decision to deploy an antiballistic missile system
Beginnings of the Cold War arms race : the Truman administration and the U.S. arms build-up
The arms race and arms control : [material drawn from the 1982 ed. of SIPRI's Yearbook of World armaments and disarmament]
Beyond deterrence : the political economy of nuclear weapons
Deception : Pakistan, the United States and the global nuclear weapons conspiracy
The atom bomb
Biohazard : the chilling true story of the largest covert biological weapons program in the world, told from the inside by the man who ran it
House of war : the Pentagon and the disastrous rise of american power
Shows how Pakistan built a nuclear arsenal with US aid money and sold the technology to countries hostile to the West, while giving shelter to the resurgent Taliban and al-Qaeda. This work also reveals the much larger deception: how every American administration from Jimmy Carter to George W Bush has actively condoned Pakistan's nuclear activity. --Provided by publisher.
Arms markets and armament policy : the changing structure of naval industries in Western Europe
SIPRI yearbook 2005 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Tasavallan Presidentin uudenvuodentervehdys Moscow News -lehdelle 1.1.1974
The nuclear arms race - control or catastrophe?
Freeze! : how you can help prevent nuclear war
Economic and social consequences of the arms race and of military expenditures : report of the Secretary-General
Cry havoc : the arms race and the Second World War, 1931-41
Militarization and arms production
The arms race at a time of decision : annals of Pugwash 1983
Defence, welfare, and growth
Executive summary (s. 1-11)
SIPRI yearbook 1987 : world armaments and disarmament
Vital signs 1998 : the environmental trends that are shaping our future
SIPRI yearbook 1997 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Military technology
Conclusion (s. 131-149).
Nuclear rivalry and international order
Assessing ballistic missile proliferation and its control
The Navy league annual
Junk feminism and nuclear wannabes : collaging parodies of Iran and North Korea
Cold War at 30,000 feet : the Anglo-American fight for aviation supremacy
The Kremlin's nuclear sword : the rise and fall of Russia's strategic nuclear forces, 1945-2000
Exterminism and cold war
Twilight struggle : the cold war, 1945-1989
SIPRI yearbook 1989 : world armaments and disarmament
SIPRI yearbook 2004 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Nuclear policies in Northeast Asia
The logic of nuclear terror
Hitler's secret weapons 1933-1945 : the essential facts and figures for Germany's secret weapons programme
Military expeditures during and after the cold war
Arms production in developing countries : an analysis of decision making
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1998, 4 : Weapons of war : the challenge of disarmament
The Middle East military balance 1989-1990
Peace theology and the arms race : readings on arms and disarmament
The development of Russian military policy and Finland
The nuclear age : from Hiroshima to star wars
Reagan's war : the epic story of his forty-year struggle and final triumph over communism
S. 185-187: Glossary.
The armed forces of China
SIPRI yearbook 1998 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Warfare state : Britain, 1920-1970
Landmines in war and peace
Conclusion (s. 239-247).
'We ourselves were almost awestruck, not so much at the power of the bomb for this we had expected, but because the Americans had used it with so little notice.' R. V. Jones, head of wartime British scientific intelligence A professor of architecture at Cambridge University, Marcial Echenique, recently became curious when he found wiring concealed under the floorboards of his country mansion, Farm Hall in Godmanchester, Cambridgeshire. The mansion had an astonishing past as an MI6 and M1I9 staging post for some of the most daring secret operations of WWII. But in April, 1945, Farm Hall was to play an even more astounding role, as a 'country club' for ten of Germany's top nuclear physicists after they had been captured in Germany and secretly flown back to England in a daring raid codenamed Operation Big. Every word they uttered was bugged by MI6 eavesdroppers using the wires found by the Professor.
Strategic deterrence in a changing environment
Weapons proliferation in the 1990s
The arms race in an era of negotiations
Soviet 'reasonable sufficiency' and Norwegian security
The programme. [Book one]
Nuclear rights - nuclear wrongs
Overkill : the story of modern weapons
The international arms trade : an ethical reflection
Hitler's engineers : Fritz Todt and Albert Speer - master builders of the Third Reich
SIPRI yearbook 1993 : world armaments and disarmament
The arms trade with the Third world
France & Iraq : oil, arms and French policy making in the Middle East
China's military modernization : international implications
Countdown to space war
SIPRI yearbook 2002 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Weapons in space
No refuge : the crisis of refugee militarization in Africa
Atomic : the first war of physics and the secret history of the atom bomb 1939-49
Studies of war and peace
SIPRI yearbook 1994 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Competing with the Soviets : science, technology, and the state in Cold War America
War in heaven : the arms race in outer space
SIPRI yearbook 2001 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Third World military expenditure : determinants and implications
The atomic bazaar : the rise of the nuclear poor
Disarmament and employment : a study on the employment aspects of military spending and on the possibilities to convert arms production to civilian production
Dissenting visions : the executive, parliament and the problematic Anglo-American Atomic Collaboration in the changes of British atomic foreign policy 1945-6
Imagined enemies : China prepares for uncertain war
SIPRI yearbook 1996 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Game theory and national security
The untold history of the United States
Arming conflict : the proliferation of small arms
SIPRI yearbook 1992 : world armaments and disarmament
Nuclear nightmares : securing the world before it is too late
Arms control and disarmament in outer space : lecture-seminars given at the Centre for Research of Air and Space Law. 1
Arms uncontrolled
Down with Big Brother : the fall of the Soviet empire
Operation Big : the race to stop Hitler's A-bomb
In Cry Havoc Joe Maiolo shows, in detail, how the deadly game of the arms race was played out in the decade prior to the outbreak of the Second World War. He explores how nations reacted to the moves of their rivals, revealing the thinking of those making the key decisions - Hitler, Mussolini, Chamberlain, Stalin, Roosevelt - and the dilemmas of democratic leaders who seemed to be faced with a choice between defending their nations and preserving their democratic way of life.
Tiger's claw
Armaments and disarmament in the nuclear age : a handbook
The militarisation of space
First-strike weapons
The SALT experience
The thief
Arms control and security : current issues
Technology advances & the arms control agenda : 1989 colloquium proceedings
SIPRI yearbook 1999 : armaments, disarmament and international security
SIPRI yearbook 2003 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Armament, tension and war : report and abstracts : Hanaholmen, Esbo, Finland, September 26-28, 1977.
The gun merchants : politics and policies of the major arms suppliers
A failed empire : the Soviet Union in the Cold War from Stalin to Gorbachev
The nuclear seduction : why the arms race doesn't matter and what does
How to make up your mind about the bomb
Defence, security and development
Critical mass : the dangerous race for superweapons in a fragmenting world
Rearming Israel : defense procurement through the 1990s
Arms and armor : notable acquisitions 1991-2002
Iron wolf
Cruise missile profiliteration in the 1990s
The military balance 1991-1992
Handbook of war studies
Arms races : technological and political dynamics
Disarmament and the conversion of arms industries to civil production : a review of possibilities and experiences in Western Europe
On the brink : nuclear proliferation and the Third World
Asia's naval expansion : an arms race in the making?
Vital signs 2003 : the trends that are shaping our future
SIPRI yearbook 1995 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Arms transfers in the modern world
Against the state of nuclear terror
Military technology, military strategy and the arms race
Race to oblivion : a participant's view of the arms race
Missile defence, deterrence and arms control : contradictory aims or compatible goals?
Outer space : politics and law
SIPRI yearbook 1990 : world armaments and disarmament
Strategic nuclear targeting
The Middle East military balance 1985
Threats, weapons and foreign policy
SIPRI yearbook 1991 : world armaments and disarmament
The star wars controversy
Toward nuclear disarmament and global security : a search for alternatives
Has man a future?
Twentieth-century arms & armour
SIPRI yearbook 1988 : world armaments and disarmament
Prohibited weapons : treaties and bibliography
Problems of common security
Risks of unintentional nuclear war
Outer space : a new dimension of the arms race
Security and economy in the Third World
The game of disarmament : how the United States and Russia run the arms race
Britain's war machine : weapons, resources and experts in the second world war
Rulers, guns, and money : the global arms trade in the age of imperialism
Starfire
The strategic significance of the Arctic : background paper presented at the round table seminar : round table seminar "Canadian and Nordic approaches and policies toward Arctic security and cooperation" Helsinki 1-2 September 1987
SIPRI yearbook
The naval arms race
SIPRI yearbook 2000 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Nuclear non-proliferation and global order
