http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p405 relatives
relatives
Living with mum and living with dad : my two homes
Archer has four important role models in his life - his dad, his grandfather, his uncle Paul, and his favorite teacher, Mr. McLeod. When Uncle Paul and Mr. McLeod get married, Archer's sixth-grade year becomes one he'll never forget. --
Oscar and the magic table
Noble causes. Vol. 7 : Powerless
Deaf Children in China
The girl with the dragon tattoo
The secret daughter of the head of an infamous Skilled crime family, Sera Brandt has hidden her past, her potential and especially her powers. But when a tragedy strikes her other family, Sera needs justice. And the only way to get it is to reveal her heritage and take the reins of the Tower Syndicate from her cunning and malicious aunt.
Family, kinship and state in contemporary Europe. Vol. 2, The view from below : nineteen localities
Access to origins : affines, ancestors, and aristocrats
Early onset Dementia- the nurses role in supporting their relatives
Just so happens
The first book to address the Deaf ethnicity debate by tracing the Deaf culture in American back over 300 years * Provides exhaustive pedigrees and lineages of Deaf American families What are ethnic groups? Are Deaf people who sign American Sign Language (ASL) an ethnic group? In The People of the Eye, Deaf studies, history, cultural anthropology, genetics, sociology, and disability studies are brought to bear as the authors compare the vales, customs and social organization of the Deaf World to those in ethnic groups. Arguing against the common representation of ASL signers as a disability group, the authors discuss the many challenges to Deaf ethnicity, in this first book-length examination of these issues. Stepping deeper into the debate around ethnicity status, The People of the Eye also describes in a compelling narrative the story of the founding families of the Deaf World in the US. Tracing ancestry back hundreds of years, the authors reveal that Deaf people's preference to marry other Deaf people led to the creation of Deaf clans, and thus to shared ancestry and the discovery that most ASL signers are born into the Deaf World, and many are kin. In a major contribution to the historical record of Deaf people in the US, The People of the Eye portrays how Deaf people-and hearing people, too-lived in early America. For those curious about their own ancestry in relation to the Deaf World, the figures and an associated website present pedigrees for over two hundred lineages that extend as many as three hundred years and are unique in genealogy research. The book contains an every-name index to the pedigrees, providing a rich resource for anyone who is interested in Deaf culture.
The Brooklyn follies : a novel
Harry and the wrinklies
Happy relationships at home, work & play
Incestuous and close-kin marriage in ancient Egypt and Persia : an examination of the evidence
Early prediction of reading : phonological awareness and related language and cognitive skills in children with a familial risk for dyslexia
Journey to the river sea
The kinship and affinal terminology of the Karesuando Lapps (Sámi)
The chateau on the lake
The people of the eye : deaf ethnicity and ancestry
A small fortune
Families with futures : a survey of family studies for the 21st century
Jude and the relatives of Jesus in the early church
More people to love me
Negotiating family responsibilities
I lost my tooth in Africa
Early onset dementia : the nurses role in supporting their relatives
Campari for breakfast
A house without mirrors
Checkmate
Family, kinship and state in contemporary Europe. Vol. 3, Perspectives on theory and policy
Swedish kinship : an exploration into cultural processes of belonging and continuity
Greedy - Joe-sedän perilliset
Elmer and aunt Zelda
Kinship and personal network in Andalusia
Oath bound
Blue remembered Earth
The Brooklyn follies
Depraved heart : a Scarpetta novel
Eating things on sticks
The mystery of Edwin Drood and Master Humphrey's clock
A family Christmas
Click and Kin is an interdisciplinary examination of how our increasingly mobile and networked age is changing the experience of kinship and connection. Focusing on how identity formation is affected by quick media such as instant messaging, video chat, and social networks, the contributors to this collection use ethnographic and textual analyses, as well as autobiographical approaches, to demonstrate the ways in which the ability to communicate across national boundaries is transforming how we grow together and apart as families, communities, and nations.
Everything on a waffle
The long, hot Summer
The memory of my wardrobe
My grandfather would have shot me : a black woman discovers her family's Nazi past
Noble causes. Vol. 1 : In sickness and in health
This child is also mine : a narrative approach to the phenomenon of atypical custodial grandparenthood
Mog*s family of cats
Window gods : truth sleeps in the seed
Death comes to Pemberley : a novel
Migration, remittance, and belonging among African immigrants in Finland
The book of tomorrow
Ontogeny of nestmate recognition in Formica fusca
Consanguineous marriages in Finland and their implication for genetic disease
The prodigy's cousin : the family link between autism and extraordinary talent
I don't know how she does it : a comedy about failure, a tragedy about success
Death comes to Pemberley
Black rose
A view from the bridge : a play in two acts : with a new introduction
Orange trees of Baghdad : in search of my lost family
Kinship matters
From the fratricide to a family memory
Power, entitlement, and social practice : resource distribution in North China villages
Hyperinsulilemia and insulin resistance are associated with multiple abnormalities of lipoprotein subclasses in glucose-tolerant relatives of NIDDM patients
The sleeping baobab tree
Thicker than water : siblings and their relations, 1780-1920
Click and kin : transnational identity and quick media
The silver star
The hilarious follow-up to 15 Things Not to Do with a Baby has all the warmth and humour of its predecessor, focusing on the relationship between children and their granny. DON'T hide an elephant in Granny's bed. DON'T send Granny up to the moon in a rocket, or wear her pants onyour head, or give her squashed jelly beans on toast for breakfast. But do...dance with Granny, listen to Granny's stories, hug her and love her lots. She loves you!
Family, kinship and state in contemporary Europe. Vol. 1, The century of welfare : eight countries
Saving CeeCee Honeycutt
The Herodian dynasty : origins, role in society and eclipse
Christmas switcheroo
Out of love for my kin : aristocratic family life in the lands of the Loire, 1000-1200
Noble causes. Vol. 8 : Star-crossed
Mini Mia and her darling uncle
Kinship and gender : an introduction
Kin recognition and avoidance of kin cannibalism in the wolf spider Hygrolycosa rubrofasciata
The Kirilov star
Kin groups and social structure
The Finn's tale
Bold as love
The genius of kinship : the phenomenon of human kinship and the global diversity of kinship terminologies
15 things not to do with a granny
La famiglia : the ideology of Sicilian family networks
Blotto, Twinks and the heir to the tsar
Family ties and aging
Widening the family circle : new research on family communication
Two lives
Splash : Anna Hibiscus!
Manual for kinship analysis
Strength in weakness : Bini women in affinal relations
Kinship in Europe : approaches to long-term developments (1300-1900)
The best man
Honour killing : stories of men who killed
My uncle is a hunkle says Clarice Bean
Transregional and transnational families in Europe and beyond : experiences since the middle ages
The mystery of Edwin Drood
The lady of the Rivers
Forced to be family : a guide for living with sinister sisters, drama mamas, and infuriating in-laws
Blind to the bones
Noble causes. Vol. 2 : Family secrets
