http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4066 administrative bodies
administrative bodies governing bodies administrative organs
Corporate governance
Service operations management
Increasing the contribution of small-scale fisheries to poverty alleviation and food security
The institutions of the European Community
A major new introduction to the theories and methods of public policy analysis and the changing nature of the policy process. Comprehensive, up-to-date and truly international in scope, it provides accessible yet sophisticated coverage of the field taking full account of global and multilevel dimensions.
Constitutional law of the European Union
The real world of EU accountability : what deficit?
Managing economic development : a guide to state and local leadership strategies
Evaluation of information system investments
Imperial life in the emerald city : inside Iraq's green zone
Education policy analysis 2003.
Official Vilnius : data as of September 1, 1995
Basic texts of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
Human resources in the foodservice industry : organizational behavior management approaches
Corporate governance, auditor choice and auditor switch : evidence from China
Increasingly, food-based businesses are seen as key solutions to solve our social and environmental problems, and yet entrepreneurs report a surprising lack of access to money to help them get started or grow. Raising Dough is an unprecedented guide that provides social entrepreneurs - as well as their potential supporters - the tools necessary to enable more of these businesses to launch and thrive. Through a mix of case studies and her own personal expertise, social-finance expert Elizabeth U explains what every budding entrepreneur should do even before they begin asking for money, including choosing an appropriate ownership model. She covers a wide range of possible funding sources, from traditional public and institutional grant and loan programs to cutting-edge, community crowdfunding models. Written primarily for people managing socially responsible food businesses, Raising Dough includes resources, strategies, and lessons that can benefit any socially minded entrepreneur and those who would support them, including investors.--COVER.
Working together - the institutions of the European Community
Institutional aspects of agricultural policy formulation process in the European Union
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. [3], [Yhteiskunta, kulttuuri, elinolot]
The pattern of England. Book two
Corporate governance : a practical guide to the legal frameworks and international codes of practice
Introduction to foodservice
The Tauris Soviet directory : the elite of the USSR today
Building parliament : 50 years of European Parliament history : 1958-2008
European governance : preparatory work for the White Paper
Africa in global politics in the twenty-first century : a pan-African perspective
Economic and Social Consultative Assembly : The Economic and Social Committee of the European Communities
Boards at work : how directors view their roles and responsibilities
Good governance : developing effective board : management relations in public and voluntary organisations
Švietimo, mokslo ir kultūros komitetas = The committee on education science and culture
Financial administration in organizing Erasmus Intensive programmes. Case: Promoting Intercultural management in the Baltic Sea Region 2009
Fit for European democracy? : party discipline in the European Parliament
The future of learning : insights and innovations from executive development
Corporate governance : what can be learned from Japan?
Between dictatorship and democracy : Russian post-communist political reform
The European Council
The institutional framework of the European communities
Working together : the institutions of the European Community
American politics in the media age
European Union English
Resettlement from the Russian North : an analysis of state -induced relocation policy
"This book confronts and discusses different conceptions of political representation with respect to their application to the system of multi-level governance in the European Union. Political representation is an essentially contested concept. Its meaning has evolved with the development of representative democracy at the level of the nation state, and normative theories of political representation often evolved as a reflection on developing practices rather than the other way around. Since the EU is not a conventional nation state, and since the effectiveness and legitimacy of classic notions of political representation at the level of the national state has also become a matter of dispute, the EU has become a playground for the development of alternative or additional conceptions of democracy. The contributions to this volume evaluate these alternative conceptions with regard to both their effectiveness and their legitimacy, and combine both conceptual and empirical analyses." --Publisher's description.
Getting agencies to work together : the practice and theory of managerial craftsmanship
The governance of network industries : institutions, technology and policy in reregulated infrastructures
Political representation and European Union governance
The Russian elite in the seventeenth century = Rossijskaâ èlita v 17-om veke. Vol. 2, A quantitative analysis of the "Duma ranks" 1613-1713 = Količestvennyj analiz sostava dumnyh činov 1613-1713 gg
"A new introduction to the European Union which uses the lens of comparative politics. This approach helps students understand the EU through comparisons with domestic politics and links with broader debates in political science. The text is supported by numerous examples, and chapters include briefings, fact files and controversy boxes which highlight important information and controversial issues in EU politics to widen and deepen student understanding. The authors have developed online 'Navigating the EU' exercises that introduce students to useful sources of information on the internet and help them to analyse policy-making in the EU. This textbook is a comprehensive introduction to EU politics and covers history, theory, key institutions and participants, as well as policies and policy-making"--
The European Commission of the twenty-first century
How to arrange HRM-functions in micro-size enterprises : case study TT-Paperi Oy
Europe united? : the European Union and the retreat from federalism
Representing Europeans : a pragmatic approach
The Russian elite in the seventeenth century = Rossijskaâ èlita v 17-om veke. Vol. 1, The consular and ceremonial ranks of the Russian "sovereign's court" 1613-1713 = Dumnye i ceremonial'nye činy Gosudareva dvora 1613-1713 gg
Portrait of the Helsinki region
Aspects of procedure and jurisprudence of the Asian Development Bank administrative tribunal 1991-1996
The coordination of the European Union : exploring the capacities of networked governance
Public administration reforms in Latvia
Knowledge-based working : intelligent operating for the knowledge age
The politics of the European Union
Local government in Sweden
Quality oriented services marketing
The institutions of the European Union
The managers' handbook for European university lifelong learning
Iceland
Harvard business review on corporate governance
Integrated management of European wetlands : final report : July 2004.
Raising dough : the complete guide to financing a socially responsible food business
Enhancing participation in Codex activities : an FAO/WHO training package
Management in service industries
The government and politics of the European Union
The European Union with or without a constitution : a response to citizens ́ questions
A history of political institutions in Japan
Regents of nations : systematic chronology of states and their political representatives in past and present : a biographical reference book = Regenten der Nationen : systematische Chronologie der Staaten und ihrer politischen Repräsentanten in Vergangenheit und Gegenwart : ein biographisches Nachschlagewerk. Pt. 2, Asia, Australia - Oceania
The marketing director's role in business planning and corporate governance
Department of Food and Health
Agriculture and food
Abstract.
Roll call analysis of voting in the European Union council of ministers after the 2004 enlargement
Openness and transparency in the EU institutions : Seminar on Openness and Transparency in the European Institutions, 22 November 1995, Brussels
Profile of the hotel and catering industry
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Bodies within national parliaments specialising in European Community affairs
Access to European Union : law, economics, policies
Crisis management in the food and drinks industry : a practical approach
Foodservice organizations : a managerial and systems approach
Smith and Bailey on the modern English legal system
Participation in artisanal fisheries management for improved livelihoods in West Africa : a synthesis of interviews and cases from Mauritania, Senegal, Guinea and Ghana
Regents of nations : systematic chronology of states and their political representatives in past and present : a biographical reference book = Regenten der Nationen : systematische Chronologie der Staaten und ihrer politischen Repräsentanten in Vergangenheit und Gegenwart : ein biographisches Nachschlagewerk. Part 1, Africa, America
Brussels bureaucrats? : the administration of the European Union
Civil protection systems in the Baltic Sea region : towards integration in civil protection training
The working constitution of the United Kingdom and its outgrowths
The recurrent crisis in corporate governance
Party and government officials of the Soviet Union 1917-1967
Law and institutions of the European Communities
Public policy : a new introduction
The role of farmers and professional agricultural organizations as partners of governments in developing and implementing policies
Governance for health care providers : the call to leadership
In this twenty-first century, Africa has become an important source of the United States' energy imports and the world's natural resources. It has also become the epicenter of the world's deadly health epidemic, HIV/AIDS, and one of the battlegrounds in the fight against terrorism. With Nigeria and South Africa leading the continent, Africa has become a major player to be reckoned with in the global affairs.
At the heart of the Union : studies of the European Commission
Contested decisions : empirical analysis of voting in the European union council of ministers
Managing the laboratory animal facility
Rethinking the European Union : IGC 2000 and beyond
Winning ways through corporate governance
