http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4062 tax-free sales
tax-free sales
Chinese customers' purchasing behavior in Helsinki-Vantaa airport tax-free shop cosmetic section
Tax-free shopping in Kajaani by Russian tourists
Russians' shopping tourism in Helsinki : Case: Global Blue Finland Ltd
The significance of duty-free sales on board ferries to the transnational transport system in the Baltic Sea Region
The purpose of this thesis; market research project has been to investigate the current state of consumer behavior and brand awareness in Tallink travel retail. Case: Viking Fjord Vodka and Braastad Cognac. Clear and well designed consumer research is needed to observe and explain Consumer Behavior has a direct effect on a company's success. Satisfied consumers are important to the company because they purchase the products regularly and they spread a positive word of mouth and thereby it is easier to build long term relationship with customers when the consumers are satisfied for the product. Satisfied consumers are ready to pay for the good products. High consumer satisfaction also improves company's reputation. For this case based research, the objective was to find out consumer behavior and brand awareness of vodka and cognac product. Arcus Finland Oy Ltd has not measured its products consumer satisfaction and brand awareness before. The primary purpose of this study is to investigate the structure of consumer behavior to make product purchases through travel retail. In the theory part Total Planned Behavior (TPB) method is used which is modified to this research; to asses the structure of the consumer decision making process. This research will give basis for developing the operations. The survey wad carried out in February 2005 by using quantitative research method. The data was collected by using an informed inquiry. The questionnaires were distributed to the Tallink travel retail consumers during the voyage.
Trade problems concerning the general sale of goods between companies in Åland and Sweden du to the Åland tax exemption
The social and economic consequences of abolishing "duty free" within the European Union : arguments for a full report
A study on Chinese consumer buying behavior at airport duty-free shops
Consumer behaviour and brand awareness of Viking Fjord Vodka & Braastad Cognac in duty free markets : case: Tallink travel retail
The object of this work is to study Chinese consumers' purchasing behavior at Helsinki-Vantaa airport Tax-free shop to improve one company's performance. The case study was carried out at Finavia Non-Schengen Tax-free shop cosmetic section.    The theoretical framework concentrated on Chinese consumers' purchasing behavior, it starts with the marketing mix and is followed by discussing external and internal factors which influence the purchasing process of Chinese consumer aligned with Chinese culture. The post purchasing behavior under unique airport environment has also been analyzed.     The empirical research was implemented by using both qualitative and quantitative method. Questionnaires were distributed to 74 Chinese consumers during December, 2011 and all of them were returned, another 26 interviews with similar questions were conducted at the same period. There are 13 close/open-ended core questions designed for collecting information in order to understand their purchasing behavior. The findings of this study indicate that Chinese consumers' behavior is heavily influenced by the Chinese culture, and by understanding that, the management could create a win-win situation. Few constructional suggestions were given accordingly to further improve the performances of the management.The object of this work is to study Chinese consumers' purchasing behavior at Helsinki-Vantaa airport Tax-free shop to improve one company's performance. The case study was carried out at Finavia Non-Schengen Tax-free shop cosmetic section.    The theoretical framework concentrated on Chinese consumers' purchasing behavior, it starts with the marketing mix and is followed by discussing external and internal factors which influence the purchasing process of Chinese consumer aligned with Chinese culture. The post purchasing behavior under unique airport environment has also been analyzed.     The empirical research was implemented by using both qualitative and quantitative method. Questionnaires were distributed to 74 Chinese consumers during December, 2011 and all of them were returned, another 26 interviews with similar questions were conducted at the same period. There are 13 close/open-ended core questions designed for collecting information in order to understand their purchasing behavior. The findings of this study indicate that Chinese consumers' behavior is heavily influenced by the Chinese culture, and by understanding that, the management could create a win-win situation. Few constructional suggestions were given accordingly to further improve the performances of the management.
Tax-free shopping in Kajaani by Russian Tourists
