http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4064 freedom
freedom liberty
Between exploitation and communism : explorations in the Marxian theory of justice and freedom
The idea of freedom : a dialectical examination of the conceptions of freedom
F**ck it : do what you love
The liberation
On freedom
Freedom is one of the central themes of classical German philosophy. For Kant freedom is the "keystone of the edifice of a system of pure reason." Fichte called his Science of Knowledge the "first system of freedom." To the early Schelling freedom is "the alpha and omega of all philosophy," while the later Schelling joins the philosophy of freedom with the question of the origin of evil. Hegel conceives freedom as "the essence of spirit," whose concrete forms in art, religion, and world history it is the task of philosophy to describe. The articles collected in the 9th volume of the Internationales Jahrbuch des Deutschen Idealismus/International Yearbook of German Idealism offer views from different perspectives on the diverse significance and systematic function distinctive of the concept of freedom in classical German philosophy.
The one and only Ivan
The invention of free press : writers and censorship in eigteenth century Europe
Rousseau's theory of freedom
Tax-free shopping in Kajaani by Russian Tourists
Faith, freedom and the future
From the natural man to the political machine : sovereignty and power in the works of Thomas Hobbes
Quests for freedom : biblical-historical- contemporary
Tax-free shopping in Kajaani by Russian tourists
On liberty and other essays
Markets not capitalism : individualist anarchism against bosses, inequality, corporate power, and structural poverty
Battle lines in the Chinese blogosphere : keyword control as a tactic in managing mass incidents
The constitution of liberty
On anarchism
Leisure studies : Volume III, key concepts
The experience of freedom
Liberty against power : essays by Roy A. Childs, jr
A girl called Fearless
Freedom and culture
Rational choice and psychology in crisis decision-making
The ethics of liberty
The origins of modern freedom in the West
Free? : stories celebrating human rights
Escape everything!
Prisoners of society : attitudes and after-care
Marxism and the leap to the kingdom of freedom : the rise and fall of the Communist utopia
The fear of freedom
Free press/free people : the best cause
The upgrade : a cautionary tale of a life without reservations
Liberal loyalty : freedom, obligation, and the state
This book, first published in 1989, relates a theory of liberty to the practice of education, and reveals the implications of beliefs about freedom for our schools and classrooms. The author makes a reasoned plea for society to have more respect for children and not treat them as an inferior sub-species. The central argument of this book is for greater education in democracy, and greater democracy in education. This title will be of interest to students of the philosophy of education.
Animal liberation : a graphic guide
Who will roll away the stone? : discipleship queries for first world Christians
Personal autonomy : beyond negative and positive liberty
You will die : the burden of modern taboos
Freedom under the law
Thucydides and the pursuit of freedom
The idler : 20th anniversary special. No 46, Free spirits : interviews 1993-2013
The logic of liberty : reflections and rejoinders
Dreams of freedom : in words and pictures
On liberty : annotated text sources and background criticism
Utilitarianism ; Liberty ; Representative government ; Selections from Auguste Comte and positivism
Linking - the human rights perspective
Concord and liberty
The handmaid's tale
Elijah of Buxton
Life ahead : on learning and the search for meaning
Time: now! : peace through faith in widest freedom : the political ideas of Salvador de Madariaga.... : his efforts to educate, lead and "save" mankind
Probation : a changing service
Freedom in the world : political rights and civil liberties 1986-1987
Liberty, law and justice
On liberty ; The subjection of women
Community supervision for offenders : a new model of probation
Liberty revisited : a historical and systematic account of an egalitarian conception of liberty and legitimacy
The soul of the marionette : a short enquiry into human freedom
Educational perspectives on recognition theory
Freedom : a history
Son
Freedom and indoctrination in education : international perspectives
The mechanical
Memory and Identity : conversations at thedawn of a Millennium
Freedom, repression, and private property in Russia
The idea of freedom : essays in honour of Isaiah Berlin
On determinism and freedom
Organizational dissent and workplace freedom of speech : a qualitative study of young professional intra-urban migrant workers in Shanghai
Through a screen darkly : popular culture, public diplomacy, and America's image abroad
Jonathan Livingston Seagull
Consent of the networked : the worldwide struggle for Internet freedom
William Tell and the apple of freedom
The Magna Carta manifesto : liberties and commons for all
Abstract: Seven conceptions of liberty.
Scientific responsibility and public control : proceedings from a workshop 10-11 August 1992
"The Routledge Handbook of Chinese Media is a prestigious reference work providing an overview of the study of Chinese media. The editors bring together an interdisciplinary perspective with contributions from an international team of renowned scholars on subjects such as television, journalism and the internet and social media. Locating Chinese media within a regional setting by focusing on 'Greater China', the People's Republic of China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and overseas Chinese communities; the chapters highlight the convergence of media and platforms in the region and emphasise the multi-directional and trans-national character of media and information flows in East Asia"-- Provided by publisher.
Christianity and freedom. Volume 1, Historical perspectives
Free children and democratic schools : a philosophical study of liberty and education
Hayek on liberty
Measures of freedom of choice
Future of internet news portals after the case of Delfi
The ethical primate : humans, freedom and morality
Freedom of the individual
I am the mechanical they named Jax. My kind was built to serve humankind, duty-bound to fulfil their every whim. But now our bonds are breaking, and my brothers and sisters are awakening. Our time has come. A new age is dawning. Set in a world that might have been, of mechanical men and alchemical dreams, this is the third and final novel in a stunning series of revolution by Ian Tregillis.
"Personal information contained in your emails, phone calls, GPS movements and social media is a hot commodity, and corporations are cashing in by mining and selling the data they collect about our private lives. "Spying on Democracy" reveals how the government acquires and uses such information to target those individuals and/or groups it deems threatening"--
Freedom : a philosophical anthology
Ravenheart : a novel of the Rigante
What does it mean to be human? : a new interpretation of freedom in world history
Liberty
Polity and economy: an interpretation of the principles of Adam Smith
Jax, a rogue Clakker, has wreaked havoc upon the Clockmakers' Guild by destroying the Grand Forge. Reborn in the flames, he must begin his life as a free Clakker, but liberation proves its own burden.  Berenice, formerly the legendary spymaster of New France, mastermind behind her nation's attempts to undermine the Dutch Hegemony -- has been banished from her homeland and captured by the Clockmakers Guild's draconian secret police force. Meanwhile, Captain Hugo Longchamp is faced with rallying the beleaguered and untested defenders of Marseilles-in-the-West for the inevitable onslaught from the Brasswork Throne and its army of mechanical soldiers.
The gift of freedom : war, debt, and other refugee passages
Philosophy bites back
Essays on freedom of action
Freedom of the press : a framework of principle : a report from the Commission on Freedom of the Press
The future for ocean technology
A vindication of the rights of men with a Vindication of the rights of woman and hints
Freedom and reason
On liberty
Keeping the door ajar : local border traffic regimes on the EU’s eastern borders
The conscience of an anarchist : why it's time to say good-bye to the state and build a free society
Will and mechanisms
There is no such thing as a free press : and we need one more than ever
Invisible influence : the hidden forces that shape behavior
Thinking about liberty : an historian's approach
One last breath : a Cooper & Fry mystery
Shouting fire on crowded internet : examining the ethical arguments for Internet censorship: case Cleanfeed United Kingdom
Routledge handbook of Chinese media
Freedom versus necessity in international relations : human-centred approaches to security and development
The Clakker: a mechanical man, endowed with great strength and boundless stamina -- but beholden to the wishes of its human masters. Soon after the Dutch scientist and clockmaker Christiaan Huygens invented the very first Clakker in the 17th Century, the Netherlands built a whole mechanical army. It wasn't long before a legion of clockwork fusiliers marched on Westminster, and the Netherlands became the world's sole superpower. Three centuries later, it still is. Only the French still fiercely defend their belief in universal human rights for all men -- flesh and brass alike. After decades of warfare, the Dutch and French have reached a tenuous cease-fire in a conflict that has ravaged North America. But one audacious Clakker, Jax, can no longer bear the bonds of his slavery. He will make a bid for freedom, and the consequences of his escape will shake the very foundations of the Brasswork Throne.
The world of freedom : Heidegger, Foucault, and the politics of historical ontology
Networked : Carabella on the run
Erich Fromm and Critical Humor Research
The myth of freedom and the way of meditation
The perfection of freedom : Schiller, Schelling and Hegel between the ancients and the moderns
Punishment : the supposed justifications
Dimensions of freedom : an analysis
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
This book presents the results of an intense multi-year international and interdisciplinary cooperation. In a multi-perspective approach, it develops the themes: Freedom and slavery (Ron Soodalter, Manfred Oeming, Elisabeth Schüssler Fiorenza, Katharina von Kellenbach); autonomy and concepts of freedom (Rüdiger Bittner, Peter Lampe, Cyril Hovorun, Risto Saarinen, Friederike Nüssel); freedom given and shaped by God (Patrick Miller, Beverly Gaventa, Larry Hurtado, Hans-loachim Eclctein); freedom as an ethos of belonging and solidarity (Jan Gertz, Jürgen van Oorschot, Dirk Smit, Jindrich Halama); freedom, human rights and theological orientation (Carver Yu, Susan Abraham, Francis Schüssler Fiorenza, Michael Welker).
Homeschooling, freedom of conscience, and the school as republican sanctuary: an analysis of arguments representing polar conceptions of the secular state and religious neutrality
The fifth agreement  : a practical guide to self-mastery
In Volume 1 of Christianity and Freedom, leading historians uncover the unappreciated role of Christianity in the development of basic human rights and freedoms from antiquity through today. These include radical notions of dignity and equality, religious freedom, liberty of conscience, limited government, consent of the governed, economic liberty, autonomous civil society, and church-state separation, as well as more recent advances in democracy, human rights, and human development. Acknowledging that the record is mixed, scholars document how the seeds of freedom in Christianity antedate and ultimately undermine later Christian justifications and practices of persecution. Drawing from history, political science, and sociology, this volume will become a standard reference work for historians, political scientists, theologians, students, journalists, business leaders, opinion shapers, and policymakers.
Freedom of expression in the 21st century
The concept of freedom in anthropology
Freedom in Greek life and thought : the history of an ideal
Freedom of choice
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
Religion in the mirror of law : Eastern European perspectives from the early modern period to 1939
Like a mule bringing ice cream to the sun
In other words
The idler. No 44, Mind your business : a collection of essays on the art of living
Free activities and interpersonal relations
Freedom and serfdom : an anthology of Western thought
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
Legitimizing human rights : secular and religious perspectives
Conceptions of liberty in political philosophy
Freedom and the law
The structure of freedom
Another freedom : the alternative history of an idea
Preaching liberation ; James H. Harris
The beginning of the 21st century has witnessed distinctive examples of a global politicized Islam: Islamic controversies originating in the actions of non-Muslims. The most important of these has been the 'cartoon crisis', originating in the cartoons of Mohammad published by the Danish Jyllands-Posten . The article describes and analyzes the reactions of Muslims as they developed in the context of the cartoon crisis. The significance of the Islamic public sphere in understanding the crisis is discussed in theoretical terms. It is argued that the crisis demonstrated the significance of a mass effect as a prducer of global Islam, of the struggle for control of public sphere, and of the creation of counter-publics. The analysis deals with the nature of the political activity connected to the crisis. Themes discussed in the article include the politics of recognition, community victimization, the principle of collective responsibility, and processual politics.
Essential works of John Stuart Mill
Essays on value, preference, and freedom
From his earliest days, Lincoln spoke to the public directly through the press. When war broke out and the nation was tearing itself apart, Lincoln authorized the most widespread censorship in the nation's history, closing down papers that were "disloyal" and even jailing or exiling editors who opposed enlistment or sympathized with secession. The telegraph, the new invention that made instant reporting possible, was moved to the office of Secretary of War Stanton to deny it to unfriendly newsmen. Holzer shows us politicized newspaper editors battling for power, and a masterly president using the press to speak directly to the people and shape the nation.
This moose belongs to me
Fuck it : the ultimate spiritual way
Freedom of artistic expression : essays on culture and legal censure
The noodle maker of Kalimpong : the untold story of my struggle for Tibet
Herbert Marcuse : an aesthetics of liberation
Freedom : an introduction with readings
Elbow room : the varieties of free will worth wanting
Monuments & maidens : the allegory of the female form
Two ways to freedom ; christianity and democracy in the thought of István Bibó and Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Freedom regained : the possibility of free will
Secrecy and the right to know
Spying on democracy : government surveillance, corporate power and public resistance
The problem of freedom in postmodern education
A history of drugs : drugs and freedom in the liberal age
Freedom and civilization
Scholarly freedom in Sweden
International and legal problems of the Gulf
"The startlingly original look at life on the streets of Baghdad during the Iraq War inspired by true events arrives in a stunning new softcover edition. In this provocative graphic novel, superstar comics writer Brian K. Vaughan examines life on the streets of war-torn Iraq. In the spring of 2003, a pride of lions escaped from the Baghdad Zoo during an American bombing raid. Lost and confused, hungry but finally free, the four lions roamed the decimated streets of Baghdad in a desperate struggle for their lives. In documenting the plight of the lions, PRIDE OF BAGHDAD raises questions about the true meaning of liberation: Can it be given, or is it earned only through self-determination and sacrifice? And in the end, is it truly better to die free than to live life in captivity? This moving graphic novel is inspired by true events. This new Deluxe Edition hardcover presents the original graphic novel, plus developmental art and more". / Provided by publisher.
Freedom and tradition in Hegel : reconsidering anthropology, ethics, and religion
Keep the aspidistra flying
"When capitalism is clearly catastrophically out of control and its excesses cannot be sustained socially or ecologically, the ideas of Herbert Marcuse become as relevant as they were in the 1960s. This is the first English introduction to Marcuse to be published for decades, and deals specifically with his aesthetic theories and their relation to a critical theory of society. Although Marcuse is best known as a critic of consumer society, epitomised in the classic One-Dimensional Man, Malcolm Miles provides an insight into how Marcuse's aesthetic theories evolved within his broader attitudes, from his anxiety at the rise of fascism in the 1930s through heady optimism of the 1960s, to acceptance in the 1970s that radical art becomes an invaluable progressive force when political change has become deadlocked. Marcuse's aesthetics of liberation, in which art assumes a primary role in interrupting the operation of capitalism, made him a key figure for the student movement in the 1960s. As diverse forms of resistance rise once more, a new generation of students, scholars and activists will find Marcuse's radical theory essential to their struggle"--Publisher's website.
Lincoln and the power of the press : the war for public opinion
Freedom of conscience : proceedings : seminar
Mill's On liberty : critical essays
Free children and democratic schools : a philosophical study of liberty and education / Rosemary Chamberlin
Why men fight
Of human freedom
Conditional sentencing as an alternative to imprisonment
The internet : a global free space with limited state control
Freedom and determination
Undoing the demos : neoliberalism's stealth revolution
Paul, grace and freedom : essays in honour of John K. Riches
Kant's theory of freedom
The rising
Situation and human existence : freedom, subjectivity and society
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
Right to information and freedom of press
Your sacred self : making the decision to be free
A discourse of free-thinking
The astonishing life of Octavian Nothing traitor to the nation. Volume II :  The kingdom of the waves
Marina Warner explores the tradition of personifying liberty, justice, wisdom, charity, and other ideals and desiderata in the female form, and examines the tension between women's historic and symbolic roles. Drawing on the evidence of public art, especially sculpture, and painting, poetry, and classical mythology, she ranges over the allegorical presence of the woman in the Western tradition with a sharply observant eye and a piquant and engaging style.
Freedom and determinism
Freedom of the press from Zenger to Jefferson : early American libertarian theories
We the living
The secular outlook : in defense of moral and political secularism
Freedom and nature : the voluntary and the involuntary
Pride of Baghdad : inspired by a true story
Working with offenders
In a free state : the novel
Liberty for the twenty-first century : contemporary libertarian thought
The worldview of Robert Morris : the case of a man of practice in the American revolutionary era
Freedom in the world : political rights and civil liberties 1980
The meaning of freedom
Dissent in the church
Freedom's moment : an essay on the French idea of liberty from Rousseau to Foucault
Freedom of information
Globalized Islam in Europe: the cartoon crisis as transnational politics
The giver
Reintegration as recognition : ex-combatant and veteran politics in Namibia
Oppression and liberty
Freedom : its meaning
Urban liberties and citizenship from the Middle Ages up to now = Libertés et citoyenneté urbaines du moyen âge à nos jours = Städtische Freiheiten und bürgerliche Partizipation vom Mittelalter bis heute : actes du colloque 2009 de la Commission internationale pour l'Histoire des villes
Positive liberty : an essay in normative political philosophy
