http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p407 close ones
close ones
Measuring the harm of illicit drug use on friends and family
Dance of death
Living the good long life : a practical guide to caring for yourself and others
Since the Damn Stupid turned the clock back on civilization by centuries, the world has been a harsher place. But Elka has learned everything she needs to survive from the man she calls Trapper, the solitary hunter who took her in when she was just seven years old. So when Elka sees the Wanted poster in town, her simple existence is shattered. Her Trapper – Kreagar Hallet – is wanted for murder. Even worse, Magistrate Lyon is hot on his trail, and she wants to talk to Elka.
Intimate collaborations : Kandinsky and Münter, Arp & Taeuber
When breath becomes air
A question of blood
Feeling hurt in close relationships
The happy ever after of Rosie Potter (RIP)
Nonverbal communication in close relationships
Adult patient family needs in acute care settings : a literature review
Remember me like this : a novel
After the suicide : helping the bereaved to find a path from grief to recovery
On the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. Just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. Kalanithi chronicles his transformation from a naïve medical student into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.
Living with mental illness : a book for relatives and friends
The silver dark sea
Supportive communication in Al-Anon mutual-aid groups
All the possibilities
The relational self, the social bond and the dynamics of personal relationships : a sociological analysis
We need to talk about grief : how to be a friend to the one who's left behind
All the wrong places : a life lost and found
Twins talk : what twins tell us about person, self, and society
Dynamics of hope in adult persons living with HIV/AIDS and their significant others : a substantive theory
Rationality and moral theory : how intimacy generates reasons
In the aftermath of the failed attempt to rescue her mother from General Kazan (now dead), Sasara must cope with the loss of allies and her new blindness / WorldCat.
Loving someone who has dementia : how to find hope while coping with stress and grief
Living with someone who's living with bipolar disorder : a practical guide for family, friends, and coworkers
Palliative care nursing : principles and evidence for practice
Impossible to please : how to deal with perfectionist coworkers, controlling spouses and other incredibly critical people
The short second life of Bree Tanner : an eclipse novella
Treating dementia in context : a step-by-step guide to working with individuals and families
Hurt feelings : theory, research, and applications in intimate relationships
Satisfaction in close relationships
APA handbook of personality and social psychology. Vol. 3, Interpersonal relations
Effective grief and bereavement support : the role of family, friends, colleagues, schools, and support professionals
"At the age of 36, on the verge of a completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi's health began to falter. He started losing weight and was wracked by waves of excruciating back pain. A CT scan confirmed what Paul, deep down, had suspected: he had stage four lung cancer, widely disseminated. One day, he was a doctor making a living treating the dying, and the next, he was a patient struggling to live. Just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined, the culmination of decades of striving, evaporated. With incredible literary quality, philosophical acuity, and medical authority, When Breath Becomes Air approaches the questions raised by facing mortality from the dual perspective of the neurosurgeon who spent a decade meeting patients in the twilight between life and death, and the terminally ill patient who suddenly found himself living in that liminality. At the base of Paul's inquiry are essential questions, such as: What makes life worth living in the face of death? What happens when the future, instead of being a ladder toward the goals of life, flattens out into a perpetual present? When faced with a terminal diagnosis, what does it mean to have a child, to nuture a new life as another one fades away? As Paul wrote, "Before my cancer was diagnosed, I knew that someday I would die, but I didn't know when. After the diagnosis, I knew that someday I would die, but I didn't know when. But now I knew it acutely. The problem wasn't really a scientific one. The fact of death is unsettling. Yet there is no other way to live." Paul Kalanithi passed away in March 2015, while working on this book"--
Man in the dark
The meaning of others : narrative studies of relationships
The wolf road
The legacy family : the definitive guide to creating a successful multigenerational family
Tapestry of fortunes : a novel
Close encounters : communication in relationships
"Twins Talk is an ethnographic study of identical twins in the United States, a study unique in that it considers what twins have to say about themselves, instead of what researchers have written about them. It presents, in the first person, the grounded and practical experiences of twins as they engage, both individually and together, the "who am I" and "who are we" questions of life. Here, the twins themselves are the stars. Dona Lee Davis conducted conversational interviews with twenty-two sets of identical twins attending the Twins Days Festival in Twinsburg, Ohio, the largest such gathering in the world. Lively and often opinionated, each twin comes through as a whole person who at the same time maintains a special bond that the vast majority of people will never experience. The study provides a distinctive and enlightening insider's challenge to the nature/nurture debates that dominate contemporary research on twins. The author, herself an identical twin, draws on aspects of her own life to inform her analysis of the data throughout the text. Each chapter addresses a different theme from multiple viewpoints, including those of popular science writers, scientific researchers, and singletons, as well as those of the twins themselves"--
Counseling clients near the end of life : a practical guide for mental health professionals
KBO : the Churchill secret
Man in the Dark
Growing together : personal relationships across the life span
User involvement in designing a web-based support system for young carers : inspiring views and systemic barriers
The descent
Audarya-lila : the death of Tuomas Mäkinen
A description of the help received by cancer patient's relatives in their adjustment
Why is it always about you? : the seven deadly sins of narcissism
"For readers of Atul Gawande, Andrew Solomon, and Anne Lamott, a profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir by a young neurosurgeon faced with a terminal cancer diagnosis who attempts to answer the question What makes a life worth living? At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. One day he was a doctor treating the dying, and the next he was a patient struggling to live. And just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. When Breath Becomes Air chronicles Kalanithi's transformation from a naïve medical student "possessed," as he wrote, "by the question of what, given that all organisms die, makes a virtuous and meaningful life" into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.What makes life worth living in the face of death? What do you do when the future, no longer a ladder toward your goals in life, flattens out into a perpetual present? What does it mean to have a child, to nurture a new life as another fades away? These are some of the questions Kalanithi wrestles with in this profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir. Paul Kalanithi died in March 2015, while working on this book, yet his words live on as a guide and a gift to us all. "I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed nothing and everything," he wrote. "Seven words from Samuel Beckett began to repeat in my head: 'I can't go on. I'll go on.'" When Breath Becomes Air is an unforgettable, life-affirming reflection on the challenge of facing death and on the relationship between doctor and patient, from a brilliant writer who became both.Advance praise for When Breath Becomes Air "Rattling, heartbreaking, and ultimately beautiful, the too-young Dr. Kalanithi's memoir is proof that the dying are the ones who have the most to teach us about life."--Atul Gawande "Thanks to When Breath Becomes Air, those of us who never met Paul Kalanithi will both mourn his death and benefit from his life. This is one of a handful of books I consider to be a universal donor--I would recommend it to anyone, everyone."--Ann Patchett"--
Afterwords : letters on the death of Virginia Woolf
Abstract: Informal care in the context of social policy.
Men coping with grief
