http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4072 foster parents
foster parents
Gaia succeeds in leading her people to Wharfton and the Enclave, but rebellion there threatens them all just when everything they have dreamed of seems to be at hand.
Abstract.
Every time a bell rings
Adoptive and foster parent screening : a professional guide for evaluations
Then came you
Family and parenthood : supporting families, preventing breakdown
Foster carers : why they stay and why they leave
Too hurt to stay : the true story of a troubled boy's desperate search for a loving home
Managing children's disruptive behaviour : a guide for practitioners working with parents and foster parents
The blind years : a novel
On the loose : a novel
Ethnographies of breastfeeding : cultural contexts and confrontations
Origins of love
Defining the family : law, technology, and reproduction in an uneasy age
Decision in child care
The book thief
The illustrated mum
Starring Tracy Beaker
The big picture : a novel
The boy at the top of the mountain
Forever family
Undead and unworthy
Helping foster children in school : a guide for foster parents, social workers and teachers
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
Promised
Adoption now : messages from research
Forever yours = Ikuisesti sinun
Remarried family relationships
Birth of an adoptive, foster or stepmother : beyond biological mothering attachments
Wombs in labor : transnational commercial surrogacy in India
The heartbreaking true story of a young, troubled mother who needed help. The sixteenth fostering memoir by Cathy Glass. It s a big, exciting moment for Laura when she decides to finally take her new baby out to the school playground for the first time ever. What should be a happy, magical moment quickly sours, however, when Laura suddenly feels queasy and runs off back home. None of the other schoolyard mothers seem to notice this troubled, struggling woman apart from Cathy. But when Cathy tries to help, she finds herself hitting wall after wall. Laura needs medical help but refuses to see a doctor. Her own cold mother refuses to help. It is left to Cathy to try and bring light to this dark and dangerous place.
Trapped : the terrifying true story of a young girl's secret world of abuse
Sister's choice
The true story of two neglected little children saved from abuse and transformed by the love and care of foster mother Maggie Hartley.
The RHP companion to foster care
The silent cry : alone, there is nothing Kim can do as her mother's mental health spirals out of control
Children exposed to parental substance misuse : implications for family placement
Residential child care : international perspectives on links with families and peers
Coparenting : a conceptual and clinical examination of family systems
Foster care therapist handbook : relational approaches to the children and their families
Identifying needs and promoting the empowerment of Kenyan AIDS orphans and their foster families
An Impossible Decision is the true story of Faye, a wonderful young woman who may never be able to parent her unborn child.
Tiny Prisoners: Two siblings trapped in a world of abuse. One woman determined to free them
The online world of surrogacy
Can I let you go? : a heartbreaking true story of love, loss and moving on
Why so sad, Brown Rabbit?
Custodial grandparenting : individual, cultural, and ethnic diversity
Fostering now : messages from research
What she left behind
Assessing the support needs of adopted children and their families : building secure new lives
This child is also mine : a narrative approach to the phenomenon of atypical custodial grandparenthood
Trafficking in children in Lapland in the 19th century
"In this variation on the Cinderella story, Ash grows up believing in the fairy realm that the king and his philosophers have sought to suppress, until one day she must choose between a handsome fairy cursed to love her and the King's Huntress whom she loves."/WordCat
Counting by 7s
Tracy Beaker trilogy
In care and after : a positive perspective
Shared fate : a theory of adoption and mental health
Ash
Tommy Glover's sketch of heaven
Going home : the return of children separated from their families
Dani's story : a journey from neglect to love
The dare game
Then Came You
The adoption triangle revisited : a study of adoption, search and reunion experiences
Summary.
Dramatherapy and social theatre : necessary dialogues
Damaged : the heartbreaking true story of a forgotten child
Earwig and the witch
Twelve-year-old genius and outsider Willow Chance must figure out how to connect with other people and find a surrogate family for herself after her parents are killed in a car accident.
The memory keeper's daughter
Attachment handbook for foster care and adoption
Family ties : a novel
The Book Thief & I Am the Messenger
Enhancing parenting skills : a guide book for professionals working with parents
