http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4074 parents
parents
The impact of child placement on family bonds among parents
Born too early : a practical guide for parents of babies born prematurely
Sister's choice
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
The red house
The effects of combining kangaroo care and parental singing on premature infants' and parents' wellbeing and development of parent-infant relationship
Internet through the eyes of 11-year-old children : first-hand experiences from the technological environment children live in
Lesbian and gay parents and their children : research on the family life cycle
Sand chronicles. Vol. 10
The meaning of physiotherapy : experiences of parents of young adults with impairment
Flying Free
Maternal care and mental health : a report prepared on behalf of the World Health Organization as a contribution to the United Nations programme for the welfare of homeless children
The virgin suicides
Socks are not enough
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
What the light hides
Increasing non-exercise physical activity : extended theory of planned behaviour model testing and the role of stress within sedentary parents
Promised
The language of dying
Postoperative pain management in hospitalized children : focus on non-pharmacological pain relieving methods from the viewpoints of nurses, parents and children
Early Interaction in Kiasma's Babies Play with Colour Workshops : A Survey on Parents' Perceptions
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
This heartwarming women's fiction series from beloved New York Times bestselling author Mary Alice Monroe centers on Marietta Colson Muir, a dowager of Charleston society who has retired to her historic summer home on Sullivan's Island called Conquest, and her three granddaughters Carson, Eudora, and Harper. It's summer once again on idyllic Sullivan's Island, but Eudora, or Dora as she's affectionately called by her family, is feeling anything but perfect. With a perpetually withdrawn son and an impending divorce, the pressure is just too much to handle, and Dora cracks, suffering what the doctors are calling 'Broken Heart' syndrome. Mamaw, Lucille, Harper, and Carson all rally around Dora to support her and nurse her back to health--however, it seems Dora isn't the only one falling apart this summer. Between Lucille's health scare and an unexpected surprise that has Carson reconsidering her life's direction, it looks like all the women of Sullivan's Island could use some TLC. When Sullivan's is hit with a tropical storm, it will be up to the three sisters to band together and weather the tempest together--both the one outside their windows, and the raging sea of emotions within each one of them.
A small brown dog with a wet pink nose
You don't need to smack : simple strategies for dealing misbehaviour
Doing better? : children's and their parents' and teachers' perceptions of the malleability of the child's academic competences
Daylight saving
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to describe the harmful effects of parental substance abuse from child perspective as having to grow up in a substance abusing family is considered as child maltreatment. In addition, the trends in parental substance abuse and the children's visibility in the treatment cycle were stressed as the data was gathered from Järvenpää Addiction Hospital's children's treatment documents.    This study is of qualitative nature including 80 treatment documents from two decades that were processed using content analysis. The theoretical framework was drawn from the attachment theory and especially concentrating on the attachment disturbances.    The findings were reflected against earlier studies and the attachment theory. The results indicated that the four major emotional harms that had risen from previous studies were visible in the treatment documents as well; insecurity, restlessness, anxiety and aggression. Additionally, the children had frequently encountered different traumatising experiences such as domestic violence that then had exposed them to psychosomatic symptoms.    To conclude, the attachment relationship between the parent and the child plays a significant role in the child's development and the substance abuse of a parent may cause attachment disturbances to the child. Therefore, the child perspective in a substance abusing family should not be belittled as the children are habitually suffering severe harm that may affect them throughout their lifespan.
How to be a little sod
Sand chronicles. Vol. 9
The role of parents in the education systems of the European Union
The management of change in Finland's wooden historic urban landscapes : Old Rauma
Parental understandings of a Finnish IB World School : Oulu International School, a case study
Last things
The family fang
The summer we fell apart : a novel
Association between communication deviance of adoptive parents and formal thought disorder of adoptee when the length of parents' speech is standardized in different ways
A parents' and teachers' guide to bilingualism
Role of Family on Pathways to Acquiring Early Reading Skills In Lusaka's Low-Income Communities
Parents' causal attributions concerning their children's academic achievement
The wolf road
The impact of parental behaviors on children's negative emotions
The truth of me : about a boy, his grandmother, and a very good dog
Factors contributing to overweight among children at the age of 3 to 6 years old
Cloninger's temperament and character dimensions in young adulthood and their relation to characteristics of parental alcohol use and smoking
The lost daughter
This paper reports findings from the study that examined the role of family in children's acquisition of early reading skills. We recruited 72 first-grade learners and their parents from low-income Zambian families for the study. In response to a home literacy questionnaire, parents reported on their reading attitudes and family literacy environment. Children's early reading skills were assessed using two early reading tests (orthographic awareness and decoding competence), both conducted at two different points during the year. Regression analyses of pretest and gain scores revealed that parental reading attitude and family literacy environment significantly predicted early reading skills. These findings suggest that the family is an important element in the children's process of learning to read. Implications of the findings are discussed.
When Leda's daughters leave home to be with their father, she decides to take a trip to a small coastal town in Italy, but soon after she arrives memories from her unsettled past come back to haunt her.
Reset your child's brain : a four-week plan to end meltdowns, raise grades, and boost social skills by reversing the effects of electronic screen-time
Cognitive behaviour therapy for children and families
Children in families : research and policy
Parental disciplinary strategies and the child's moral internalization
Access, Mobility, Housing & Leisure : a Report from the EEC Secretariat, World Federation of the Deaf = Rapport du Secrétariat Europeen de la Fédération Mondiale des Sourds = Liberté d'Access, la Mobilité, le Logement et les Loisirs
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
The orange girl
Parenting under pressure : mothers and fathers with learning difficulties
Childcraft. 16, Parent Guide and Index
Analiz organičenij lesopol'zovaniâ ha osobo ohranâemyh prirodnyh territoriâh i v malonarušennyh lesah Respubliki Kareliâ = The analysis of wood harvesting restrictions in conservation areas and old-growth forests of the Republic of Karelia
Deafness in infancy and early childhood
How to Get Services by Being Assertive
The wild things : a novel
How to train your parents
Abstract: The objective of this thesis was to study the viewpoint of carers towards residential practice in Kuninkaantie Residential Unit. Kuninkaantie Residential Unit is a residential unit for children and youngsters with disabilities in Espoo, Finland, which was opened in autumn   2010.   It offers temporary care for children and residential practice for youngsters. This final thesis was implemented by interviewing the carers of the youngsters in residential practice concerning both their experiences and expectations towards the service. The aim of this thesis was to gather material based on which the residential practice can be improved in Kuninkaantie Residential Unit. This thesis was a qualitative study and six interviews were carried out as thematic interviews at the intervieweesʼ homes. Tentative questions had been divided into themes based on theories. These themes were; Co-operation, quality of life, and independent life.  The results of the thesis show  that mainly positive thoughts rose from the experiences of the carers. Especially the staff members and their knowhow were appreciated. Still, the information flow and general co-operation had been marginal and there were many opinions concerning the need for them. Some thought that the official residential practice had not  yet started and there was a hope for a possibility of common meetings in the future. The carers wanted to approach the function of the residential unit gently as it had started to function just recently. The actual building was criticized by nearly all the interviewees as from their point of view it limits the possibilities to a great extent. Individuality and planning the actions based on individuality were highlighted. This thesis process shows the importance of co-operation and working closely with the carers in order to improve the service for youngsters with disabilities. The co-operation enables the youngster to have a successful residential practice period based on empowerment, which will in the end lead to equal and good quality of life.
Deceptions : a Cainsville novel
How to unspoil your child fast : a speedy, complete guide to contented children and happy parents
Parental behaviour
The introduction of the pneumococcal conjugate vaccine into cameroon's expanded programme on immunisation : would every child be reached?
Parenting young athletes : developing champions in sports and life
French kids eat everything
Sand chronicles. Vol. 8
Gender Caring: The Everyday Construction of Black African Parents in Finland
Daddy, papa and me
Terms of endearment : a novel : with a new preface
Carers' Viewpoint on Residential Practice : Experiences from Kuninkaantie Residential Unit
What she left behind
Never knowing
The distance between us
Parental love : irreplaceable for children's well-being
Along for the ride
Positive parenting : raising children with self-esteem
Insufferable. [1]
Influences on parent behavior
Parental involvement and children ́s academic skills
The buried giant : a novel
The summer's end
Promoting child development and mental health in adult psychiatric care : a nurses' perspective
All night long
"Contributors to this volume explore the theoretical issues at stake in recent changes in form criticism and the practical outcomes of applying the results of these theoretical shifts to the Book of the Twelve. This volume combines self-conscious methodological reflection with practical examination of specific texts in an effort to demonstrate the practical consequences of theoretical decisions and the value of certain methodological stances"--
The state of muslim girls in physical activities and sport and significance of parenting in islamic perspective : (the case of Central and Southern Finland)
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Tough guys (have feelings too)
The harmful effects of parental substance abuse on children
Post-exilic polemic over the priesthood -- Ezekiel 44 in modern scholarship -- History and hermeneutics, redaction and reception -- Methodological issues in examining inner-biblical interpretation -- Methodological issues in redaction-criticism -- Overview and prospect -- The rule of priests -- Yhwh's reproach of Israel -- The identity of the foreigners in Ezekiel 44 -- Isaiah 56 and its relationship to Ezekiel 44 -- Yhwh's reproach -- The word of Judgement -- The Levites of Ezekiel 44 -- A Torah concerning the Levites -- The sins of the past -- Bearing sin -- The sons of Zadok -- The composition of Ezekiel 44:6¿16 -- The rules for priests -- The continuation of the divine oracle in the priestly rules -- The priests and their inheritance -- The priests and their vestments -- Priestly conduct -- The instruction concerning hair -- The instruction concerning alcohol -- The instruction concerning marital partners -- The instruction concerning teaching and judicial roles -- The instruction concerning dead bodies -- The relationship between the instructions in Ezekiel 44 and Leviticus 10 and 21 -- The structure and composition of the rules in Ezekiel 44:20:27 -- The missing high priest -- Priestly perquisites -- A pentateuchal compendium -- A précis of priestly income -- Giving each its due -- The prohibition against consuming animal carcasses -- The composition of Eekiel 44:6:31 -- Zadok and the sons of Zadok in Second Temple Judaism -- Zadok and his family in the Book of Chronicles -- The sons of Zadok at Qumran and in the Damascus document -- The sons of Zadok in Ben Sira -- Josephus and the Zadokites -- The Sadducees -- Conclusion -- Conclusions -- Text and historical reality -- The end of the Zadokites -- The beginnings of the Levites -- The Hebrew Bible and the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Grimble at Christmas
Oddly Normal. Book 2
Facing autism : giving parents reasons for hope and guidance for help
The star side of Bird Hill : a novel
The couple next door
The New Goldilocks and the Three Bears : Papa Bear, Daddy Bear, and Baby Bear
The Harmful Effects of Parental Substance Abuse on Children
The great big book of families
The role of parents' and teachers' child-related competence beliefs in the development of students' self-concept of ability
Investing in home-preschool collaboration for understanding social worlds of multilingual children
Physical activity of children aged 3 to 4: parents' viewpoint
The summer wind
When my heart was wicked
The people in the photo
Children's' everyday executive function deficits and parental distress in families attending the holistic pediatric rehabilitation programme for brain-injured children
Deaf children, their families and professionals : Dismantling barries
Learning from young children : research in early childhood music
Essential baby sign language : the most important 75 signs you can teach your baby
Elderly Emergency : Emergency room nurse’s experiences on how information flow affects the good care of an elderly patient in the emergency room
Gaia succeeds in leading her people to Wharfton and the Enclave, but rebellion there threatens them all just when everything they have dreamed of seems to be at hand.
Nora Webster : a novel
The girl on the two chairs : a story about a hearing child growing up  with with deaf parents
Sand chronicles. Vol. 5
Partnership Between Deaf People and Professionals : Proceedings of a Conference held 27th July - 2nd August 1991.
Real live boyfriends : yes, boyfriends, plural - if my life weren't complicated, I wouldn't be Ruby Oliver
Priestly rule : polemic and biblical interpretation in Ezekiel 44
Can I tell you about sensory processing difficulties? : a guide for friends, family and professionals
Deceptions
The after-school lives of children : alone and with others while parents work
Mean moms rule : why doing the hard stuff now creates good kids later
Toxic parents : overcoming their hurtful legacy and reclaiming your life
More people to love me
Nights in Aruba
Our Deaf Children into the 80's
Family support : direction from diversity
Cochlear implants : what parents should know
Presence - the Core of Nursing : Elderly People ́s Experiences of the Presence of Their Primary Nurse
The wild things
Yhteenveto (Summary)
Son of a gun : a memoir
Maternal and paternal separation anxiety: relations to toddlers' separation distress in the day-care setting : the Kangaroo project
The jump
Three weeks to say goodbye
Beyond Stereotypes : perspectives on the Personality Characteristics of Deaf People
Educators' views on parents' participation on three different identified levels
The hive
Working with parents in early years settings
Music therapy for improving premature infants' well-being and communication skills and enhancing mother-infant bonding : a case study
The acquisition of early reading skills : the influence of the home environment in Lusaka, Zambia
The Emmaus code : finding Jesus in the Old Testament
Book of souls
Deaf Like Me : The Inspiring Story of a Family's Struggle to Reach Across the Barriers of Silence
The Book of the Twelve and the new form criticism
Carersʼ viewpoint on residential practice: experiences from Kuninkaantie residential unit
Support for the Parents whose Child is in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU)
My daddy is a pretzel : yoga for parents and kids
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Home Education
The cochlear implant : parents tell their story
Isadora Moon Goes to School
Deafness, Communication, and Social Identity : an Anthropological Analysis of Interaction among Parents, Teachers, and Deaf Children in a Preschool
"Strong Finnish identity is the only thing I can raise" : adoptive parents' attitude towards their child's pre-adoption past
The art of loving
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
Already home
The parent agency : pick your perfect mum and dad
The wooden chair
Since the Damn Stupid turned the clock back on civilization by centuries, the world has been a harsher place. But Elka has learned everything she needs to survive from the man she calls Trapper, the solitary hunter who took her in when she was just seven years old. So when Elka sees the Wanted poster in town, her simple existence is shattered. Her Trapper – Kreagar Hallet – is wanted for murder. Even worse, Magistrate Lyon is hot on his trail, and she wants to talk to Elka.
The welfare of children with mentally ill parents : learning from inter-country comparisons
Non-pharmacological methods in children's postoperative pain relief in China
In Hip Hop Genius, Sam Seidel introduces an iteration of hip-hop education that goes far beyond the usual approach of studying rap music as classroom content and looks instead at deeply honoring the knowledge of urban students.
Can't we talk about something more pleasant?
The 5 love languages of children
Why kids kill parents : child abuse and adolescent homicide
Handbook on parent education
Meet the parents
The child in his family. Vol. 5, Children and their parents in a changing world
Something different about dad : how to live with your amazing Asperger's parent
Oliver and the seawings
All the ugly and wonderful things : a novel
Children's and adolescents' achievement strategies, school adjustment and family environment
This is my family : a first look at same-sex parents
For Parents of Young Deaf Children : Parent's Package : Initiatives for Deaf Education in the Third World
Children's health, self-care and the use of self-medication : a population-based study in Finland
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
Abstract: The purpose of this final thesis was to implement a case study in order to find out parentsʼ opinions about the amount, quality and significance of play and physical activity of their children aged three and four. This topic rises up from the resent public discussion and studies of the situation of the health of children in Finland.  This final thesis was conducted by using a survey method. Data was collected by sending out the questionnaires to the parents of certain children group in Salmisaari Sport Kindergarten. The sample was selected to be parents of 20 children.  The results showed parentsʼ positive attitudes towards play and physical activity. They understand the value of physical activities and play. Almost all agreed on the different aspects of quality and what it means but in the amount and ideal amounts of play and sports there are big differences.  The results of this thesis indicate that the situation does not seem to be as bad as public discussion gives grounds to understand. Most children are playing and having physical exercise enough according to their parents. Parents think that the play and physical activity is significant part of the development of the child and diverse activities are the most effective. In these cases the physical activity and play were described to be for example social and advanced.
Parents' perceptions of their children's development : reliability, validity and accuracy of parents' verbal and motor developmental estimates
Real mermaids don't hold their breath
Unplug your kids : a parent's guide to raising happy, active, and well-adjusted children in the digital age
You & your aging parent : a family guide to emotional, social, health, and financial problems
As the daughter of a drug dealer, Wavy knows not to trust people, not even her own parents. It's safer to keep her mouth shut and stay out of sight. Struggling to raise her little brother, Donal, eight-year-old Wavy is the only responsible adult around. Obsessed with the constellations, she finds peace in the starry night sky above the fields behind her house, until one night her star gazing causes an accident. After witnessing his motorcycle wreck, she forms an unusual friendship with one of her father's thugs, Kellen, a tattooed ex-con with a heart of gold. By the time Wavy is a teenager, her relationship with Kellen is the only tender thing in a brutal world of addicts and debauchery. When tragedy rips Wavy's family apart, a well-meaning aunt steps in, and what is beautiful to Wavy looks ugly under the scrutiny of the outside world. Kellen may not be innocent, but he is the fixed point in Wavy and Donal's chaotic universe. Instead of playing it safe, Wavy has to learn to fight for Kellen, for her brother, and for herself.
August : Osage County
Children and the changing family : between transformation and negotiation
The farm
War and peace in the ancient world
Discovery and management of child allergy from the parent perspective
Abstract (s. 7-8)
Parental perceptions of infant temperament : the role of parents' recollections of their own caregiver relationships
Child perspectives on income and time use  in Finnish families in the 1990s
National report: Finland
My grandmother sends her regards & apologises
Father loss : daughters discuss the man that got away
The New Goldilocks and the Three Bears : Mama Bear, Mommy Bear, and Baby Bear
Prophetic oracles in the books of Isaiah and Ezekiel evidence tensions about the Jerusalem temple and its priesthood in Persian Yehud. MacDonald's Priestly Rule challenges the scholarly consensus about how these texts relate to each other. He demonstrates how important written prophetic oracles were in the early Jewish community and disputes the dominance of a Zadokite priestly family in the Second Temple period.
Children's oral health promotion programme in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
Everything baby sign language book : get an early start communicating with your baby!
Now firmly established as the standard text on the subject, Cognitive Behaviour Therapy for Children and Families, 3rd edition incorporates new and updated material on many topics not covered in previous editions, including the use of low intensity treatment methods with families, the use of new technologies to deliver cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT), the development of mindfulness techniques for children and the use of CBT with ethnic minority groups. The international panel of contributors ensures the highly authoritative and relevant nature of the content, making this text an invaluable source for all child and adolescent mental health professionals, including psychologists, psychiatrists, mental health nurses, family and individual psychotherapists, paediatricians and general psychiatrists.
Operation Eiffel tower
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
The open adoption experience : a complete guide for adoptive and birth families : from making the decision through the child's growing years
Clean break
A long way home
What can parents do? : new insights into the role of parents in adolescent problem behavior
Becoming Nicole : the extraordinary transformation of an ordinary family
Spoiled brats : short stories
Teachers, parents, and "stutterers"
Teach your children well : parenting for authentic success
The Welfare of Children with Mentally Ill Parents examines the interventions made by professional workers from a range of different disciplines in families with dependent children and a mentally ill parent. The authors compare responses of professionals in ten European countries and one state in Australia. The analysis of the differences sheds new light on both the inherent and system-determined difficulties in helping families to manage their situation effectively. Features the only comparative study of mental health social services and the law governing compulsory hospital admission Covers a current "hot-button" topic that is growing in importance as the impact of social policy developments on children over time becomes more apparent Offers a unique perspective due to the focus on the impact of children of mentally ill parents and the international systems that deal with child protection.
Early childhood education and care in Finland
International Organization for the Study of the Old Testament : 20th Congress of IOSOT : Helsinki, 1-6 August 2010
Parents' perceptions and alleviation of children's postoperative pain at home after day surgery
16mm of innocence
The Nordic countries are now firmly ensconced in academia as gender-friendly welfare states. They are seen as pioneering countries with respect to changes in family life and gender relations and thus present an interesting forum for family research. This paper explores how gender caring relates to gender, religion and parenting in Sub-Saharan African families in the context of immigration to Finland. A constructionist perspective is employed to illuminate how guidelines or scripts established in these parents' cultures are actively used and how they in turn influence their gender relations. Gender caring is conceptualized as an ethic of reciprocity, solidarity and obligation to ensure interdependence and strong bonds among black African parents. The article draws on in-depth interviews conducted with twelve couples mainly in the Helsinki area (which includes Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen).
What a way to go
Epidemiologic studies on overweight and obesity in adolescents : the role of early-life risk factors, eating patterns and common genetic variants
Oddly Normal. Book 1
Couch tag
Welcome to life
