http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4077 genocide
genocide
The lost executioner : a journey to the heart of the killing fields
Hakkâri massacres : an anthology of documents related to massacres and deportation of Assyrians in northern Mesopotamia : ethnic cleansing by Turkey 1924-25
The islamic state of Iraq and Syria : the history of Isis/Isil
Genocide in international law : the crime of crimes
Survivors : an oral history of the Armenian genocide
Rites of place : public commemoration in Russia and Eastern Europe
The bat
The holocaust
Genocide : its political use in the twentieth century
A Sunday at the pool in Kigali
The holocaust : problems and perspectives of interpretation
The politics of genocide and mass media in Rwanda
This time we knew : Western responses to genocide in Bosnia
When broken glass floats : growing up under the Khmer rouge
The elimination : a survivor of the Khmer Rouge confronts his past and the commandant of the Killing Fields
You alone may live : One woman's journey through the aftermath of the Rwandan Genocide
The Holocaust and the Armenian case in comparative perspective
The Museum of Genocide Victims : a guide to the exhibitions : compiled by Virginija Rudienė, Vilma Jouzevičiūtė
Focusing on the major cases of genocide in twentieth-century Europe, including the Armenian genocide, the Holocaust and genocide in the former Yugoslavia, as well as mass killing in the Soviet Union, this book outlines the internal and external roots of genocide. Internal causes lie in the rise of radical nationalism and the breakdown of old empires, while external causes lie in the experience of mass violence in European colonial empires. Such roots did not make any case of genocide inevitable, but they did create models for mass destruction. This book enables students to assess the interplay between general causes of violence and the specific crises that accelerated moves towards radical genocidal policies. Chapters on the major cases of twentieth-century European genocide describe and analyse several key themes: acts of genocide; perpetrators, victims and bystanders; and genocide in particular regions. Using the voices of the human actors in genocide, often ignored or forgotten, this volume provides arresting new insights, while the conclusion frames European genocide in a global perspective, giving students an entry point to the discussion of genocide in other continents and historical periods.
The war for survival of the planet Lusitania will be fought in the hearts of a child named Gloriously Bright.  On Lusitania, Ender found a world where humans and pequininos and the Hive Queen could all live together; where three very different intelligent species could find common ground at last. Or so he thought.  Lusitania also harbors the descolada, a virus that kills all humans it infects, but which the pequininos require in order to become adults. The Starways Congress so fears the effects of the descolada, should it escape from Lusitania, that they have ordered the destruction of the entire planet, and all who live there. The Fleet is on its way, and a second xenocide seems inevitable.
Justifications of inaction : responsibility and non-intervention in genocide
The great terror : Stalin's purge of the thirties
Dogs at the perimeter : a novel
Comanches : The History of a People
Armenian history and the question of genocide
We walked, then ran
Radovan Karadžić : architect of the Bosnian genocide
A struggle to comprehend the catastrophe and survive : a comparative study of the Armenian and the Jewish literary responses to catastrophe
Genocide in Rwanda : is it really Finland's concern?
Do I still have a life : voices from the aftermath of war in Rwanda and Burundi
Turkey and the Armenian ghost : on the trail of the genocide
The unwritten order : Hitler's role in the final solution
On the path to genocide : Armenia and Rwanda reexamined
The Armenian genocide : the essential reference guide
A century of genocide : utopias of race and nation
The translator : a tribesman's memoir of Darfur
Reducing genocide to law : definition, meaning, and the ultimate crime
The shallow graves of Rwanda
Ravished Armenia : and the story of Aurora Mardiganian
Modern Turkish identity and the Armenian genocide ; from prejudice to racist nationalism
Deogratias : A tale of Rwanda
"In this no-holds-barred account, the former head of the United Nations in Sudan reveals for the first time the shocking depths of evil plumbed by those who designed and orchestrated 'the final solution' in Darfur. ... It is the deeply personal account of one man driven to extreme action by the unwillingness of those in power to stop mass murder." --Book jacket flap.
Is the Holocaust unique? : perspectives on comparative genocide
Because the tragedy of the Armenians is not deemed, by consensus, a genocide, many have long sought to connect it to the single event that is most clearly associated with the word genocide-the Holocaust. This book attempts to make this comparison in several distinct ways.
Why did holocaust happen?
Genocide. Vol. 3, Colonial and imperial genocides
The history of history : a novel of Berlin
Armenian falsifications
The crime of all crimes : toward a criminology of genocide
Hitler and the "Armenian question"
A "unique culture"? : migration, nostalgia, alcoholism, suicide and religious revival in Finland
East West Street : on the origins of "genocide" and "crimes against humanity"
Genocide's aftermath : responsibility and repair
State and individual responsibility in internal conflicts : countours of an evolving relationship
Genocide. Vol. 5, Post-colonial and imperial-genocide
The Armenian genocide : evidence from the German Foreign Office archives, 1915-1916
Investigation reports on the persecution of Falun Gong. Vol. 1.
They are now burning village after village : genocide in the Chittagong Hill Tracts, Bangladesh
Days of tragedy in Armenia : personal experiences in Harpoot, 1915-1917
Genocide in Cambodia and Rwanda : new perspectives
The Sandcastle girls
Rwanda and genocide in the twentieth century
Purify and destroy : the political uses of massacre and genocide
The order of genocide : race, power, and war in Rwanda
The burning Tigris : a history of the Armenian genocide
"Ermeni sorunu Gerçeği" konulu konferans = Conference on the reality of the Armania [i.e. Armenian] question : Grand National Assembly of Turkey 24 Marc [i.e. March] 2005
The Kishinev ghetto, 1941-1942 : a documentary history of the Holocaust in Romania's contested borderlands
What is genocide?
Genocide : truth, memory, and representation
Dark heart
Ethnic cleansing and the Indian : the crime that should haunt America
Goodbye, Antoura : a memoir of the Armenian genocide
The roots of evil : the origins of genocide and other groupviolence
Auschwitz : the nazis and the "final solution"
Revolution and genocide : on the origins of the Armenian genocide and the holocaust
Hitler's death camps : the sanity of madness
The psychology of genocide : perpetrators, bystanders, and rescuers
Genocide : my stolen Rwanda
The rage of Islam : an account of the massacre of Christians by the Turks in Persia
Human rights horizons : the pursuit of justice in a globalizing world
A massacre averted : an Armenian town, an American nurse, and the Turkish army they resisted : the memoirs of Mary Watson Super
The Rwanda crisis : history of a genocide
Human rights and genocide in the Baltic states
My grandmother : an Armenian-Turkish memoir
Remembering and understanding the Armenian genocide
Diaries of a Danish missionary : Harpoot, 1907-1919
Dashnagtzoutiun has nothing to do anymore
Genocide : a comprehensive introduction
Manual on the effective prevention and investigation of extra-legal, arbitrary and summary executions
The Holocaust and genocide in history and politics : a study of the discrepancy between human rights law and international politics
The gendarme
The rape of Nanking : the forgotten holocaust of World War II
Genocide with herbicides : report - analysis - evidence
The optimists
Guidelines for the conduct of United Nations inquiries into allegations of massacres
Darfur and the crime of genocide
Kl : a history of the Nazi concentration camps
We wish to inform you that tomorrow we will be killed with our families : stories from Rwanda
A shameful act : the Armenian genocide and the question of Turkish responsibility
Against a tide of evil : how one man became the whistleblower to the first mass murder of the twenty-first century
The genocide of the Ottoman Greeks : studies on the state sponsored campaign of extermination of the Christians of Asia Minor (1912-1922) and its aftermath : history, law, memory
The story of the holocaust
The Holocaust and genocides in Europe
The responsibility to protect : ending mass atrocity crimes once and for all
Behind God's back
Three apples fell from heaven
After the killing fields : lessons from the Cambodian genocide
Open wounds : Armenians, Turks, and a century of genocide
Revolution and genocide : on the origins of the Armenian genocide and the Holocaust
The Blood telegram : Nixon, Kissinger, and a forgotten genocide
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Taimur : the only survivor of women and children Anfal mass graves
"Explains Responsibility to Protect (R2P), a new international norm to protect the peoples of the world. With real-world examples, current events analysis, and assessments from personal experience, shows how R2P is better equipped to end mass atrocity crimes than is "the right to intervene" or other "humanitarian intervention" doctrines"--Provided by publisher.
The slaughterhouse province : an American diplomat's report on the Armenian genocide, 1915-1917
The non-constituents : rights deprivation of Roma in post-genocide Bosnia and Herzegovina
Genocide : an anthropological reader
The farming of bones : a novel
Taking lives : genocide and state power
The good man of Nanking : the diaries of John Rabe
Developing the definition of the crime of genocide  trough national criminal laws
Masters of death : the SS-Einsatzgruppen and the invention of the Holocaust
The night wanderers : Uganda's children and The Lord's Resistance Army
When the hills ask for your blood : a personal story of genocide and Rwanda
Tell ye your children.. : a book about the Holocaust in Europe 1933-1945
The fight against impunity through universal jurisdiction and extradition : examples of Rwandan genocide trials
The massacre in history
A problem from hell : America and the age of genocide
Hornus-Sonyel correspondence on the Armenian question
Surviving in silence : a deaf boy in the holocaust The Harry I. Dunai story
The first genocide of the twentieth century remains unrecognized and unpunished. One hundred years later, Turkey continues to deny the slaughter of over a million Ottoman Armenians in 1915 and the following years. What sets the Armenian genocide apart from other mass atrocities is that the country responsible has never officially acknowledged its actions, and no individual has ever been brought to justice. Here, the authors visit historic sites and interview politicians, elderly survivors, descendants, authors, and activists in a quest for the hidden truth. Taking the reader into remote mountain regions, tiny hamlets, and the homes of traumatized victims of a deadly persecution that continues to this day, they reveal little-known aspects of the history and culture of a people who have been rendered invisible in their ancient homeland. Seeking to illuminate complex issues of blame and responsibility, guilt and innocence, the authors discuss the roles played in this drama by the "righteous Turks," the Kurds, the converts, the rebels, and the "leftovers of the sword." They also describe the struggle to have the genocide officially recognized in Turkey, France, and the United States. Arguing that this masssive cover-up has had consequences for Turks as well as for Armenians, the authors point to a society sickened by a century of denial. The face of Turkey is gradually changing, however, and a new generation of Turks is beginning to understand what happened and to realize that the ghost of the Armenian genocide must be recognized and laid to rest.--From publisher description.
Cambodia 1975-1978 : rendezvous with death
Unsilencing the past : track two diplomacy and Turkish-Armenian reconciliation
Responsibility to protect : a defense
The holocaust : the third reich and the jews
Reconciliation in Rwanda : perspectives from the parliament
State identities and the homogenisation of peoples
The Armenian genocide : the world speaks out, 1915-2005 ; documents and declarations
The sandcastle girls : a novel
Foreword
How holocausts happen : the United States in Central America
A full-length account of the involvement of Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger in Pakistan's brutal 1970s military dictatorship argues that they encouraged China's military presence in India, illegally supplied weapons used in massacres and embraced military strategies that have negatively impacted geopolitics for decades. By the author of Freedom's Battle.
Deogratias : a tale if Rwanda
"When Orhan's brilliant and eccentric grandfather, who built a dynasty out of making kilim rugs, is found dead in a vat of dye, Orhan inherits the decades-old business. But his grandfather's will raises more questions than it answers. Kemal has left the family estate to a stranger thousands of miles away, an aging woman in a retirement home in Los Angeles. Her existence and secrecy about her past only deepen the mystery of why Orhan's grandfather would have left their home to this woman rather than to his own family"--Dust jacket.
Genocide and Gender in the Twentieth Century brings together a collection of some of the finest genocide studies scholars in North America and Europe to examine gendered discourses, practices, and experiences of ethnic cleansing and genocide in the 20th century. It includes chapters focusing on the genocides in Rwanda and Armenia, the Holocaust, and ethnic cleansing and genocide in the former Yugoslavia. The book looks at how historically- and culturally-specific ideas about reproduction, biology, and ethnic, national, racial, and religious identity contributed to the possibility for and the unfolding of genocidal sexual violence, including mass rape. The book also considers how these ideas, in conjunction with discourses of femininity and masculinity, and understandings of female and male identities, contributed to perpetrators' tools and strategies for ethnic cleansing and genocide, as well as victims' experiences of these processes. This is an ideal text for any student looking to further understand the crucial topic of gender in genocide studies.
Warrant for genocide : key elements of Turko-Armenian conflict
Worse than war : genocide, eliminationism and the ongoing assault on humanity
International Commission of Inquiry into the 1932-33 Famine in Ukraine : the final report 1990.
Not untrue and not unkind
Gulag : a history
The cage of Zeus
The Kurds : a nation of genocides
Soviet genocide in Lithuania
Imperial apocalypse : the Great War and the destruction of the Russian empire
"The destruction of the Armenians of the Ottoman Empire in 1915-16 was a brutal mass crime that prefigured other genocides in the 20th century. By various estimates, more than a million Armenians were killed and the survivors were scattered across the world. Although it is now a century old, the issue of what most of the world calls the Armenian Genocide of 1915 has not been consigned to history. It is a live and divisive political issue that mobilizes Armenians across the world, touches the identity and politics of modern Turkey, and has consumed the attention of U.S. politicians for years. In Great Catastrophe, the eminent scholar and reporter Thomas de Waal looks at the changing narratives and politics of the Armenian Genocide and tells the story of recent efforts by courageous Armenians, Kurds, and Turks to come to terms with the disaster as Turkey enters a new post-Kemalist era. The story of what happened to the Armenians in 1915-16 is well-known. Here we are told the much less well-known story of what happened to Armenians, Kurds, and Turks in its aftermath. First Armenians were divided between the Soviet Union and a worldwide diaspora, with different generations and communities of Armenians constructing new identities, while bitter intra-Armenian quarrels sometimes broke out into violence. In Turkey, the Armenian issue was initially forgotten and suppressed, only to return to the political agenda in the context of the Cold War, an outbreak of Armenian terrorism in the 1970s and the growth of modern 'identity politics' in the age of genocide-consciousness. In the last decade, Turkey has begun to confront its taboos and finally face up to the Armenian issue. New, more sophisticated histories are being written of the deportations of 1915, now with the collaboration of Turkish scholars. In Turkey itself there has been an astonishing revival of oral history, with tens of thousands of people coming out of the shadows to reveal a long-suppressed Armenian identity. However, a normalization process between the Armenian and Turkish states broke down in 2010. Drawing on archival sources, reportage and moving personal stories, de Waal tells the full story of Armenian-Turkish relations since the Genocide in all its extraordinary twists and turns. He strips away the propaganda to look both at the realities of a terrible historical crime and also the divisive 'politics of genocide' it produced. The book throws light not only on our understanding of Armenian-Turkish relations but also of how mass atrocities and historical tragedies shape contemporary politics"--
Denying genocide : from Armenia to Bosnia ; a lecture delivered at the London School of Economics and Political Science on 22 January 2001
Violence in war and peace : [an anthology]
The massacre of the Jews of Lithuania : Lithuanian collaboration in the final solution, 1941-1944
The protection of human rights and the genocide by the Turkish state against the Armenian nation
History's inescapable impact on the present
"'Ravished Armenia' and the Story of Aurora Mardiganian is the real-life tale of a teenage Armenian girl who was caught up in the 1915 Armenian genocide, the first genocide in modern history. Mardiganian (1901-1994) witnessed the murder of her family and the suffering of her people at the hands of the Ottoman Empire. Forced to march over fourteen hundred miles, she was sold into slavery. When she escaped to the United States, Mardiganian was then exploited by the very individuals whom she believed might help. Her story was published in book form and then used as the basis for a 1918 feature film, in which she herself starred. The film Ravished Armenia, also known as Auction of Souls, is a graphic retelling of Aurora Mardiganian's story, with the teenager in the central role, supported by Anna Q. Nilsson and Irving Cummings and directed by Oscar Apfel. Only twenty minutes of the film--the first to deal with the Armenian genocide--is known to survive, but it proves to be a stunning production, presenting its story in newsreel style. This revised edition of Anthony Slide's 'Ravished Armenia' and the Story of Aurora Mardiganian also contains an annotated reprint of Mardiganian's original narrative and, for the first time, the full screenplay. In his introduction, Slide recounts the making of the film and Mardiganian's life in the United States, involving a cast of characters including Henry Morgenthau, Mrs. George W. Vanderbilt, Mrs. Oliver Harriman, and film pioneer William Selig. The introduction also includes original comments by Aurora Mardiganian, whom Slide interviewed before her death. Acclaimed Armenian Canadian filmmaker Atom Egoyan, who created a video art installation about Mardiganian in 2007, provides a foreword"--
Theology, liberation and genocide
Denial of the Armenian genocide in comparsion with holaocaust denial
The Armenian genocide in official Turkish records. 1-2
The mental health consequences of torture
"The Kishinev Ghetto, 1941-1942 sheds new light on the little-known historical events surrounding the creation, administration, and liquidation of the Kishinev (Chisinau) ghetto during the first months following the Axis attack on the Soviet Union (Operation Barbarossa) in late June 1941. Mass killings during the combined Romanian-German drive toward Kishinev in Bessarabia, after a year of Soviet rule in this Romanian border province, were followed by the shooting of thousands of Jews on the streets of the city during the first days of reestablished Romanian administration. Survivors were driven into a ghetto, persecuted, and liquidated by year's end. The Kishinev Ghetto, 1941-1942 is the first major study of these events. Often overshadowed by events in Germany and Poland, the history of the Holocaust in Romania, including what took place in Bessarabia (corresponding in large part with the territory of the modern Republic of Moldova), was obscured during decades of communist rule, denial, and policies that blocked access to wartime documentation. This book is the result of a lengthy research project that began with Paul A. Shapiro's travels to Romania for the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum to negotiate access to these documents."--
The indigenous experience : global perspectives
Left to tell : one woman's story of surviving the Rwandan genocide
What the International Criminal Court should learn from International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda. From 1994-2002
"Final solution" : Nazi population policy and the murder of the European Jews
The go-away bird
Ambassador Morgenthau's story
Hitler's Furies : German women in the Nazi killing fields
The widening circle of genocide. Vol. 3, Genocide : a critical bibliographic review
Century of genocide : critical essays and eyewitness accounts
"The Kishinev Ghetto, 1941-1942 offers a wealth of primary sources and insightful commentary about the little-known slaughter of Jewish residents of Kishinev (Chisinau) under the military occupation of Romania by Marshal Ion Antonescu, a Hitler ally"--
Beyond the banality of evil : criminology and genocide
Understanding modern warfare
Genocide. Vol. 4, Twentieth century imperial genocides: the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany
The crime and the silence : a quest for the truth of a wartime massacre
Death dealer : the memoirs of the SS kommandant at Auschwitz
Children in genocide : extreme traumatization and affect regulation
Genocide and gender in the twentieth century : a comparative survey
Confronting genocide
Paths to genocide : antisemitism in Western history
The grandchildren : the hidden legacy of "lost" Armenians in Turkey
Immunity from prosecution for war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide : the case of head of states
Black earth : the holocaust as history and warning
X-men : Age of X
Rwanda crisis and genocide in case law of Rwanda Tribunal
The specter of genocide : mass murder in historical perspective
Consuming the Congo : war and conflict minerals in the world's deadliest place
Get 'em all! kill 'em! : genocide, terrorism, righteous communities
Great catastrophe : Armenians and Turks in the shadow of genocide
Orhan's inheritance : a novel
Genocide. Vol. 1, The discipline of genocide studies
