http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4076 mass murder
mass murder
Truth and reconciliation in South Korea : between the present and future of the Korean Wars
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
Active shooter : events and response
Immunity from prosecution for war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide : the case of head of states
Liars & thieves
African perspectives on international criminal justice
The funeral casino : meditation, massacre, and exchange with the dead in Thailand
Skin and bones
People's Republic of Amnesia : Tiananmen revisited
The poisoner : the life and crimes of Victorian England's most notorious doctor
Worse than war : genocide, eliminationism and the ongoing assault on humanity
Footnotes in Gaza
Small town
National socialist extermination policies : contemporary German perspectives and controversies
Chimney forests : Kuosku, Magga, Seitajärvi, and Lokka : the destruction of four villages in Finnish Lapland
In cold blood : The classic study of crime and punishment
Rumours and dictatorship
The rock
Sexual violence in armed conflicts
Film and genocide
That neither nature nor nurture bears exclusive responsibility for a child's character is self-evident. But such generalizations provide cold comfort when it's your own son who's just opened fire on his fellow students and whose class photograph--with its unseemly grin--is blown up on the national news. The question of who's to blame for teenage atrocity tortures our narrator, Eva Khatchadourian. Two years ago, her son, Kevin, murdered seven of his fellow high-school students, a cafeteria worker, and a popular algebra teacher. Because he was only fifteen at the time of the killings, he received a lenient sentence and is now in a prison for young offenders in upstate New York. Telling the story of Kevin's upbringing, Eva addresses herself to her estranged husband through a series of letters. Fearing that her own shortcomings may have shaped what her son has become, she confesses to a deep, long-standing ambivalence about both motherhood in general and Kevin in particular. How much is her fault? We Need to Talk About Kevin offers no pat explanations for why so many white, well-to-do adolescents--whether in Pearl, Paducah, Springfield, or Littleton--have gone nihilistically off the rails while growing up in suburban comfort. Instead, Lionel Shriver tells a compelling, absorbing, and resonant story while framing these horrifying tableaux of teenage carnage as metaphors for the larger tragedy--the tragedy of a country where everything works, nobody starves, and anything can be bought but a sense of purpose.
Speaking of monsters : a teratological anthology
The last victim : a novel
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
The lost executioner : a journey to the heart of the killing fields
Murder as a fine art
One of us : the story of Anders Breivik and the massacre in Norway
Long neglected by European historians, the unspeakable atrocities of Franco's Spain are finally brought to tragic light in this definitive work by Paul Preston, the world's foremost historian of 20th-century Spain
Hitler's African victims : the German Army massacres of Black French soldiers in 1940
Dear Charlie
The novels of Gillian Flynn : Sharp objects ; Dark places
Eyewitness at Wounded Knee
He was a quiet man
Memories of the May 1980 : a documentary history of the Kwangju uprising in Korea
Tell ye your children.. : a book about the Holocaust in Europe 1933-1945
The pharaoh's secret
Helter skelter : the true story of the Manson murders
The Holocaust on trial : history, justice, and the David Irving libel case
Understanding modern warfare
Probing the limits of representation : nazism and the "final solution"
Blood and soil : a world history of genocide and extermination from Sparta to Darfur
Guatemala 1978 : the massacre at Panzós
We need to talk about Kevin
Zodiac Station
Witness the night
In December 1890 the U.S. Seventh Cavalry massacred a band of Lakota men, women, and children at Wounded Knee, South Dakota. Miraculously, after a four-day blizzard, an infant was found alive under the frozen body of her dead mother. The dashing brigadier general (and future Assistant Attorney General of the United States) Leonard W. Colby kidnapped and then adopted the baby girl named Lost Bird (1890–1920) as a "living curio," and exploited her in order to attract prominent tribes as clients of his law practice.After the general's wife, the nationally known suffragist and newspaper editor Clara B. Colby, divorced her husband, she raised the Lakota child as a white girl in a well-meaning but disastrous attempt to provide a stable home. Lost Bird ran away to join Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show and appeared in silent films and vaudeville. During her brief but unforgettable life she endured sexual abuse, violence, prostitution, and the rejection of her own tribe before dying at age twenty-nine on Valentine's Day. This remarkable biography examines the life of the woman who became a symbol of the warring cultures that entrapped her, and a heartbreaking microcosm of all those Native American children who lost their heritage through adoption, social injustice, and war.
Season of fear
New South Africa : problems of democratic transition
Jakob's colours
The Young Turks' crime against humanity : the Armenian genocide and ethnic cleansing in the Ottoman Empire
Tortured minds, broken bodies : How rape can constitute genocide
Vernon God Little : a 21st century comedy in the presence of death
Helter skelter : The true story of the Manson murders
"Willing and killing" : a philosophical inquiry into the conditions and consequences of violenc
You
New moon
Serpent : a novel from the NUMA files
Odd Thomas
Contentious Kwangju : the May 18 uprising in Korea's past and present
Nanking 1937 : memory and healing
Laying claim to the memory of May : a look back at the 1980 Kwangju uprising
The genocide studies reader
Underground : the Tokyo gas attack and the Japanese psyche
Going postal : rage, murder and rebellion in America
The Spanish holocaust : inquisition and extermination in twentieth-century Spain
Places of pain and shame : dealing with "difficult heritage"
Grave secrets
Caravans to oblivion : the Armenian Genocide, 1915
Hitler's Furies : German women in the Nazi killing fields
Katin, the mass murder of Polish prisoners of war : report prepared by the Polish Association of Former Soviet Political Prisoners and presented by the Polish Socialist Party to the International Socialist Conference, Copenhagen, 1-3 June, 1950.
Belonging and genocide : Hitler's community, 1918-1945
The Zong : a massacre, the law and the end of slavery
School days
Reconsidering the silence over the ultimate crime : a functional shift in crisis management from the Rwandan genocide to Darfur
Taimur : the only survivor of women and children Anfal mass graves
Gone from the promised land : Jonestown in American cultural history
Lost Bird of Wounded Knee : spirit of the Lakota
In cold blood : a true account of a multiple murder and its consequences
The massacres at Mt. Halla : sixty years of truth seeking in South Korea
Why not kill them all? : the logic and prevention of mass political murder
Twilight
Witches! : the absolutely true tale of disaster in Salem
The glass devil
Little star
Atmospherics
The islamic state of Iraq and Syria : the history of Isis/Isil
Jokela School shooting on 7 November 2007 : report of the investigation commission
Suicidal mass murderers : a criminological study of why they kill
Rafah, a town at the southernmost tip of the Gaza Strip, is a squalid place. Raw concrete buildings front rubbish-strewn alleys. The narrow streets are crowded with young children and unemployed men. Situated on the border with Egypt, swaths of Rafah have been reduced to rubble. Rafah is today and has always been a notorious flashpoint in this most bitter of conflicts. Buried deep in the archives is one bloody incident, in 1956, that left 111 Palestinian refugees dead, shot by Israeli soldiers. Seemingly a footnote to a long history of killing, that day in Rafah - coldblooded massacre or dreadful mistake - reveals the competing truths that have come to define an intractable war. In a quest to get to the heart of what happened, Joe Sacco arrives in Gaza and, immersing himself in daily life, uncovers Rafah, past and present. Spanning fifty years, moving fluidly between one war and the next, alive with the voices of fugitives and schoolchildren, widows and sheikhs, Footnotes in Gaza captures the essence of a tragedy. As in Palestine and Safe Area Gora de, Joe Sacco's unique visual journalism has rendered a contested landscape in brilliant, meticulous detail. Footnotes in Gaza, his most ambitious work to date, transforms a critical conflict of our age into intimate and immediate experience.
End game
The Son My mass slaying
Encyclopedia of genocide. Vol. 2, I-Y
Massacre at Mountain Meadows
The operative
Among the mad : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Myth of martyrdom : what really drives suicide bombers, rampage shooters, and other self-destructive killers
Christians and Jews in Angevin England : the York Massacre of 1190, narratives and contexts
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
Ordinary people as mass murderers : perpetrators in comparative perspectives
Places of Pain and Shame is a cross-cultural study of sites that represent painful and/or shameful episodes in a national or local community's history, and the ways that government agencies, heritage professionals and the communities themselves seek to remember, commemorate and conserve these cases - or, conversely, choose to forget them. Such episodes and locations include: massacre and genocide sites, places related to prisoners of war, civil and political prisons, and places of 'benevolent' internment such as leper colonies and lunatic asylums. These sites bring shame upon us now for the cruelty and futility the events that occurred within them and the ideologies they represented.
A man without breath
Cry Zimbabwe : independence - twenty years ago
Holocaust representation : art within the limits of history and ethics / Berel Lang
The Cassinga event : an investigation of the records
