http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4081 teamwork
teamwork
New Ways of Organizing Work offers a broader understanding of changes to the way work is organized and the implications for relevant stakeholders. It brings together contributions from a well established group of international scholars to examine the nature and consequences of new ways of working. The book draws on studies of a variety of new forms of work, involving a diverse range of employees and drawing on experiences in a variety of countries. It includes three main empirical sections. The first focuses on different forms of work and working arrangements, stimulated by the use of technology, increased competitive pressure and media portrayal of work and working. In contrast to much other work in the field, a strong theme of this book is individuals' experiences of new ways of working. The second empirical section examines this theme with a specific focus on remote workers and their responses to new ways of working. Exploring contemporary trends towards increasing use of global teams, the third section examines the implications of distributed teams and the challenges for managing performance and knowledge transfer.
Team Building : A practical guide for trainers
Everyone's a coach : Five business secrets for high-performance coaching
Team players and teamwork : new strategies for developing successful collaboration
Whether you work at a home office or in one location of a global company, you need to work well with others to meet your professional and organizational goals. This book offers strategies for collaborating with colleagues more effectively no matter where you are. You'll learn tips and strategies for addressing a wide range of virtual work challenges, from conference calls to team chat room etiquette to navigating time zones to coping when technologies fail to avoiding feeling disconnected when you're not interacting one-on-one at the coffee station. Virtual Collaboration guides you through the basics of: - Deciding whether remote work is right for you - Communicating effectively over a variety of media - Clarifying the processes, goals, and tools you'll use to communicate and collaborate with your colleagues - Navigating common challenges, such as technology glitches, isolation, conflict, and performance issues.--
104 activities that build : self-esteem, teamwork, communition, anger management, self-discovery and coping skills
Managing human resources
Planning together : the art of effective teamwork
Promoting client centered substance abuse care in St. Petersburg : "Return to society" -project
Tools for team excellence : getting your team into high gear and keeping it there
Empowering people : how to bring out the best in your workforce
Supervision : managing for results
How teamwork works : the dynamics of effective team development
Applying Human Resource Tools to Promote the Effectiveness Management of Project-Based Organizations : A Case Study of Development Agency of Valkeakoski Region, Ltd.
Collaborative designing in a networked learning environment
Managing virtual teams
Spectacular teamwork : how to develop the leadership skills for team success
Partnerships : Leveraging Teamwork illustrates how to build high-performing teams and work effectively with others across organizational boundaries. Great leaders do not lead a collection of individuals but rather a unified team of people who work for the good of the organization. By learning the competencies of internal and external partnering, you will gain synergy, establish a spirit of community, and leverage the value of collaboration. The SCOPE of Leadership book series teaches the principles of a coaching approach to leadership and how to achieve exceptional results by working through people. You will learn a straightforward framework to guide you in developing, enabling, exhorting, inspiring, managing, and assimilating people. Benefit from the wisdom of many years of leadership, consulting, and executive coaching experience. Discover how to develop the competencies that align consistently with great leadership.
Attributions by Team Members for Team Outcomes in Finnish Working Life
The big book of virtual teambuilding games : quick, effective activities to build communication, trust and collaboration from anywhere!
Ubuntu! : an inspiring story about an African tradition of teamwork and collaboration
The wisdom of teams : creating the high-performance organization
Developing teams
The hedgehog effect : executive coaching and the secrets of building high performance teams
Useful but unused : group work in Europe
Handbook of team design : a practioner's guide to team system development
Brilliant teams : what to know, do and say to make a brilliant team
Essays on team cooperation and firm performance
"The book is important as it is one of the very few that touches the topic of team coaching, and that deals with group coaching and change"--
Organizational behavior
Shared learning and clinical teamwork : new directions in education for multiprofessional practice
Program management leadership : creating successful team dynamics
Hospitality leadership lessons in French gastronomy : the story of Guy and Franck Savoy
Sharpen your team's skills in time management
A kick in the attitude : an energizing approach to recharge your team, work, and life
Influencing virtual teams : 17 tactics that get things done with your remote employees
Expanding leadership impact
Virtual leadership : secrets from the round table for the multi-site manager
Software development for small teams : a RUP-centric approach
This thesis is a result of the writer’s own interest in project management and effective working. Project management should have been put into practice in the company but the change has been difficult. The objective of this thesis was to find the ways to improve the project working from the perspective of an ordinary designer. The company the thesis is made for is in a cultural change and the project management processes are brought into use. The study is made by participating in the project and observing the working. The writer has interviewed personnel from the various levels participating in the project. This information is compared to the theory and to the good practices. The results show that the organizational culture and the leadership have an essential impact on the project management implementing in the middle of the change of the culture. Working in the new way requires a great deal from the different parties in the company. The change begins from the company’s management and streams through the organization to the workers. Everyone needs to be committed, the change should be managed and controlled and truly brought into use.
Teamwork in operating room nursing : conceptual perspective and Finnish, British and American nurses' and nursing students' experiences
Approaches to a business negotiation : case study: teamwork, humour and teaching
Leading virtual teams : hold people accountable, build trust, encourage collaboration
Psychiatrists’ inner dialogues concerning workmates during need
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The magic of team work
Collectiveness within startup teams : leading the way to initiating and managing collective pursuit of opportunities in organizational contexts
International management behavior : global and sustainable leadership
When sparks fly : harnessing the power of group creativity
Facilitating with ease! : core skills for facilitators, team leaders and members, managers, consultants, and trainers
High performing teams : ...in brief
Narcissism : Behind the mask
When teams collide : managing the international team successfully
Effective multicultural teams : theory and practice
The leadership experience
Teacher teams that get results : 61 strategies for sustaining and renewing professional learning communities
Workshop team interpreting
The coming shape of organization
Succeeding as a self-directed work team : 20 important questions answered
Scrum : the art of doing twice the work in half the time
Individual and collective reflection : how to meet the needs of development in teaching
Mindfulness at work for dummies
Shifting identities : teamwork and supervisors in Swedish change programmes for the last three decades
World class teams : working across borders
Others : Developing People guides you in building the skills of others and developing top performers. Great leaders build teams of competent people who are able and willing to take ownership for the work that needs to be performed. By learning the competencies of coaching, enabling, and holding people accountable, you multiply your abilities, transfer your knowledge, and leave an enduring legacy. The SCOPE of Leadership book series teaches the principles of a coaching approach to leadership and how to achieve exceptional results by working through people. You will learn a straightforward framework to guide you in developing, enabling, exhorting, inspiring, managing, and assimilating people. Benefit from the wisdom of many years of leadership, consulting, and executive coaching experience. Discover how to develop the competencies that align consistently with great leadership.
Surf's up 2 = wave mania
"In today's global world organizations rely more and more on virtual teams. In his latest book on group coaching for high-performance teams, Manfred Kets de Vries provides a clear understanding of how to coach groups of managers and make them effective teams that can bring greatly improved performance for their companies. Executives, consultants, and coaches will learn what factors drive their success or failure and how to improve their ability to adapt to changing situations"--
The team: explorations in group process
The art and science of leadership
Long considered the standard for all organizational behavior textbooks, this text provides the research you want, in the language your students understand. This text continues its tradition of making current, relevant research come alive for students. This edition has been thoroughly updated to reflect the most current recent research for Organizational Behavior, while maintaining its hallmark features -clear writing style, cutting-edge content, and engaging pedagogy. This text is commited to provide the kind of engaging, cutting-edge material that helps students understand and connect with organizational behavior.
Team teaching : what, why and how?
A guide to customer service skills for the service desk professional
Teamwork for primary and shared care : a practical workbook
Partnerships : leveraging teamwork : a guide to coaching leaders to lead as coaches
The practical executive and team-building
Record to report : R2R team
The discipline of teamwork : participation and concertive control
The back of the napkin : solving problems and selling ideas with pictures
Brilliant manager : what the best managers know, do and say
Teaming to Innovate
Organisational behaviour for dummies
On a practical realization of Kolb's experiential learning cycle
Developing work and study skills
Scrum : a revolutionary approach to building teams, beating deadlines, and boosting productivity
Empowered teams : creating self-directed work groups that improve quality, productivity, and participation
Learning from cross-functional teamwork
Impact of sharing leadership on team performance in self-managed student teams
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Managing global virtual teams
The Concise Adair on teambuilding and motivation
Running a public relations department : Effective management techniques : Managing the budget : Internal and external relations
Making sense of change management : a complete guide to the models, tools and techniques of organizational change
Shackleton's way : leadership lessons from the great Antarctic explorer
Scalable high performing software teams
Building engaged team performance : align your processes and people to achieve game-changing business results
The 'Romance of Teams' : what do people think and feel about the idea of teamwork?
Multi-professional view on health and culture of elderly immigrants
The David solution : how to reclaim power and liberate your organization
Creativity in virtual teams : key components for success
The art of achieving quality
Team players and teamwork : the new competitive business strategy
Virtual Team Success : a practical guide for working and leading from a distance
Intelligent work groups in production environment : HR strategy of a SME company
Manager's guide to virtual teams
Challenges for virtual teams in voluntary organizations
Team training essentials : a research-based guide
Group effectiveness in organizations
How to lead a winning team
Designing effective work groups
The development and management of interpersonal trust in a business network in health, exercise, and wellbeing markets
Teamworking and quality improvement : lessons from British and North American organizations
Leading your team : how to involve and inspire teams
Teambuilder : How to be a better
Psychosocial work characteristics and incidence of newly diagnosed depression : a prospective cohort study of three theoretical models
Crisis management in acute care settings : human factors and team psychology in a high-stakes environment
Advances in interdisciplinary studies of work teams. Vol. 5, 2000, Product development teams
Management consulting in practice : award-winning international case studies
Workplace teams are supposed to harness employees' talents to tackle challenges. But the reality often falls short... Now imagine having a team where everyone steps up and performs all of the leadership tasks. Imagine a team that is constantly sharing knowledge and pushing the envelope--one that does long term planning and produces outstanding performance.
Innovative practices in team interpreting : EFSLI AGM & conference 2006, 15th-17th september 2006.
The team handbook
International nursing : cultivating a culture of empowerment
Managing successful teams
The five dysfunctions of a team : a leadership fable
Ethical work climate in a virtual team : towards a framework of studying ethical decision-making in a virtual team
Information processing in global virtual NPD projects
Leading Teams
Building successful virtual teams
Team building : proven strategies for improving team performance
New ways of organizing work : developments, perspectives and experiences
Approaches to a business negotiation case study : teamwork, humour and teaching
Virtual Teams Management: Overcoming the Obstacles to an Effective Team : Case Company: Blooming Twig LLC
Organizing an international conference : case study: ASD Conference 2006
Team interpreting : as collaboration and interdependence
Tiimiakatemia book of books : literature recommendations for team entrepreneurs, team leaders and team coaches
One for all and all for one : worker's views on their teamwork skills at the Veturipolku kindergarten
You win in the locker room first : 7 C's to build a winning team in sports, business and life
Virtual collaboration : work from anywhere, overcommunicate, avoid isolation
Health and social care management : a guide to self-development
Working with groups
"Preface About a year ago, a colleague of mine offered me the opportunity to write a book tailored to program managers and, more specifically, how leadership can create high-performing teams (HPTs) that regularly exceed expectations and operate as a collective, innovative, communication-driven, and conflict-positive group. At the time, I jumped at the idea. Not only have I been working as a project and program manager for over fifteen years, I have been teaching program/project/risk management courses both commercially and academically for ten-plus years. The idea of writing about one of my favorite subjects seemed ideal for the next challenge. However, writing this book has truly been a journey and not a dissertation. Through each chapter, case study, and example, I have finally found the opportunity to review the conscious decisions and management styles I have employed and the results of my approaches. There is no doubt that I have had the opportunity to work with some really fantastic teams that truly achieved HPT status, but I have also struggled with team development, cultures, communication issues, and conflicts. If you had asked me a year ago about my ability to develop HPTs and lead programs to successful conclusions, I would have immediately shouted, "Yes, of course I can do that." After writing this book, I realize that so many factors go into developing a team--including each member's skills, abilities, and willingness to join a team--that to be successful, leaders not only must make conscious choices on leadership but also must be able to actively read and interact with the corporate culture and environment, and to personally invest constantly in the team"--
Reaching agreement in a management team : a study of social influence
Keeping the team going : A tool kit to renew & refuel your workplace teams
The anatomy of multicultural teams : Approaching the concept of multicultural teamwork through synthesis and metaparadigm theory buillding
Six sigma and beyond : foundations of excellent performance
HBR's 10 must reads. On teams
Rewarding teams
Transcompetition : moving beyond competition and collaboration
Improving project work in the middle of cultural change
Building great software engineering teams : recruiting, hiring, and managing your team from startup to success
Advances in interdisciplinary studies of work teams. Vol. 4, 1997, Team implementation issues
Multi-project management with a multi-skilled workforce : a Quantitative Approach Aiming at Small Project Teams
Teaming by design : real teams for real people
Evaluation of bridge teammates' mental workload for simulator-based training using physiological indices : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140401)
Essentials of Team Building : Principles and Practices
Management & organisational behaviour
Intercultural communication in experience tourism in the Inari area
The work of the nursing team in general practice
IISE - Interpreting in International Settings : training material for interpreters
Organizational behaviour
No hero : the evolution of a navy SEAL
Innovation : managing the development of profitable new products
Improving students' team and personal skills
Implementing excellence in your health care organization : managing, leading and collaborating
Team effectiveness and decision making in organizations
Effective use of teambuilding in social welfare organisations
The results-driven manager : teams that click
Management in engineering : principles and practice
Cultural Chameleons and Teamwork Terminators − Promoting Intercultural Management in the Baltic Sea Region PIM 2009 as Intercultural Teamwork
Intercultural skills needed by staffs in a multinational team
Wearing the "C" : leadership secrets from hockey's greatest captains
Ethical team leadership : as construed by Finnish managers
Communication @ work : ethical, effective and expressive communication in the workplace
Succeeding as a self-managed team : a practical guide to operating as a self-managed work team
Team-based project management
Is team formation gender neutral? : evidence from coauthorship patterns
A team of leaders : empowering every member to take ownership, demonstrate initiative, and deliver results
Managing successful teams : how to achieve your objectives by working effectively with others
A coding scheme development methodology using grounded theory for qualitative analysis of pair programming
Emotions and mood in a workgroup
Group and team coaching : the essential guide
Phenomena in a virtual environment : virtual team communication in a simulation game
One of the emerging practices in leadership is the shared leadership. It was developed due to autonomy and self-direction which was required to steer team to a performance driven direction. Teams, as they are known, is a group of people working for a common goals and objectives, of which students are also included, Therefore, this research examine shared leadership in the context of students precisely International business degree students. The objective of this research was basically meant to examine the shared leadership in and its impact on the performance based on the context of the students under investigation.  Findings from this research evaluate the areas in which the students effectively practice shared leadership and provide suggestions and pathway for improvement in team activities within student's teams.
Building team spirit : activities for inspiring and energizing teams
Breakthrough teamwork : outstanding results using structured teamwork
Human aspects of software engineering
Teams and team-working
Total quality management
The book Managing Virtual Teams explores the critical elements that must be considered in managing virtual teams in organizations from structural, managerial, and process points-of-view. Based in solid research, the book provides a deep look at the nature of virtual teams and the factors that enable their success.Using a text-analysis method, the book consolidates results from both academic and practitioners' sources about virtual team inputs, processes, and outcomes. It lays out in clear detail the key characteristics of virtual teams and traces their emergence within organizations and research literature. Managing Virtual Teams addresses the particular practices of virtual teams, not only technological-focused but also socio-emotional, including the managerial attitudes required in virtual environments seeking well-performing teams. Incorporating case studies and research results, this book demonstrates how academic research can be used to successfully manage businesses in a virtual context.This book is a valuable contribution with clear guidelines for managerial practice, both for researchers interested in learning about virtual teams and to managers and organizations dealing with the challenges of managing them. Students will also benefit from this book as they learn how to become effective and operational virtual team members, and in future, successful managers.
Conflicts and multicultural team : Developing competencies for managers
Performance effectiveness of virtual teams in the 21st century
Becoming a resonant leader : develop your emotional intelligence, renew your relationships, sustain your effectiveness
Others : developing people : a guide to coaching leaders to lead as coaches
Managing teams for dummies
Reengineering of a company into a process organization
The leader : developing the skills & personal qualities you need to lead effectively
Leadership : theory and practice
Teamwork and team building : soft skills for a digital workplace
Winning strategies from the sports arena that can be applied everywhere! -- Book Jacket.
Scrum is the revolutionary approach to project management and team building that has helped to transform everything from software companies to the US military to healthcare in major American hospitals. This book explains precisely and step by step how it operates - and how it can be made to work for anyone, anywhere.
Greating top flight teams
Collaborate : the art of we
Fuzzy multicriteria decision-making : models, methods and applications
Total performance scorecard : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Project team dynamics : enhancing performance, improving results
Team of teams : new rules of engagement for a complex world
Interpersonal evaluation of knowledge in distributed team collaboration
