http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4083 intelligence services
intelligence services
One hit : a sniper novel
Tremor of intent : an eschatological spy novel
Game of spies : the secret agent, the traitor and the Nazi
The traitor
The lost army of Cambyses
For valour
Killer Elite : the inside story of America's most secret special operations team
The end game
Professor Satō's three formulae. Part 1, Mortimer in Tokyo
The payback
THE SECOND OLDEST PROFESSION
The second woman
Accompanying a group of veteran soldiers on an expedition to the North Pole should be a simple job for ex-deniable operative Nick Stone. But when they're intercepted in their tracks by hulking men with powerful weapons and an enormous ice-breaker ship claiming to be US Navy, Stone immediately understands that not everyone on this trip is who they say they are. When members of the crew begin to die, it is clear that the murderer must be amongst them. And when the very motivations of the trek are called into question, Stone doesn't only have multiple murders on his hands, he has an international crisis to deal with too.
In this grave hour : Maisie Dobbs Series, Book 13
Palace of treason : a novel
The 39 steps
Intercept : the secret history of computers and spies
Robert Ludlum's The Lazarus vendetta : a covert-one novel
Spook country
The billion dollar spy : a true story of Cold War espionage and betrayal
The black widow
Red to black
Chinese intelligence operations
The swimmer : a novel
KGB : the secret work of Soviet secret agents
A bloody storm
Tom Clancys support and defend
The secret war : spies, codes and guerrillas 1939-45
The intelligence war : penetrating the secret world of today's advanced technology conflict
KGB lexicon : the Soviet intelligence officer's handbook
Black mass : Whitey Bulger, the FBI, and a devil's deal
The encyclopedia of American intelligence and espionage : from the revolutionary war to the present
The assassination option : a clandestine operations novel
The dictionary of espionage : spookspeak into English
Stalin's Englishman : the lives of Guy Burgess
The Americans. The complete second season
The chamber
Gentleman spy : the life of Allen Dulles
Robert Ludlum's the Moscow vector : a covert-one novel
Deadlock
CIA : secrets of "the company"
The ultimate spy book
The history of espionage   : the clandestine world of surveillance, spying and intelligence from ancient times to the post-9-/11 world
"Admiral James G Stavridis, US Navy, former Supreme Allied Commander Europe. Closely modelled on his NATO experience of war gaming future conflicts, 2017 War With Russia is a chilling account of where we are heading if we fail to recognise the threat posed by the Russian president. Written by the recently retired Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe and endorsed by senior military figures, this book shows how war with Russia could erupt with the bloodiest and most appalling consequences if the necessary steps are not taken urgently... "--Publisher description.
Europe in winter
Stasi : the untold story of the East German secret police
The James Bond omnibus. Volume 004
Yael Azoulay does the United Nations' dirty work. From the caves of Afghanistan and the slums of Baghdad to the world's corporate boardrooms, Yael's job is to broker the secret deals that grease the wheels of superpower diplomacy and big business. When a suspicious death at the UN headquarters in Manhattan is covered up, Yael decides that the ends no longer justify the means and she goes rogue. Events quickly spiral out of control as Yael is forced on the run in the streets of New York and Geneva. Hunted by the world's intelligence and law enforcement agencies, Yael must ultimately learn that salvation means not just saving other's lives but slaying her own inner demons.
"Combining the pulsating drive of Showtime's Homeland with the fascinating historical detail of such of narrative nonfiction bestsellers as Double Cross and In the Garden of Beasts, Dark Invasion is Howard Blum's gritty, high-energy true-life tale of German espionage and terror on American soil during World War I, and the NYPD Inspector who helped uncover the plot--the basis for the film to be produced by and starring Bradley Cooper. When a "neutral" United States becomes a trading partner for the Allies early in World War I, the Germans implement a secret plan to strike back. A team of saboteurs--including an expert on germ warfare, a Harvard professor, and a brilliant, debonair spymaster--devise a series of "mysterious accidents" using explosives and biological weapons, to bring down vital targets such as ships, factories, livestock, and even captains of industry like J.P. Morgan. New York Police Inspector Tom Tunney, head of the department's Bomb Squad, is assigned the difficult mission of stopping them. Assembling a team of loyal operatives, the cunning Irish cop hunts for the conspirators among a population of more than eight million Germans. But the deeper he finds himself in this labyrinth of deception, the more Tunney realizes that the enemy's plan is far more complex and more dangerous than he suspected.Full of drama and intensity, illustrated with eight pages of black and-white photos, Dark Invasion is riveting war thriller that chillingly echoes our own time"--
Robert Ludlum's the Cassandra compact : a covert-one novel
Playing to the edge : American intelligence in the age of terror
A century of spies
Forty autumns : a family's story of courage and survivial on both sides of the Berlin Wall
Whiteout : the CIA, drugs and the press
A deniable death
The CIA file
The patriot threat
Wallace at bay
The spider of Sarajevo
Disunited states
"Personal information contained in your emails, phone calls, GPS movements and social media is a hot commodity, and corporations are cashing in by mining and selling the data they collect about our private lives. "Spying on Democracy" reveals how the government acquires and uses such information to target those individuals and/or groups it deems threatening"--
In spies we trust : the story of western intelligence
Toxic
A World of Secrets : the uses and limits of intelligence
One man's flag
'We ourselves were almost awestruck, not so much at the power of the bomb for this we had expected, but because the Americans had used it with so little notice.' R. V. Jones, head of wartime British scientific intelligence A professor of architecture at Cambridge University, Marcial Echenique, recently became curious when he found wiring concealed under the floorboards of his country mansion, Farm Hall in Godmanchester, Cambridgeshire. The mansion had an astonishing past as an MI6 and M1I9 staging post for some of the most daring secret operations of WWII. But in April, 1945, Farm Hall was to play an even more astounding role, as a 'country club' for ten of Germany's top nuclear physicists after they had been captured in Germany and secretly flown back to England in a daring raid codenamed Operation Big. Every word they uttered was bugged by MI6 eavesdroppers using the wires found by the Professor.
The Elizabethan secret service
Cold blood
A spy among friends : Kim Philby and the great betrayal
Plutarch's staff
The Litvinenko file : Politics, polonium and Russia's war with itself
Lucifer rising : British intelligence and the occult in the Second World War
Inside the company : CIA diary
Tom Clancy's Under fire
The survivor
Global intelligence : the world's secret services today
Spy : twenty years of secret service : memoirs
A century of spies : intelligence in the twentieth century
Stettin Station
The whole truth
A history of the Russian secret service
The second oldest profession : the spy as bureaucrat, patriot, fantasist and whore
The Guinness book of espionage
The devil in amber : a "shocker"
Behind God's back
Dark invasion : the secret war against the Kaiser's spies
Dead or alive
The undertaker's gift
The forgotten
Empty quarter
Russian intelligence gathering for domestic R&D : short cut or dead end for modernisation?
Menolly, an acrobat-turned-vampire and operative for the Otherworld Intelligence Agency, must finally confront her sire, Dredge, who, in partnership with the demon Shadow Wing, is turning humans into newborn vampires.
Tom Clancy under fire
Personal : [A Jack Reacher thriller]
Documents from the U.S. espionage den : America: supporter of usurpers of the qods
Rendezvous at the Russian tea rooms
All he saw was the girl
Secret service : the making of the British intelligence community
Unknown soldier
The chosen
Mitch Rapp is used to winning. But now the CIA operative finds himself chasing false leads from continent to continent in an effort to keep nukes from falling into the hands of terrorists. Together with friend and colleague Scott Coleman, Rapp struggles to prevent the loss of these lethal weapons, and soon it becomes alarmingly clear that forces in Moscow are hell-bent on creating even more chaos and turmoil in the Middle East. Rapp must go deep into Russian territory, posing as an American ISIS recruit, to stop a plan much more dangerous and insidious than he ever expected.
In the tradition of Ben MacIntyre, 'Game of Spies' tells the story of a lethal spy triangle in Bordeaux between 1942 and 1944 in Bordeaux - and of France's greatest betrayal by aristocratic and right-wing Resistance leader Andre Grandclement.
The secret speech
Moscow sting
The dying light
Divorce islamic style
How to be an international spy
Scorpia rising : Alex Rider
The pale house
The Bourne enigma
Jason Bourne is in Moscow to attend the wedding of his old friend and covert brother-in-arms Colonel Boris Karpov. But something is terribly amiss and during the gala reception, Karpov's throat is slit from ear to ear. Embedded in the wound is the Star of David worn by Bourne's friend and lover, Mossad's most deadly field agent, Sara Yadin. Did Sara kill Karpov? The FSB thinks so, and sends out a world-wide kill order. Russia's new war is going well. Incursions into Ukraine, the counter-insurgency, the Kremlin-led disinformation campaign are all escalating smoothly. But with the price of oil and gas plummeting, along with the ruble, where is Russia getting the money needed to fund this war? Two mysteries only Jason Bourne can solve. And solve them he must, both to head off a full-scale invasion of Ukraine and to keep Sara alive.
Operation Big : the race to stop Hitler's A-bomb
The man with the golden gun
The Afghan
Derrick Storm is back - this time with a crack team of ghost CIA operatives. These former agents have all faked their own deaths and now work for the CIA on a strictly secret basis, taking on dangerous and illegal jobs the agency may not officially carry out. They're headed to the Molguzar Mountains to look for sixty billion dollars' worth of gold hidden by the KGB before the collapse of the Soviet Union, and taking a perilous detour to rescue FBI agent April Showers from a sociopathic torturer.
The new spymasters : inside espionage from the Cold War to global terror
Spying on democracy : government surveillance, corporate power and public resistance
Command authority
Jason Bourne
2017 war with Russia : an urgent warning from senior military command
The winter fortress : the epic mission to sabotage Hitler's atomic bomb
Saving Bletchley Park
The Broker
The lost key
Operation Paperclip : the secret intelligence program that brought Nazi scientists to America
At her majesty's secret service : the chiefs of Britain's intelligence service, MI6
Journey to Munich
Spycatcher : the candid autobiography of a senior intelligence officer
Black butterfly : a secret service thriller
A foreign country
Secret agents
Hemlock Bay
Dulles : a biography of Eleanor, Allen, and John Foster Dulles and their family network
Informing statecraft : intelligence for a new century
A divided spy
Set Europe ablaze : special operations executive in Western Europe 1940-45
Snakehead : Alex Rider
Inside the KGB : myth and reality
Eisenhower's guerillas : the Jedburghs, the Maquis, and the liberation of France
Blood of the earth
The Geneva option
Rudi, the former chef-turned-spy, returns on a mission to uncover the truth—in a fractured Europe utterly changed by the public unveiling of the Community. Union has been forged and the Community is now the largest nation in Europe; trains run there from as far afield as London and Prague. It is an era of unprecedented peace and prosperity. So what is the reason for a huge terrorist outrage? Why do the Community and Europe meet in secret, exchanging hostages? And who are Les Coureurs des Bois? Along with a motley crew of strays and mafiosi and sleeper agents, Rudi sets out to answer these questions—only to discover that the truth lies both closer to home and farther away than anyone could imagine.
Off the grid
Get the truth : former CIA officers teach you how to persuade anyone to tell all
Tom Clancy Support and Defend : a Campus novel
The FBI in our open society
MI6 : fifty years of special operations
Father Night
The Septimus wave
The final cut
Message for eternity
The nazi secret service
Our kind of traitor
Strategic intelligence for American world policy
Professor Satō's three formulae. Part 2, Mortimer versus Mortimer
Hell's corner
The man in the snow
Crisis four
