http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4086 espionage
espionage
I and my true love
Deception : spies, lies and how Russia dupes the west
Guilty minds
Derrick Storm is back - this time with a crack team of ghost CIA operatives. These former agents have all faked their own deaths and now work for the CIA on a strictly secret basis, taking on dangerous and illegal jobs the agency may not officially carry out. They're headed to the Molguzar Mountains to look for sixty billion dollars' worth of gold hidden by the KGB before the collapse of the Soviet Union, and taking a perilous detour to rescue FBI agent April Showers from a sociopathic torturer.
In spies we trust : the story of western intelligence
"A top-ranking Iranian military official is blown up while trying to defect to the West. An investigative journalist is arrested and imprisoned for writing an article critical of the Turkish government. An Iranian nuclear scientist is assassinated on the streets of Tehran. These three incidents, seemingly unrelated, have one crucial link. Each of the three had been recently recruited by Western intelligence, before being removed or killed.  Then Paul Wallinger, MI6's most senior agent in Turkey, dies in a puzzling plane crash. Fearing the worst, MI6 bypasses the usual protocol and brings disgraced agent Tom Kell in from the cold to investigate. Kell soon discovers what Wallinger had already begun to suspect--that there's a mole somewhere in the Western intelligence, a traitor who has been systematically sabotaging scores of joint intelligence operations in the Middle East. "--
Soviet acquisition of military significant western technology : an update
Stalin's agent : the life and death of Alexander Orlov
The burning page
Dark invasion : the secret war against the Kaiser's spies
How to be an international spy
My son, the double agent
Another time, another life : the story of a crime
Espionage : an encyclopedia of spies and secrets
The Apocalypse Watch
The ultimate spy book
Leaving Berlin : a novel
MI6 : fifty years of special operations
"Combining the pulsating drive of Showtime's Homeland with the fascinating historical detail of such of narrative nonfiction bestsellers as Double Cross and In the Garden of Beasts, Dark Invasion is Howard Blum's gritty, high-energy true-life tale of German espionage and terror on American soil during World War I, and the NYPD Inspector who helped uncover the plot--the basis for the film to be produced by and starring Bradley Cooper. When a "neutral" United States becomes a trading partner for the Allies early in World War I, the Germans implement a secret plan to strike back. A team of saboteurs--including an expert on germ warfare, a Harvard professor, and a brilliant, debonair spymaster--devise a series of "mysterious accidents" using explosives and biological weapons, to bring down vital targets such as ships, factories, livestock, and even captains of industry like J.P. Morgan. New York Police Inspector Tom Tunney, head of the department's Bomb Squad, is assigned the difficult mission of stopping them. Assembling a team of loyal operatives, the cunning Irish cop hunts for the conspirators among a population of more than eight million Germans. But the deeper he finds himself in this labyrinth of deception, the more Tunney realizes that the enemy's plan is far more complex and more dangerous than he suspected.Full of drama and intensity, illustrated with eight pages of black and-white photos, Dark Invasion is riveting war thriller that chillingly echoes our own time"--
The corporal's wife
The expats
A divided spy
The Penkovsky papers : the Russian who spied for the west
Lady S. [Vol. 1], Here's to Suzie!
The English girl
The eleventh commandment
A history of the Russian secret service
KGB : the secret work of Soviet secret agents
The third title in Genevieve Cogman's clever and exciting The Invisible Library series, The Burning Page is an action-packed literary adventure! When it's your job to save the day - where do you start? Librarian spy Irene has standards to maintain, especially while on probation. And absconding from a mission via a besieged building doesn't look good. But when her escape route home goes up in flames, what's a spy to do? However, it seems Gates back to the Library are malfunctioning across dozens of worlds. Worse still, her nemesis Alberich is responsible -and he plans to annihilate the Library itself. Irene and assistant Kai are posted to St Petersburg, to help combat this threat. Here Alberich emerges, as Irene tries to save her friend Vale and foil assassination attempts. Then one incredibly dangerous opportunity to save the Library emerges. Saving herself would be a bonus ...Irene's adventures feature stolen books, secret agents and forbidden societies - think Doctor Who but with librarian spies!
Spies of the Balkans
The judas gate
Lime's photograph
The eidolon
006 and a bit
Seventeen moments of spring. Parts 9-10 = Semnadtsat mgnoveni vesny. [9-10 serii]
The pigeon tunnel : stories from my life
A foreign country
The encyclopedia of American intelligence and espionage : from the revolutionary war to the present
The Guinness book of espionage
"Throughout the late 1970s and early '80s, dozens of Japanese citizens were abducted from coastal Japanese towns by North Korean commandos. In what proved to be part of a global project, North Korea attempted to reeducate the abductees and train them to spy on the state's behalf. When the project faltered, the abductees were hidden in a series of guarded communities known as "Invitation-Only Zones"--the fiction being that these were exclusive enclaves, not prisons. In 2002, Kim Jong Il admitted to kidnapping thirteen Japanese citizens and returned five of them (the other eight, he said, had died). From the moment that Robert S. Boynton first saw a photograph of these men and women, he became obsessed with the window their story provided into the vexed politics of Northeast Asia. In The Invitation-Only Zone, he untangles the logic behind the kidnappings and shows why some Japanese citizens described them as "their 9/11." He tells the story of how dozens were abducted and reeducated; how they married and had children; and how they lived anonymously as North Korean citizens. He speaks with nationalists, diplomats, abductees, and even crab fishermen, unearthing the bizarre North Korean propaganda tactics and the peculiar cultural interests of both counties.  A deeply reported, thoroughly researched treatise on the power struggle of one of the most important areas in the global economy, Boynton's keen investigation is riveting and revelatory"--
Dead drop : the true story of Oleg Penkovsky and the Cold War's most dangerous operation
Lady S. [Vol. 3] : Game of fools
Russian intelligence gathering for domestic R&D : short cut or dead end for modernisation?
The dragon arcana
The quest for Anna Klein
The secret servant
The sympathizer
The billion dollar spy : a true story of Cold War espionage and betrayal
Cold city : version one point one : a game of hidden agendas, trust and monster hunting
Sidney Sheldon's Reckless : a Tracy Whitney novel
Chinese intelligence operations
The blind run
The intelligence war : penetrating the secret world of today's advanced technology conflict
Red spies in America : stolen secrets and the dawn of the Cold War
Nerds. Book one : National espionage, rescue, and defense society
Journey to Munich : a Maisie Dobbs novel
The invitation-only zone : the true story of North Korea's abduction project
Orders from Berlin
The Emperor's gold
The Chinese secret service
The woman who lost her soul
Command authority
Magic to the bone
Chief Intelligencer John Shakespeare, the bard's younger brother, is summoned out of retirement back to the dangerous intrigues of the palace when a plot against the aging Queen Elizabeth I causes her to be targeted by two of England's most powerful men
They came to Baghdad
The lieutenant's lover
Under cover : my four years in the nazi underworld of America: the amazing revelation of how axis agents and our enemies within are now plotting to destroy the United States
Inside the company : CIA diary
The orchid affair : a pink carnation novel
A hooded crow
Lily of the field
The Rembrandt affair
CIA̕s secret war
A bloody storm
Seventeen moments of spring. Parts 1&2 = Semnadtsat mgnoveni vesny. [1-2 serii]
Too many murders
Our kind of traitor
The knowhow book of spycraft
The restoration game
The boys book of spycraft  : how to be the best secret agent ever
Spycatcher : The candid aurobiography of a senior intelligence officer
The Zhivago affair : the Kremlin, the CIA, and the battle over a forbidden book
The Night Manager
Cold War : CIA vs KGB
In their footsteps & Thief of hearts
Espionage : fascinating stories of spies and spying
The network
Sidney Chambers and the perils of the night
Military intelligence and the universities : a study of an ambivalent relationship
One man's flag
Gurps operation endgame : global conspiracy and illuminated intrigue
The new spymasters : inside espionage from the Cold War to global terror
Prince of fire
Spyclopaedia : an encyclopaedia of spies, secret services, operations, jargon and all subjects to the world of espionage
The night manager : a novel
Second violin
Scorpia rising : Alex Rider
The spy who came in from the cold
Snakehead : Alex Rider
Spy for Fidel
The craft of intelligence
The spy with 29 names : the story of the Second World War's most audacious double agent
Liberty
Documents from the U.S. espionage den : America: supporter of usurpers of the qods
The espionage establishment
Stormbreaker : the graphic novel
The secret war : spies, codes and guerrillas 1939-45
A very dangerous woman : the lives, loves and lies of Russia's most seductive spy
Blood red, snow white
The troubled man
Eye in the sky
Operation Big : the race to stop Hitler's A-bomb
"A novel of Mata Hari's final days, as written by the woman herself while accused of espionage" --
The dictionary of espionage : spookspeak into English
The temptation of the night jasmine
Herring on the Nile
The secret agent : a simple tale
Tom Clancy's splinter cell trilogy : classics HD : PlayStation 3
The mischief of the mistletoe
Caught in the act : facts about U.S. espionage and subversion against the U.S.S.R
The golden hour: [a Judd Ryker novel]
The Hidden Target
Traitor
Rendezvous at the Russian tea rooms
My silent war
Intercept : the secret history of computers and spies
Russian roulette : Alex Rider
Stalin's hammer : Rome
A little white death
Black Cross
The history of espionage   : the clandestine world of surveillance, spying and intelligence from ancient times to the post-9-/11 world
A colder war
The world at night
The Snowden files : the inside story of the world's most wanted man
Operation mind control
Touch the devil
The enemy is listening
The kill list
TRUE WAR  & COMBAT STORIES. In the summer of 1962, one year after the rise of the Berlin Wall, a group of daring young West Germans risked prison, Stasi torture and even death to liberate friends, lovers, and strangers in East Berlin by digging tunnels under the Wall. Then, as the world's press heard about the secret projects, two television networks raced to be the first to document them from the inside, funding two separate tunnels for exclusive rights to film the escapes. In response, President John F. Kennedy and his administration, wary of anything that might raise tensions and force a military confrontation with the Soviets, maneuvered to quash both documentaries.
Lady S. [Vol. 4] : A mole in D.C
The cobras of Calcutta
Black out
The Russia house
The Milkshake Detectives
Spies without cloaks : The KGB's successors
Agent Zigzag : the true wartime story of Eddie Chapman : the most notorious double agent of World War II
Crisis
Most secret war
The Napoleon complex
Spies in the sky : the secret battle for aerial intelligence during world war II
The fourth protocol
The red shoe
The spy : a novel
SIX : a history of britain's Secret Intelligence Service : Part 1: Murder and Mayhem 1909-1939
The house of rumour
Empire of sand
The Spy Who Came in From the Cold
Spynosaur is secret agency Department 6's not-so secret weapon. Created by mysterious science rays, Spynosaur has the mind of a super spy and the body of a dinosaur. Dedicated to protecting the world from criminal masterminds, this prehistoric powerhouse dishes out justice and puns to a host of eccentric enemies. But when he and his sidekick daughter Amber are sent to rescue a captured fellow agent, Spynosaur becomes embroiled in a plot to frame him. Can he and Amber clear his name in time to save the world?
The tunnels : the untold story of the escapes under the Berlin Wall
Whiskey tango foxtrot
The unseen war in Europe : espionage and conspiracy in the Second World War
The hawks of London
Strategic intelligence for American world policy
Malayan spymaster : memoirs of a rubber planter, bandit fighter, and spy
'We ourselves were almost awestruck, not so much at the power of the bomb for this we had expected, but because the Americans had used it with so little notice.' R. V. Jones, head of wartime British scientific intelligence A professor of architecture at Cambridge University, Marcial Echenique, recently became curious when he found wiring concealed under the floorboards of his country mansion, Farm Hall in Godmanchester, Cambridgeshire. The mansion had an astonishing past as an MI6 and M1I9 staging post for some of the most daring secret operations of WWII. But in April, 1945, Farm Hall was to play an even more astounding role, as a 'country club' for ten of Germany's top nuclear physicists after they had been captured in Germany and secretly flown back to England in a daring raid codenamed Operation Big. Every word they uttered was bugged by MI6 eavesdroppers using the wires found by the Professor.
