http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4082 security services
security services
The new spymasters : inside espionage from the Cold War to global terror
Ethics and security
SMERSH : Stalin's secret weapon : Soviet military counterintelligence in WWII
Security operations management
From police to security professional : a guide to a successful career transition
Enemies : a history of the FBI
Walking on the razorblade : Law, war and the deadly art of spy craft
The Camel Club
Making intelligence accountable : legal standards and best practice for oversight of intelligence agencies
Personal : a Jack Reacher novel
The terminal spy : the life and death of Alexander Litvinenko
MI6 : fifty years of special operations
A century of spies
Surveillance and intelligence law handbook
Dead or alive
The modern bodyguard
Personal : [A Jack Reacher thriller]
Hyperion
The eagle and the lion : the tragedy of American-Iranian relations
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
Fixing intelligence : for a more secure America
Operational policy making for professional security: practical policy skills for the public and private sector
Measuring and communicating security's value : a compendium of metrics for enterprise protection
Espionage : an encyclopedia of spies and secrets
Intelligence and counter-terrorism in a multi-centric world
Security 2020 : Reduce security risks this decade
Stasiland : stories from behind the Berlin Wall
Intelligence-based security in private industry
Cloud computing is not a particular information technology but a concept/channel of communications, sometimes compared to network services such as providing gas or electricity. Cloud computing, giving an opportunity to use IT infrastructure and tools as a service, not a product, has become one of the most influential tendency in a development of modern IT, being a popular method of outsourcing of IT services for companies and individuals. A paper identifies key regulatory problems presently faced by cloud computing. Then a paper delivers a general overview of existing EU legal provisions that can be applied to cloud computing. The application of current regulations to solving problems resulting from cloud computing is rather limited what was confirmed by an opinion on data protection in cloud computing announced in July 2012 by so called Article 29 Working Party. The further part of a paper brings the analysis of the Commission's initiatives concerning cloud computing. Commission's strategy on cloud computing seeks solutions of many issues related to cloud computing in future (currently under preparation) EU regulations such as so-called General Data Protection Regulation and others. The paper concludes that the EU's regulatory policy on cloud computing should be based on 'soft framework' (unbinding soft law and policy measures) rather than binding regulation..
How to disappear : erase your digital footprint, leave false trails, and vanish without a trace
The formation and role of the Kosovo Security Force
The Bulgarian umbrella : the Soviet direction and operations of the Bulgarian Secret Service in Europe
Tom Clancys support and defend
US elite counter-terrorist forces
The killing ground
Security : an introduction
From ancient Rome to rock 'n' roll : a review of the UK leisure security industry
Introduction to executive protection
The Mitrokhin archive : the KGB in Europe and the West
"The fully revised second edition of the Handbook of Security provides the most comprehensive analysis of scholarly security debates and issues to date. Including contributions from some of the world's leading scholars, it explores a range of issues and debates that impact our understanding of how security is provided.Consisting of over forty chapters, the volume considers an array of topics such as workplace crime, terrorism, organized crime and counterfeiting, and applies discussions of crime and security to a variety of sectors including retail, finance, and tourism. The handbook includes a new section on approaches to researching security through ethnography, systematic reviews and meta-analysis. In later sections, it analyses security products and services such as guards, alarms and CCTV, as well as the management of security where chapters focus on crisis management, partnerships and regulation. The final section critiques security using various approaches including critical security studies, professionalization and ethics.Informed by disciplines including environmental science, criminology, politics and economics, the Handbook of Security is essential reading for all those engaged with the security world"--
The Racketeer
The fall of Hyperion
Quantico. The complete first season
Statewatching the new Europe : a handbook on the European state
Corporate security in the 21st century : theory and practice in international perspective
Physical and technical security : an introduction
The effective security officer's training manual
Spying on democracy : government surveillance, corporate power and public resistance
Blackstone's guide to the anti-terrorism legislation
The C.I.A. and the U-2 program, 1954-1974
Psychic warrior : the true story of the CIA's paranormal espionage
Security management : business strategies for success
The manager's handbook for corporate security : establishing and managing a successful assets protection program
Flirting with disaster
KGB lexicon : the Soviet intelligence officer's handbook
The catch : a novel
More 'instructions from the Centre' : top secret files on KGB global operations 1975-1985
Global security consulting : how to build a thriving international practice
A wanted man : a Jack Reacher novel
The leviathan effect
Stalin's agent : the life and death of Alexander Orlov
Security and loss prevention : an introduction
God's jury : the inquisition and the making of the modern world
Tom Clancy Support and Defend : a Campus novel
Security officers and policing : powers, culture and control in the governance of private space
MI5: British security service operations 1909-1945
Who's watching the spies? : establishing intelligence service accountability
Faculty of health sciences' research day symposium 2017 : effectiveness of health care : abstracts
Lime's photograph
New Cloak, Old Dagger : how britain's spies came in from the cold
The handbook of security
President down
"In this spirited sequel to the acclaimed The Rook, Myfanwy Thomas returns to clinch an alliance between deadly rivals and avert epic - and slimy - supernatural war.  When secret organizations are forced to merge after years of enmity and bloodshed, only one person has the fearsome powers - and the bureaucratic finesse - to get the job done. Facing her greatest challenge yet, Rook Myfanwy Thomas must broker a deal between two bitter adversaries:  The Checquy - the centuries-old covert British organization that protects society from supernatural threats, and...  The Grafters - a centuries-old supernatural threat.  But as bizarre attacks sweep London, threatening to sabotage negotiations, old hatreds flare. Surrounded by spies, only the Rook and two women who absolutely hate each other, can seek out the culprits before they trigger a devastating otherworldly war.  Stiletto is a novel of preternatural diplomacy, paranoia, and snide remarks, from an author who "adroitly straddles the thin line between fantasy, thriller, and spoof " (Booklist)"--
Fluffy strikes back : a P.U.R.S.T. adventure
Introduction to excecutive protection
Stasiland : stories from behind the Berlin wall
The FBI in our open society
Imperial state and revolution : the United States and Cuba, 1952-1986
In spies we trust : the story of western intelligence
Lucifer rising : British intelligence and the occult in the Second World War
Providing protective services : a practical guide for police and security
Finland : private military and security services in the regulatory context of Finland
A high-ranking member of a secret organization that battles supernatural forces wakes up in a London park with no memory, no idea who she is, and with a letter that provides instructions to help her uncover a far-reaching conspiracy.
KGB : the inside story of its foreign operations from Lenin to Gorbachev
Casino security and gaming surveillance
The history thieves : secrets, lies and the shaping of a modern nation
The French secret services : from the Dreyfus Affair to the Gulf War
Security supervision and management : theory and practice of asset protection
Guard force management
Tom Clancy's full force and effect
Principles of security and crime prevention
Personal
A thread of deceit : espionage myths of World War II
The perfect kill : a personal history of modern assassination
Becoming a global chief security executive officer : a how to guide for next generation security leaders
"Personal information contained in your emails, phone calls, GPS movements and social media is a hot commodity, and corporations are cashing in by mining and selling the data they collect about our private lives. "Spying on Democracy" reveals how the government acquires and uses such information to target those individuals and/or groups it deems threatening"--
Secret intelligence in the twentieth century
KGB : the secret work of Soviet secret agents
Enemies is the first definitive history of the FBI's secret intelligence operations, from an author whose work on the Pentagon and the CIA won him the Pulitzer Prize and the National Book Award. We think of the FBI as America's police force. But secret intelligence is the Bureau's first and foremost mission. Enemies is the story of how presidents have used the FBI to conduct political warfare, and how the Bureau became the most powerful intelligence service the United States possesses. Here is the hidden history of America's hundred-year war on terror. The FBI has fought against terrorists, spies, anyone it deemed subversive--and sometimes American presidents. The FBI's secret intelligence and surveillance techniques have created a tug-of-war between national security and civil liberties. It is a tension that strains the very fabric of a free republic.--Publisher description.
Introduction to security
Security in 2020
The Gestapo at work in Norway
The Rook
Private military and security companies: ethics, policies and civil-military relations
Secret service : Xbox 360
Strategic intelligence for American world policy
The operators : on the streets with Britain's most secret service
The rain-soaked bride
More value from security : redefining value creation and service provision in security services
The rescuers : the world's top antiterrorist units
Protection of assets : legal issues
'Do you need my help?' It was always the first question he asked. They called him when they had nowhere else to turn. As a boy he was chosen, then taken from the orphanage he called home. Raised and trained as part of a top secret programme he was sent to the worst places in the world to do the things his government denied any knowledge of. Then he broke with the programme, using everything he'd learned to disappear. He wanted to help the desperate and deserving. But now someone's on his tail. Someone who has issues with his past. Someone who knows he was once known simply as Orphan X.
A guide to security surveys
Protecting the president
Robert Ludlum's the utopia experiment : a covert-one novel
Killing for the company
Facilities management handbook
Modern policing
A very expensive poison : the definitive story of the murder of Litvinenko and Russia's war with the West
Sharing secrets : explaining international intelligence cooperation
Security litigation : best practices for managing and preventing security-related lawsuits
A century of spies : intelligence in the twentieth century
The defence of the realm : the authorized history of MI5
Killig for the company
Started reforms in Russian Armed Forces weaken powerful intelligence service GRU
The incident
Retail crime, security, and loss prevention : an encyclopedic reference
Security is a low key affair : but becoming increasingly more important
The  Secret Service : the hidden history of an enigmatic agency
The revisionists
Stalin's instruments of terror : CHEKA, OGPU, NKVD, KGB from 1917 TO 1991
From the files of a security expert witness
Still high in the sky: facing legal challenges of cloud computing in the EU
Practical security training
The Facilities Management Handbook gives a complete overview of the role of a Facilities Manager. It provides all the relevant legal compliance, strategic policies and best practice information needed to ensure the safe, efficient and cost-effective running of any facilities function. Complete with checklists and sources of further information, this book offers easy-to-find practical advice to this broad and complex field. This new edition reflects the greater awareness of sustainable practices, as well as bringing the book up-to-date in line with changes to legislation. This title: clearly explains UK Health & Safety legislation providing unambiguous information needed for legal compliance; gives an overview to the diverse duties covered by a facilities manager, eliminating the need for separate references; and, includes checklists and sources of further information for easy-to-find advice.
Asset protection and security management handbook
The network
Marketing the Dogs of war : a conceptual study of the marketing challenges faced by PMCs
Protection, security, and safeguards : practical approaches and perspectives
John Lennon & the FBI files
Russian intelligence gathering for domestic R&D : short cut or dead end for modernisation?
Outsourcing security : a guide for contracting services
Digital video surveillance and security
Tom Clancy's support and defend
Effective security management
Spy book : the encyclopedia of espionage
The Finnish security and defence policy 2001 : report by the Council of State to Parliament 13.6.2001
Robert Ludlum's the patriot attack : a covert-one novel
The information systems security officer's guide : establishing and managing a cyber security program
Whiteout : the CIA, drugs and the press
Creative safety solutions
Women in the security profession : a practical guide for career development
The invisible government
The politics of security in modern Russia
