http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4085 safety services
safety services
Management information systems for the information age
"From the Physical Security stand point; we are the gate keepers. We are the protectors of the organization from all threats; regardless if they are malicious, internal or environmental. We need to be ever vigilant and confident that the work we are doing will be regarded as a necessary operational function for the overall security and the protection of the asset; to include - employees, information and property. Protection of these three things is the cornerstone of our profession"--
Operational policy making for professional security: practical policy skills for the public and private sector
Blogs, wikis, Facebook and more : everything you want to know about using today's Internet but are afraid to ask
The welfare state crisis and the transformation of social service work
Principles of security and crime prevention
Who's to benefit? : a radical review of the social security system
Representations of use and practice-bound imaginaries in automating the safety of the elderly
Commercialising security in Europe : political consequences for peace operations
Implementing a new printing solution : FollowPrint
Social welfare in Finland
Reinventing social security worldwide : back to essentials
Explaining organizational adoption of technology : the case of cloud platforms
Rethinking corporate security in the post-9/11 era : issues and strategies for today's global business community
Private security contractors and new wars : risk, law, and ethics
Effective security management
Client server model in distributed systems
This book addresses ambiguities of the growing use of private security contractors and provides guidance as to how our expectations about regulating this expanding "service" industry will have to be adjusted. In the war zones of Iraq and Afghanistan many of those who carry weapons are not legally combatants, nor are they protected civilians. They are contracted by governments, businesses, and NGOs to provide armed security. Often mistaken as members of armed forces, they are instead part of a new protean proxy force that works alongside the military in a multitude of shifting roles, and overseen by a matrix of contracts and regulations. This book analyzes the growing industry of these private military and security companies (PMSCs) used in war zones and other high risk areas. PMSCs are the result of a unique combination of circumstances, including a change in the idea of soldiering, insurance industry analyses that require security contractors, and a need for governments to distance themselves from potentially criminal conduct. The book argues that PMSCs are a unique type of organization, combining attributes from worlds of the military, business, and humanitarian organizations. This makes them particularly resistant to oversight. The legal status of these companies and those they employ is also hard to ascertain, which weakens the multiple regulatory tools available. PMSCs fall between the cracks in ethical debates about their use, seeming to be both justifiable and objectionable. This transformation in military operations is a seemingly irreversible product of more general changes in the relationship between the individual citizen and the state. This book will be of interest to students of private security companies, war and conflict studies, security studies and IR in general--Publisher's description.
Cloud computing
For citizens and against exclusion : the role of public welfare services
Protection of assets : applications
Handbook of loss prevention and crime prevention
There is, however, a basic problem with definitions, vocabulary and statistics concerning private and commercial security. A common platform is missing, which means that in this study some basic elements have been defined in order to be able to make structured analyses. The existing situation and interview comments concerning private security regulation have been used to analyse the industry, its challenges and its future development. The thesis tries to answer the questions why, what/who and how to regulate in general and more specifically in the six chosen regulatory regimes. Many of the industry’s challenges and trends can be understood through an examination of existing systems of private security regulation: legal apparatus that reveals how commercial security is positioned in different societies.
The findings of this thesis confirm that private as well as commercial security regulation is very much a ‘command and control’ and ‘top-down’ procedure, bound to the general situation in each individual regulatory regime, and reflecting the cultures of the societies. The regulation texts as such may look quite similar, but the actual reasons for and practical implementations of them are locally specific and related to individual states’ overall governance practices and administrative maturity.
Killing for the company
The modern bodyguard
Poverty and social security : concepts and principles
Handbook of the secure agile software development life cycle
Introduction to security
Private cloud implementation and security : using Eucalyptus and Xen Frameworks
Security, privacy and trust in cloud systems
Adopting encryption to protect confidential data in public clouds: A review of solutions, implementation challenges and alternatives
Social assistance and social security in Italy
The manager's handbook for corporate security : establishing and managing a successful assets protection program
Social security in the Nordic countries : scope, expenditure and financing 1987
European social services : policies and priorities to the year 2000 : a report from a European expert meeting on social care services : policies and priorities to the year 2000
All Our Futures : Principles and Resourser for Social Work Practice ia a Global Era
Protection of assets : security managements
The role of the security officer : a comprehensive instruction manual of safety and security for the security profession in America
Protection of assets : security officer operations
Providing public goods in transitional China
Security management
Context-aware mobile and ubiquitous computing for enhanced usability : adaptive technologies and applications
Practising social inclusion
"The Complete Guide to Physical Security gives readers a comprehensive understanding of modern-day physical security best practices. Employing both theory-based and real-world approaches, it examines general business principles as they relate to security. The book goes beyond the concepts of the three G's (guns, gates and guards) and instead explains the importance of physical security to accomplish the overall mission of the organization. The book enables security managers to develop a program that utilizes all security personnel's talents, emphasizing that the security team must work synergistically with all facets of the organization for the ultimate in protection and success"--
Roadmap for ICT-based opportunities in the development of the built environment
Welfare and municipalities in Europe : social and health services in the Netherlands, France, Great Britain and Germany : summary
Interpretation in the asylum process : guide for interpreters
Understanding social security : issues for policy and practice
Technology as a part of care service production : concept design case for Wiktio
Private security and the law
Social security and community care
Social policy in a developing world
Security engineering for service-oriented architectures
Social policy and social welfare : structure and applications
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
From mercenaries to market : the rise and regulation of private military companies
The Finnish population and social welfare : information and results of a nationwide population survey of social welfare
Towards holistic management of information within service networks : safety telephone services for ageing people
Cellular authentication for mobile and internet services
Security of TCP/IP networks and testing Gateway vulnerabilities
The complete guide to physical security
Uses of innovation : wristcare in the practices of engineers and elderly
Killig for the company
Security design consulting : the business of security system design
Transport layer DDoS attack types and mitigation methods in networks
Supplier-perceived customer value in business-to-business security service
Aiming for the best public service: Kelaʼs customer advisorsʼ perceptions on the Paste modeled customer service
Prior to the onset of the current financial crisis, global trends of social security in industrialised societies were indicating a progressive disengagement from the state in favour of tax-financed measures similar to social assistance - which may fail to ensure a basic standard of living. In this timely book, the author with his lifelong experience of international social security advocates reinstating social insurance by reducing the volume of income redistribution, increasing the transparency of money flows and improving citizen information. Additionally, the book makes the case that in order to preserve social security institutions against any future economic upheavals, adequate financial reserves within the national economy should be available. It will be of interest to a wide audience, including undergraduate and postgraduate students, researchers, lecturers, policy makers, social partners, professionals dealing with social security institutions and civil society groups.
Cloud services and security
Government resolution to secure the future of social services
Security 2020 : Reduce security risks this decade
Social protection in the member states of the European Union : situation on .... and evolution
Security journal
Cloud security : a comprehensive guide to secure cloud computing
The enterprise cloud : best practices for transforming legacy IT
Aviation and airport security : terrorism and safety concerns
Who is the foe of means-testing? : attitudes on means-testing in Finland
Regulation of manned commercial security services : a transnational comparative study of Belgium, Estonia, New York, Queensland, South Africa and Sweden
Outcomes into practice : focusing practice and information on the outcomes people value : resource pack for managers and trainers
The cloud at your service : the when, how and why of enterprise cloud computing
Cloud computing : security and privacy issues
It is commonly recognised that commercial security, in its different forms, has become an important element in societies as a provider of private and public security. The reasons for this development are manifold but can be seen to well from the changes in individual societies and their governance structures. Because of the growth of the security industry, many regulatory regimes have considered some form of industry regulation to be necessary. Some private security research has been carried out during the last 40 years. Most of the published texts have handled the situation in individual countries. The published studies are in most cases theoretical and based on existing documentary sources. In this study local interviews in six regulatory regimes; Belgium, Estonia, New York, Queensland, South Africa and Sweden, as well as transnational sources are used to make comparisons of different regulation solutions.
The handbook of European welfare systems
Providing protective services : a practical guide for police and security
Proceedings : the Third International Symposium on Electronic Commerce and Security Workshops (ISECS 2010) : Guangzhou, China, 29-31, July 2010
More value from security : redefining value creation and service provision in security services
Social security in Finland
Anite Finland Ltd. is a Finnish based company providing a full range of software and hardware solutions for the mobile network testing. The Nemo product portfolio consists of several products from handheld measurement tools all the way to the powerful data analysing server solutions. The main customers are mobile operators all around the world. Anti-piracy and copy protecting is a serious business, as there are skilful people trying to break the copy protections for illegal income or to gain reputation among the hacker scene. This is where the well-functioning licensing tool comes to question. In this document, licensing is a synonym for copy protection. Regarding the mobile device products, it was decided that the previous licensing method was outdated and was not flexible enough for use of today. There was a serious need for a faster and more efficient way of creating multiple licenses. When having classified data, it is mandatory to have it encrypted. There are several ways of encrypting the data but some algorithms have gained reputation over others. There are two main categories in data encryption; symmetric and asymmetric encryption. In the symmetric encryption, the same key is used for data encryption and for decryption. The most common symmetric encryption algorithm today is the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), which utilizes Rijndael-algorithm. In the asymmetric encryption, there are two different keys called the private key and the public key. One key is used for encryption and the other key is used for decryption. One of the most well performing asymmetric encryption algorithms is the RSA. Cloud services and cloud computing are making their way to the everyday use in the software development business. All major service providers, including Microsoft, Google and Amazon are providing their own solutions for each cloud computing service layers. The “Platform as a Service” (PaaS) -layer is an effective combination of outsourced computing power with a rather flexible software development environment. The Google App Engine is Google’s version of PaaS, and it is available for free and it offers development tools for Python, Java, PHP and Go.
Seminar on Network Security, autumn 2012 : security and privacy in digital services
Industrial security
Banking Technology in Finland
Staying safe online
Security implications of enterprise cloud computing
The assessment of traumatized refugees : clinical practices at the Cultural Psychiatry Outpatient Clinic
