http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4092 photo journalists
photo journalists
Gonzo : a graphic biography of Hunter S. Thompson
Scoop
The global journalist in the 21st century
Superman : the movie
Anchorman : the legend of Ron Burgundy
Postcard killers : a novel
"The guillotine - and capital punishment and other diverse methods of dispensing death more generally - have been the abiding obsessions of my life. It began very early. I must have been no more than ten years old...' Born to a Jewish family in Paris, 1925, Lanzmann's first encounter with radicalism was as part of the Resistance during the Nazi occupation. He and his father were soldiers of the underground until the end of the war, smuggling arms and making raids on the German army. After the liberation of France, he studied philosophy at the Sorbonne, making money as a student in surprising ways (by dressing as a priest and collecting donations, and stealing philosophy books from bookshops). It was in Paris however, that he met Jean-Paul Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir. It was a life-changing meeting. The young man began an affair with the older de Beauvoir that would last for seven years. He became the editor of Sartre's political-literary journal, Les Temps Modernes - a position which he holds to this day - and came to know the most important literary and philosophical figures of postwar France. And all this before he was thirty years old...Written in precise, rich prose of rare beauty, organized - like human recollection itself - in interconnected fragments that eschew conventional chronology, and describing in detail the making of his seminal film Shoah, The Patagonian Hare becomes a work of art, more significant, more ambitious than mere memoir. In it, Lanzmann has created a love song to life balanced by the eye of a true auteur."
Life On Air : memoirs of a Broadcaster
Borat : cultural learnings of America for make benefit glorious nation of Kazakhstan
Losing my religion : how I lost my faith reporting on religion in America - and found unexpected peace
Don't shoot the yanqui : the life of a war cameraman
A beautiful model's death uncovers an ugly conspiracy stretching all the way to Westminster in Rosie Gilmour's darkest case to date. When rags-to-riches Scots supermodel Bella Mason plunges to her death from the roof of a glitzy Madrid hotel, everyone assumes it was suicide. Except that one person saw exactly what happened to Bella that night, and she definitely didn't jump. But Millie Chambers has no one she can tell - alcoholic, depressed herself and now sectioned by her bullying politician husband, who would believe her? And that's not all Millie knows. Being close to the heart of Westminster power can lead to discovering some awful secrets... Back in Glasgow, Rosie's research into Bella's life leads to her brother, separated from her in care years before. Dan is now a homeless heroin addict and rent boy, but what he reveals about Bella's early life is electrifying: organised sexual abuse in care homes across Glasgow. Bella had tracked him down so that they could tell the world their story. And now she's dead. As Rosie's drive to expose the truth leads her closer to Millie and the shameful secrets she has kept for so many years, it becomes clear that what she's about to discover could prove fatal: a web of sexual abuse linking powerful figures across the nation, and the rot at the very heart of the British Establishment...
Kill the messenger
"Brian Case has taken live ammo to an Al Pacino interview, ingested horse tranquillizers with Ian Dury, reluctantly hit the road with the Sex Pistols ('Idiots!') and interviewed Miles Davis in a totally blacked-out room. He is a critically acclaimed novelist and journalist who has written for NME, The Times, Uncut and Time Out among many others. In a series of conversations, Brian offers vivid recollections of some of his most memorable encounters. On the Snap is a thrilling glimpse of a disappering after-midnight world, all delivered with the sharp, speedy insight of a great raconteur."
Remediation of hydrocarbon contaminants in cold environments : electrokinetically enhanced bioremediation and biodegradable oil sorbents
I heart Vegas
Fear and loathing in Las Vegas
Ace in the hole
Live from Baghdad
The Patagonian hare : a memoir
The differences in the working relationship between a literary translator and an editor in the context of a big and a small Finnish publisher
How to be a woman
Whiskey tango foxtrot
The sacrament
Safety not guaranteed
Silk road to ruin : is Central Asia the new Middle east?
Executive summary.
Valley of the exiles
Video journalism for the web : a practical introduction to documentary storytelling
Media authorship
The voice of a journalist in character portraits - featured in Tatler and Harper's & Queen
Drawing blood : a memoir
Silk road to ruin : is Central Asia the new Middle East?
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
The China syndrome
Edison : city of crime
Here comes trouble : stories from my life
Abstract: "I am not a man nor a woman, I am a reporter" : gender and the profession of reporters in the 1960s and 1970s Finland.
War-fix
Kill me twice
Nothing but the truth
In this comprehensive, practical guide, award-winning photojournalist Stacy Pearsall offers the techniques, guidance, and inspiration needed to succeed in the dynamic and exciting field of photojournalism.
Good night, and good luck
The note
"Contemporary media authorship is frequently collaborative, participatory, non-site specific, or quite simply goes unrecognized. In this volume, media and film scholars explore the theoretical debates around authorship, intention, and identity within the rapidly transforming and globalized culture industry of new media. Defining media broadly, across a range of creative artifacts and production cultures--from visual arts to videogames, from textiles to television--contributors consider authoring practices of artists, designers, do-it-yourselfers, media professionals, scholars, and others. Specifically, they ask: - What constitutes "media" and "authorship" in a technologically converged, globally conglomerated, multiplatform environment for the production and distribution of content? - What can we learn from cinematic and literary models of authorship--and critiques of those models--with regard to authorship not only in television and recorded music, but also interactive media such as videogames and the Internet? - How do we conceive of authorship through practices in which users generate content collaboratively or via appropriation? - What institutional prerogatives and legal debates around intellectual property rights, fair use, and copyright bear on concepts of authorship in "new media"? By addressing these issues, Media Authorship demonstrates that the concept of authorship as formulated in literary and film studies is reinvigorated, contested, remade--even, reauthored--by new practices in the digital media environment"--
Struck by lightning
Journalism in transition : the professional identity of Swedish journalists
On the snap : three decades of snapshots from the world of jazz, film & crime fiction
State of play
Media perceptions and portrayals of pastoralists in Kenya, India and China
A photojournalist's field guide : in the trenches with combat photographer Stacy Pearsall
L.A. story
Interpretation of journalistic photographs as an instrument of visual literacy education
