http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4098 performance  (art forms)
performance  (art forms)
No innocent bystanders : performance art and audience
Ikons of the First National Church of the Exquisite Panic, Inc
Treatise handbook : including Bun no. 2, Volo solo
The non-human and the inhuman in performing arts : bodies, organisms and objects in conflict : proceedings of Carpa4 - colloquium on artistic research in performing arts
Liveartwork DVD : showcasing contemporary live art. Issue 1, January 06.
Bookworks : a partial history and sourcebook
Performance : live art 1909 to the present
The elements of drama
Language aLive. Two
The bodies that were not ours : and other writings
Rite, drama, festival, spectacle : rehearsals toward a theory of cultural performance
What the body cost : desire, history, and performance
Aeg Ruum Liikumine = Time Space Movement : Paide tegevuskunsti festival Baltikumis 2001 = moving performance art festival around the Balticum
Video documentation : Stations of the cross or The passion of Stuart
Liveartwork DVD : showcasing contemporary live art. Issue 2, April 06.
Sweatbox : Spoken word live 1987-1988
The National Review of Live Art
Performing in the political space between practice and theory / Rebecca Schneider
Without you I'm nothing
"Oops!" in public space : lapse as tool for social and political organization
Video documentation : 10th, 11th & 12th spectacles and assorted films
Mapping the body, embodying the map : a corporeal  taxonomy into a topographical transformation at the  border of Nicosia
Eva & Adele : logo : mediaplastic-wings-lingerie
I, Carmelita Tropicana : performing between cultures
Art into theatre : performance interviews and documents
Practice as research in the arts : principles, protocols, pedagogies, resistances
Leigh Bowery
Young chinese artists : the next generation
Human butt : Spoken word live 1989-1990
Language aLive. One
Liveartwork DVD : showcasing contemporary live art. Issue 4, Nov 2006.
Performance and cultural politics
The impact of performance as research : proceedings of Carpa3 - colloquium on artistic research in performing arts
Performance art teaching as a new pedagogy
Performance : Live art since the 60s
Interperformative relationships in Ingrian oral poetry
Corpus delecti : performance art of the Americas / edited by Coco Fusco
Amorph!03 : Summit of Micronations, 29.-31.8.2003, Helsinki, Finland : protocols
Performance art : from futurism to the present
Mime ministry : an illustrated, easy-to-follow guidebook for organizing, programming and training a troupe of Christian mimes
A vulgar art : a new approach to stand-up comedy
Cosmic clowns : convention, invention, and inversion in the Yaqui Easter ritual
The theatre of Steven Berkoff
Performance : texts and contexts
Rachel Rosenthal
ANTI - contemporary art festival : Kuopio - Finland 25.-30.9.2012
The Beat Generation
The bodies that were not ours : and other writings / Coco Fusco
Amid the modern-day complexities of migration and exile, immigration and repatriation, notions of stable national identity give way to ideas about cultural “hybridity.” The authors represented in this volume use different forms of performative writing to question this process, to ask how the production of new political identities destabilizes ideas about gender, sexuality, and the nation in the public sphere.
Live at McCabe's : Spoken word live 1990
Tadeusz Kantor : Od Malego dworku do Umarlej klasy = from The Country House to Dead Class
Performance theory / Richard Schechner
Intellectual generals of general intellect / Pierre Guillet de Monthoux
The article discusses transcendence in music in relation to popular Sufi performances in East Africa, drawing on specific cases from Zanzibar. Based on fieldwork, it examines ways in which music and movement in a structured event or performance can affect the consciousness. This phenomenon is discussed in close connection to its increasing presence in popular music festivals. The article also addresses the latent conflict between the performative Sufi orders of Islamic faith and the more conservative and increasingly silent Muslims.
Liveartwork DVD. Issue 3, July 2006 : showcasing contemporary live art
The many headed monster
Paul McCarthy
Psychoanalysis and performance
Site-specifif art : performance, place and documentation / Nick Kaye
The Boxed life
Between sharing and caring
Why all these questions? : the Mouson-Springdance/dialogue, Frankfurt
The 4th NIPAF Asian performance art series & NIPAF summer seminar document
Hardcore from the heart : the pleasures, profits and politics of sex in performance
Fire art as an experience
Aeg Ruum Liikumine = time space movement : Tegevuskunsti festival Paides 15. juunil 2002 = performance art festival in Paide, June 15, 2002
Vodun stories of the Fon (Benin)
Liveness : performance in a mediatized culture
This book takes a fresh 'how to' approach to Practice as Research. At the 'performance turn' it argues that old prejudices should be abandoned and that a PaR methodology and its modes of 'doing-knowing' should be fully accepted in the academy. It refines Robin Nelson's earlier models for PaR but sustains the dynamic and dialogic interplay between different modes of knowledge-production in a multi-mode research inquiry. It advances strategies for articulating and evidencing the research inquiry and offers practical guidance to practitioner-researchers on how to conduct a PaR inquiry. With reference to examples drawn from a decade of supervisory, examining and audit experience, Nelson addresses - and offers answers to - the many questions students, professional practitioner-researchers, regulators and examiners have posed in this domain. To broaden the perspective and take account of differing levels of acceptance and development of programmes in PaR around the word, in Part II of the book six international contributors respond to Part I and afford cross-sights from the standpoint of their territory (covering the US, Europe, South Africa and New Zealand).
United States
Ceasefire
Oops! Sorry, later just Oops! was a group practice of micro-events and animation for 4 persons that took place in 2009 in the public spaces of Helsinki. It was also staged as a performance production and presented at the Theatre Academy in November 2010. The entire process was circling around a situation of lapsus (a lapse, slip, faux pas). We used lapsus to experiment with cooperation, which is not based on sympathy or consensus. I chose lapsus for its sensual-emotional complexity and immediacy, to be an occasion for alternatives in self-organizing and collective co-emergence. I chose to do research, not through affirmation of any exact alternative or potentiality of alternative, but by inhabiting a state of disruption. I asked people who share my affection for moments of lapse or ones to whom those moments happen frequently to join the project. We were working through combining mechanical and organic processes of dialogue, exchange and production. Methods and tools used in this practice were: lapse, parody, mockery, inconsistency, reanimation and personal resistance.  The main reason to initiate this research was to try out a process that would embrace a condition of fuzzy, fractalized and flexible precarious work structure in cognitive production with its possible collapses. As an event producer in an age of commodification of time, experience and event I decided to play with this structure and to invite a lapsus as a moment of disruption; to see how do we get out from there. Does a collapse produce stiffening or a reinvention of the norm? I see in a lapse an everyday practice of letting go of self-control. Letting go of the constant creation of my face, body and personality as something to be looked at. Letting go of one's own desire to look good. The event of a lapse never fails me. It always works. It always disrupts the consistency of emotions, production, play, drama and interpretation. I believe in tools that are not pretty. A lapse is anti-aesthetical. It disrupts aesthetics, any order and any structure of representation and meaning.  In the written part of my thesis I write about the conceptual base for the Oops! project. The concept of Oops! relates mainly to Giorgio Agamben's idea of parody and it's coexistence with fiction, Paolo Virno's concept of joke as a diagram for innovatory action in public, Félix Guattari's minor notions of lapse in Chaosmosis, and Richard's Schechner's idea of dislocation (not-not-me) relating again with Agamben's concept of remnant. Through this theoretical background I try to make sense and formulate my idea of lapse as a fallacy, micro collapse and minor event of the every day, a momentary state of dealing with the possibility of becoming both, a joke or a failure.  After that I depict what we intended to do with Oops! the plan I wrote before we started to work and during the practice. This part contains a description of the background for the work and the research, how did the group come together and how did it sustain itself for the period of the work. I also describe my main method of working, the method of reanimation and how I have created this sort of prosthesis to deal with the documentary results of live action and with the live action producing documentary results.  Following that I talk about what actually happened in the process of Oops! I concentrate on the most interesting points. I describe the end result, the performance, and point out what was interesting in what we did and what I have found out conceptually and practically. I refer to Franco “Bifo” Berardi's writings on automatism, virtual time and the social consequences of increasingly immaterial labor, and describe surprises, reflections, touching moments and some tools or techniques developed and ready to be carried on.  At the end I draw some conclusions and present a short plan for my next attempt to work with lapse; as an appendix I am attaching the script for Oops!, a collection of concepts, scores and structures we followed on the way.  Throughout the entire text I relate to other artistic projects beside our Oops! project. In the case of the question of parody I refer to the piece by Jeremy Deller, Battle of Orgreave and the documentary of this work by Mike Figgis, both from 2001, also to a work by Yael Bartana from 2011, And Europe will be Stunned and to the film Attenberg from 2010, by Athina Rachel Tsangari. When talking about the method of reanimation and lapse I refer to Martin Arnold's Passage à l'acte from 1993, Jeremy Deller's piece again, my own previous works and Joan Jonas' pieces, Vertical Roll, 1972 and Reanimation, 2012.
Performance saga : video documentation from a series of three festivals in Bern, Lausanne and Basel, Switzerland featuring 26 artists. Disks 1 & 2
Where is language? : an anthropologist's questions on language, literature and performance
La performance dal tempo sospeso : il tableau vivant tra realità e rappresentazione = The performance where time stands still : tableau vivant between reality and representation
Radical street performance : an international anthology / edited and with introductions by: Jan Cohen-Cruz
Vanessa Beecroft : photographs, films, drawings
Performance saga : video documentation from a series of three festivals in Bern, Lausanne and Basel, Switzerland featuring 26 artists. Disks 3 & 4
Taking it to the bridge : music as performance
Rachel's brain and other storms : performance texts / Rachel Rosenthal ; edited and with commentaries by Una Chaudhuri
Live culture : live art at Tate Modern, 27 - 30 March 2003 / [edited by Adrian Heathfield]
Night on earth : spatial constructions and time-based collisions
The adventures of the man in gold : Path between art and life = les aventures de l'homme en or : passages entre l'art et ka vie
A story of deception
Performance art. Volume 2, Scripts
Cremaster 4
A voyage of growth and discovery
Out of actions : between performance and the object, 1949-1979 : [the Museum of Contemporary Art at the Geffen Contemporary, Los Angeles, 8 February - 10 May 1998 : MAK - Austrian Museum of Applied Arts, Vienna, 17 June - 6 September 1998 : Museu d`Art Co / ; with essays by: Kristine Stiles... [et al.] ;  [editor: Russell Ferguson ; introduction and acknowledgments: Paul Schimmel]
Performing arts : a guide to practice and appreciation
On edge : performance at the end of the twentieth century
This scientific work concentrates on the question: How do relations between elements have to be set up so that a poetic encounter in public urban space can emerge? This thesis is based on two practical research projects Kallio my Kallio at the Theatre Academy Helsinki (held between 15th March and 15th May 2011) and The City of Dream and Futureii at Space MASS in Seoul (held between 1st September and 27th November 2011).    Two answer the research question I examined also the following questions in this text: how does the recipient encounter performance art in public urban space and vice versa?   How do people encounter poetic moments?   When does such a moment start, when does it end? What is a poetic moment? Does one have to be prepared for such a moment in order to be able to see it?  My first approach in this thesis is that of perception.   For me perception as a ground and starting basis of all cognition finds its true supreme discipline in artistic research.   My second approach is intervention as it is discussed under the term action in chapter two. I have defined this free space that is to be designed as a space of poetic encounter in chapter three.   For this, I use a social-poetical performance practice as a design tool, which I would like to introduce here as a contribution to the discussion on the way to a possible open city.    This thesis investigates visual prerequisites, eephemeral phenomena that enable a poetic encounter in public space to emerge and to be reflected in the mode of playing.  I have tried to figure out that through serious play an energetic space will be constituted in the streets of a district and that bymeans of this energetic space, the passers-by will get one more possibility to read the action.   Based on my personal belief that each human being is insular and cannot get out of that insularity, but that there are strog moments when somewhere finds an intersection with someone else,   when an idea of something enters the space, poetic encounter is possible in any situation and for anyone. You do not have to be prepared for such a moment, to encounter.
Passing the hat
The steampunk user's manual : an illustrated practical and whimsical guide to creating retro-futurist dreams
Background noise : perspectives on sound art
Fluxus games and contemporary folklore : on the non-individual character of Fluxus Art : (paper read at the symposium "In the spirit of Fluxus" at Walker Art Center, Minneapolis, February 12-13, 1993)
Chinalive : reflections on contemporary performance art
Mapping the Body, Embodying the Map: A corporeal taxonomy into a topographical transformation at the  border of Nicosia is a project realized along and across the buffer zone within the Venetian walls of Nicosia, the  capital city of Cyprus.  The focus of this project is the area that divides the city into two parts and it has been mentioned as buffer zone,  green line, borderline, dividing line, dead zone and many more. This restricted area has activated not only  physical barriers for people but also caused emotional and mental restrain.  The motivation is my wish to reveal the significance of this area and uncover the impact it creates on the body:  physical, mental and emotional. Also my intention is to deform and reconstruct the psychophysical perceptions of  the dividing line through artistic means.  The approach and method of working consists of artistic research, and a practical and theoretical framework. I  have used live performance as my creative technique to realize a series of site-specific performance interventions  along and across the Nicosia buffer zone in order to generate knowledge about that area, examined in my research.  In addition, the written part of this project includes a description and analysis of my artistic work at the border,  supported with theories focusing mainly on José Esteban Muñoz's work, “Disidentifications” (1999) and Sarah  Pink's “Doing Sensory Ethnography” (2009).  This thesis project questions: How the conventional idea of the border and its solidified historicity can be  transformed to a new perception through performing, while bringing a psychophysical transformation to this  experience? To come to an answer, the body is used as a tool to create live actions and the Nicosia border is used  as a site to be experienced through non covnentional ways. Finally, the outcome is an experiential mapping, which  is shaped while the body is used to measure, archive, experience and re-experience, and therefore memorize the  border anew.
A split second of paradise : live art, installation and performance
Performance : live art 1909 to the present / Roselee Goldberg
Looking at  Shakespeare : a visual history of twentieth-century performance
Music and transcendence: Sufi popular performances in East Africa
Happenings and other acts
The dream of Fluxus : George Maciunas : an artist's biography
Site-Specific Art : Performance, Place and Documentation
Astonishment and evocation : the spell of culture in art and anthropology
Performance studies : an introduction / Richard Schechner
Performance art by Baktruppen. first part
In your face! : analysing public political performance as communication
The analysis of performance art : a guide to its theory and practice
The Routledge reader in politics and performance / edited by Lizbeth Goodman with Jane de Gay
Textile performance '12 : onomatope
Media & performance : along the border
Coded characters : media art by Jill Scott
Folk stories and personal narratives in Palestinian spoken Arabic : a cultural and linguistic study
"Twins Talk is an ethnographic study of identical twins in the United States, a study unique in that it considers what twins have to say about themselves, instead of what researchers have written about them. It presents, in the first person, the grounded and practical experiences of twins as they engage, both individually and together, the "who am I" and "who are we" questions of life. Here, the twins themselves are the stars. Dona Lee Davis conducted conversational interviews with twenty-two sets of identical twins attending the Twins Days Festival in Twinsburg, Ohio, the largest such gathering in the world. Lively and often opinionated, each twin comes through as a whole person who at the same time maintains a special bond that the vast majority of people will never experience. The study provides a distinctive and enlightening insider's challenge to the nature/nurture debates that dominate contemporary research on twins. The author, herself an identical twin, draws on aspects of her own life to inform her analysis of the data throughout the text. Each chapter addresses a different theme from multiple viewpoints, including those of popular science writers, scientific researchers, and singletons, as well as those of the twins themselves"--
Verbal art of the Fon (Benin)
Fluxus and friends : selections from the alternative traditions in the contemporary arts collection
Dick higgins
The twentieth-century performance reader / edited by: Michael Huxley and Noel Witts
The object of performance : the American avant-garde since 1970 / Henry M. Sayre
Don't touch me, you don't know where I've been : a performance, installation and publication
Oral agitation through written sources : on the study of verbal performances of the early 20th century Finland
African drama and performance
Performance
Extreme exposure : an anthology of solo performance texts from the twentieth century
Performance : a critical introduction / Marvin Carlson
'vE-"jA : art + technology of live audio
Kohtaamisia rajojen tiellä = Encounters on the road of borders
Post-porn modernist : my 25 years as a multimedia whore
Video acts : single channel works from the collections of Pamela and Richard Kranlich and New Art Trust
Body act
Performanssipankki = Performance art bank : performanssi.com / [toimitus = edited by Leena Kela, Laura Savolainen, Hannele Romppanen]
John Furnival : selected works of the last twenty years
Of pigs & lovers : a lone twin research companion
Performance matters
Gender in performance : the presentation of difference in the performing arts
Mike Kelley and Michael Smith's feature-length video, A Voyage of Growth and Discovery (2011),   follows the existential journey of Baby IKKI over several days at a festival of "radical expression" held in the remote Black Rock Desert of Nevada.   Baby IKKI, prelingual and of ambiguous age, is a character that artist Michael Smith has been performing for thirty years.   The Baby, alone in his journey, despite being surrounded by throngs of revelers, negotiates the rave-like festival environment,   exploring the primal elements of fire, water, earth and wind.   The video mirrors the annual event: four days and nights of festival, preceded by an introductory travel section, and followed by a post-festival day.   Baby IKKI is a compelling comedic, melancholic wanderer whose sense of innocent wonder is contrasted with the ironic vision of the film's creators.
Performing hybridity
Between theater & anthropology
Theatre and performance in Zimbabwe
Performances : 1976-1988
Poetic encounter : a hermeneutic journey into the microprocesses of performance art
The ends of the 60s : performance, media and contemporary culture
New China, new art
NIPAF Asian performance art '93-'97
Documentation, disappearance and the representation of live performances
Performing presence : between the live and the simulated
Performance in America : contemporary U. S. culture and the performing arts
Performing remains : art and war in times of theatrical reenactment / Rebecca Schneider
Hand + made : the performative impulse in art and craft
Contract with the skin : masochism, performance art and the 1970s
Writing aloud : the sonics of language
China contemporary art : today and beyond
Fluxus : selections from the Gilbert and Lila Silverman Collection
Body art : performing the subject / Amelia Jones
Performance and performativity
Nordic theatre studies : yearbook for theatre research in Scandinavia. 9, Theatre and performance
Francesco Conz and the intermedia avant-garde
Lay of my land
The myth of Nouveau réalisme : art and the performative in postwar France
The Fluxus performance workbook
Dancing with men : interactive performances, interventions and other artworks
A rollins in the wry
The biography of biographies
Leigh Bowery looks
Dialogies in rhyme : the performative contexts of Cretan mantinádes
The intercultural performance reader / edited by: Patrice Pavis
Body art and performance : the body as language
Big ugly mouth : Spoken word live 1987-1988
A performance cosmology : testimony from the future, evidence of the past / Judie Christie, Richard Gough, Daniel Watt
Live : art and performance / edited by Adrian Heatfield ; with photgraphs by Hugo Glendinning
Taking part in music : case studies in ethnomusicology
Let's get it on : the politics of black performance
Think tank
Inbetweenness as the performance of transitory
Black market international : Trouble festival, Les Halles, Brussels 23rd April 2006
Fluxus! : an exhibition of textile-art multiples
Rant in E-minor
Abracadabra : international contemporary art
Body, paper, stage : writing and performing autoethnography
The mad dog, or last taboo guarded by alone Cerberus
Video documentation : The eleventh spectacle (The erotic) & Portrait of Stuart Sherman
Trespass : a history of uncommissioned urban art
Fluxus research
Twins talk : what twins tell us about person, self, and society
Performance anthology : source book of California performance art
Conversations on art and performance / edited by Bonnie Marranca and Gautam Dasgupta
Marina Abramović + The future of performance art
Enhanced performance
Collective consciousness : art performances in the seventies / ed. by Jean Dupuy
This liveartwork editions DVD features a 90 minute video documenting the BMI performance at Les Halles, making the DVD one of the most extensive documentations of a recent BMI performance.
Video documentation : Brecht & assorted performances and films
Theatricalization of self : personal blogs as theatre performance
Nick Cave : meet me at the center of the earth
Cleaning the house
Happenings and other acts / edited by Mariellen R. Sandford
Becoming juniper : performing landscape as artistic research
This text consists of two parts, with an introduction and an epilogue. In the first part I discuss the notion of landscape briefly. In the second part I describe an example of a practice of performing landscape and discuss some of its aspects that might be useful for understanding or developing related practices. Finally, as an epilogue, I take up the question of how to speak of the environment.
Disability, public space performance and spectatorship : unconscious performers
White man walking : Roi Vaara as a social critic / Helena Erkkilä
Art of the 20th century
Storytelling in Chefchaouen Northern Morocco : an annotated study of oral performance with transliterations and translations
