http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4099 body art
body art
Ethiopia, peoples of the Omo Valley
Marks of civilisation : artistic transformations of the human body / Arnold Rubin, editor
Body art and performance : the body as language
Tattoo-pedia : choose from thousands of designs to make your own custom tattoo
The deconstruction of the heroic ego : the artist's body as metaphor in Hungarian art from the mid-80's to the present
Bushido : legacies of the Japanese tattoo
Tattoo alphabets and scripts : an essential reference for body art
Ed Hardy : beyond skin
Go big or go home : taking risks in life, love and tattooing
Bodies moving and moved : a phenomenological analysis of the dancing subject and the cognitive and ethical values of dance art
Believe : Walter Van Beirendonck & Wild and Lethal Trash!
Encyclopedia of body image and human appearance
Part-time ink : create your own stylish henna design and temporary tattoos
The body decorated
The best of our tattoos : special edition featuring volumes 1 to 5
The fantasy tattoo sourcebook : over 500 images for body decoration
The biography of biographies
Tattoo road trip California cover girls
Extreme face painting : 50 friendly & fiendish step-by-step demos
The body in performing identity : gender and ethnicity with the works of Vito Acconci and Eleanor Antin from the 1960's-1990's
The art of the Japanese tattoo = Japansk tatueringskonst
Where is Ana Mendieta? : identity, performativity, and exile / Jane Blocker
The mammoth book of tattoo art
How to draw tattoo style
Body painting
The tattoo sourcebook : over 500 images for body decoration
Social creatures : how body becomes art = Soziale Kreaturen : wie Körper Kunst wird : [Sprengel Museum Hannover, 29.2. - 13.6.2004] / hrsg. von = ed. by Patricia Drück und Inka Schube
Tattoo icons : victionary
The tattoo sourcebook : pick and choose from thousands of the hottest tattoo designs
The body art book : a complete, illustrated guide to tattoos, piercings, and other body modifications
Celebrity tattoos
[Günter Brus] : Nervous stillness on the horizon : [MACBA, 12.10.2005 to 15.1.2006] / [project director: Manuel J. Borja-Villel ; curator: Monika Faber]
The artist's body
Corpus delecti : performance art of the Americas / edited by Coco Fusco
Stelarc : the monograph / edited by Marquard Smith ; texts by Julie Clarke ... [et al.]
Tattoo history : a source book : an anthology of historical records of tattooing throughout the world
Women, art, and technology / edited by Judy Malloy ; preface by Pat Bentson
Inked : clever, odd and outrageous tattoos
Baroness Elsa : gender, dada and everyday modernity : a cultural biography / Irene Gammel
Mehndi : the timeless art of henna painting
The painted lady : the art of tattooing the female body
Skin shows : the tattoo bible
Natural fashion : tribal decoration from Africa
Tattoo bible. Book one
Body painting : masterpieces by Joanne Gair
Alternative femininities : body, age and identity / Samantha Holland
Art on skin : tattoos, style, and the human canvas
The art of mehndi : [henna body decoration]
Infinity net : the autobiography of Yayoi Kusama
Henna sourcebook
Wrapping in images : tattooing in Polynesia
The naked blogger of Cairo : creative insurgency in the Arab world
Modern primitives : an investigation of contemporary adornment & ritual
Drawing & designing tattoo art
Tattoo / photographs by Dale Durfee
Tattoo art : inspiration, style & technique from great contemporary tattoo artists
Orlan / interview/ essay: Dawn Gavin
1000 tattoos : a sourcebook of designs for body decoration / contributing illustrators: Zaynab Mirza, Patricia Moffet, Andy Sloss and Malcolm Willett
Translated acts : performance and body art from East Asia 1990 - 2001 : Haus der Kulturen der Welt, Berlin, 8.3. - 6.5.2001 : Queens Museum of Art, New York, 23.10.2001 - 1.2.2002 / curated by Yu Yeon Kim
Vintage tattoos : the book of old-school skin art
Vile bodies : photography and the crisis of looking / Chris Townsend
Our tattoos : the best tattoos from the world's best artists. Vol. 4
Spencer Tunick in Newcastle Gateshead 17 July 2005
Sacred tattoos of Thailand : exploring the magic, masters and mystery of Sak Yan
Tattoos : new trends in tattoo designs
Enfleshings / Helen Chadwick ; with an essay by Marina Warner
One million tattoos : Design to create and color
Melamorphosis : an artistic journey through shapeshifting
Franco B : blinded by love : [Galleria Pack, Milan, November 2006 - January 2007] / edited by Dominic Johnson ; [essays by Amelia Jones, Ron Althey, David Thorp, Vaginal Davis, Jennifer Doyle, Achille Bonito Oliva]
Thai magic tattoos : the art and influence of Sak Yant
Body art : performing the subject / Amelia Jones
Tattoo world
The painted body / by Michel Thévoz
Tattoo bible
The tattoo encyclopedia : a guide to choosing your tattoo
Piercing : a modern anthology / Housk Randall
Tattoo Johnny : 3000 tattoo designs
Tattoo clip art
Tattoo sourcebook : pick and choose from thousands of the hottest tattoo designs
The Japanese tattoo design handbook . Vol. 1, The New generation of tattoo artists in Japan
Ta Moko : the art of Maori tattoo
Yves Klein : incandescence
Tattoo art : a photographic sourcebook
Basic tattooing techniques
Body arts and modernity
The tattoo bible
This scholarly work is the most comprehensive existing resource on human physical appearance-how people's outer physical characteristics and their inner perceptions and attitudes about their own appearance (body image) affect their lives. The encyclopedia's 117 full-length chapters are composed and edited by the world's experts from a range of disciplines-social, behavioral, and biomedical sciences. The extensive topical coverage in this valuable reference work includes: (1) Important theories, perspectives, and concepts for understanding body image and appearance; (2) Scientific measurement.
The make-up book : the official guide to make-up at levels 2 and 3
Performance and performativity
Who is Ana Mendieta?
Body art and performance : the body as language / Lea Vergine
Archaeologies of art : time, place and identity
Body type 2 : more typographic tattoos
Uprisings spread like wildfire across the Arab world from 2010 to 2012, fueled by a desire for popular sovereignty. In Tunisia, Egypt, Syria, and elsewhere, protesters flooded the streets and the media, voicing dissent through slogans, graffiti, puppetry, videos, and satire that called for the overthrow of dictators and the regimes that sustained them. Investigating what drives people to risk everything to express themselves in rebellious art, "The Naked Blogger of Cairo" uncovers the creative insurgency at the heart of the Arab uprisings. While commentators have stressed the role of social media, Marwan M. Kraidy shows that the essential medium of political expression was not cell phone texts or Twitter but something more fundamental: the human body. Brutal governments that coerced citizens through torture and rape found themselves confronted with the bodies of protesters, burning with defiance and boldly violating taboos. Activists challenged authority in brazen acts of self-immolation, nude activism, and hunger strikes. The bodies of dictators became a focus of ridicule. A Web series presented Syria's Bashar al-Assad as a pathetic finger puppet, while cartoons and videos spread a meme of Egypt's Hosni Mubarak as a regurgitating cow. The rise of digital culture complicates our understanding of the human body in revolutionary times. As Kraidy argues, technology publicizes defiance, but the body remains the vital nexus of physical struggle and digital communication, destabilizing distinctions between "the real world" and virtual reality, spurring revolutionary debates about the role of art, and anchoring Islamic State's attempted hijacking of creative insurgency.
The new tattoo
Rolling Stone tattoo nation : portraits of celebrity body art
Body art : the total guide to body decoration
Vanessa Beecroft : photographs, films, drawings
Forever the new tattoo
Painted bodies : by forty-five artists
Tattoos and body modifications in antiquity : proceedings of the sessions at the EAA annual meetings in The Hague and Oslo, 2011/11
Graffiti tattoo : kings of skin
Oriental tattoo art : contemporary Chinese and Japanese tattoo art
Body decoration
Abject, informe, trauma : discourses on the body in American art of the nineties / Jon-Ove Steihaug ; [editor: Jutta Nestegard]
Tattoo-pedia : choose from over 1000 of the hottest tattoo designs for your new ink!
Celebrity skin : tattoos, brands and body adornments of the stars
No regrets : the best, worst, & most #$%*ing ridiculous tattoos ever
Hot bodies, cool styles : new techniques in self-adornment / Ted Polhemus ; photographs by Uzi Part B
Art of the twentieth century : a reader / edited by Jason Gaiger and Paul Wood
Ethiopia : peoples of the Omo Valley. 2, face and body decoration
