http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p409 kins
kins
Working with street children : gender dimension of intervention and approaches. Case study of outreach program in Dar es Salaam Tanzania
Female style vs. male style or something in between? : a case study on gendered communication on the Humans of New York Facebook page
"If the slipper fits, you wear it, whore" : the construction of female gender in Amanda Palmer's lyrics (1995-2009)
The Medici : power, money, and ambition in the Italian renaissance
American mafia : a history of its rise to power
Time and change : the story of Arthur Evans and his forebears
Discrimination of sexual and gender minorities in sports and exercise
Making a difference in women's lives? : case study of women's empowerment programme in Rajasthan
The dark side of love
Sexual Health Education for Eight Graders
The ethical slut : a practical guide to polyamory, open relationships & other adventures
Changing uses in the genealogical research in Finland
Whitaker's peerage for the year 1901 being a directory of titled persons
Development and gender equality : consequences, causes, challenges and cures
The Borgias : the hidden history
Silent as the grave
Luce Irigaray's philosophy of feminine being : body, desire and wisdom
Romanovy : vcerez gody 1860-1997 = The Romanovs : trough time 1860-1997 = Romanovit aikojen saatossa 1860-1997
Take six girls : the lives of the Mitford sisters
Labour market reforms, institutions, and the quality of employment : should we all follow German Hartz model in reforming labour markets?
The island
Then they came for me : a story of injustice and survival in Iran's most notorious prison
In a small South Carolina town, where it seems little has changed since the Civil War, sixteen-year-old Ethan is powerfully drawn to Lena, a new classmate with whom he shares a psychic connection and whose family hides a dark secret that may be revealed on her sixteenth birthday.
The view from Castle Rock : stories
The Kennedys
The vatican princess : a novel of Lucrezia Borgia
The voices beyond
Walcot
The tudors : kings, queens, scribes and ferrets
A game of thrones : The card game
"Our crowd" : the great Jewish families of New York
The Ladies of Missalonghi
EU talks on gender in Cotonou policy : rhetorical analysis on gender in the European Union's dialogue with African, Caribbean and Pacific countries
Behavior regulations and motives to participate in physical activity of Finnish team sports athletes
Danubia : a personal history of Habsburg Europe
Immigration cinema in the new Europe
The name of the game
Spanish in a week
Almanach de Gotha. Volume I : Parts I&II / publisher & managing editor John Kennedy: annual genealogical reference
Umineko when they cry. Episode 1 : Legend of the golden witch 2
Generational value shift in the Sinebrychoff family : A studyof late-empire Russian capitalists
Weapons of the Metabaron
Blue remembered Earth
Bats of the republic : un illuminated novel
The looks of a winner : beauty, gender and electoral success
Mental rotation and mental folding in 7- and 8-year-old children
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Wait for me! : memoirs
The private lives of the Tudors : uncovering the secrets of Britain's greatest dynasty
Umineko when they cry. Episode 2, Turn of the golden witch. 2
Sons of the blood
Don't be quiet, start a riot! : essays on feminism and performance
Vengeance
This is the way
Silent Cry
Whirlwind : the third magnificently secret diary of Martha Grimstone
"Try again, fail better" : detecting the intersectionality of white female protagonist in Weeds
Tudor : the family story
Catalogue of the generic names of ciliates
Scottish surnames and families
How much do you know about HBÓs Game of Thrones TV series? Test your knowledge againt your friends and seize the Iron Throne!
Gender and everyday life
The Windsors : a dynasty revealed
A game of thrones : The card game. Second edition
Timing of reproductive effort as an alternative mating strategy in young black grouse (Tetrao tetrix) males
A qualitative study of male and female perceptions in differences in the working and domestic sphere : a comparison of the French and Finnish cultures
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
Japanese anime and women's gender-role changing
The Highland clans : the dynastic origins, chiefs and background of the clans and of some other families connected with Highland history
The role of non formal education in transforming power relations and challenging gender : a critical case study of an alternative basic education programme in Alaba Kulito, Ethiopia
Gender questions and current challenges for Luther and Reformation studies
Eestimaa aadelkonna vapiraamat = Das Wappenbuch des Estländischen Adels = Gerbovnik dvorânstva Èstlândii = Armoral of the Estonian nobility
A modern royal marriage : Prince William of Wales &​ Catherine Middleton
Tartans : the tartans of the clans and septs of Scotland with the arms of the chiefs
Game of thrones : The trivia game
Assassin's apprentice
Unstoppable. Book four, Flashpoint
Adult gender roles in three traditional American Indian societies
The Rothschilds : a family portrait
A study of emotions in the family business succession
Sex differences in cognitive functions : a study of same-sex and opposite-sex twin pairs
Why are we so insistent that women and men are different? This introduction to gender provides a fascinating and genuinely readable exploration of how society divides people into feminine women and masculine men. It explores gender as a way of seeing women and men as not just biological organisms, but as people shaped by their everyday social world. Examining how gender has been understood and lived in the past; how it is understood and done differently by different cultures and groups within cultures; Mary Holmes considers the strengths and limitations of different ways of thinking and learning to 'do' gender.Key sociological and feminist ideas about gender are covered from Christine Pisan to Mary Wollstonecraft: from symbolic interactionism to second wave feminism through to the work of Judith Butler. The book illustrates gender with a range of familiar and contemporary examples: everything from nineteenth century fashions in China and Britain, to discussions of what Barbie can tell us about gender in America, to the lives of working women in Japan. This book will be of great use and interest to students to gender studies, sociology and feminist theory.
The Tolstoys : twenty generations of Russian history 1353-1983
A brief history of the dynasties of China
Empty mansions : the mysterious life of Huguette Clark and the spending of a great American fortune
Ladies in armour : a phenomenological investigation of experiences of highly skilled Finnish female kendo athletes
Reduced emissions from deforestation and forest degradation gender analysis of REDD+ and its potential impact on community resources system : case of Angai Villages Land Forest Reserve, Tanzania
They say it's a cultural matter : gender and ethnicity at preschool
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis /Kaisa Kotakorpi, Panu Poutvaara
Gendering the militarisation of war on terrorism : discourses and representations of masculinities and femininities
Effects of gender, and SLCO1B1 and CYP7A1 polymorphisms on plasma bile acids in humans and the pharmacokinetics of therapeutic ursodeoxycholic acid
This collection of essays investigates elements of the human voice and performance, and their implications for gender and sexuality. The chapters address affect, pleasure, and memory in the enjoyment of musical and theatrical performance. Rosenberg also examines contemporary feminist performance, anti-racist interventions, activist aesthetics, and political agency especially with regard to feminist and queer interpretations of opera and theatre. She contextualizes her work within broader developments in gender and queer studies, and within the feminist movement by highlighting important contributions of artists who draw from the above to create performance. The book will be welcomed by opera and theatre lovers, students, academics, and the wider public that is interested in the performing arts and its queer feminist potential.
Umineko when they cry. Episode 2, Turn of the golden witch. 1
First of the Tudors
The clans, septs, and regiments of the Scottish Highlands
Clans and tartans : the fabric of Scotland
The effects of a 10-week combined maximal and explosive strength and high-intesity endurance training period on neuromuscular performance and 3K time-trial in males and females
Kushiel's mercy
The impact of over-exploitation on the genetic structure of Turkish red pine (Pinus brutia Ten.) populations determined by RAPD markers
The evolution of inanimate objects : the life and collected works of Thomas Darwin : a novel
The Scottish tartans : with historical sketches of the clans and families of Scotland
The grand ducal family of Luxembourg
The ghost riders of Ordebec
Scottish clans & tartans
"The world's worst cleaning lady" : the portrayal of gender in commercials targeted at American NHL audiences
Differences in consumer perspectives how sustainable food consumption is perceived and signalled in the prevailing consumer culture : among Generation Y
Comfort and joy
Trinity
The romanitic exiles
The rise of the Romanovs
The plague of doves
Descriptive findings on the convergence of female and male mortality in Europe
Pretty bad things
Whitaker's peerage, baronetage, knightage, and companionage for the year 1919.
What does it mean to become a boy today? How does boyhood manifest itself in different contexts? How can we describe fathers and sons in contemporary society? And can we make the invisible boy visible in ways alternative to those of media? This publication is the outcome of an international, multidisciplinary exploration of how boys become boys and how boys form identities today. The project was global in its scope and included 24 artists and academics from Sweden, USA, Turkey, UK, Finland, New Zealand, Croatia, Nigeria, Switzerland, India, Canada and Italy have contributed to the Invisible Boy. The publication with its 20 chapters includes academic papers, video, drawings, digital images, photography and music. Combining a variety of intellectual expressions the chapters forms a joint example of multimodal explorations to further understandings of complex matters such as gendered identity making. The contributions are organised in four themes: Negotiating Identity, Bodily Existence, Boyhood Interrupted, and Gender and Contemporary Media.
"We only want tits and timestamps" : framing gender and sexuality on a popular American image board
One hundred years of solitude
In the dying days of the Wars of the Roses a secret war is born. The battle for a crown is about to become a fight for the world. Bastard son, mercenary soldier, protector of the rightful king, seeker of a secret more treacherous than any in Christendom: Jack Wynter is destined to live in dangerous times. In England, the Wars of the Roses ended a decade ago with the fall of the House of Lancaster and the victory of King Edward of York. But peace sleeps uneasy in this divided realm and when the king dies unexpectedly it isn't long before old blood feuds and ambitions are awoken.
Teisko ancestry
The jewels of the Romanovs : family & court
The Glass castle : a memoir
Identity formation of the modern lifestyle entrepreneur
On gold mountain : a family memoir of love, struggle and survival
The effects of inbreeding on mating success and offspring production of males and females in a Drosophila littoralis population
Understanding and integrating gender issues into livestock projects and programmes : a checklist for practitioners
RFK : A candid biography of Bobby Kennedy
ABC of sexually transmitted infections
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
Almanach de Gotha. Volume II : Parts III / Editor: Chislain Crassard: annual genealogical reference
A Vietnamese family chronicle : twelve generations on the banks of the Hat River
Business-men and European Women : constructions of workplace diversity in a multinational technology company
Resource based view on multigenerational family dynasty: study of Sinebrychoff merchant and industrial family in the grand duchy of Finland (1809-1917)
The female brain
Exploring gender roles in Finnish and American youth : a critical review of Geert Hofstede's masculinity versus femininity dimension of national culture
King of morning, queen of day
Narn i chîn Húrin : the tale of the children of Húrin
Gender roles and domestic violence : narrative analysis of social construction of gender in Uganda
An exploration of socio-cultural and organizational factors affecting women's access to educational leadership
Invitation to Provence
Saddles and bifurcations in an overlapping generations economy with a renewable resource
A brief sketch of the Scottish families in Finland and Sweden
Generational work environment preferences: Case Ovenia
A long journey : a documentary novel of a family̕ s history
The blue death
The loving heart of a mother or a greedy politician? : media representations of female presidents in Liberia and Malawi
Breaking the bank
Empowering credit - more than just money : the socio-economic impact of micro-finance on women in Nairobi, Kenya
Orange trees of Baghdad : in search of my lost family
Take six girls : the lives of the Mittford sisters
Awaken : a Blood Angel novel
Female genital mutilation in Kenya : a literature review
Contested modernities in Turkey : constituting the modern subject in Bilkent University
Building value-based family enterprise culture : a family perspective
The rise and fall of the house of Windsor
Is it really gender? : an empirical investigation into gender effects in technology adoption through the examination of individual differences
Red Rose, white rose
The war room
The Zin letters : the Kalikos society Gloranthan magazine. 1
In the garden of memory : a family memoir
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
Weathering
Northlanders. Book seven : The icelandic trilogy
Whitaker's peerage, baronetage, knightage, and companionage for the year 1928.
The associations of student temperament type, gender and teacher temperament type with adolescent well-being in school
Self-reflexivity as the practice of empathy
Genetics of Müllerian aplasia
The strong women and wrong men of 'certain cultures' : categorizing 'immigrant men' in the finnish multicultural social work discourse
The Goffins: Lofty and Eave
Highlanders : a history of the Highland clans
Traces---of four Finnish families
Ancestors of two-spirits: representations of native American third-gender males in historical documentation : a critical discourse analysis in anthropology
Kushiel's Scion : Treason's heir: book one
The Family : the Real Story of the Bush Dynasty
It must have been the mistletoe
The tartans of the clans and families of Scotland
The Tolstoys : Twenty generations of Russian history 1353-1983
Gender on corporate boards : a discourse analysis of a debate of gender quotas on an internet discussion site
Unstoppable. Book one, Nowhere to run
The virgin blue
Courtiers : the secret history of Kensington Palace
Kushiel's justice : Treason's heir: book two
Fitness and viability of small populations : the effects of genetic drift, inbreeding, and interpopulation hybridization
Shadows of the pomegranate tree
The Borgias
Beyond ”gender and stir” : reflections on gender and SSR in the aftermath of African conflict
Unstoppable. Book two, Breakaway
Umineko when they cry. Episode 3, Banquet of the golden witch. 1
Sanctuary line
Unexpected Generation Change Influencing the Change in Management Style Case Ränssin Kievari
Blood & beauty
The loveday conspiracy
My name is Wood
The barefoot queen
Invisible Boy : the making of contemporary masculinities
Affect regulation, mental health disorders, and maladaptive brain responses in music listening : a correlational study
Marie-Thérèse : the fate of Marie Antoinette's daughter
The inheritance
The preacher
Umineko when they cry. Episode 1 : Legend of the golden witch 1
Gender differences in the patterns of Internet use among students : a case study of the University of Zambia
The monstrous memoirs of a mighty McFearless
6th graders' skills in different areas of English : a comparison between the students' and teachers' opinion
Too many mothers : an East End childhood
The mysteries of Udolpho
The effect of eutrophication on mate choice cues
Rothschild : a story of wealth and power
Women's managerial careers in the context of the United Arab Emirates
Photography as family ritual : visual narratives in a Finnish family photo album
Generational Transition on a Farm
The effects of inbreeding, crossbreeding and stress on metabolic rate in Drosophila littoralis
The Churchills : in love and war
A content analysis on family firms' association annual questionnaire
Sex chromosome evolution and speciation in stickleback fishes
An African princess
Lyrics alley
Looking to the family
Umineko when they cry. Episode 4, Alliance of the golden witch. 1
Headhunters and the 'ideal' executive body
Perspectives on second-generation immigrants
