http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p41 intervention
intervention
In educational political discussions diversity is approached as a challenge connected to cognitive,  linguistic, cultural, ethnic or sex questions. The greatest obstacles of inclusion are connected to  attitudes towards diversity. Vocational education in Finland is striving to create learning environments,  schools, educational organizations, work life and possibilities to include mixed ability students  according to inclusive ideology. Implementing those principles is supported by commitment, new  pedagogical solutions, curricula, learning environments, flexible and individual learning paths and  teachers' professional competencies. The aim is to make special needs students study together with  fellow students in an environment suitable to learning and studying, despite different starting points.  The number of special needs students has increased in vocational institutes. All teachers should have  special pedagogical preparedness in teacher education.  The research questions were:  1. What kind of experiences do teachers have for teaching/ guiding special needs students in an  inclusive learning environment at vocational secondary level?  2. What kind of competences do teachers think they are expected to have in teaching/ guiding special  needs students at vocational secondary level?  3. What kind of experiences do vocational teachers have to support special needs students in practice?  The research material consisted of semi-structured thematic interviews of seven (N=7) vocational  teachers in 2015 – 2016 from five various fields of science, with professional experience ranging from  5 to 28 years. The interviews were transcribed word for word.  The analyzing method was qualitative contents analysis. Attention was paid to similarities and  differences of opinions. Efforts were made to create a global and clear picture of the phenomenon to  be studied. Thus this research aims at the interpretation of individual experiences.  The research outcomes show that vocational teachers experience daily activities positively in inclusive  learning environments. Efforts of education organizers are praised for special pedagogical solutions,  various forms of support and guidance. The significance of a teacher's personal attitude to students'  progress is also clearly observable. Although the work is challenging and requires giving up traditional  teacher roles, experiences of success are rewarding and encouraging. Teachers feel that when a worry  appears, the matters must be grabbed immediately.
The British intervention in South Russia 1918-1920
Humanitarian intervention and the use of force: a comparative approach (Kosovo to Darfur)
The idea that states and the international community have a responsibility to protect populations at risk has framed internationalist debates about conflict prevention, humanitarian aid, peacekeeping and territorial administration since 2001. This book situates the responsibility to protect concept in a broad historical and jurisprudential context, demonstrating that the appeal to protection as the basis for de facto authority has emerged at times of civil war or revolution - the Protestant revolutions of early modern Europe, the bourgeois and communist revolutions of the following centuries and the revolution that is decolonisation. This analysis, from Hobbes to the UN, of the resulting attempts to ground authority on the capacity to guarantee security and protection is essential reading for all those seeking to understand, engage with, limit or critique the expansive practices of international executive action authorised by the responsibility to protect concept.
Allies : the United States, Britain, Europe and the war in Iraq
The Discussion Paper provides a compelling critique of the 'new humanitarianism', particularly the ways in which leading donor states seek to incorporate humanitarian assistance and protection into the toolbox of political intervention in other countries. Drawing upon the history of humanitarianism and its origins in an ethos of neutrality, impartiality and non-violence, the author shows how since the end of the Cold War, and increasingly since 9/11, the 'new' form of internationational humanitarianism has become deeply politicised and has taken on human rights, strategic-security, liberal and developmental agendas as defined by donor states. The paper frames the critique of linking R2P to humanitarian protection values in the context of the new humanitarianism and the pursuit of the foreign policies of hegemonic states. It therefore provides a critical perspective on the politics of humanitarian aid in Darfur, and opens up a new basis for an alternative discourse on international humanitarian intervention and its connection with the politics of global powers in African conflict arenas. This paper is an important resource for scholars, civil society activists and policy practitioners with a keen interest in international humanitarian aid, international humanitarian law, conflict, peace and security in Africa.
Counselling by telephone
Co-creating health : examining the effects of co-creation in a lifestyle intervention service targeting physical activity
From people's war to people's rule : insurgency, intervention, and the lessons of Vietnam
Heritage, collective and individual memory in Kate Atkinson's Behind the scenes at the museum
Self-regulation interventions and strategies : keeping the body, mind and emotions on task in children with autism, ADHD or sensory disrorders
Responsibility to protect : a defense
Humanitarian Intervention : Ethical, Legal and Political Dilemmas
Increasing sensitivity towards everyday work practice in system design
Daerah Rawan : faces of separatism in Aceh, West Papua and East Timor
The Oxford handbook of United Nations peacekeeping operations
Self-injurious behavior : assessment and treatment
Justice and Global Politics. Volume 23Part 1
Assessment of risk and prevention of type 2 diabetes in primary health care
The restoration of order : the normalization of Czechoslovakia, 1969-1976
Development and piloting of a survey instrument for evaluating the impact of multi-dose dispensing on medication adherence
Selling a 'just' war : framing, legitimacy, and US military intervention
Humanitarian occupation
Persuasive prevention : implementation of the AU rights of intervention
Humanitarian intervention : moral and philosophical issues
Bone adaptation to impact loading—Significance of loading intensity
Crisis intervention and time-limited cognitive treatment
Between war and peace : Woodrow Wilson and the American Expeditionary Force in Siberia, 1918-1921
The effect of compression socks on balance skills : randomized controlled trial
Intervention in international law
American national security
Motivational dialogue : preparing addiction professionals for motivational interviewing practice
Effects of exercise and diet interventions on obesity-related sleep disorders in men: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial
The European Union and the use of military force : uncovering the myths
Rogue state : a guide to the worlds̓ only superpower
Open Dialogues in social networks: Professional identity
US intervention policy and army innovation : from Vietnam to Iraq
The question of intervention : John Stuart Mill and the responsibility to protect
'The genocide in Rwanda showed us how terrible the consequences of inaction can be in the face of mass murder. But the conflict in Kosovo raised equally important questions about the consequences of action without international consensus and clear legal authority. On the one hand, is it legitimate for a regional organization to use force without a UN mandate? On the other, is it permissible to let gross and systematic violations of human rights, with grave humanitarian consequences, continue unchecked?' (United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan). This book is a comprehensive, integrated discussion of 'the dilemma' of humanitarian intervention. Written by leading analysts of international politics, ethics, and law, it seeks, among other things, to identify strategies that may, if not resolve, at least reduce the current tension between human rights and state sovereignty. This volume is an invaluable contribution to the debate on all aspects of this vital global issue.
The king of Karelia : Col. P. J. Woods and the British intervention of North Russia 1918-1919 : a history and memoir
(Why on Earth) should small states do expeditionary operations?
"This book seeks to understand the tenuous relationship between social indicators and aid dynamics; the advancing of the gender agenda through Afghanistan's 2005 parliamentary elections; and the journey from policy formulation to interpretation to implementation through the voices of policy-makers, policy implementers, NGO leaders, and Afghanistan specialists. The final chapter is voices of Afghan women and men"--Provided by publisher.
Culture of terrorism
US public opinion and foreign policy : a case study of the American military invention in Afghanistan
After years of paralysis, the 1990s saw an explosion in the number of United Nations field operations around the world. In terms of scope and level of ambition, these interventions went beyond the tried and tested principles of classical UN peacekeeping. Indeed, in some cases - such as Cambodia, Kosovo and East Timor - the UN presence assumed the form of quasi-protectorates designed to steer war-torn and deeply divided societies towards lasting peace. This book examines the UN's performance and assesses the wider impact of 'new interventionism' on international order and the study of international relations. Featuring eight case studies of major UN interventions and an introductory chapter outlining the most important theoretical and political features of the international system which have led to the increased interventionary practices of the UN, this book will appeal to students and researchers in international relations and international organizations.
Manual of critical care nursing : nursing interventions and collaborative management
Networked : Carabella on the run
Exploring the influence of persuasive reminders and virtual rehearsal on the efficacy of health behavior change support system
Why humanitarian aid in Darfur is not a practice of the 'Responsibility to Protect'
This title illustrates how integrating RTI into all aspects of a school can go beyond assessing learning disabilities to make a significant positive impact on schoolwide student achievement. The authors show how educators can successfully implement each tier to provide effective instruction for all learners, develop an intervention approach for students at risk, and provide intensive intervention for non-responding learners.
Neverending wars : the international community, weak states, and the perpetuation of civil war
The impact of intervention : the Dominican Republic during the U.S. occupation of 1916-1924
Study for the Iceni Project: can staff enable change with their interventions?  : Service users’ and staff’s points of view
America's road to empire : the war with Spain and overseas expansion
Democratic peace theory - the argument that democracies very rarely go to war with each other - has come under attack recently for being too naïve and for neglecting the vast amount of wars fought by democracies, especially since the end of the Cold War. This volume offers a fresh perspective by arguing that the same norms that are responsible for the democratic peace can be argued to be responsible for democratic war-proneness. The authors show that democratic norms, which are usually understood to cause peaceful behaviour, are heavily contested when dealing with a non-democratic other. The book thus integrates democratic peace and democratic war into one consistent theoretical perspective, emphasising the impact of national identity. The book concludes by arguing that all democracies have a 'weak spot' where they would be willing to engage militarily.
Working with street children : gender dimension of intervention and approaches. Case study of outreach program in Dar es Salaam Tanzania
Western intervention in the Balkans : the strategic use of emotion in conflict
The responsibility to protect : ending mass atrocity crimes once and for all
Tailoring health communication:the perspective of information users' health information behaviour in relation to their physical health status
Legal order in a violent world
Humanitarian intervention and international relations
Stalin's folly : the secret history of German invasion of Russia, June 1941
The Iraq War and international law
How should the international community react when a government transgresses humanitarian norms and violates the human rights of its own nationals? And where does the responsibility lie to protect people from such acts of violation? In a profound new study, Fabian Klose unites a team of leading scholars to investigate some of the most complex and controversial debates regarding the legitimacy of protecting humanitarian norms and universal human rights by non-violent and violent means. Charting the development of humanitarian intervention from its origins in the nineteenth century through to the present day, the book surveys the philosophical and legal rationales of enforcing humanitarian norms by military means, and how attitudes to military intervention on humanitarian grounds have changed over the course of three centuries. Drawing from a wide range of disciplines, the authors lend a fresh perspective to contemporary dilemmas using case studies from Europe, the United States, Africa and Asia.
The emerging norm of humanitarian intervention? : the view from the European union
Deadly Dreams : Opium and the Arrow War (1856–1860) in China
Children's oral health promotion programme in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
Anglo-Soviet relations, 1917-1921
Intervention : external involvement in civil wars
Literature review of the challenges in everyday life and participation of four to six year old children with ADHD and how they have been intervened
Under attack : challenges to the rules governing the international use of force
Foreign armed intervention in internal conflict
Justifications of inaction : responsibility and non-intervention in genocide
The Arrow War (1856–60) involved all the world's major powers, and could almost be called a world war because of the global economic and diplomatic issues driving it. For twenty-five years Dr John Wong has been trying to discover the true origins of the war. What began as a study of an alleged insult to the British flag supposedly flying over the boat Arrow led to an analysis of complex Chinese and British diplomacy; of the even more complex Chinese tea and silk exports; of British India's jealously guarded economic strategies and opium monopoly; of cotton supplied to the Lancashire mills by the Americans, who thereby made up their trade deficit with China occasioned by their heavy purchases of tea; of intricate Westminster politics and British global trade; of French pride and cultural priorities; of Russian intrigues and territorial designs; and of America's apparent aloofness and real ambitions.
Justifying war? : from humanitarian intervention to counterterrorism
Intervention in the International Court of Justice
Promoting polyarchy : globalization, US intervention, and hegemony
Intervention effects to preattentive processing of emotional information in depressed individuals : a study of ERPs and reaction times
Where soldiers fear to tread
Democracy by Force : US Military Intervention in the Post-Cold War World
The secret history of the American empire : [the truth about economic hit men, jackals, and how to change the world]
Securing resources by force : the need for raw materials and military intervention by major powers in less developed countries
Coordinating community response to domestic violence : lessons from Duluth and beyond
Military intervention in European conflict
A socio-ecological approach to physical activity interventions in childcare: a systematic review
The use of force : military power and international politics
Imperial grunts : the American military on the ground
Livestock-related interventions during emergencies : the how-to-do-it manual
From resilience to revolution : how foreign interventions destabilize the Middle East
Assessed aptitudes of nurses working with depressed elderly
Play therapy with children and adolescents in crisis
Globalization and violence. Vol. 3, Globalizing war and intervention
The question of intervention
This book analyzes a new phenomenon in international law: international organizations assuming the powers of a national government in order to reform political institutions. After reviewing the history of internationalized territories, this book asks two questions about these 'humanitarian occupations'. First, why did they occur? The book argues that the missions were part of a larger trend in international law to maintain existing states and their populations. The only way this could occur in these territories, which had all seen violent internal conflict, was for international administrators to take charge. Second, what is the legal justification for the missions? The book examines each of the existing justifications and finds them wanting. A new foundation is needed, one that takes account of the missions' authorisation by the UN Security Council and their pursuit of goals widely supported in the international community.
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of infant development. Volume 2, Applied and policy issues
Abstract: Critical reflection on the evaluation plan of the VARPUNEN project.
Cowardly lions : missed opportunities to prevent deadly conflict and state collapse
Military involvement : the escalation of internal conflicts
Serious mental health problems in the community : policy, practice and research
No good men among the living : America, the Taliban, and the war through Afghan eyes
The dogs are eating them now : our war in Afghanistan
How RTI works in secondary schools
Does training in syllable recognition improve reading speed? A computer-based trial with poor readers from second and third grade.
Force and legitimacy in world politics
Reluctant justice : a just-war analysis of the international use of force in the former Yugoslavia (1991-1995)
Since the end of the Cold War, there has been increasing interest in the global dimensions of a host of public policy issues - issues involving war and peace, terrorism, international law, regulation of commerce, environmental protection, and disparities of wealth, income, and access to medical care. Especially pressing is the question of whether it is possible to formulate principles of justice that are valid not merely within a single society but across national borders. The thirteen essays in this volume explore a range of issues that are central to contemporary discussions of global politics. Written by prominent philosophers, political scientists, economists, and legal theorists, they offer valuable contributions to current debates over the nature of justice and its implications for the development of international law and international institutions.
The effectiveness and applicability of different lifestyle interventions for enhancing wellbeing: the study design for a randomized controlled trial for persons with metabolic syndrome risk factors and psychological distress
Humanitarian military intervention : the conditions for success and failure
This practical sourcebook offers the latest information on crisis intervention and treatment strategies to a wide range of practitioners helping clients who have survived crises such as being taken hostage or raped.
Conflict in Afghanistan : studies in asymmetric warfare
Planning for intervention : international cooperation in conflict management
Written in a practical format with lesson plans and examples this book gives middle school teachers a streamlined strategy for merging differentiated instruction and RTI.
Families in the Shadow of Cancer
Effects of risk factor targeted lifestyle counselling intervention on quality of lifestyle counselling and on adherence to lifestyle change in stroke patients
"Explains Responsibility to Protect (R2P), a new international norm to protect the peoples of the world. With real-world examples, current events analysis, and assessments from personal experience, shows how R2P is better equipped to end mass atrocity crimes than is "the right to intervene" or other "humanitarian intervention" doctrines"--Provided by publisher.
Motives for overseas missions : the good, the bad and the ugly
Turning the tide : U.S. intervention in Central America and the struggle for peace
Recourse to Force : State Action against Threats and Armed Attacks
Intervention in the 1980s : U.S. foreign policy in the Third World
Condemned to repetition? : the rise, fall, and reprise of Soviet-Russian military interventionism, 1973-1996
The clinical science of suicide prevention
Democratic Accountability and the Use of Force in International Law
Ripe for resolution : conflict and intervention in Africa
Alike or different? : Scandinavian approaches to military interventions
The instruments of America's foreign policy
Classical arguments about the legitimate use of force have profoundly shaped the norms and institutions of contemporary international society. But what specific lessons can we learn from the classical European philosophers and jurists when thinking about humanitarian intervention, preventive self-defense or international trusteeship today? The contributors to this volume take seriously the admonition of contextualist scholars not to uproot classical thinkers' arguments from their social, political and intellectual environment. Nevertheless, this collection demonstrates that contemporary students, scholars and policymakers can still learn a great deal from the questions raised by classical European thinkers, the problems they highlighted, and even the problematic character of some of the solutions they offered. The aim of this volume is to open up current assumptions about military intervention, and to explore the possibility of reconceptualizing and reappraising contemporary approaches.
War and peace in transition : changing roles of external actors
Humanitarian imperialism : using human rights to sell war
Sixth Futures Forum on crisis communication : Reykjavik, Iceland, 10-11 may 2004.
Obesity and the economics of prevention : fit not fat
There is a substantial evidence base on the effectiveness of different policies in reducing the harm done by alcohol. Policies that regulate the economic and physical availability of alcohol are effective in reducing alcohol-related harm. Enforced legislative measures to reduce drinking and driving and interventions individually directed to drinkers already at risk are also effective. The evidence shows that information and education programmes do not reduce alcohol-related harm; nevertheless, they have a role in providing information, reframing alcohol-related problems and increasing attention to alcohol on the political and public agendas. In all parts of the European Union, population-based interventions represent a highly cost–effective use of resources to reduce alcohol-related harm. Brief interventions for individual high-risk drinkers are also cost–effective, but are harder to scale up because of their associated training and manpower needs.
Suez : Britain's end of empire in the Middle East
Workplace health promotion : effects of interventions referred to in systematic knowledge reviews and in Swedish reports
For the cause of socialism : documents, statements by state and party leaders of the Soviet Union and Czechoslovakia, and press reports
Tier 3 of the RTI model : problem solving through a case study approach
Occupational health, safety and ergonomic issues in small and medium-sized enterprises in a developing country
Fall accidents and exercise among a very old home-dwelling population
A day in the life of responsibility to protect
A comprehensive RTI model : integrating behavioral and academic interventions
Alcohol problems in the criminal justice system : an opportunity for intervention
This work not only provides a solid foundation for guiding school improvement, but also details an array of very practical tools that can be used to implement tiered instructional options in middle and high school settings.
This is a comprehensive guide to developing a response to domestic violence using the Duluth Model. The contributors discuss the controversies which affect this community-based method.
International election monitoring, sovereignty, and the Western hemisphere idea : the emergence of an international norm
Restoring and maintaining order in complex peace operations : the search for a legal framework
Humanitarian challenges and intervention : world politics and the dilemmas of help
Humanitarian intervention and the United Nations
RTI with differentiated instruction, grades 6-8 : a classroom teacher's guide
SUICIDAL TENDENCY AND SELF-HARM AMONG TEENAGERS IN THE HELSINKI METROPOLITAN AREA :A LITERATURE REVIEW
On power and ideology : the Managua lectures
Killing hope : U.S. military and CIA interventions since World War II
Beyond Westphalia : state sovereignty and international intervention
The Militant Face of Democracy : Liberal Forces for Good
Revolution and international politics
Law and force in the new international order
Responsibility to protect : the global moral compact for the 21st century
From intervention to social change : a guide to reshaping everyday practices
Multilateralism as terror : international law, Haiti and imperialism
Using RTI for school improvement : raising every student's achievement scores
Reading humanitarian intervention : human rights and the use of force in international law
Hitler's shadow empire : Nazi economics and the Spanish Civil War
The laws governing humanitarian action stand at the intersection of several fields of international law, regional agreements, soft law and domestic law. Through in-depth case studies and analyses, expert scholars and practitioners come together to offer interdisciplinary approaches which include contributions from legal policy, international relations and philosophical perspectives. Providing invaluable overviews and insights, this collection of essays sheds light on the subject and makes sense of the various elements involved to elucidate the foundations of law and policy of humanitarian action.
During the 1990s, humanitarian intervention seemed to promise a world in which democracy, self-determination and human rights would be privileged over national interests or imperial ambitions. Orford provides critical readings of the narratives that accompanied such interventions and shaped legal justifications for the use of force by the international community. Through a close reading of legal texts and institutional practice, she argues that a far more circumscribed, exploitative and conservative interpretation of the ends of intervention was adopted during this period. The book draws on a wide range of sources, including critical legal theory, feminist and postcolonial theory, psychoanalytic theory and critical geography, to develop ways of reading directed at thinking through the cultural and economic effects of militarized humanitarianism. The book concludes by asking what, if anything, has been lost in the move from the era of humanitarian intervention to an international relations dominated by wars on terror.
Since the end of the Cold War, the international community, and the USA in particular, has intervened in a series of civil conflicts around the world. In a number of cases, where actions such as economic sanctions or diplomatic pressures have failed, military interventions have been undertaken. This 1999 book examines four US-sponsored interventions (Panama, Somalia, Haiti and Bosnia), focusing on efforts to reconstruct the state which have followed military action. Such nation-building is vital if conflict is not to recur. In each of the four cases, Karin von Hippel considers the factors which led the USA to intervene, the path of military intervention, and the nation-building efforts which followed. The book seeks to provide a greater understanding of the successes and failures of US policy, to improve strategies for reconstruction, and to provide some insight into the conditions under which intervention and nation-building are likely to succeed.
Humanitarian intervention
The Routledge handbook of the responsibility to protect
The spread of democracy to a majority of the world's states and the legitimization of the use of force by multilateral institutions such as NATO and the UN have been two key developments since World War II. In the last decade these developments have become intertwined, as multilateral forces moved from traditional peacekeeping to peace enforcement among warring parties. This book explores the experiences of nine countries (Canada, France, Germany, India, Japan, Norway, Russia, UK and US) in the deployment of armed forces under the UN and NATO, asking who has been and should be accountable to the citizens of these nations, and to the citizens of states who are the object of deployments, for the decisions made in such military actions. The authors conclude that national-level mechanisms have been most important in assuring democratic accountability of national and international decision-makers.
Ethnographic Interventions: A Strategy and Experiments in Mapping Sociospatial Practices
Humanitarian intervention and health CSOs : Discourse perspective
When the state falls : studies on intervention in the Sierra Leone civil war
Dialogues in Partner Abusive Clients' Group Treatment: Conversational Tools Used by Counselors With Differently Motivated Clients
Humanitarian Occupation
The legality and morality of humanitarian intervention : mechanisms for future implementation
Pitting fascists and communists in a showdown for supremacy, the Spanish Civil War has long been seen as a grim dress rehearsal for World War II. Francisco Franco's Nationalists prevailed with German and Italian military assistance--a clear instance, it seemed, of like-minded regimes joining forces in the fight against global Bolshevism. In Hitler's Shadow Empire, Pierpaolo Barbieri revises this standard account of Axis intervention in the Spanish Civil War, arguing that economic ambitions--not ideology--drove Hitler's Iberian intervention. The Nazis hoped to establish an economic empire in Europe, and in Spain they tested the tactics intended for future subject territories. The Nazis provided Franco's Nationalists with planes, armaments, and tanks, but behind this largesse was a Faustian bargain. Through weapons and material support, Germany gradually absorbed Spain into an informal empire, extending control over key Spanish resources in order to fuel its own burgeoning war industries. This plan was only possible and profitable because of Hitler's economic czar, Hjalmar Schacht, a 'wizard of international finance.' His policies fostered the interwar German recovery and consolidated Hitler's dictatorship. Though Schacht's economic strategy was eventually abandoned in favor of a very different conception of racial empire, Barbieri argues it was in many ways a more effective strategic option for the Third Reich. Deepening our understanding of the Spanish Civil War by placing it in the context of Nazi imperial ambitions, Hitler's Shadow Empire illuminates a fratricidal tragedy that still reverberates in Spanish life as well as the world war it heralded.
A tragedy of good intentions? : an analysis of international interventions in the Rwandan conflict
Law and civil war in the modern world
The Rise of the constitutional alternative to Soviet Rule in 1918 : provisional governments of Siberia and All-Russia : their quest for Allied intervention
Evil hour in Colombia
A comparison of communication using the Apple iPad and a picture-based system
This text offers critical, practical, coherent, comprehensive and research-based information for schools and districts implementing an RTI framework of intervention. It maps a seamless process of support that enables school psychologists and school teams to provide tiered interventions to increase student achievement.
Bridging the islands of society : modeling delinquency prevention through optimization of social support
"Could do better" : academic interventions in Northern Ireland unionism
Fools' crusade : Yugoslavia, NATO and Western delusions
A family based tailored counselling to increase non-exercise physical activity in adults with a sedentary job and physical activity in their young children: Design and methods of a year-long randomized controlled trial
Aid for peace : a guide to planning and evaluation for conflict zones
United Nations Interventionism, 1991–2004
Mindfulness, acceptance and value-based intervention for burnout : mediational roles of learning the elements of the intervention on outcomes
Nation against state : a new approach to ethnic conflicts and the decline of sovereignty
Physical functioning among community-dwelling older people
Military intervention in civil wars : the 1970s
ICC, R2P, and the international community's evolving interventionist toolkit
The zones of proximal development in children’s play
On history : Tariq Ali and Oliver Stone in conversation
Intervention in international politics : texts of the lectures delivered at the conference organised by the Netherlands Institute of International Affairs on the occasion of its 25th anniversary on 19 and 20 November 1970
Genocide. Vol. 6, Humanitarian intervention, the prosecution of genocide, trauma and recovery
"We need New Zealand Schools on the Move programme" : Report and analysis how was the Finnish Schools on the Move programme accepted in New Zealand
The United States, Western Europe and military intervention overseas
Simulating Sovereignty : Intervention, the State and Symbolic Exchange
Reinvigorating the "responsibility to protect" - challenges and prospects
Technology assessment in nursing : a systematic review of the Finnish and international literature
War and intervention : issues for contemporary peace operations
Nursing interventions for improving the management of hypertension in adults
Human rights and military intervention
"The question of when or if a nation should intervene in another country's affairs is one of the most important concerns in today's volatile world. Taking John Stuart Mill's famous 1859 essay 'A Few Words on Non-Intervention' as his starting point, international relations scholar Michael W. Doyle addresses the thorny issue of when a state's sovereignty should be respected and when it should be overridden or disregarded by other states in the name of humanitarian protection, national self-determination, or national security. In this time of complex social and political interplay and increasingly sophisticated and deadly weaponry, Doyle reinvigorates Mill's principles for a new era while assessing the new United Nations doctrine of responsibility to protect. In the twenty-first century, intervention can take many forms: military and economic, unilateral and multilateral. Doyle's thought-provoking argument examines essential moral and legal questions underlying significant American foreign policy dilemmas of recent years, including Libya, Iraq, and Afghanistan"--
Reading Humanitarian Intervention : Human Rights and the Use of Force in International Law
RTI with differentiated instruction, grades K-5 : a classroom teacher's guide
Public opinion & international intervention : lessons from the Iraq War
Robotic urology
Armed intervention by invitation : place and applicability in international law
Effective peacebuilding in a post-conflict environment : problems and solutions with son-state armed groups
The nations that drafted the UN Charter in 1945 clearly were more concerned about peace than about justice. As a result, the Charter prohibits all use of force by states except in the event of an armed attack or when authorised by the Security Council. This arrangement has only very imperfectly withstood the test of time and changing world conditions. In requiring states not to use force in self-defence until after they had become the object of an actual armed attack, the Charter failed to address a growing phenomenon of clandestine subversion and of instantaneous nuclear threats. Fortunately although the Charter is very hard to amend, the drafters did agree that it should be interpreted flexibly by the United Nations' principal political institutions. In this way the norms governing use of force in international affairs have been adapted to meet changing circumstances and new challenges. The book also relates these changes in law and practice to changing public values pertaining to the balance between maintaining peace and promoting justice.
In Simulating Sovereignty Cynthia Weber presents a critical analysis of the concept of sovereignty. Examining the justifications for intervention offered by the Concert of Europe, President Wilson's Administration, and the Reagan-Bush administrations, she combines critical international relations theory and foreign policy discourses about intervention to accomplish two important goals. First, rather than redefining state sovereignty, she radically deconstructs it by questioning the historical foundations of sovereign authority. Secondly, the book provides a critique of representation generally, and of the representation of the sovereign state in particular. This book is thus an original and important contribution to the understanding of sovereignty, the state and intervention in international relations theory.
Teachers are expected to tailor instruction for diverse learners in their classrooms. While most educators are familiar with differentiated instruction, the principles and practices of Response to Intervention/Instruction (RTI) are still emerging.
China's use of military force : beyond the Great Wall and the Long March
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
The thin blue line : how humanitarianism went to war
Just and Unjust Military Intervention : European Thinkers from Vitoria to Mill
Summary.
In 'Counselling by Telephone', Maxine Rosenfield explores the essential skills needed to carry out effective telephone counselling, which are necessarily distinct from those involved in face-to-face counselling.
Stepping out of the shadows of colonialism to the beat of the drum. The meaning of music for five First Nations children with autism in Brittish Columbia, Canada
Can intervention work?
The re-emergence of correctional intervention
Abstract (s. 4) .
Substance abuse interventions in general nursing practice ; Mental health nursing interventions for the generalist nurse
Afghanistan : aid, armies and empires
International Authority and the Responsibility to Protect
Gender and international aid in Afghanistan : the politics and effects of intervention
Humanitarian intervention after Kosovo : Iraq, Darfur and the record of global civil society
Structured child-centred interventions to support families with a parent suffering from cancer:from practice-based evidence towards evidence-based practice
Intervention : shaping the global order
Humanitarian intervention : just war vs. pacifism
Interactions of Development Intervention and Conflict in Northern Uganda
Roadmap for the prevention of maltreatment of persons with intellectual and/or multiple disabilities : evaluating and diagnosis = Roteiro para a prevenção de maus-tratos a pessoas com deficiência intelectual e/ou multideficiência : avaliação e diagnóstico
Blowback : the costs and consequences of American empire
The ethics of representation in literature, art and journalism : transnational responses to the Siege of Beirut
Pluralism, Solidarism and the Issue of Humanitarian Intervention in Post-Cold War World Politics : A Critical Analysis of the Notion of New Humanitarian Interventionism and the 1999 International Intervention in East Timor
Humanitarian intervention : an introduction
Intervention in world politics
Ethical considerations in biomedical HIV prevention trials : UNAIDS/WHO guidance document
Europe's new security vocation
Critical reflection on the evaluation plan of the VARPUNEN project
The Emergence of Humanitarian Intervention : Ideas and Practice from the Nineteenth Century to the Present
Evidence for the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of interventions to reduce alcohol-related harm
Iraq : people, history, politics
Of rights and responsibilities : the right of humanitarian intervention
Humanitarian Action : Global, Regional and Domestic Legal Responses
Featuring interactive exercises and user-friendly tools, this research-based guide helps educators leverage resources and build teams to improve student behaviour and academic achievement worldwide.
The grammar of psychosis
Vocational Teacher's Competence in Inclusive Learning Environment
Humanitarian intervention : an inquiry into law and morality
From Victoria to Vladivostok : Canada's Siberian Expedition, 1917-19
The pillars of global law
Right v. might : international law and the use of force
Internationally, there is a very evident trend towards increased use of minimally invasive approaches when performing surgical procedures, and robotics is playing a vital role in this context. In this second, revised edition of Robotic Urology, leading robotic surgeons from around the world pool their knowledge to provide an updated manual that covers all the oncologic and reconstructive procedures in urologic surgery that are performed with robotic assistance. Each operation is described in detail, with careful explanation of the different surgical steps and numerous high-quality anatomic illustrations and color surgical photos. An additional feature is the inclusion of extensive references to the scientific literature that support the body of information provided in the book. As well as offering excellent guidance on the application of robotic surgery in urology, the book will serve as an ideal reference work for all urologists and should contribute in supporting new robotic teams and further popularizing robotic surgery.
Crisis diplomacy : a history of U.S. intervention policies and practices
Iron maze : the Western secret services and the Bolsheviks
Enhancing sense of coherence via early intervention among depressed occupational health care clients
International interventions and Security Council
The global cold war : third world interventions and the making of our times
"This book aims to provide professionals and clinicians-in-training with the latest forms of treatment for children and adolescents who have been impacted by crises and trauma. The various treatment options presented here include approaches that focus on the individual as well as many that include a parent in conjoint or filial therapy, and others that employ a family treatment model. Many chapters in this book demonstrate the use of a variety of creative methods with young people who have suffered traumatic experiences such as sexual abuse, bullying, immigration, natural disasters, and witnessing violence"--
Military-civilian interactions : humanitarian crises and the responsibility to protect
The United States intervention in North Russia--1918, 1919 : the Polar Bear odyssey
Forward hedging under price and production risk of wheat
