http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4100 inter-art
inter-art
Cross-cultural connections in crime fictions
Still moving : between cinema and photography
This book explores the complex relationship between literature and dance in the era of modernism. During this period an unprecedented dialogue between the two art forms took place, based on a common aesthetics initiated by contemporary discussions of the body and gender, language, formal experimentation, primitivism, anthropology, and modern technologies such as photography, film, and mechanisation. The book traces the origins of this relationship to the philosophical antecedents of modernism in the nineteenth century and examines experimentation in both art forms. The book investigates dance's impact on the modernists' critique of language and shows the importance to writers of choreographic innovations by dancers of the fin de siecle, of the Ballets Russes, and of European and American experimentalists in non-balletic forms of modern dance. A reciprocal relationship occurs with choreographic use of literary text. Dance and literature meet at this time at the site of formal experiments in narrative, drama, and poetics, and their relationship contributes to common aesthetic modes such as symbolism, primitivism, expressionism, and constructivism. Focussing on the first half of the twentieth century, the book locates these transactions in a transatlantic field, giving weight to both European and American contexts and illustrating the importance of dance as a conduit of modernist preoccupations in Europe and the US through patterns of influence and exchange. Chapters explore the close interrelationships of writers and choreographers of this period including Mallarme, Nietzsche, Yeats, Conrad, Woolf, Lawrence, Pound, Eliot, and Beckett, Fuller, Duncan, Fokine, Nijinsky, Massine, Nijinska, Balanchine, Tudor, Laban, Wigman, Graham, and Humphrey, and recover radical experiments by neglected writers and choreographers from David Garnett and Esther Forbes to Andree Howard and Oskar Schlemmer.
Arch of Neo : audiovisual performance and video work exploring the convergence between abstract visual music and dance
Fluxus today and yesterday
In the dark of the blackout before the curtain rises, the theater holds its many worlds suspended on the verge of appearance. How can a performance sustain this sense of potentiality that grounds all live production? Or if a stage-world does begin, what kinds of future might appear within its frame? Conceiving of the theater as a cultural institution devoted to experimenting with the future, this book begins and ends on the dramatic stage; in between it traverses literature, dance, sculpture, and performance art to explore the various futures we make in a live event. After Live conceives of traditional dramatic theater as a place for taming the future and then conceptualizes how performance beyond this paradigm might stage the unruly nature of futurity. Chapters offer insights into the plays of Beckett, Churchill, Eno, and Gombrowicz, devised theater practices, and include an extended exploration of the Italian director Romeo Castellucci. Through the lens of potentiality, other chapters present novel approaches to minimalist sculpture and dance, then reflect on how the beholder him or herself is called upon to perform when confronted by such work.
Beyond architecture : imaginative buildings and fictional cities
Finnish landscape
Voicing American poetry : sound and performance from the 1920s to the present
Visions visuals : poésies à l'encre et sur papier = Poetry for Indian ink and paper
Artists and designers are now defined not by their discipline but by the fluidity with which their practices move between the fields of architecture, art, and design. This volume delves into four pioneering transdisciplinary studios-Jorge Pardo Sculpture, Konstantin Grcic Industrial Design, Studio Olafur Eliasson, and Ab ake-by observing and interviewing the practitioners and their assistants. A further series of interviews with curators, critics, anthropologists, designers, and artists serves to contextualize the transdisciplinary model now at the fore of creative practice. Including interviews with Jorge Pardo, Konstantin Grcic, Olafur Eliasson, and Ab ake; and Vito Acconci, Gui Bonsiepe, James Clifford, Dexter Sinister, Martino Gamper, Ryan Gander, Caroline Jones, Ronald Jones, Maria Lind, Alessandro Mendini, Rick Poynor, and Andrea Zittel.
Sounding the gallery : video and the rise of art-music
Out of actions : between performance and the object, 1949-1979
Reflections on the musical mind : an evolutionary perspective
When faith moves mountains = Cuando la fe mueve montañas
The Fluxus reader
Danse : an anthology
Making music for modern dance : collaboration in the formative years of a new American art
Portraits in fiction / A. S. Byatt
After live : possibility, potentiality, and the future of performance
" A collection of ten original essays forging new interdisciplinary connections between crime fiction and film, encompassing British, Swedish, American and Canadian contexts. The authors explore representations of race, gender, sexuality and memory, and challenge traditional categorizations of academic and professional crime writing"--
Art, theatre, and opera in Paris, 1750-1850 : exchanges and tensions
Inspiration from the Kalevala : style and complete work of art / Anna-Maria von Bonsdorff
Intermedial arts : disrupting, remembering and transforming media
Dance in Handel's London operas
Just as our society delights in citations, quotations, and allusions in myriad contexts, not least in popular song, late medieval poets and composers knew well that such references could greatly enrich their own works. In The Art of grafted song: citation and allusion in the age of Machaut, author Yolanda Plumley explores the penchant for borrowing in chansons and lyrics from fourteenth-century France, uncovering a practice integral to the experiments in form, genre, and style that ushered in a new school of lyric.
The tooth that nibbles at the soul : essays on music and poetry
newARTtheatre : evolutions of the performance aesthetic
Closer : performance, technologies, phenomenology
The fictional arts : an inter-art journey from theatre theory to the arts
Bastard or playmate? : adapting theatre, mutating media and the contemporary performing arts
Reading visual poetry after futurism : Marinetti, Apollinaire, Schwitters, Cummings
In search of Vinteuil : music, literature and a self regained
Sound figures of modernity : German music and philosophy
Software for people : collected writings 1963-80
Remote performances in nature and architecture
From madrigal to opera : Monteverdi's staging of the self
Choreographing exhibitions = Chorégraphier l'exposition / a book by = un livre de Mathieu Copeland
The turn of the century : modernism and modernity in literature and the arts = Le tournant du siècle : le modernisme et la modernité dans la littérature et les arts
Generation of forms : space to inhabit, time to think = Künstlerische Formgebung : Raum zum Wohnen, Zeit für Reflexion
How can musical semiotics help us to understand literature?
The total artwork in expressionism : art, film, literature, theater, dance, and architecture 1905-1925
Blake set to music : a bibliography of musical settings of the poems and prose of William Blake
Searching for art's new publics
Kate Whiteford : land drawings / installations / excavations
Verse, voice, and vision : poetry and the cinema
British music and modernism, 1895-1960
Čiurlionis, Sibelius and Nietzsche - three profiles and interpretations
Dance and media -together apart : creative potentials of technology for dance
The music of painting : music, modernism and the visual arts from the Romantics to John Cage
Fluxus : today and yesterday
Mystical love in the German Baroque : theology, poetry, music
Christian Marclay
Shifting boundaries : artists - visual & cultural producers working on borderlines / [editor Regina Maria Möller]
Russian narrative & visual art : varieties of seeing
The modern dilemma in art : the reflections of a color-music painter
On the birth of experimental cinema
The cinematic
Art, theatre, and opera in Paris, 1750-1850: exchanges and tensions maps some of the many complex and vivid connections between art, theatre, and opera in a period of dramatic and challenging historical change, thereby deepening an understanding of familiar (and less familiar) artworks, practices, and critical strategies in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. Throughout this period, new types of subject matter were shared, fostering both creative connections and reflection on matters of decorum, legibility, pictorial, and dramatic structure. Correspondances were at work on several levels: conception, design, and critical judgement. In a time of vigorous social, political, and cultural contestation, the status and role of the arts and their interrelation came to be a matter of passionate public scrutiny.
Shifting boundaries : artists - visual & cultural producers working on borderlines
Wagner's Ring cycle and the Greeks
When it was first published in Germany in 1995, Poetics of Dance was already seen as a path-breaking publication, the first to explore the relationships between the birth of modern dance, new developments in the visual arts, and the renewal of literature and drama in the form of avant-garde theatrical and movement productions of the early twentieth-century. Author Gabriele Brandstetter established in this book not only a relation between dance and critical theory, but in fact a full interdisciplinary methodology that quickly found foothold with other areas of research within dance studies. The book looks at dance at the beginnings of the 20th century, the time during which modern dance first began to make its radical departure from the aesthetics of classical ballet. Brandstetter traces modern dance's connection to new innovations and trends in visual and literary arts to argue that modern dance is in fact the preeminent symbol of modernity. As Brandstetter demonstrates, the aesthetic renewal of dance vocabulary which was pursued by modern dancers on both sides of the Atlantic - Isadora Duncan and Loie Fuller, Valeska Gert and Oskar Schlemmer, Vaslav Nijinsky and Michel Fokine - unfurled itself in new ideas about gender and subjectivity in the arts more generally, thus reflecting the modern experience of life and the self-understanding of the individual as an individual.
The Old Testament in world music
The motet around 1500 : on the relationship of imitation and text treatment?
Language aLive. Two
Robert Wilson's vision : an exhibition of works by Robert Wilson with a sound environment by Hans Peter Kuhn
A dialogue with glass
Giving voice to love : song and self-expression from the troubadours to Guillaume de Machaut
Henry Purcell and the London stage
River of silence
Musical ekphrasis : composers responding to poetry and painting
Interdisciplinary course in dance and media at the media department of the University of Lapland
Re-framing the theatrical : interdisciplinary landscapes for performance
Art as music, music as poetry, poetry as art, from Whistler to Stravinsky and beyond
The Routledge reader in gender and performance
The men who knew too much : Henry James and Alfred Hitchcock
Actor-spectator in a virtual reality arts play : towards new artistic experiences in between illusion and reality in immersive virtual environments
The pleasures of contamination : evidence, text, and voice in textual studies
The anxiety of interdisciplinarity / edited by Alex Coles and Alexia Defert
The transdisciplinary studio
Theatre, exhibition, and curation : displayed & performed
Helsinki : a course in architectonics
British music and literary context : artistic connections in the long nineteenth century
Through his reading of primary and secondary classical sources, as well as his theoretical writings, Richard Wagner developed a Hegelian-inspired theory linking the evolution of classical Greek politics and poetry. This book demonstrates how, by turning theory into practice, Wagner used this evolutionary paradigm to shape the music and the libretto of the Ring cycle. Foster describes how each of the Ring's operas represents a particular phase of Greek poetic and political development: Das Rheingold and Die Walküre create epic national identity in its earlier and later stages respectively; Siegfried expresses lyric personal identity; and Götterdämmerung destructively culminates with a tragi-comedy about civic identity. This study sees the Greeks through the lens of those scholars whose work influenced Wagner most, focusing on epic, lyric, and comedy, as well as Greek tragedy. Most significantly, the book interrogates the ways in which Wagner uses Greek aesthetics to further his own ideological goals.
East is red : semi-generative audiovisual composition, composed instrument, part of the Audio Visual Live Composition System
Sound and the visual arts : intersections between music and plastic arts today
Metaphor and musical thought
Outlandia is an off-grid artists' fieldstation, a treehouse imagined by artists London Fieldworks (Bruce Gilchrist & Jo Joelson) and designed by Malcolm Fraser Architects, situated in Glen Nevis, opposite Ben Nevis. It is performative architecture that immerses its occupants in a particular environment, provoking creative interaction between artists and the land. This book explores the relationship between place and forms of thought and creative activity, relating Outlandia and the artists there to the tradition of generative thinking and making structures that have included Goethe's Gartenhaus in Weimar, Henry Thoreau's cabin at Walden Pond and Dylan Thomas's writing shack in Laugharne. Based on a series of residencies and radio broadcasts produced by London Fieldworks in collaboration with Resonance 104.4fm, the Remote Performances project enabled twenty invited artists to consider and engage in transmissions, sound performances and dialogues on their artmaking strategies immersed in this specific rural environment of mountain, forest and river; flora and fauna. Some artists engaged in dialogue with people living and working in the area with a range of specialisms and experience in, for examples, forestry, mountain culture, wildlife, tourism, and local history. This book explores the ways in which being in the field impacts on artists and permeates through to the artworks they create. It considers the relationship between geography and contemporary art and artists' use of maps and fieldwork. It charts these artists' explorations of the ecological and cultural value of the natural environment, questioning our perceptions and relationships to landscape, climate and their changes. The book is an inspiring collection of ways to think differently about our relationship with the changing natural environment.
Opera and its symbols : the unity of words, music, and staging
Writings through John Cage's music, poetry, and art
Spanish practices : literature, cinema, television
Contemporary fiction and the fairy tale
Dysfashional : adventures in post-style
Sound sculpture : intersections in sound and sculpture in Australian artworks
The aesthetics of the total artwork : on borders and fragments
Beckett and musicality
Across the street, around the world : a handbook for cultural exchange
The technological herbarium
Augmenting theatre : engaging with the content of performances and installations on intermedial stages / Kaisu Koski
Rethinking the novel/film debate
The Romantic imagination : literature and art in England and Germany
Re-reading poetry : Schubert's multiple settings of Goethe
Musical tastes in fourteenth-century Italy : notational styles, scholarly traditions and historical circumstances
Unsuspected eloquence : a history of the relations between poetry and music
Art, word and image : two thousand years of visual/textual interaction
Language aLive. One
Literary modernism and musical aesthetics : Pater, Pound, Joyce, and Stein
Monteverdi and the end of the Renaissance
Literature, modernism, and dance
Second skin : Josephine Baker and the modern surface
Dada spectrum : the dialects of revolt
Medieval music in practice : studies in honor of Richard Crocker
ImageScapes : studies in intermediality
Poetics of dance : body, image, and space in the historical avant-gardes
Fluxfilm anthology
Philippe Decouflé / Thomas Hahn
The gazer's spirit : poems speaking to silent works of art
Thank you for the music
Critique of pure music
Traces the ways in which contemporary dance has become a site for vital experiments on questions of the body, identity, belonging, knowledge economies, and globalization. This dynamic and wide-ranging collection maps the numerous exchanges between Francophone and Anglophone performance cultures and critical thought. Many of the texts included in this volume are translated into English for the first time.
Music and literary modernism : critical essays and comparative studies
The culture of fragments : word and images in futurism and surrealism
Master of none : designer of all trades
Between enchantment and alienation / Markku Paasonen
Entertainment Island. 6, Book
Why do we value music? Many people report that listening to music is one of life's most rewarding activities. In Critique of pure music, James O. Young seeks to explain why this is so. Formalists tell us that music is appreciated as pure, contentless form. On this view, listeners receive pleasure, or a pleasurable 'musical' emotion, when they explore the abstract patterns found in music. Music, formalists believe, does not arouse ordinary emotions such as joy, melancholy or fear, nor can it represent emotion or provide psychological insight. Young holds that formalists are wrong on all counts. Drawing upon the latest psychological research, he argues that music is expressive of emotion by resembling human expressive behaviour. By resembling human expressive behaviour, music is able to arouse ordinary emotions in listeners. This, in turn, makes possible the representation of emotion by music. The representation of emotion in music gives music the capacity to provide psychological insight-into the emotional lives of composers, and the emotional lives of individuals from a variety of times and places. And it is this capacity of music to provide psychological insight which explains a good deal of the value of music, both vocal and purely instrumental. Without it, music could not be experienced as profound. Philosophers, psychologists, musicians, musicologists, and music lovers will all find something of interest in this book.
The aesthetics of matter : modernism, the avant-garde and material exchange
The languages of performance in British romanticism
Reading between the lines : Claude Simon and the visual arts
Experimental Workshop : Japan 1951-1958 : Annely Juda Fine Art, London, 29 October - 18 December 2009 / [essays: Jasia Reichardt ... [et al.]
Bloom's old sweet song : essays on Joyce and music
The art of grafted song : citation and allusion in the age of Machaut
Richard Wagner & the synthesis of the arts
Prometheus in music : representations of the myth in the romantic era
Dance, politics & co-immunity
Rapture : art's seduction by fashion since 1970
Photography and literature in the twentieth century
Perform, repeat, record : live art in history
Painter and poet in ancient Greece : iconography and the literary arts
The eye of the poet : studies in the reciprocity of the visual and literary arts from the Renaissance to the present
Neue Sachlichkeit and Avant-Garde
Performance, politics, and the war on terror : "whatever it takes"
The dream of Fluxus : George Maciunas : an artist's biography
Beyond disciplines : an action research investigating how to plan, implement and reflect on an interdisciplinary unit with visual arts and physical education
Art & science : creative fusion
The Routledge Reader in Gender and Performance presents the most influential and widely-known, critical work on gender and performing arts, together with exciting and provocative new writings. It provides systematically arranged articles to guide the reader from topic to topic, and specially linked articles by scholars and teachers to explain key issues and put the extracts in context.
Writing in context = L'écriture en contexte : French literature, theory and the avant gardes = littérature, théorie et avant-gardes françaises au XXe siècle
Film and literature : an introduction and reader
George Maciunas : the dream of Fluxus : an artist ́s biography / Thomas Kellein
Victorian contexts : literature and the visual arts
Music and the arts : proceedings from ICMS 7
Convergences in music & art : a bibliographic study
The twentieth-century performance reader
Opera and the uses of language : Mozart, Verdi, and Britten
This volume proposes an in-depth exploration of the materiality of art and writing in modernism and the avant-garde. The essays explore how the avant-gardes and modernism attempted to establish the material specificity and hybridityof media and art forms. The collection sheds light on the full range and import of the aesthetics of matter in avant-garde and modernist practice across all art forms from the 19th century to the present day.
Music and sciences
Performance art of Korea : 1967 - 2007 : [National Museum of Contemporary Art, Korea, August 24 - October 28, 2007] / [texts: Mi-kyung Kim...[et al.]]
