http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4119 radio networks
radio networks
Evaluations and analysis of IR-UWB receivers for personal medical communications
"The principles of cognition are becoming increasingly important in the areas of signal processing, communications and control. In this groundbreaking book, Simon Haykin, a pioneer in the field and an award-winning researcher, educator and author, sets out the fundamental ideas of cognitive dynamic systems. Weaving together the various branches of study involved, he demonstrates the power of cognitive information processing and highlights a range of future research directions. The book begins with a discussion of core topics such as cognition and sensing, dealing, in particular, with the perception-action cycle. Bayesian filtering, machine learning and dynamic programming are then addressed. Building on these foundations, there is detailed coverage of two important practical applications, cognitive radar and cognitive radio. Blending theory and practice, this insightful book is aimed at all graduate students and researchers looking for a thorough grounding in this fascinating field"--
The ARRL Handbook : for radio communications
Coordinated multi-antenna techniques for cellular networks : pilot signaling and decentralized optimization in TDD mode
Utilizing context in location-aware short-range wireless communication
Developing a concept of a process based project model for radio nerwork planning projects
Towards robust spectrum sensing in cognitive radio networks
Dependable cognitive wireless networking : modelling and design
HSDPA/HSUPA for UMTS : high speed radio access for mobile communications
Understanding UMTS radio network modelling, planning and automated optimisation : theory and practice
Quality of service and resource management in IP and wireless networks
Comparison of Parameters and Listing of Major Differences Between Ericsson WRAN P6.1 and WRAN P7 Systems
An IP capable data link layer protocol for narrow band half-duplex packet data radio networks
Coordination and adaptation techniques for efficient resource utilization in cognitive radio networks
WCDMA radio network performance
Performance extension and evaluation of vehicular Ad-hoc networks
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
Web application development using Struts-web element manager
Effective capacity evaluation of advanced wideband CDMA and UWB radio networks
Radio systems for technicians
Wireless LANs
MSS Pooling and Radio Network Configuration
Abstract: Web application development using Struts-web element manager.
Drinking water quality and network materials in Finland : summary report
Detecting cellular network anomalies using the knowledge discovery process
Energy efficiency of wireless access : impact of power amplifiers and load variations
Cognitive radio (CR) is becoming a promising tool for solving the problem of the scarce radio resource and spectrum inefficiency. Spectrum sensing (signal detection) enables real-time detection of spectrum holes by unlicensed secondary users (SUs) in cognitive radio networks (CRNs). In this thesis, performance analysis of CRNs and radio resource allocation are considered. A continuous time Markov chain (CTMC) based analytical model taking into account all relevant elements as well as addressing the issue of the false alarm rate (FAR) associated with the continuous sensing is developed. In some cases, the PU can be modeled as time-slotted with constant state (transmitting or not) in each slot. In this case, assuming SU can synchronize to the slots, its intuitive to use beginning of a slot for sensing and rest (possibly) for communication. For this model, M/D/1 priority queueing scheme has been applied in this thesis to find waiting time and queue length for PU and SU.Multiple access among SUs in a time-slotted channel is considered next. A conventional method is e.g. using a channel access probability ψ in each slot similar to the slotted ALOHA. A radically new idea is introduced in this thesis: why not increase the false alarm probability PFA of each SU and use it as a multiple access method?A game theoretic approach to radio resource allocation for the downlink capacity providing fair resource sharing among mobile nodes located along a multihop link is presented. Furthermore, the problem of resource allocations in heterogeneous wireless networks is also studied.Finally, device-to-device (D2D) communication - with localized distribution, where users tend to gather around some areas (clusters/hot-spots) within the cell such as buildings is studied. Theoretical analysis with two dimensional clustering is presented including cases with correlated clusters. Correlation in cluster selection is shown to significantly improve performance.
LTE-advanced : technology and performance analysis
Efficient VoIP support in OFDMA-based packet radio networks
Mass media statistics
Security measurement for LTE/SAE during single radio voice call continuity (SRVCC)
Consideration of using 3G cellular network to monitor ABB’s remote circuit breakers
Coordinated beamforming in cellular and cognitive radio networks
Equalization of MIMO channels in LTE-Advanced
Cooperative interference and radio resource management in self-organizing small cell networks
RF-repeater performance assessment and planning guidelines for WCDMA networks
Techno-economics of radio access networks: case of Finland
WCDMA HSPA performance counters for monitoring 3G-radio access network
Media access control and time synchronization in delay-sensitive multi-channel wireless sensor networks
Algorithms and performance evaluation methods for wireless networks
Dependable cognitive wireless networking:modelling and design
GPRS in wireless data : functioning and design of the network
WCDMA for UMTS : radio access for third generation mobile communications
ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2007
On performance analysis of cognitive radios
Cryptographic security designs and hardware architectures for wireless local area networks
Applications of digital wireless technologies to global wireless communications
Microwave mobile communications
Mobile radio networks : networking and protocols
Interfaces of the server blocks in measurement handling in 3rd generation radio network controller (RNC)
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
The planning and optimisation of DVB-H radio network
Localization in wireless sensor networks using a mobile robot
The UMTS air-interface in RF engineering : design and operation of UMTS networks
Algorithms for positioning with nonlinear measurement models and heavy-tailed and asymmetric distributed additive noise
Cognitive wireless communication networks
Implementation of load directed roaming and power budget algorithms in Nokia TETRA radio unit
The calculation and distribution of cell load
Aspects of radio network topology planning in cellular WCDMA
WCDMA for UMTS : HSPA evolution and LTE
Improving LTE based radio network performance through Self Optimization
Energy efficiency improvements for wireless sensor
networks by using cross-layer analysis
Mobile broadcasting wit WiMAX : principles, technology, and applications
Cooperative spectrum sensing schemes for future dynamic spectrum access infrastructures
Content distribution using wireless broadcast and multicast communication networks
A study of TD-CDMA and WCDMA radio network enhancements
Strategy for wireless transmission disturbances detection and identification in industrial wireless sensor networks
Cooperative communications : hardware, channel & PHY
Ultra-wideband wireless communications and networks
Planning under uncertainty for large-scale problems with applications to wireless networking
Scheduling and admission control in opportunistic systems
Multiobjective optimization of a transmission link selection problem
Mapping the Somali media : an overview
Cognitive Radio, Software Defined Radio, and Adaptive Wireless Systems
Design and evaluation of self-healing solutions for future wireless networks
The ARRL antenna book
Extension of message routing service between exchange and base station in TETRA network
This doctoral thesis presents a novel method for detecting and identifying radio channel disturbances. Wireless transmission in factory environments occasionally becomes degraded due to harsh radio signal propagation conditions. The most disruptive disturbances are caused by other wireless devices (co-channel and adjacent interference), environmental characteristics such as metal constructions and heavy equipment (signal fading), and electrical and mechanical equipment (noise). We have performed extensive measurements in different industrial environments to study the effects of different radio channel disturbances on signal propagation. The obtained measurement results led us to develop signal analysis methods and a disturbance detector based on a classifier. The classifier was tested in a real industrial environment; these tests showed an encouraging detection performance.Signal analysis is performed both in time and frequency domains. In the time domain, the probability density function (PDF) method is used. It is based on detecting the PDF shape variations calculated from the received signal and their correlation to the environmental changes in the radio channel. In the frequency domain, spectrogram analysis is performed. Here, we calculate the spectrogram of each received data packet, and by applying image analysis tools on the spectrograms, we obtain the required information on the received signal and on other radio transmissions which may have disturbed our radio signal transmission. The recognition and identification of the radio channel disturbances is based on the fusion of the signal magnitude analysis (PDF) and spectrogram analysis with a classifier.We also discuss the development process of a classifier-based tool towards an embedded solution. The classifier was developed and extensively tested using USPR N210, ETTUS SDR (Software Defined Radio). The classifier proved to be a feasible solution for detecting and identifying reliability flaws of wireless transmission in the industrial environment, and will be further developed into a portable, small-sized SDR-based tool.
Indoor planning in broadband cellular radio networks
Nanoscale sensor networks : the THz band as a communication channel
Low power synchronization in wireless network
Contributions to analysis and mitigation of cochannel interference in cellular wireless networks
Channel switching in a Radio Network Controller
UMTS radio network planning, optimization, and QOS management for practical engineering tasks
Principles of digital communication systems and computer networks
TETRA : the advocate's handbook
Inband relaying in long term evolution-advanced networks
Wireless communications and networking
Principles of cognitive radio
Assessment of network layouts for CDMA radio access
Quality of service in radio access networks
Performance analysis of cognitive radio networks and radio resource allocation
Radio network planning and optimisation for WCDMA
This thesis focuses on THz band channel modeling and characterization. This vast frequency band spans from 100 GHz to 10 THz. The approximately 10,000 GHz bandwidth together with advances in THz capable electronics have made this band highly potential for many future applications, e.g., imaging and nanodevice-to-nanodevice communications. The latter is the reference application of this thesis and it focuses on the communication among very small and simple devices. The main focus of the thesis is on the THz channel characterization. Therefore, the channel models presented herein are also suitable for communications at macroscopic scale.The THz band offers opportunities, but has many problems as well. One of these is molecular absorption, which causes frequency selective fading to signals. The fading is caused by the signals' energy absorption in the resonance frequencies of the molecules in the communication medium. Based on the conservation of energy, the absorption is understood to cause a new type of noise in the THz links: transmission induced noise. This noise component is analyzed from multiple physical viewpoints. The THz signals have short enough wavelengths to theoretically allow scattering on aerosols in the atmosphere. Scattering causes frequency dependent loss of the signals, but also a signal spread in time over multiple scattering events. It is shown here that in some speciﬁc atmospheric conditions the scattering causes signal loss and time spread. In addition to the theoretical channel models, measurements on a variety of propagation phenomena are conducted and analyzed. These include penetration losses, rough surface reﬂections and scattering, and diffraction. Through the measurements, it can be shown that the THz band communications is feasible in non-line-of-sight (NLOS) conditions in spite of the above phenomena.In the last part of this thesis, stochastic geometry is applied to the THz band in order to estimate the mean interference power and outage probabilities in dense networks formed from nanodevices. Because of the large losses in the channel, large interference levels require large numbers of devices. Stochastic geometry offers perfect tools to estimate the mean interference, and also in the case of directional antennas, which are most likely implemented in all the THz band devices due to large power losses in the channel.
Spectrum sharing using cognitive radio system capabilities : methods to obtain and exploit knowledge of spectrum availability
Cognitive radio networks : architectures, protocols, and standards
Distributed statistics in radio network controller
Resource allocation in wireless access network : a queueing theoretic approach
You and your Tetra Radio
Cognitive dynamic systems : perception--action cycle, radar, and radio
