http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4110 set design
set design
The stagecraft handbook
Objects as actors : props and the poetics of performance in Greek tragedy
Designing dreams : modern architecture in the movies
On the art of the theatre
The Cambridge introduction to scenography
Cold vengeance
British theatre design 1979-1983
Ken Adam designs the movies : James Bond and beyond
The staging of plays before Shakespeare
The handbook of model-making for set designers
Minority report
Create your own stage sets
Designing for the theatre
The staging handbook
The Stanford prison experiment
Affective space : theory and practice
Julie Taymor : playing with fire : theater, opera, film
Designing for the stage
A theatrical designer must address two questions when designing a production: What is the play about and what is the play like? To find the metaphor within a play is to unlock inspired and unique design concepts. Theatrical Design: An Introduction is about how to find the design idea for a production and what to do with that idea once identified. This book emphasizes script analysis and interpretation specifically for designers: how to release meaning and design inspiration from lines and characterization in a script. It then explains the artistic elements and principles of design—the skills necessary to create the design visualized. Concepts are illustrated with examples from theatre, film, art, architecture, and fashion that explore professional and historic use of conceptualization and metaphor. Theatrical Design: An Introduction imparts the tools designers need to innovate off the page.
Special event production : the resources
Set designer and architect Eliisa Rintanen
The Godfather : DVD collection : bonus materials
World scenography : 1975-1990
The art direction handbook for film
Mark Fisher : staged architecture
The making of Eurovision Song Contest Athens
Ralph Koltai : designer for the stage
Prague quadrennial 2003 : 10th international exhibition of scenography and theatre architecture
Arctic light : spaces, illusions & productions
Scene painting projects for theatre
Stage source book : props
The French stage and playhouse in the XVIIth century : a study in the advent of the Italian order
Production design in the contemporary American film : a critical study of 23 movies and their designers
Teaching Introduction to Theatrical Design is a week-by-week guide that helps instructors who are new to teaching design, teaching outside of their fields of expertise, or looking for better ways to integrate and encourage non-designers in the design classroom. This book provides a syllabus to teach foundational theatrical design by illustrating process and application of the principals of design in costumes, sets, lights, and sound.
Scene painting and design
The art of scenic design : a pictorial analysis of stage setting and its relation to theatrical production
Scene design and stage lighting
Scene design in the American theatre from 1915 to 1960
The skeptical scenographer : essays on theatrical design and human nature
Dance production : design and technology
Gladiator : the making of the Ridley Scott epic
Gordon Craig's Moscow Hamlet : a reconstruction
The scenography of Josef Svoboda
Settings and costumes of the modern stage
Music and the art of the theatre
The Operas of Benjamin Britten
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
Erte's costumes & sets for Der Rosenkavalier in full color
Mime time : 45 complete routines for everyone
Stage design throughout the world since 1950
This new study of Shakespeare's English history plays looks at the plays through the lens of early modern staging, focusing on the recurrence of particular stage pictures and 'units of action', and seeking to show how these units function in particular and characteristic ways within the history plays.
The Lord of the rings : the art of the fellowship of the ring
The prop building guidebook : for theatre, film, and tv
Create your own stage props
The craft and art of scenic design : strategies, concepts, and resources
Storytelling through animation
Architecture + film II
For how long does it take to be assembled?
Designing and drawing for the theatre
Make a film!
Her pain is constant. And the danger is real. Monica suffers from chronic neuropathic pain. Every second of her life is spent in agony, and she is coping with it the best she can. However, there are whole years of her life which are a blur to her. Then Monica finds a suicide note, in her handwriting, saying she is going to end it all. Did she write it? She has no memory of doing so and as she reads the message again, she begins to suspect that someone tried to kill her once - and now they're trying to do so again.
Shakespeare and the staging of English history
Entertainment rigging : a practical guide for riggers, designers, and managers
The secret of theatrical space
Visual pre-production process in Martha's Room and The Rule projects
American set design 2
Why build sets at all?
Locus : space, landscape, decor in modern French fiction
Theatrical space : a guide for directors and designers
Putešestvie v teatral'nom prostranstve : Anatolij Vasil'ev i Igor' Popov: scenografiâ i teatr = A journey in theatrical space : Anatoly Vasiliev and Igor Popov: scenography and theatre. 100̌. 2, Al'bom
Design for the ballet
Create your own stage effects
Special effects in television
Constructed realities : the art of staged photography
The theater props handbook : a comprehensive guide to theater properties, materials and constructions
An early 20th century novel by Louis-Ferdinand Céline : my cinematic dissection of a transposed segment
From melancholy to humour
The affair
The Lord of the rings : the art of the two towers
Design drafting for the entertainment world : theatre, motion pictures, television, trade shows, amusement park scenery, computer-drafted scenery, virtual scenery
Film architecture : set designs from Metropolis to Blade Runner
Uutta suomalaista skenografiaa = Contemporary Finnish scenography : Illusion 2010 ; [toimittanut Antti Mattila]
A burned-down stage as symbol of violence
Star Wars : the phantom menace : the expanded visual dictionary
Stage design: praxis and theory : affective space
The man with the golden eye
The ghost riders of Ordebec
Theater of reason, theater of desire : the art of Alexandre Benois and Léon Bakst
Stages of the world : a pictorial survey of the theatre
Star Trek : the art of the film
Evolving design for performance ; 2015 - National Centre for the Performing Arts
Theatre design and technology
Adventures of a Russian puppet theatre : including its discoveries in making and performing with hand-puppets, rod-puppets and shadow-figures, now disclosed for all
Design in the theatre
Staged - a stage to dwell
Theatrical design : an introduction
Hockney paints the stage
Stage manager : the professional experience
Adolphe Appia : theatre artist
Careers in technical theater
Otakar Schindler,scénograf a malíř = Otakar Schindler, stage designer and painters = Otakar Schindler bühnenbildner und maler
Patronage, spectacle and the stage
Russian stage design : scenic innovation, 1900-1930 : from the collection of Mr. and Mrs. Nikita D. Lobanov-Rostovsky
Contemporary stage design U.S.A
The book of Alien
Atelier Brückner : "form follows content"
Sets in motion : art direction and film narrative
From page to stage : how theatre designers make connections between scripts and images
The doorman = Vahtimestari
The twilight saga : the complete film archive : memories, mementos and other treasures from the creative team behind the beloved motion pictures
Essentials of stage-planning
Star Trek : action!
Harry Potter : page to screen : the complete filmmaking journey
Conducting light
Designs for the theatre
Jocelyn Herbert : a theatre workbook
The Craft and Art of Scenic Design: Strategies, Concepts, and Resources explores how to design stage scenery from a practical and conceptual perspective. Discussion of conceptualizing the design through script analysis and research is followed by a comprehensive overview of execution: collaboration with directors and other designers, working with spaces, developing an effective design process, and the aesthetics of stage design. This book features case studies, key words, tip boxes, definitions, and chapter exercises. Additionally, it provides advice on portfolio and career development, contracts, and working with a union.
Make-Up, Costumes & Masks for the Stage
The TV Scenic designs of Joze Spacal
American set design
Art direction for film and video
The Barcelona brothers
Star Wars : the complete visual dictionary
The complete book of drawing for the theatre
Teaching introduction to theatrical design : a process-based syllabus in costumes, scenery, and lighting
Technical drawing for stage design
Past sins
Immersed in illusion : an ecological approach to the virtual set / Katriina Pajunen
The making of Star Wars, revenge of the Sith
Stage design : four centuries of scenic invention
Unsettling opera : staging Mozart, Verdi, Wagner and Zemlinsky
Cinema alchemist : how I built the lightsaber and won an Oscar :  designing Star Wars & Alien : a memoir
Television production handbook
The continental method of scene painting
A short history of scene design in Great Britain
The history and theory of environmental scenography
The handbook of set design
Theatrical design and production : an introduction to scene design and construction, lighting, sound, costume, and makeup
Stagecraft
Theatre and performance design : a reader in scenography
A return to craft
Putting on a play
Scenic design and lighting techniques : a basic guide for theatre
