http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4115 disarmament
disarmament
The Challenge of sub-regional security in West Africa : the case of the 2006 ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons
The Security trap : arms race, militarism and disarmament : a concern for Christians
Computer-aided techniques for the verification of chemical disarmament. E. 1., Verification database
Outer space and peace
SIPRI yearbook 1997 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Final report of the Socialist International study group on disarmament (Socialist International Congress, Madrid, 13-16 Nov. 1980)
Gun control in the Third Reich : disarming the Jews and "enemies of the state"
The game of disarmament : how the United States and Russia run the arms race
Global issues in the United Nations' framework
Building the future order : the search for peace in an interdependent world
Anarchism : a documentary history of libertarian ideas. Vol. 2, The emergence of the new anarchism (1939-1977)
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1998, 4 : Weapons of war : the challenge of disarmament
Britain and the Geneva Disarmament Conference
Standard operating procedures for the verification of chemical disarmament. D 2, Second proposal for procedures supporting the reference database
The Soviet view of disarmament
Budgeting for disarmament : the costs of war and peace
The CTBT and beyond
Socialist International conference on disarmament : Tampere, Finland, 5-6 September 1990.
The foundations of defensive defence
New directions in disarmament
Arms control and disarmament in outer space : lecture-seminars given at the Centre for Research of Air and Space Law. 1
SIPRI yearbook 1986 : world armaments and disarmament
The United Nations disarmament yearbook
Economic and social aspects of disarmament : contributions from East and West Europe
Chemical disarmament : some problems of verification : an examination of the types of data to be reported internationally from economic, statistical and other methods by a national verification organization controlling potential chemical warfare materials
Assuring the success of the non-proliferation treaty extension conference : excerpts from the panel discussions organized by the NGO Committee on Disarmament, Inc., at the Conference held at the United Nations in New York, 20-21 April, 1994.
SIPRI yearbook 1991 : world armaments and disarmament
Summary (s. xv-xxxvvv).
SIPRI yearbook
Defended to death : a study of the nuclear arms race
Making peace possible : the promise of economic conversion
The diplomacy of disarmament
SIPRI yearbook 1998 : armaments, disarmament and international security
SIPRI yearbook 1996 : armaments, disarmament and international security
SIPRI yearbook 1999 : armaments, disarmament and international security
The unfinished disarmament agenda
Peace theology and the arms race : readings on arms and disarmament
A basis for arms control
Science and ethical responsibility : proceedings of the U.S. Student Pugwash Conference, University of California, San Diego, June 19-26, 1979
Socialist International Disarmament Advisory Council (SIDAC) meeting in Rome 5 June 1989.
Systematic identification of mycotoxins
Disarmament and employment : a study on the employment aspects of military spending and on the possibilities to convert arms production to civilian production
Making weapons, talking peace : a physicist's odyssey from Hiroshima to Geneva
New weapon technologies & the ABM treaty
SIPRI yearbook 2002 : armaments, disarmament and international security
My country and the world
Research, education and information on disarmament
Zero option
The destruction of chemical weapons and chemical warfare agents
Ending violent conflict
Mechanism of security and disarmament problems in Europe
Armaments and disarmament in the nuclear age : a handbook
The dead hand : the untold story of the Cold War arms race and its dangerous legacy
Freeze! : how you can help prevent nuclear war
International nuclear proliferation : multilateral diplomacy and regional aspects
SIPRI yearbook 1987 : world armaments and disarmament
Arms control and disarmament : American views and studies
SIPRI yearbook 2001 : armaments, disarmament and international security
The denuclearisation of the oceans
Abstract (s. 1).
Science and technology and their implications for peace and security
Air monitoring as a means for verification of chemical disarmament. Part 2, Field tests
Nuclear policy and security on the eve of the 21st Century, St. Petersburg, Russia, June 1999 : conference reader
Study on all the aspects of regional disarmament : report of the Secretary-General
Disarmament and world economic interdependence
Disarmament : problems related to outer space
Disarmament vocabulary in the light of the general assembly resolutions of The United Nations
Religion and war resistance in the Plowshares movement
Disarm or die : a disarmament reader for the leaders and the peoples of the world
The United States and the rule of law in international affairs
Issues in world politics
Status of multilateral arms regulation and disarmament agreements. Vol. 1
Common security : a programme for disarmament : the report of the Independent Commission on Disarmament and Security Issues
A documentaryHistory of Arms Control and Disarmament
Peace and disarmament : academic studies. 1982
SIPRI yearbook 1995 : armaments, disarmament and international security
First steps to disarmament : a new approach to the problems of arms reductions
Arms control and disarmament in outer space : lecture seminars given at the Centre for Research in Air and Space Law. 3
Aiming for prevention : International Medical Conference on Small Arms, Gun Violence and Injury : executive summary conference papers September 28-30, 2001 Paasitorni Conference Centre, Helsinki, Finland
Arms control and disarmament in outer space : lecture seminars given at the Centre for Research in Air and Space Law. 2
Chemical and biological warfare developments : 1985
Nuclear non-proliferation and global order
The United Nations and disarmament 1945-1985
Disarmament and nuclear weapons
The nuclear years : the arms race and arms control, 1945-70
The crucible of peace : common security in Europe
SIPRI yearbook 2000 : armaments, disarmament and international security
The current U.S. reset policy with Russia involves efforts to blaze a path of mutual cooperation on arms control and proliferation. In arms control, we see determined administration attempts to promote greater nuclear reductions in the direction of nuclear zero, including reductions in tactical nuclear weapons. This necessarily leads Moscow to raise issues of missile defense in Europe that it vehemently opposes. This monograph analyzes Russia's position on these arms control issues and examines the chances for the United States to achieve its arms control goals in the foreseeable future. It also looks at the Russian position with regard to the main nonproliferation issues of Iran and North Korea, what the implications of these positions are for the achievement of U.S. policy goals, and what the United States might do with regard to Russia to advance those goals in a dynamic international environment.
The analysis of competing hypotheses (ACH) in the assessment of chemical warfare activities
General and complete disarmament is a guarantee of peace and security for all nations : speech at World congress for general Disarmament and Peace, delivered July 10, 1962
SIPRI yearbook 2004 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Treaty on conventional armed forces in Europe
The Sandefjord report on disarmament and development : report from the Conference on disarmament and development, arranged and co-sponsored by the Norwegian Committee for Arms Control and Disarmament and the Royal Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, at Park Hotel, Sandefjord, May 6-7, 1980.
European non-proliferation policy 1993-1995
The Soviet Union and disarmament : an appraisal of Soviet attitudes and intentions
Relationship between disarmament and international security : report of the Secretary-General
Arms control and proliferation challenges to the reset policy
Facing the threat of nuclear weapons
Armament and disarmament : questions and answers
Disarmament : who's against?
Economic and social consequences of disarmament : report of the Secretary-General transmitting the study of his consultative group
SIPRI yearbook 2003 : armaments, disarmament and international security
The war machine : the case against the arms race
Modelling and analysis in arms control : NATO advanced research workshop ... Spitzingsee/FRG, October 20-25, 1985
SIPRI yearbook 2005 : armaments, disarmament and international security
SIPRI yearbook 1994 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Steps towards European nuclear disarmament : two papers for the Rome consultation on European nuclear disarmament, sponsored by signatories to the "Russell" appeal and the Bertrand Russell Peace Foundation
Testing of procedures on simulated military facility samples. F.3
Analysis of a proposal to establish an international disarmament fund for development
Automatic monitoring in verification of chemical disarmament : a workshop in 12-14 February 1987, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
The United Nations and disarmament since 1945
Disarmament and development : a global perspective
Disarmament : progress towards peace
Economic and social consequences of disarmament : replies of governments and communications from international organizations : report of the Secretary-General transmitting the study of his consultative group
Sociology, war and disarmament : studies in peace research
Disarmament and Soviet policy, 1964-1968
Reversing the arms race : how to achieve and verify deep reductions in the nuclear arsenals
Real-world nuclear deterrence : the making of international strategy
Without the bomb : the politics of nuclear nonproliferation
Nonproliferation primer : preventing the spread of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons
French security policy in a disarming world : domestic challenges and international constraints
Disarmament and development : reporting from the conference in Sandefjord, May 6-7 1980
The verification issue in United Nations disarmament negotiations
Soviet 'reasonable sufficiency' and Norwegian security
Militarism and the world military order : a study guide for churches
SIPRI yearbook 1993 : world armaments and disarmament
The Finnish research project on the verification of chemical disarmament : publication of The Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland
The United Nations disarmament yearbook. Vol. 12
Proceedings of the forty-eighth Pugwash Conference on Science and World Affairs, Jurica, Mexico, 29 September-4 October 1998 : the long roads to peace
Security dilemmas in Scandinavia : evaporated nuclear options and indigenous Conventional capabilities
Endgame : the inside story of Salt 2
The nuclear non-proliferation treaty : origin and implementation 1959-1979
The UN's role in nation-building : from the Congo to Iraq
Conventional disarmament : a legal framework and some perspectives
Friendship among nations as a road to peace : role of the public in developing the constructive dialogue for the benefit of peace and mutual understanding
Symposium on verification of disarmament in Europe : [Saltsjöbaden, Stockholm, August 19-22, 1985]
NBC 2003 : symposium proceedings
SIPRI yearbook 1989 : world armaments and disarmament
War and conscience in the nuclear age
Alva Myrdal in international affairs : reports from the scholarly conference on "Alva Myrdal's questions to our time" held at Uppsala University, March 2002
Why movements matter : the West German peace movement and U.S. arms control policy
Air monitoring as a means for verification of chemical disarmament. Part 3, Further development and testing of methods
Nuclear deterrence, morality and realism
Cooperation in the maintenance of peace and security, and disarmament
The nuclear seduction : why the arms race doesn't matter and what does
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
Conversion : economic adjustments in an era of arms reduction. Vol. 2.
Disarmament and the conversion of arms industries to civil production : a review of possibilities and experiences in Western Europe
The non-proliferation treaty : political and technological prospects and dangers in 1990 : a SIPRI research report
In quest of nuclear disarmament : proceedings Asahi International Symposium : March 29-31, 1983/ Tokyo, Japan
Security without nuclear weapons? : different perspectives on non-nuclear security
Militarization and arms production
Participatory monitoring of humanitarian mine action : giving voice to citizens of Nicaragua, Mozambique and Cambodia
Prime Minister Kalevi Sorsa's address of welcome at the opening of the Socialist International's Disarmament Conference in Helsinki on 24.4.1978
Geography and social movements : comparing antinuclear activism in the Boston area
SIPRI yearbook 1988 : world armaments and disarmament
A world at peace : common security in the twenty-first century
Problems of security and disarmament : non-offensive defence as an alternative approach to security and naval disarmament in the Arctic
Towards a world free from nuclear weapons : why South Africa gave up the nuclear option
The Finnish research project on seismological verification of nuclear tests : publication of The Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland
50th Pugwash symposium on disengagement in Europe towards arms reductions and weapon-free zones, Prague, Czechoslovakia 14-17 April 1988
The relationship between disarmament & development : questions & answers
Disarmament and peace in British politics 1914-1919
Responding to new realities in disarmament : excerpts from the panel discussions organized by the United Nations Department of Public Information, the United Nations Centre for Disarmament Affairs and the NGO Committee on Disarmament, Inc., at the Disarmament Week Symposium held at the United Nations in New York, 26-27 October 1993.
[Collected works of Leo Szilard]. Vol. 3, Toward a livable world : Leo Szilard and the crusade for nuclear arms control
Agreement now on elimination of Soviet and US intermediate-range missiles in Europe
Finnish disarmament policy
International arms control : issues and agreements
Nuclear war and nuclear peace
Making peace pay : a bibliography on disarmament and conversion
Military technology, armaments dynamics and disarmament : ABC weapons, military use of nuclear energy and of outer space and implications for international law
The logic of deterrence
The problem of chemical and biological warfare. Vol. 5, The prevention of CBW
The treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons : a study based on the five principles of UN general assembly resolution 2028 (XX)
Verification : how much is enough?
A legal approach to verification in disarmament or arms limitation
The CND story : the first 25 years of CND in the words of the people involved
The chemistry of regime formation : explaining international cooperation for a comprehensive ban on chemical weapons
A documentary History of Arms Control and Disarmament
This Discussion Paper provides insights into the challenges posed by the proliferation of small arms and light weapons in West Africa, paying particular attention to the ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons as a collective sub-regional response to a potent threat to peace, security and development. It connects global and regional discourses on illicit arms control and provides a balanced, empirical examination of the performance of the convention. It is a useful contribution to debates on arms-proliferation control in Africa and provides well-informed recommendations of interest to scholars, peace activists, policy practitioners and strategists working on peace and security in Africa
Peace and disarmament : academic studies. 1980
SIPRI yearbook 1992 : world armaments and disarmament
SIPRI yearbook 1990 : world armaments and disarmament
British writing on disarmament from 1914 to 1978 : a bibliography
Testing of existing procedures
Postures for non-proliferation : arms limitation and security policies to minimize nuclear proliferation
Standard operating procedures for the verification of chemical disarmament. D 1, A proposal for procedures supporting the reference database
Arms control for the late sixties
Non-proliferation : the why and the wherefore
Disarmament - the most urgent problem of today : speech at the Paasikivi Society 4th May 1979
Comparative analysis of evaluation methodologies in weapon collection programmes
Has man a future?
The arms race in an era of negotiations
Status of multilateral arms regulation and disarmament agreements. Vol. 2
Arms control and security : current issues
