http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4123 statues
statues
"Remove not the ancient landmark" : public monuments and moral values : discourses and comments in tribute to Rudolf Wittkower
Rodin's Thinker and the dilemmas of modern public sculpture
The Buddhist architecture of Gandhara
Veistoksia Turussa = Statyer i Åbo = Sculptures in Turku
Riga's Monuments and Decorative Sculptures
Shabtis : an introduction to the history of ancient Egyptian funerary statuettes with a catalogue of the collection of shabtis in the National Museum of Antiquities at Leiden. Part 3, Illustrations
Ceramics for gardens and landscapes
Mysterious places
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. Vol. 6, Northern Yorkshire
Conservation of building & decorative stone
Aphrodisias is one of the most important ancient cities of the Greek and Roman period to survive to the present day. The city was a leading centre of sculpture production and the statues and reliefs worked from the easily carved marbles of the region by Aphrodisian sculptors were renowned throughout the classical world, from Africa to Rome.
Politics, civic ideals and sculpture in Italy c. 1240-1400
Shabtis : an introduction to the history of ancient Egyptian funerary statuettes with a catalogue of the collection of shabtis in the National Museum of Antiquities at Leiden. Part 2, A catalogue of the collection of shabtis in the National Museum of Antiquities at Leiden
Roman portraits
The Bronze Horseman : Falconet's monument to Peter the Great
Art from Ingres to Pollock : painting and sculpture since neoclassicism : an exhibition inaugurating Alfred L. Kroeber Hall and the galleries of the art department of the university of California, Berkeley, March 6 - April 3 1960.
Himalayan bronzes : technology, style, and choices
Treasures in gold : masterpieces of jewelry from antiquity to modern times
Monumental'naâ i dekorativnaâ skul'ptura Leningrada = Monumental and decorative sculpture of Leningrad
Aphrodisias : results of the excavations at Aphrodisias in Caria. 2, Roman portrait statuary from Aphrodisias
Vanishing street furniture
Liberty  : the French-American Statue in art and history
The mutilation of the Herms : unpacking an ancient mystery
The horses of San Marco, Venice
The Buddhas of Bamiyan
The Qin dynasty terra-cotta army of dreams
The Tyrant-slayers of Kritios and Nesiotes
Greek and Roman erotica
Aphrodisias'tan Roma Portreleri = Roman portraits from Aphrodisias
Aphrodisias papers. 4. New research on the city and its monuments
Animals in stone : Indian mammals sculptured through time
The case of the missing statue : a historical and literary study of the Stalin monument in Prague
Apostolies of zinc
The good thief's guide to Amsterdam
A piece of dionysian hilarity
Lady Liberty : a biography
This study concludes that Greek women routinely wore the veil. The Greeks, popularly credited with the invention of civic openness, are revealed as also part of a more Eastern tradition of seclusion. Literature and sculpture and vase painting is examined in evidence.
100 greatest manmade wonders
French sculpture following the Franco-Prussian War, 1870-1880 : realist allegories and the commemoration of defeat
The Spirit of Finland is tangible piece of aluminum, but by its formation it shows S's: Suomi, Sisu, Swan, Sibelius, Sun, and of course, Sauna. These are some of the intangibles that the Finnish Heritage Museum's new sculpture invokes. The new, recently installed, 14 foot abstract aluminum piece graces the front of the Museum on High Street in Fairport Harbor, Ohio..
Ignác František Platzer (1717-1787) : Sv. Jan Nepomucký : dar Rainera Kreissla Národní Galerii (sic) v Praze = St. John of Nepomuk : a donation by Rainer Kreissl to the National Gallery in Prague
The statues of Paris : an open-air Pantheon : the history of statues to great men
Kingdom of the golden dragon
The hanging Marsyas and its copies : Roman innovations in a Hellenistic sculptural tradition
Afrodisyas Sebasteion ; Sevgi Gönül Salonu = Aphrorodisias Sebasteion ; Sevgi Gönül Hall
This latest Corpus volume completes the cataloguing of the stone sculptures of Yorkshire, including pieces of the highest quality, and boosts our understanding of the artistic development of southern Northumbria in the Anglo-Saxon and Viking periods.
German memorials : in search of a difficult past : nation and national monuments in 19th and 20th century German history
Sculpting the human figure
Notes on some monuments in Afghanistan
Monuments / Masterpieces of architecture
Water fountains in the worldscape
Architectural and art monuments in Tallinn
"In this book, the first comprehensive history of the collecting of antiquities in Great Britain, Jonathan Scott gives portraits of the principal collectors, describes the mechanics of the art trade, excavation procedures and export regulations, and takes us to the beautiful sculpture galleries that were created for Castle Howard, Holkham, Newby and other imposing country seats. The book also explores the impact of antiquities on contemporary taste and explains why collecting Greek and Roman art fell out of fashion as tastes changed. Generously illustrated with views of the interiors of collectors' houses from the seventeenth century onward, Scott presents in copious detail the story of private British collectors of classical antiquities and the influence of their remarkable collections."--BOOK JACKET.
The wonders of the world : a popular and authentic account of the marvels of nature and of man as they exist to-day. Vol. 1
Eros in Greece
Spirit of Finland stands quietly and proudly
The sculpture 100 : England's public sculpture 1905-2005
Walking London's statues and monuments
Corinth : results of excavations conducted by The American School of Classical Studies at Athens. Vol. 18, Part 6, The Sanctuary of Demeter and Kore : the inscriptions
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. 4, South-East England
Power and pathos : bronze sculpture of the Hellenistic world
The Parthenon and its sculptures
The Elgin marbles : schould they be returned to Greece?
Great wonders of the world
Disarmed : the story of the Venus de Milo
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. Vol. 7, South-West England
Gardens of obsession : eccentric and extravagant visions
Metal casting of sculpture
Religious statues and personhood : testing the role of materiality
The art of Gandhara in the Metropolitan Museum of Art
13 sculptures children should know
Guide to the maintenance of outdoor sculpture
Roman sculpture in Asia Minor : proceedings of the International conference to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Italian excavations at Hierapolis in Phrygia, held on May 24-26, 2007, in Cavallino (Lecce)
The pleasures of antiquity : British collectors of Greece and Rome
1000 faces of god
Roman imperial statue bases : from Augustus to Commodus
Miniatures and sculptures of the late Sir Covasji Jehangir, Bart
Ancient & historic metals : conservation and scientific research : Proceedings of a Symposium org. by the Paul Getty Museum and the Getty Conservation Inst. Nov. 1991
Giovanni Civardi teaches the art of drawing statues, traditionally regarded as a valuable technique for learning how to draw the human form from life.
The Roman stonecutter : an introduction to Latin epigraphy
Elegant figurines : for home and garden
Aphrodite's tortoise : the veiled woman of ancient Greece
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. Vol. 9, Cheshire and Lancashire
Historische Polychromie : Skulpturenfassung in Deutschland und Japan = Historical polychromy : polychrome sculpture in Germany and Japan
The Bronzes of Rodin : catalogue of works in the Musée Rodin
Attalos, Athens, and the Akropolis : the Pergamene "Little Barbarians" and their Roman and renaissance legacy
Ahu - the ceremonial stone structures of Easter Island : analyses of variation and interpretation of meanings
The kiss of Apollo : photography & sculpture 1845 to the present
Leningrad : its monuments and architectural complexes
Around 1711 three life-size Roman marble statues of women were found near Portici on the bay of Naples. They were the first significant discoveries from the ancient city of Herculaneum, one of the towns buried in the a.d. 79 eruption of Mount Vesuvius and they became famous in Europe as the Large and Small Herculaneum Women. First brought to Vienna, they have been in the Antiquities Collection in Dresden since 1736. Their identities are still debated, but since Johann Joachim Winckelmann scholars have recognized the statues as key works in the history of classical ancient art.
Servant of Mut : studies in honor of Richard A. Fazzini
From t-shirt to gardenstatue
The elements of garden design : a source book of decorative ideas to transform the garden
Miniature sculpture from the Athenian Agora
Containing a catalogue of sculpture from the historic counties of Devon, Dorset, Somerset, and Wiltshire, this work provides a perspective on the artistic achievement of the late Saxon kingdom. It includes individual pieces of quality such as the Bradford-on-Avon and Winterbourne Steepleton angels and the figures from Congresbury.
Foreign, Gods, Inc
Fountains of Rome
The first hall of fame : a study of the statues in the Forum Augustum
Networks of stone : sculpture and society in archaic and classical Athens
The great tradition : Indian bronze masterpieces : specially published for the Festival of India
The terracotta warriors : the secret codes of the emperor's army
The Herculaneum women : history, context, identities
Sculptures and monuments in Helsinki
The dream of the moving statue
The study of Roman imperial statues has made remarkable strides in the last two decades. Yet the field's understandable focus on extant portraits has made it difficult to generalize accurately. Most notably, bronze was usually the material of choice, but its high scrap value meant that such statues were inevitably melted down, so that almost all surviving statues are of stone.
The nave sculpture of Vézelay : the art of monastic viewing
Clay shamans and stone jaguars : the ancient art of Ecuador
Royal palace and gothic statues of medieval Buda : guide to the exhibition of the Budapest Historical Museum
Qin Shihuang : die Terrakottaarmee des Ersten Chinesischen Kaisers = the terracotta army of the First Chinese Emperor
The Art and craft of Chainsaw carving
European bronzes : 1450-1700
The seven wonders of the world : a history of the modern imagination
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. Vol. 8, Western Yorkshire
The tyrant-slayers of Kritios and Nesiotes
Corrosion and conservation of cultural heritage metallic artefacts
Creative scarecrows : 35 fun figures for your yard & garden
Mythology pictures = Mythologische Bilder = Motifs mythologiques
Temples and sculptures of Bhubaneswar
Robert Stigell's The Shipwrecked : time, ideas and a living cityscapes
The seven wonders of the ancient world
Networks of Stone explores the social and creative processes of sculpture production in Athens in the sixth and fifth centuries BC. Using the concept of art worlds, it analyses the contributions and interactions of all those who were in some way part of creating the sculpture set up in the sanctuaries and cemeteries of Athens. The choices that were made not only by patrons and sculptors but also by traders in various materials and a range of craftsmen all influenced the final appearance of these works of art. By looking beyond the sculptor to the network of craftsmen and patrons that constituted the art world, this study offers new insights into well-known archaeological evidence and some of the highlights of classical art history.
Masterpieces of ancient Greek sculpture
The birth of art in Africa : Nok statuary in Nigeria
Indian and South-east Asian stone sculptures from the Avery Brundage Collection
Daibutsu : the great Buddha of Kamakura
Welded sculpture of the twentieth century
Appreciation of Dunhuang Grottoes : a selection of 50 caves: from the Mogao grottoes, Yulin grottoes and Western-Thousand Buddha grottoes
Introducing the mythological crescent : ancient beliefs and imagery connecting Eurasia with Anatolia
The art of Praxiteles. III, The advanced maturity of the sculptor
A tour of Italian gardens
The original copy : photography of sculpture, 1839 to today
Mannerheim in art and popular imagery / Juha Ilvas
South Indian bronzes
Sculpture parks & trails of Britain & Ireland
Principles of bronze sculpture, its making and unmaking : a study of outdoor bronze sculpture conservation
This volume provides a full analytical catalogue of all known pre-Norman sculpture from this region. As little documentary evidence survives from the area, the sculpture is vital to understanding the early development of the Church, the shifting relationships between communities, and the ways in which political affiliations gave access to a variety of cultural centers across England, Ireland, mainland Europe and Scandinavia. Among the significant carvings are the crosses at Sandbach with their elaborate figural sculpture and the delicate carvings from Halton and Hornby in the Lune valley. Much of the work is of the 10th- and 11th-century Viking period, and shows an intriguing mixture of Scandinavian-derived motifs alongside Christian iconography. Introductory chapters set the material within its historical, topographical and art-historical context.
European bronzes 1450-1700 / Lars Olof Larsson
The wolf and the raven
India : five thousand years of Indian art
Carmen Dionyse
Shabtis : an introduction to the history of ancient Egyptian funerary statuettes with a catalogue of the collection of shabtis in the National Museum of Antiquities at Leiden. Part 1, An introduction to the history of ancient Egyptian funerary statuettes
Auguste Rodin : sculptures and drawings
Liberty : the French-American statue in art and history
Corinth : results of excavations conducted by The American School of Classical Studies at Athens. Vol. 18, Part 5, The Sanctuary of Demeter and Kore : the terracotta sculpture
A catalog of late Egyptian and Coptic sculptures
Can a Buddha image be true? : the Grahi Buddha and the way to make Buddha images in Southeast Asia
Samson and a Philistine by Giovanni Bologna
