http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4125 pedestrian and bicycle ways
pedestrian and bicycle ways
Kaupungin uusi taso = A new level of the city
Traffic safety of vulnerable road users in urban areas.
Streetfight : handbook for an urban revolution
Abstract: Crash violence within the traffic system : risks and their reduction on regional and connecting roads.
Outdoor lighting : mesopic photometry, adaptation conditions and user preferences in pedestrian way lighting
Summary: The Kuhmo urban road improvement.
Tapionraitti - the backbone of the pedestrian precinct
Footbridges : construction, design, history
Aesthetics of flyovers : improving the appearance of flyovers and pedestrian underpasses
As New York Citys transportation commissioner, Janette Sadik-Khan managed the seemingly impossible and transformed the streets of one of the worlds greatest, toughest cities into dynamic spaces safe for pedestrians and bikers. Her approach was dramatic and effective: Simply painting a part of the street to make it into a plaza or bus lane not only made the street safer, but it also lessened congestion and increased foot traffic, which improved the bottom line of businesses. Real-life experience confirmed that if you know how to read the street, you can make it function better by not totally reconstructing it but by reallocating the space thats already there.  Breaking the street into its component parts, Streetfight demonstrates, with step-by-step visuals, how to rewrite the underlying source code of a street, with pointers on how to add protected bike paths, improve crosswalk space, and provide visual cues to reduce speeding. Achieving such a radical overhaul wasnt easy, and Streetfight pulls back the curtain on the battles Sadik-Khan won to make her approach work. She includes examples of how this new way to read the streets has already made its way around the world, from pocket parks in Mexico City and Los Angeles to more pedestrian-friendly streets in Auckland and Buenos Aires, and innovative bike-lane designs and plazas in Austin, Indianapolis, and San Francisco. Many are inspired by the changes taking place in New York City and are based on the same techniques. Streetfight deconstructs, reassembles, and reinvents the street, inviting readers to see it in ways they never imagined.
From LED die to a lighting system : performance improvement in LED lighting by means of thermal management and smart control
Vitality from walking and cycling
