http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4124 walkways
walkways
"Challenges current notions of space and distance, helping us learn to appreciate and cultivate proximity. A follow-up to Visualizing Density (2007), this book illustrates 12 North American urban neigHborhoods of approximately 125 acres each with hundreds of street-level photographs. Discusses factors of urban form that boost walking and transit use. Visualizes a low-carbon environment in smaller increments and shows how compact development can take shape in different regions and climates"--Provided by publisher.
Made for walking : density and neighborhood form
Walking New York : twenty original walks in New York City
Traffic safety of vulnerable road users in urban areas.
Streetfight : handbook for an urban revolution
The patio specialist : the essential guide to designing, building, improving and maintaining patios, paths and steps
Roaming Midsomer : walking and eating in the murderous heart of England
Abstract: Crash violence within the traffic system : risks and their reduction on regional and connecting roads.
America's boardwalks : from Coney Island to California
Sustainable transport : planning for walking and cycling in urban environments
Trains are... Mint
Making paths & walkways : creative ideas and simple techniques
Start to finish paths & walkways
Walkable city : how downtown can save America, one step at a time
As New York Citys transportation commissioner, Janette Sadik-Khan managed the seemingly impossible and transformed the streets of one of the worlds greatest, toughest cities into dynamic spaces safe for pedestrians and bikers. Her approach was dramatic and effective: Simply painting a part of the street to make it into a plaza or bus lane not only made the street safer, but it also lessened congestion and increased foot traffic, which improved the bottom line of businesses. Real-life experience confirmed that if you know how to read the street, you can make it function better by not totally reconstructing it but by reallocating the space thats already there.  Breaking the street into its component parts, Streetfight demonstrates, with step-by-step visuals, how to rewrite the underlying source code of a street, with pointers on how to add protected bike paths, improve crosswalk space, and provide visual cues to reduce speeding. Achieving such a radical overhaul wasnt easy, and Streetfight pulls back the curtain on the battles Sadik-Khan won to make her approach work. She includes examples of how this new way to read the streets has already made its way around the world, from pocket parks in Mexico City and Los Angeles to more pedestrian-friendly streets in Auckland and Buenos Aires, and innovative bike-lane designs and plazas in Austin, Indianapolis, and San Francisco. Many are inspired by the changes taking place in New York City and are based on the same techniques. Streetfight deconstructs, reassembles, and reinvents the street, inviting readers to see it in ways they never imagined.
Vitality from walking and cycling
