http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4130 warfare
warfare
The reaction
Lines of departure
Long before he was sent to hell, the Aeon known as Khoth-Kapira was the closest thing to a living god the world had ever known. Possessed of a vast intellect, he pioneered many of the wonders that persist in the world long after he was banished. Nearly every fragment of medical, economic and technological progress that the mortal races enjoyed could be traced back to him. But with his wonders came cruelty beyond measure: industrialised slavery, horrifying experimentations and a rage that would eventually force the world to bow to him. Now, as Khoth-Kapira stirs, the world begins to shudder with disasters yet to come.
Slaughter-house five
Blood of the cosmos
The Faber book of war poetry
Last day in Vietnam : a memory
Prohibitions and restraints in war
The British intervention in South Russia 1918-1920
Blood and iron
The emperor's bones
2017 war with Russia : an urgent warning from senior military command
In this sharp and darkly mysterious novel Lenk and his fellow adventurers must find their way through the silk-trading city of C'Jer Daal as demons and gods stalk the streets in a battle for dominion even as the thieves guilds go to war for their own petty ends.  Mixing wild magics, exciting swordplay, mystery and an irrestible, if scurrilous, sense of humour this is a hugely exciting new direction for fantasy. Full of adventure and extreme imagination it nevertheless manages to weave in a surprising subtlety and sensitivity in it's characterisation.
Sons of the blood
Warspite
Herman Wouk's sweeping epic of World War II, which begins with THE WINDS OF WAR and continues in WAR AND REMEMBRANCE, stands as the crowning achievement of one of America's most celebrated storytellers. Like no other books about the war, Wouk's spellbinding narrative captures the tide of global events - the drama, the romance, the heroism and the tragedy of World War II - as it immerses us in the lives of a single American family drawn into the very centre of the maelstrom.
At a time when much attention is focused on the Horn of Africa as one of Africa's most war-ravaged regions and a continued source of security concern regionally and globally, this Discussion Paper provides deep insights into the complex dimensions of and linkages between the violent conflicts in the region. Delving into history and the core and contextual factors underpinning these wars in the postcolonial era, the author provides a conceptual framework for grappling with the complex inter- and intra-state conflicts by focusing on the institutional and structural causes of war. He goes on to make a compelling argument that conflict for institutional and democratic state transformation in the Horn of Africa is a fundamental step towards long-term peace and sustainable development.
The chateau on the lake
A red-rose chain : an October Daye novel
Mrs Dalloway
War and its prevention
The not dead
The Thirty Years' War : problems of motive, extent, and effect
"Combining the pulsating drive of Showtime's Homeland with the fascinating historical detail of such of narrative nonfiction bestsellers as Double Cross and In the Garden of Beasts, Dark Invasion is Howard Blum's gritty, high-energy true-life tale of German espionage and terror on American soil during World War I, and the NYPD Inspector who helped uncover the plot--the basis for the film to be produced by and starring Bradley Cooper. When a "neutral" United States becomes a trading partner for the Allies early in World War I, the Germans implement a secret plan to strike back. A team of saboteurs--including an expert on germ warfare, a Harvard professor, and a brilliant, debonair spymaster--devise a series of "mysterious accidents" using explosives and biological weapons, to bring down vital targets such as ships, factories, livestock, and even captains of industry like J.P. Morgan. New York Police Inspector Tom Tunney, head of the department's Bomb Squad, is assigned the difficult mission of stopping them. Assembling a team of loyal operatives, the cunning Irish cop hunts for the conspirators among a population of more than eight million Germans. But the deeper he finds himself in this labyrinth of deception, the more Tunney realizes that the enemy's plan is far more complex and more dangerous than he suspected.Full of drama and intensity, illustrated with eight pages of black and-white photos, Dark Invasion is riveting war thriller that chillingly echoes our own time"--
The finale to the New York Times bestselling Tearling trilogy, in which Kelsea is imprisoned by the Red Queen and her guard must find a way to set her free.
The invasion of the tearling
Waging war : a philosophical introduction
The winds of war
Cohesion, real war, and the effectiveness of the organization
Fighting ISIS
The beginning of the Cold War as a phenomenon of realpolitik : U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes in the field of power politics 1945 - 1947
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
The catch and other war stories
Thinker tailor soldier spy
Poilu : the World War I notebooks of corporal Louis Barthas, barrelmaker, 1914-1918
Rhytm and tempo of warfare - a comparative reading of a samurai classic and Nato planning guidelines
Alliance policy in the cold war
The winter isles
Butcher's trail : how the search for Balkan war criminals became the world's most successful manhunt
The vocabulary of a war : the Persian Gulf war in the Time and Newsweek Magazines
The sundering
Different Kinds of Modern Warfare
Politics without principle : sovereignty, ethics, and the narratives of the Gulf War
Finland in the United Nations : consistent and credible constructivism
Leaving Berlin : a novel
The undertaking
Salt to the sea : a novel
Can the art of warfare be systematised?
A red-rose chain : a Toby Daye novel
Blood of elves
The liar's key
The praxis
Girl at war : a novel
The Raj at war : a people's history of India's Second World War
Elementary education and children's lives during the Second World War in Finland
Ninefox Gambit
The shadow of the crescent moon
A modern Pearl Harbor : a critical metaphorical analysis of news reporting the war in Afganistan
[Prototype]. 1
The book thief
Israel's Lebanon war
The monument of the Crimean war Finnish soldiers in England
Children and war : political socialization to international conflict
Cryptonomicon
Gypsies on the roads of war
In the dying days of the Wars of the Roses a secret war is born. The battle for a crown is about to become a fight for the world. Bastard son, mercenary soldier, protector of the rightful king, seeker of a secret more treacherous than any in Christendom: Jack Wynter is destined to live in dangerous times. In England, the Wars of the Roses ended a decade ago with the fall of the House of Lancaster and the victory of King Edward of York. But peace sleeps uneasy in this divided realm and when the king dies unexpectedly it isn't long before old blood feuds and ambitions are awoken.
The civil war in Spain
The encyclopedia of war : from ancient Egypt to Iraq
Not another Transnistria : how sustainable is separatism in Eastern Ukraine?
Days without end
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
Globalising resistance against war? : a critical analysis of a theoretical debate in the context of the British anti-war movement
Lights out : a cyberattack : a nation unprepared : surviving the aftermath
I am the mechanical they named Jax. My kind was built to serve humankind, duty-bound to fulfil their every whim. But now our bonds are breaking, and my brothers and sisters are awakening. Our time has come. A new age is dawning. Set in a world that might have been, of mechanical men and alchemical dreams, this is the third and final novel in a stunning series of revolution by Ian Tregillis.
The night watch
Jax, a rogue Clakker, has wreaked havoc upon the Clockmakers' Guild by destroying the Grand Forge. Reborn in the flames, he must begin his life as a free Clakker, but liberation proves its own burden.  Berenice, formerly the legendary spymaster of New France, mastermind behind her nation's attempts to undermine the Dutch Hegemony -- has been banished from her homeland and captured by the Clockmakers Guild's draconian secret police force. Meanwhile, Captain Hugo Longchamp is faced with rallying the beleaguered and untested defenders of Marseilles-in-the-West for the inevitable onslaught from the Brasswork Throne and its army of mechanical soldiers.
"On her nineteenth birthday, Princess Kelsea Raleigh Glynn, raised in exile, sets out on a perilous journey back to the castle of her birth to ascend her rightful throne. Plain and serious, a girl who loves books and learning, Kelsea bears little resemblance to her mother, the vain and frivolous Queen Elyssa. But though she may be inexperienced and sheltered, Kelsea is not defenseless: Around her neck hangs the Tearling sapphire, a jewel of immense magical power; and accompanying her is the Queen's Guard, a cadre of brave knights led by the enigmatic and dedicated Lazarus. Kelsea will need them all to survive a cabal of enemies who will use every weapon--from crimson-caped assassins to the darkest blood magic--to prevent her from wearing the crown."-- Coming out of exile to ascend her rightful throne, Princess Kelsea Raleigh Glynn, with a cadre of soldiers and the magical Tearling sapphire to protect her, makes a daring decision that evokes the wrath of the evil Red Queen.
Star wars : the Clone wars : the colossus of destiny
I believe in unicorns
Angles of attack
The age of Scorpio
Noble V : Greylancer
The story of the Second World War for children, 1939-1945
Last night another soldier..
Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes : crimes and other gross an large scale human rights violations committed during the reign of totalitarian regimes in Europe : cross-national survey of crimes committed and of their remembrance, recognition, redress, and reconciliation : reports and proceedings of the 8 April European hearing on "Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes", organised by the Slovenian Presidency of the Council of the European Union (January-June 2008) and the European Commission
From cold war to common currency : a personal perspective on Finland and the EU
Monsters of men
The Deaf and the Atomic Bomb
The city stained red
American wife : a memoir of love, service, faith, and renewal
Just war theory
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
Polly's angel
War and remembrance
Flynn, leader of the rebellion on Avon, captures Jubilee "Lee" Chase, captain of the forces sent to crush the terraformed planet's rebellious colonists, but later saves her and the two, caught between sides in a senseless war, flee together.
The city of Voortyashtan was once the home of the goddess of death, war and destruction, but now it's little more than a ruin. General Turyin Mulaghesh is called out of retirement and sent to this hellish place to find a Saypuri secret agent who's gone AWOL in the middle of a mission. But the ghosts of past wars have followed her there, and soon she begins to wonder what happened to the souls in the afterlife when the gods were defeated by her people, the Polis. Do the dead sleep soundly in the land of death? Or do they have plans of their own?
The monument, in Lewes, East Sussex, is dedicated to the 28 Finns who died in the local prison, after being captured when the British attacked the Åland Islands during the Crimean War 1854-1856..
Shield of thunder
Our ancient wars : rethinking war through the classics
A history of the cold war
"Bringing together dozens of voices in her distinctive style of oral history, Secondhand Time is a monument to the collapse of the USSR, charting the decline of Soviet culture and speculating on what will rise from the ashes of Communism. As in all her books, Alexievich gives voice to women and men whose stories are lost in the official narratives of nation-states, creating a powerful alternative history from the personal and private stories of individuals. When the Swedish Academy awarded Svetlana Alexievich the Nobel Prize in Literature, they praised her 'polyphonic writings, a monument to suffering and courage in our time,' and cited her for inventing 'a new kind of literary genre.' Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, added that her work comprises 'a history of emotions--a history of the soul'"--
Hotel on the corner of Bitter and Sweet : a novel
Captain Kel Cheris of the hexarchate is disgraced for using unconventional methods in a battle against heretics. Kel Command gives her the opportunity to redeem herself by retaking the Fortress of Scattered Needles, a star fortress that has recently been captured by heretics. Cheris's career isn't the only thing at stake. If the fortress falls, the hexarchate itself might be next. Cheris's best hope is to ally with the undead tactician Shuos Jedao. The good news is that Jedao has never lost a battle, and he may be the only one who can figure out how to successfully besiege the fortress. The bad news is that Jedao went mad in his first life and massacred two armies, one of them his own. As the siege wears on, Cheris must decide how far she can trust Jedao--because she might be his next victim.
These two classic works capture the tide of world events even as they unfold the compelling tale of a single American family drawn into the very center of the war's maelstrom. The multimillion-copy bestsellers that capture all the drama, romance, heroism, and tragedy of the Second World War -- and that constitute Wouk's crowning achievement -- are available for the first time in trade paperback.
The force unleashed. II
Hearts in Atlantis
Cold war secret nuclear bunkers : The passive defence of the western world during the Cold War
Telling absence : war widows, loss and memory
On a September day in Manhattan in 1939, twenty-something Caroline Ferriday is consumed by her efforts to secure the perfect boutonniere for an important French diplomat and resisting the romantic advances of a married actor. Meanwhile across the Atlantic, Kasia Kuzmerick, a Polish Catholic teenager, is nervously anticipating the changes that are sure to come since Germany has declared war on Poland. As tensions rise abroad - and in her personal life - Caroline's interest in aiding the war effort in France grows and she eventually comes to hear about the dire situation at the Ravensbruck all-female concentration camp. At the same time, Kasia's carefree youth is quickly slipping away, only to be replaced by a fervor for the Polish resistance movement. Through Ravensbruck - and the horrific atrocities taking place there told in part by an infamous German surgeon, Herta Oberheuser - the two women's lives will converge in unprecedented ways and a novel of redemption and hope emerges that is breathtaking in scope and depth.
The redbreast
Fifteen years after the last devastating Insect attack, the immortal Circle is finally ready to launch an offensive against their implacable enemies. This time they have a new weapon - gunpowder. Hopes are high. But the Circle's plans are threatened when the vital barrels of gunpowder go missing. Jant, the Circle's winged messenger, is tasked to investigate. Soon it becomes clear that the theft is part of a deadly conspiracy and Jant and his friends are among the targets. As tensions rise, Jant races to foil the conspirators. Can he expose them in time - or will the crisis blow the Fourlands apart?
In the future the afterlife will be digitised. Return to the world of Station in the sequel to the acclaimed Crashing Heaven. On Station the dead live on, haunting the living as Fetches; digital ghosts drawn from the downloaded memories of the deceased. And hell is a series of hard drives where those who cannot haunt are stored. But now one woman must journey into the hard drives to solve a murder. Even as the gods of Station face the dawn of a new age. Mixing classic cyberpunk tropes with a fresh take on how we will live in a virtually enhanced reality, worshipping corporations who have become gods, Al Roberston has established himself as a thoughtful and skilled writer of vastly intelligent, gripping SF thrillers.
No good men among the living : America, the Taliban, and the war through Afghan eyes
Humanitarian soldiers, colonialised others and invisible enemies : visual strategic communication narratives of the Afghan war
Waking hell
All the light we cannot see : a novel
Korea : the lost war
A deepness in the sky
Deeds of war
The supreme jihad
The shoemaker's wife : a novel
The other's war : recognition and the violence of ethics
Emphasising the significance of foreign languages at the centre of war and conflict, this book argues that 'foreignness' and foreign languages are key to our understanding of what happens in war. Through case studies the book traces the role of languages in intelligence, military deployment, soldier/civilian meetings, occupation and peace building.
Dark invasion : the secret war against the Kaiser's spies
HISTORICALLY THEMED CHESS GAME
The last mortal bond
The Business of Iraqi Freedom: Some Ethical Implications of Attempting a 'Just War' in a Post-Modern World
The praetorians
The waiting time
All this will be lost
Critical factors in the Horn of Africa's raging conflicts
Who is responsible? : war crimes in Chechnya
In Strategy: A History, Sir Lawrence Freedman captures the vast history of strategic thinking, how strategy came to pervade every aspect of our lives. The range of Freedman's narrative is moving from the advanced strategy practiced in primate groups, to the opposing strategies of Achilles and Odysseus in The Iliad, the strategic advice of Sun Tzu and Machiavelli, the great military innovations of Baron Henri de Jomini and Carl von Clausewitz, the grounding of revolutionary strategy in class struggles by Marx, the insights into corporate strategy found in Peter Drucker and Alfred Sloan, and the contributions of the leading social scientists working on strategy today. The core issue at the heart of strategy, the author notes, is whether it is possible to manipulate and shape our environment rather than simply become the victim of forces beyond one's control. Time and again, Freedman demonstrates that the inherent unpredictability of this environment-subject to chance events, the efforts of opponents, the missteps of friends-provides strategy with its challenge and its drama. Armies or corporations or nations rarely move from one predictable state of affairs to another, but instead feel their way through a series of states, each one not quite what was anticipated, requiring a reappraisal of the original strategy, including its ultimate objective. Thus the picture of strategy that emerges in this book is one that is fluid and flexible, governed by the starting point, not the end point.
The force unleashed. [1]
Star Wars : Dark empire trilogy
The Vietnam war : a concise international history
Sectarian identities or geopolitics? : the regional Shia-Sunni divide in the Middle East
The Continuation War as a metanoic moment : a Burkean reading of lutheran hierocratic rhetoric
Of all the captains based out of Arclight only Eldon Sloper was desperate enough to agree to a salvage job in Red Space. And now he and his crew are living to regret his desperation. In Red Space the rules are different. Some things work, others don't. Best to stick close to the Church beacons. Don't get lost. Because there's something wrong about Red Space. Something beyond rational. Something vampyric.... Long after The Loss mankind is different. We touch the world via neunonics. We are machines, we are animals, we are hybrids. But some things never change. A Killer is paid to kill, a Thief will steal countless lives. A Clone will find insanity, an Innocent a new horror. The Church knows we have kept our sins.
Warrior of Rome. I : Fire of the east
Ninefox gambit
The alien forces known as the Lankies are gathering on the solar system's edge, consolidating their conquest of Mars and setting their sights on Earth. The far-off colony of New Svalbard, cut off from the rest of the galaxy by the Lanky blockade, teeters on the verge of starvation and collapse. The forces of the two Earth alliances have won minor skirmishes but are in danger of losing the war. For battle-weary staff sergeant Andrew Grayson and the ragged forces of the North American Commonwealth, the fight for survival is entering a catastrophic new phase. Forging an uneasy alliance with their Sino-Russian enemies, the NAC launches a hybrid task force on a long shot: a stealth mission to breach the Lanky blockade and reestablish supply lines with Earth. Plunging into combat against a merciless alien species that outguns, outmaneuvers, and outfights them at every turn, Andrew and his fellow troopers could end up cornered on their home turf, with no way out and no hope for reinforcement. And this time, the struggle for humanity's future can only end in either victory or annihilation.
Naval strategies in the Black Sea region
Jane's fighting ships : 1980-81
Peter in peril : courage and hope in World War Two
Grunt life : a Task Force Ombra novel
History of the cold war. From the Korean war to the present
The catalyst
Responsibility and response
On war
When ordinary men do evil : lessons from My Lai and beyond
The emperor's digital clothes : cyberwar and the application of classical theories of war
Humanity is on the ropes, and after years of fighting a two-front war with losing odds, so is North American Defense Corps officer Andrew Grayson. He dreams of dropping out of the service one day, alongside his pilot girlfriend, but as warfare consumes entire planets and conditions on Earth deteriorate, he wonders if there will be anywhere left for them to go.
Aetheric mechanies : a graphic novella
Fire in the lake : Insurgency in Vietnam
A situation analysis of the women survivors of the 1989-2003 armed conflict in Liberia
The ethics of war
Killing the Bismarck : destroying the pride of Hitler's fleet
Baron Mannerheim's Description of the Local Troops of Lanchow
We stand on guard
The Falklands conflict
Prince of fools
Blood, sweat and steel : frontline accounts from the Gulf, Afghanistan and Iraq
Twisted metal
Images of war
Trade and war : the neutrality of commerce in the inter-state system
The liberation
The cold war : a reappraisal
The fate of the Tearling : a novel
Iraq confidential : the untold story of the intelligence conspiracy to undermine the UN and overthrow Saddam Hussein
A quantum mythology
Declarations of war
Mama Koko and the hundred gunmen : one ordinary family's extraordinary tale of love, loss, and survival in Congo
The blitz : a very peculiar history : with no added doodlebugs
The art of war
Christian attitudes toward war and peace : a historical survey and critical re-evaluation
Rose Elmsworth has a secret. For eighteen years, the world has been divided into the magically Gifted and the non-magical Ashkind, but Rose's identity is far more dangerous. At 15, she has earned herself a place alongside her father in the Department, a brutal law-enforcement organisation run by the Gifted to control the Ashkind. But now an old enemy is threatening to start a catastrophic war, and Rose faces a challenging test of her loyalties. How much does she really know about her father's past? How far is the Department willing to go to keep the peace? And, if the time comes, will Rose choose to protect her secret, or the people she loves?
Good people
The Reaction is the explosive sequel to Helena Coggan's stunning debut The Catalyst. For the first time in her life, fifteen-year-old Rose Elmsworth is alone. Her father, David, has been imprisoned and disgraced, a death sentence almost certain. She has been rejected by the Department, the amoral law-enforcement agency in which she grew up. Most dangerous of all is the terrible secret she and her father have been keeping all her life: if exposed, it has the power to destroy her. But Rose cannot stay hidden forever. Around her, the world is changing faster than either she or the Department can stop it. The laws which have for years maintained peace between magicals and non-magicals are breaking down, and two rival militias are gathering on the streets to prepare for a devastating war. As deeper, darker elements of her father's past emerge, Rose begins to understand that the rules of good and evil in which she has always believed will not protect her anymore. In a world of monsters, how long can trust, loyalty and justice survive? And how much will Rose herself have to change to stay alive?
The cold war : ideological conflict or power struggle?
Globalizing resistance against war? : a critical analysis of the theoretical debate through a case study of the "new" anti-war movement in Britain
This shattered world : a Starbound novel
It's what I do : a photographer's life of love and war
Contested Historical and Geographical Narratives: Succession disputes, contested land ownership and religious conflicts in Northern Ghana
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
"From the 2015 winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature, Svetlana Alexievich, comes the first English translation of her latest work, an oral history of the disintegration of the Soviet Union and the emergence of a new Russia. Bringing together dozens of voices in her distinctive documentary style, Secondhand Time is a monument to the collapse of the USSR, charting the decline of Soviet culture and speculating on what will rise from the ashes of communism. As in all her books, Alexievich gives voice to women and men whose stories are lost in the official narratives of nation-states, creating a powerful alternative history from the personal and private stories of individuals"--
Little red lies
Edge of madness : Sarajevo, a city and its people under siege
The winged histories
"Admiral James G Stavridis, US Navy, former Supreme Allied Commander Europe. Closely modelled on his NATO experience of war gaming future conflicts, 2017 War With Russia is a chilling account of where we are heading if we fail to recognise the threat posed by the Russian president. Written by the recently retired Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe and endorsed by senior military figures, this book shows how war with Russia could erupt with the bloodiest and most appalling consequences if the necessary steps are not taken urgently... "--Publisher description.
Gathering darkness
Jihad, a word popularly translated by the media as 'holy war', provides the ideological underpinnings to violent extremists, while at the same time informs the average westerner that Islam is a religion that advocates violence and barbarism. And yet the famous saying of the Prophet Muhammad, while returning from battle, 'We have returned from the lesser jihad to the greater jihad' has ensured that to the majority of Muslims around the world, jihad primarily refers to the inner struggle against base desires, and the spiritual and moral endeavour to promote human values and achieve fairness and justice in society.
Catch-22
Little black lies
In love and war
In February 2015, Tim Locks headed to Kurdistan to fight ISIS. After watching images of the Yazidi people being slaughtered, he couldnt sit back and do nothing. Having worked as a prison officer and a bouncer, he knew how to handle himself - and had a huge protective streak. He sold his house to raise money, put himself through arms training and bought his equipment on eBay.
This thesis concerns feminist sociological analysis of war loss and its consequences as experienced and told by Finnish Karelian war widows of World War 2. They lost their partners and had to leave their homes by force, when Karelia was evacuated twice in 1939\1944. Over 400,000 refugees from this ceded South-Eastern area were permanently resettled elsewhere in Finland. Finnish war widows\2019 telling of history has been missing from academic research, for this the subject has not been investigated prior to this present work. The research material the thesis reports on was gathered in interviews with five Karelian war widows, through examining Karelian life stories in the Finnish Literature Society\2019s Folklore Archive, and also researching war widows\2019 assistance pension letters in the State Treasury.
Childhood in the shadow of war : filled with work and play
Global war - local views : media images of the Iraq war
H.M.S. London
The invisible mile
Unbroken : a World War II story of survival, resilience, and redemption
A study of war
Sometimes the few must stand against the many.  From the dark, cold void came an unknown force. Their target a remote planet, the home for a group of people distancing themselves from mankind and pursuing a path of piety and peace. If they have any chance at survival a disparate group of pilots must come together to fight back any way they can. But the best these aces can do might not be good enough.
Art against war : 400 years of protest in art
The wheel of Osheim
Star wars : the Clone wars : the wind raiders of Taloraan
Secondhand time : the last of the Soviets
City of blades
Christianity, diplomacy and war
Vietnam : it happened in front of our very eyes = s'est produit sous nos yeux = vor unseren augen geschehen = é successo a nostra vista d'occhio
America's half-century : United States foreign policy in the cold war
The beauty of destruction
Gendering NATO : a feminist analysis of a military organization
The rise of ISIS : a threat we can't ignore
MASH : a novel about three army doctors
Summary.
Nuremberg and Vietnam : an American tragedy
Twilight struggle : The cold war 1945-1989
Ethics, killing and war
The heights of courage : a tank leader's war on the Golan
Star Wars adventures : Luke Skywalker and the treasure of the dragon snakes
Death's bright day : a republic of Cinnabar navy novel
The camomile lawn
War in modern society : an introduction
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
When war is unjust : being honest in just-war thinking
The girl with no name
THE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF THE WORLD'S WARSHIPS
Bernard Brodie and the bomb : at the birth of the bipolar world
A thousand splendid suns
The storyteller
Memory for forgetfulness : August, Beirut, 1982
The mirror empire
War : studies from psychology, sociology, anthropology
Lovers at the Chameleon Club, Paris 1932 : a novel
The Finnish revolution : a self-criticism
Lord of the silver bow
Looks at the extremist Sunni jihadist group and argues that they present a great danger to the United States and the world, looking at the origin of the group, its objectives, and its unlawful terrorist strategies.
The mortal tally
Beginnings of the cold war
Steichen at war
Languages at war : policies and practices of language contacts in conflict
The tide watchers : a novel
War and peace in the ancient world
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
Slaves of the republic
Say you're one of them
The Queen of the Tearling
Empire from the ashes
Fall of kings
Strategy : a history
The lost history of 1914 : how the Great War was not inevitable
The rising
One bullet away : the making of a Marine officer
The Pentagon papers as published by the New York Times
Star wars : the Clone wars : deadly hands of Shon-Ju
The uninvited : a novel
THE FALKLANDS WAR
White death
