http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p413 examinations
examinations experiments trials (tests)
OCR psychology : AS core studies and research methods
Effect of feeding level and diet type on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their calves
Hematology : clinical principles and applications
Advances in test anxiety research. Vol. 3
Novel strategies for spinal cord injury repair
Advances in test anxiety research. Vol. 5
Species and provenance trials in Ruotsinkylä research area
Physiological roles of fatty acids and endocannabinoids in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans
Prove It!
Seven experiments that could change the world : a do-it-yourself guide to revolutionary science
Ethical issues in behavioral research : basic and applied perspectives
Prenatal tests and ultrasound
Improve your IELTS : reading skills
Ink sandwiches, electric worms, and 37 other experiments for Saturday science
The book of potentially catastrophic science
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
Animal models for anti-angiogenic therapy of malignant glioma
Adenovirus and baculovirus mediated proangiogenic gene therapy in skeletal muscle and uterine artery : safety aspects in peripheral arterial disease and fetal growth restriction therapy
Experiments in educational psychology
MCITP Windows server 2008 enterprise administration core requirements : self-paced training kit (exams 70-640, 70-642, 70-643, 70-647)
The contest problem book : annual high school examinations 1973-1982. 4
Usability of the testing criteria for English proficiency in competence tests : assessor perceptions
Self/less
The role of process conformance and developers' skills in the context of test-driven development
The design of experiments
Cracking the GMAT: with DVD
We are all completely beside ourselves
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
The practical Einstein : experiments, patents, inventions
Becoming British : UK citizenship examinated
Experimental biochemistry
Classic chemistry demonstrations
Constructing test items
The use of assisted fertilization in Finland : health effects and equity
Genetic and functional studies of genes involved in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease
Do try this at home! : 28 spectacular experiments for scientists of all ages
Everyday investigations for general chemistry
Challenging the mind, touching the heart : best assessment practices
The art of answering examination questions : for science students and teachers
The problem of equivalence in translating texts in international reading literacy studies : atext analytic study of three English and Finnish texts used in the PISA 2000 reading texts
Watch out! : science tools and safety
Service offerings and agreements : a guide for ITIL exam candidates
Phytochemicals beyond whole grains and health : non-targeted metabolite profiling in whole grain research
Axure RP 6 prototyping essentials : creating highly compelling, interactive prototypes with Axure that will impress and excite decision makers
The I used to know that activity book : stuff you forgot from school
Model It!
LearningExpress®'s GRE® test success in only 5 steps!
The plague dogs
Smart tests : teacher-made tests that help students learn
Ethical considerations have a formidable influence on planning and conducting research. Concerns over the ethical dimensions of behavioral research have risen dramatically, resulting in significant developments in ethical codification and the research review process. The ever-changing nature of the ethical climate in research coincides with the increased sensitivity to ethics in other domains such as those involving global corporations as Enron and WorldCom. An adherence to basic values of integrity represents a fundamental concern for behavioral researchers as we progress through the 21st century. This new edition focuses on the research community's response to current professional and public demands, the issues imposed by new research technologies, and the ethical challenges that arise in the application of research approaches. Additionally, attention is given to some of the ethical issues and conflicts encountered in cross-cultural research, reflecting the increase of fundamental and applied researchers conducting studies in foreign settings.
Dig and sow! : how do plants grow?
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Sneaky uses for everyday things : how to turn a penny into a radio, make a flood alarm with an aspirin, change milk into plastic, extract water and electricity from thin air, turn on a tv with your ring, and other amazing feats
Culture of Animal Cells : A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
Statistical design of experiments with engineering applications
Effect of supplemental vitamin E on the performance of growing-finishing pigs fed stored versus freshly harvested barley and on the storage stability and eating quality of frozen pork
Frozen embryo transfer:early pregnancy, perinatal outcomes, and health of singleton children
New insights to the brain functions of prolyl oligopeptidase
A question of life : the Warnock report on human fertilisation and embryology
Research involving human subjects
Influence of pre partum and post partum plane of nutrition on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their progeny
A guide for building, operating, controlling and maintaining a complete mix activated sludge pilot reactor
How exams really work : the Cassell guide to GCSEs, AS and A levels
Fate of phosphorus in soil during a long term fertilization experiment in southern Finland
Medical progress and the law
Kaplan radiography exam: with CD-ROM
Since the publication of the sixth edition of this benchmark text, numerous advances in the field have been made - particularly in stem cells, 3D culture, scale-up, STR profiling, and culture of specialized cells. "Culture of Animal Cells: A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications, Seventh Edition" is the updated version of this benchmark text, addressing these recent developments in the field as well as the basic skills and protocols.     This eagerly awaited edition reviews the increasing diversity of the applications of cell culture and the proliferation of specialized techniques, and provides an introduction to new subtopics in mini-reviews. New features also include a new chapter on cell line authentication with a review of the major issues and appropriate protocols including DNA profiling and barcoding, as well as some new specialized protocols. Because of the continuing expansion of cell culture, and to keep the bulk of the book to a reasonable size, some specialized protocols are presented as supplementary material online. "Culture of Animal Cells: A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications, Seventh Edition" provides the most accessible and comprehensive introduction available to the culture and experimental manipulation of animal cells. This text is an indispensable resource for those in or entering the field, including academic research scientists, clinical and biopharmaceutical researchers, undergraduate and graduate students, cell and molecular biology and genetics lab managers, trainees and technicians.
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
Development of epileptogenic network alterations in rodent models of status epilepticus : role of the urokinase-type plasminogen activating system
Test anxiety, coping, gender and academic performance in English exams : a study of Finnish upper secondary school students
Feeding value of grass ensiled with absorbents assessed in growing lambs
Experimental reduction of wolves in the Yukon : ungulate responses and management implications
Applications of sweep imaging with Fourier transformation (SWIFT) : imaging brain microstructure and calcifications
The wave : [a novel]
The mad science book : 100 amazing experiments from the history of science
Reliability improvement with design of experiments
MCSE : Windows NT server 4 enterprise : exam 70-068
Macroscale and microscale organic experiments
Good clinical practice guide
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
A study of rodent brain function with functional and pharmacological magnetic resonance imaging
Laboratory experiments for general, organic and biochemistry
Local adaptation and its genetic basis in <em>Arabidopsis lyrata</em>
Effects of exercise and alpha-lipoic acid supplementation on brain tissue protection in experimental diabetes
Bast fibre content, fibre yield and fibre quality of different linseed genotypes
Prove it! : scientific enquiry in action
The humans
Teaching without tears : a guide to teaching technique : a compendium of practical advice for the inexperienced schoolteacher
Application of mass spectrometry in unravelling the secrets of the endocannabinoid system
Misspecification tests in econometrics : the Lagrange multiplier principle and other approaches
Recognition and student perceptions of non-formal and informal learning of English for specific purposes in a university context
Development of accelerometry-based fall detection:from laboratory environment to real life
How to assess authentic learning
Cold hardiness research on agricultural and horticultural crops in Finland
Sneakiest uses for everyday things : how to make a boomerang with a business card, convert a pencil into a microphone, make animated origami, turn a TV tray into a giant robot, and create alternative energy science projects
Survival, height growth and damages of Siberian (Larix sibirica Ledeb.) and Dahurian (Larix gmelinii Rupr.) larch provenances in field trials located in southern and northern Finland
Microbiology : PreTest self-assessment and review
What are dock and sea trials?
Procedure for managing large-scale progeny test data : a case study of Scots pine in Finland
Calculation and comparison of different permanent sample plot types
Fundamentals of biofilm research
Design, construction and commissioning of the EMMA experiment
Experiments in heat transfer and thermodynamics
Measurement and assessment in teaching
The effect of genes and diet on Alzheimer's disease-related molecular mechanisms : Influence of ubiquilin-1 and dietary lipids
Children's health, self-care and the use of self-medication : a population-based study in Finland
New GRE® verbal workbook : graduate record examination
Measurement and statistics for teachers
Screening adult neurologic populations : a step-by-step instruction manual
Electrified sheep and other bizarre experiments
Feeding levels during the growing phase affect the production of primiparous Finnish Landrace ewes
Elephants on acid and other bizarre experiments
Experiments in visual perception : selected readings
The framework of the Finnish National Certificates of Language Proficiency 2011 : order 24/011/2011
The GRE® test for dummies
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1995-2002 = Results of offical variety trials 1995-2002
Experiment, design and statistics in psychology
Biodistribution studies in small animal models using pre-clinical SPECT/CT imaging
Within-plot subsampling of trees for assessment in progeny trials of Scots pine
Chemical demonstrations : a sourcebook for teachers. 2
Testing English as a second language
Functional autoradiography as a pharmacological approach for studying G protein-coupled lipid receptor signalling
Educational assessment of students
Physics laboratory experiments
The casebook of Victor Frankenstein
George and the big bang
Exercise stress test in stroke risk prediction
Effect of two microbial phytase preparations on phosphorus utilisation in broilers fed maize-soybean meal based  diets
Validity in psychological measurement:an investigation of test norms
Guided inquiry experiments in general chemistry : practical problems and applications
The regulation of neuroinflammation by nuclear factor kappa B and apolipoprotein E
150 great science experiments : ingenious, easy-to-do projects explore and explain the wonders of science and technology
Testing English : formative and summative approaches to English assessment
Improving assessment through student involvement : practical solutions for aiding learning in higher and further education
Manual for laboratory work in mammalian physiology
Wildfire / Lene Kaaberbøl ; illustrated by Rohan Eason ; translated by Charlotte Barslund
Testing quantum mechanics on new ground
McGraw Hill's GMAT
Experimental methods for measuring elasto-plastic parameters of bentonite clay
The story of science
"By implementing good practice in service offerings and agreements, IT departments can achieve high levels of customer satisfaction. This book is aimed at Intermediate Certificate candidates and people within organisations of any size who are tasked with service portfolio management, business relationship management, service catalogue management, service level management, demand management, supplier management and financial management. An intermediate level guide, it provides clarification and expansion of the core ITIL texts. This new edition reflects the current thinking from ITIL, in particular the greater emphasis on business relationship management, and is aligned to the latest syllabus for the Intermediate Certificate in Service Offerings and Agreements."
Rosa and the magic moonstone
How not to audition : avoiding the common mistakes most actors make
Catalytic and therapeutic characteristics of human recombinant glycosylasparaginase and bacterial L-asparaginases
How to teach for exams
The effect of ammonium ferric hexacyanoferrate on reducing radiocaesium transfer from grass silage to sheep
Modelling of ischemic stroke : focus on co-morbidities and therapeutic intervention
A single and uniform fertilizer application may lead to ineffective crop nutrient uptake and use. In order to enhance nutrient use efficiency the application should be adjusted according to the need of the cultivated crop. This task is challenging because weather is unknown and unpredictable over the upcoming growing season. One solution is site-specific fertilizer application in several separate events throughout the season. Such a precision fertilization method requires information on the current crop state (e.g. the availability of water and nutrients in the soil) and a crop growth model that aims to assess current crop growth and near future needs. A field experiment with varying radiation, precipitation and nutrient conditions was established to test our crop growth model performance. Spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) was grown using three fertilization rates with three precipitation and two radiation treatments within each fertilization treatment. The observed crop biomass accumulation in the highest fertilization treatment was considered as the highest possible in the prevailing conditions. The simulated (maximal) biomass accumulation was in agreement with the highest observed biomass yield. The results were found promising for further use of the model in crop growth evaluation during the growing season.
Experiments in blueberry culture
Adapting National Forest Inventories to changing requirements - the case of the Swedish National Forest Inventory at the turn of the 20th century
Novel neurotrophic treatments in rats and toxin sensitivity of genetically modified mice in the unilateral 6 OHDA model of Parkinson's disease
Basic clinical laboratory techniques
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
Effects of gradual replacement of rapeseed cake with linseed cake in a grass silage-based diet for dairy cows
Stitch Head
Fantastic voyage
Engineered nanoparticles : effects in mouse respiratory tract and occupational exposure during flame spray process
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
MCTS self-paced training kit (exam 70-236) : configuring Microsoft Exchange Server 2007
Advances in test anxiety research. Vol. 2
GMAT® for dummies
Heat fundamentals : funtastic science activities for kids
Chemistry for every kid : 101 easy experiments that really work
Testing communicative performance : an interim study
Micellar-enhanced ultrafiltration for the removal of heavy metals from phosphorous-rich wastewaters : from end-of-pipe to clean technology
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
Questions and answers for the private pilot's licence
Chemistry is magic : or the saga of Gilbert
Behavior of martensitic wear resistant steels in abrasion and impact wear testing conditions
Laboratories in mathematical experimentation : a bridge to higher mathematics
New deal. 1, Kokeet
Statistics : vocabulary and symbols. Part 3, Design of experiments
Experimental organic chemistry : principles and practice
Trust the worldwide bestselling study guide to help you prepare for the GMAT: "The Official Guide for GMAT Review - 12th Edition". Here's what you'll find inside the only book on the market written by the creators of the exam. It offers: more than 800 questions from past GMAT tests - including 250 that have never before been published; full answers and detailed explanations for all questions; grammar review covering concepts tested on the GMAT Verbal section; comprehensive math review of the topics tested on the GMAT Quantitative section; actual essay topics, sample responses, and scoring information; and, questions organized in order of difficulty to save study time.
Experiments in organic chemistry : a laboratory manual designed to accompany outlines of organic chemistry
Inventions : discover some of the amazing technology of the past, with more than 20 fun and fascinating projects
The behavior of stabilized high-chromium ferritic stainless steels in hot deformation
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
This title considers why summative assessment in English is difficult and explores viewing it as an arts subject rather than one which is quantifiable and assessable objectively. "Testing English" considers why English is such a difficult subject to assess summatively and takes the view that English is an arts subject rather than one which is quantifiable and assessable objectively. Bethan Marshall examines the nature of the subject, the battlegrounds of examinations over the last 100 years and considers some of the solutions that have been put in place to overcome the problem both in the UK and abroad. "Testing English" looks at the way English lends itself to formative assessment in that it actively encourages dialogue with the pupils in the absence of 'right answers'. It explores the complex relationship between formative and summative assessment and considers the relationship in the light of the introduction of Assessing Pupil's Progress (APP). It is an essential reading for postgraduate students and researchers looking at the complexities involved in assessing English.
Clinical tests of respiratory function
F in spelling : the funniest test paper blunders
Thought experiment : on the powers and limits of imaginary cases
Selected pharmacological testing methods
Biomedical technology and human rights
Synergistic activation of salmon cardiac function by endothelin and -adrenergic stimulation
Language anxiety and test anxiety : a study of Finnish 8th grade students and adult learners of English
Language testing : the construction and use of foreign language tests : a teacher's book
Professional speed date: a new method for efficient oral examination
Emerging international norms for clinical testing : good clinical trial practice
Advances in test anxiety research
Mapping forest plots : an efficient method combining photogrammetry and field triangulation
Cardiological studies in mice : special emphasis on gene therapy, imaging and ECG findings
Dreamveil : a novel of the Kyndred
Identifying virus-host interactions critical for alphavirus-mediated oncolysis
Splish! Splosh! : why do we wash?
Hippocampal field potentials in animal models of Alzheimer's disease
NFI plots as complementary reference data in forest inventory based on airborne laser scanning and aerial photography in Finland
Summary.
How to pass exams without anxiety : Every candidate's guide to success
Alice-Miranda at school
Laboratory measurements of stress modulation by wawe groups
The role of Abl2 in T cell activation in experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis
Advances in test anxiety research. Vol. 4
Ethics of animal use
The tale of Raw Head & Bloody Bones
Testing the use of an analytical and mechanistic C3 - biomass accumulation model for precision fertilization
The effects of prolyl oligopeptidase inhibition in α-synuclein based mouse models of Parkinson’s disease
Novel animal models and gene therapy applications for glioblastoma multiforme
Seven experiments that could change the world : do-it-yourself guide to revolutionary science
Effects of litter and cage furniture on mouse anxiety-like behaviour
Cisco CCNP TSHOOT simplified : your complete guide to passing the CCNP TSHOOT exam
The official guide for GMAT review
Effect of high intensity training on insulin sensitivity, glucose tolerance and body composition in rats models of low and high aerobic response to training
The Scientific American book of projects for the amateur scientist
Chemical demonstrations : a sourcebook for teachers. Vol. 1
Crop variety trials : data management and analysis
Frost resistance of F-concrete
How to forget
Assessment : problems, developments and statistical issues : a volume of expert contributions
Negotiated evaluation : involving children and parents in the process
All about volcanoes : amazing explosion, earthquakes and eruptions
Secondary neuropathology after experimental stroke : with special emphasis on calcium, amyloid and inflammation
Medical research on children in Europe : for or against human rights?
Sneakier uses for everyday things : how to turn a calculator into a metal detector, carry a survival kit in a shoestring, make a gas mask with a balloon, turn dishwashing liquid into a copy machine, convert a styrofoam cup into a speaker, and make a spy gadget jacket with everyday things
Don't turn around
Backyard science
Addressing test anxiety in a high-stakes environment : strategies for classrooms and schools
A modified nominal stress method for fatigue assessment of steel plates with thermally cut edges
