http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4131 naval battles
naval battles
Nelson and the Nile : the naval war against Bonaparte, 1798
Nelson's navy : the ships, men and organisation 1793-1815
Escape of the Amethyst
Niels Juel : a Danish admiral of the 17th century
This is a major new account of the Battle of Jutland, the key naval battle of the First World War in which the British Grand Fleet engaged the German High Seas Fleet off the coast of Denmark in 1916. Beginning with the building of the two fleets, John Brooks reveals the key technologies employed, from ammunition, gunnery and fire control, to signalling and torpedoes, as well as the opposing commanders' tactical expectations and battle orders. In describing Jutland's five major phases, he offers important new interpretations of the battle itself and how the outcome was influenced by technology, as well as the tactics and leadership of the principal commanders, with the reliability of their own accounts of the fighting reassessed. The book draws on contemporary sources which have rarely been cited in previous accounts, including the despatches of both the British and German formations, along with official records, letters and memoirs.
Sea power in the medieval Mediterranean : the Catalan-Aragonese fleet in the war of the Sicilian Vespers
The Reaver
Captain Will Laurence and his noble dragon Temeraire battle against Bonaparte's invading forces.  When China discovers that their rare gift, meant for Napoleon, is now in the hands of the British forces, they demand the return of the dragon
Maritime strategy and continental wars
The Fort
Drake : the life and legend of an Elizabethian hero
Operations in North African waters : October 1942-June 1943
D-Day, 1944 : voices from Normandy
Octavian's campsite memorial for the Actian War
Struggles in the Baltic : the Estonian and the British Royal Navies' operations in the Baltic during the Estonian War of Independence, 1918-1919
Victory of the West : the great Christian-Muslim clash at the Battle of Lepanto
The Times history of war
Empire and Holy War in the Mediterranean : the galley and maritime conflict between the Habsburg and Ottoman empires
A ship of war
Radar at sea : the Royal Navy in World War 2
The influence of sea power upon history 1660-1783
Raid on St. Nazaire
From Libau to Tsushima : a narrative of the voyage of admiral Rojdestvensky's fleet to eastern seas, including a detailed account of the Dogger Bank incident
Throne of jade
Naval battles of the first world war
Maritime supremacy & the opening of the western min : naval campaigns that shaped the modern world, 1588-1782
The battle for Leyte Gulf
The Tsar's last armada : the epic journey to the Battle of Tsushima
"I.D." : new tales of the submarine war
The big blockade
Naval engagements during the Estonian War of Independence (1918-1919) formed a major part in her epic struggle for survival. She had the good fortune to have Britain as her ally with the Royal Navy in support. The Estonian and British fleets succeeded over the course of 13 months in eliminating the threat from the Red navy in the Baltic, thereby ensuring Estonia's independence.
Zeebrugge : St. Georgia's day, 1918
Wolfpack : U-boats at war 1939-1945
The Japanese at Leyte Gulf : the Shō operation
The armada
Izučenie pamâtnikov morskoj arheologii = Study on the maritime archaeology. 4
The Nelson touch : the life and legend of Horatio Nelson
76 hours : the invasion of Tarawa
The Spanish armada
Warship. [Volume XXXV], 2013
Treason's harbour
World War II in the Philippines : a pictorial review
The battle of the Atlantic : September 1939-May 1943
The Spanish Armada
Flawed victory : Jutland, 1916
A nautical compendium covers a wide range of topics from ships, maritime slang, and famous naval battles to villains of the high seas and remarkable sea creatures.
A moving historical adventure set against the backdrop of the last great sea battle - the Battle of Lepanto - ever fought in the Mediterranean / WorldCat.
Malta at war
Black wind
Ship of Rome
One Piece : Pirate warriors. 2 : PlayStation 3
The ship-busters : the story of the R.A.F. torpedo-bombers
Killing the Bismarck : destroying the pride of Hitler's fleet
The illustrated companion to Nelson's Navy
The coal-scuttle brigade
Master of Rome
The "Tale of the Heike" is Japan's great martial epic; a masterpiece of world literature and the progenitor of all samurai stories, now in a major and groundbreaking new translation by Royall Tyler, acclaimed translator of "The Tale of Genji". First assembled from scattered oral poems in the early fourteenth century, "The Tale of the Heike" is Japan's Iliad - a grand-scale depiction of the wars between the Heike and Genji clans. Legendary for its magnificent and vivid set battle scenes, it is also a work filled with intimate human dramas and emotions, contemplating Buddhist themes of suffering and separation, as well as universal insights into love, loss and loyalty. The narrative moves back and forth between the two great warring clans, between aristocratic society and street life, adults and children, great crowds and introspection. No Japanese work has had a greater impact on subsequent literature, theatre, music and films, or on Japan's sense of its own past. Royall Tyler's new translation is the first to capture the way "The Tale of the Heike" was originally performed. It re-creates the work in its full operatic form, with speech, poetry, blank verse and song that convey its character as an oral epic in a way not seen before, fully embracing the rich and vigorous language of the original texts. Beautifully illustrated with fifty-five woodcuts from the nineteenth-century artistic master, Katsushika Hokusai, and bolstered with maps, character guides, genealogies and rich annotation, this is a landmark edition. Royall Tyler taught Japanese language and literature for many years at the Australian National University. He has a B.A. from Harvard University and a PhD from Columbia University and has taught at Harvard, Stanford and the University of Wisconsin. His translation of "The Tale of Genji" was acclaimed by publications such as "The New York Times Book Review".
The Battle of Jutland
The Imperial War Museum book of the war at sea : the Royal Navy in the Second World War
Spanish Armada
One Piece : Pirate warriors : PlayStation 3
Nelson & Napoleon : exhibition guide : english
Xerxes' Greek adventure : the naval perspective
An Illustrated Guide to Modern Submarines : The undersea weapons that rule the oceans today
Jane's dictionary of naval terms
Master and commander : maailman laidalla
The battle of Trafalgar : Lord Nelson sweeps the sea
HMS Victory : classic ships no 1 : their history and how to model them
Battle at sea : 3,000 years of naval warfare
The navy that beat Napoleon
The tale of the Heike
H.M.S. London
Trafalgar : the biography of a battle
Stopping Napoleon : war and intrigue in the Mediterranean
Naval battles of the civil war
The Dutch navy of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
HMS Victory
Carnage and culture : landmark battles in the rise of Western power
The conway history of seafaring in the twentieth century
The golden route
The battle of Copenhagen 1801 : Nelson and the Danes
Some famous sea fights
Stornoway in world War Two
The mammoth book of men o' war
Master and commander : Maailman laidalla
Convoy "Maniac" - R.B.1
The Jutland scandal
"In the 4th book of the multi-author Sundering series launched by New York Times best-selling author R.A. Salvatore, Richard Lee Byers introduces Anton Marivaldi--a renowned reaver with an insatiable thirst for bounty and a moral compass that always leads him toward the evil he's never tried.  Endless, pounding rain afflict the Sea of Fallen Stars and the coastal regions surrounding it. Harvests are failing, travel and trade are disrupted, and civilized forces are giving way to the deluges caused by the storms. In panic and despair, many have turned to the goddess Umberlee, Queen of the Deeps, offering her sacrifices with hope that they will be spared the inevitable reckoning of her perpetual tempest.  Evendur Highcastle, undead pirate captain, risen from the depths to assume the mantle of Umberlee's Chosen, takes advantage of the people's desperation to strike for both spiritual and temporal power in her name.  Vying with Highcastle for the hearts and minds of the people is Stedd Whitehorn, a little boy and the chosen of a god thought lost to time: Lathander, the Morninglord. In a time of such upheaval, Stedd's message of renewal and hope runs in stark contrast to the savage ethos of Highcastle and his waveservants.  When Anton captures the boy in order to collect Highcastle's considerable bounty, the reaver is quickly caught in the riptide caused by the sundering of worlds"--
Captain of Rome
The world of Atlas of pirates : treasures and treachery on the seven seas, in maps, tall tales, and pictures
Pearl Harbor
Cowan's war : the story of British naval operations in the Baltic, 1918-1920
John Paul Jones and the Bonhomme Richard : a reconstruction of the ship and an account of the battle with H.M.S. Serapis
Breverton's nautical curiosities : a book of the sea
The great siege : [Malta 1565]
The sea-raiders
Subsmash : the mysterious disappearence of HM Submarine Affray
Pursuit : the chase and sinking of the Bismarck
II MAAILMANSODAN SUURET MERITAISTELUT : TOISEN MAAILMANSODAN SUURET MERITAISTELUT : 2. MAAILMANSODAN SUURET MERITAISTELUT
An invasion that failed : the French expedition to Irland, 1796
Jutland 1916 : twelve hours to win the war
The Caine mutiny : a novel by World War II
Dictionary of British naval battles
Epic sea battles
A very substantial, comprehensive dictionary containing entries on all the battles fought at sea by British fleets and ships since Anglo-Saxon times.
The Führer led but we overtook him
Pearl Harbor : December 7, 1941 : America's darkest day
Ordeal below zero : The heroic story of the arctic convoys in world war two
U-boat : 1936-45 (Type VIIA, B, C and Type VIIC/41) : owners' workshop manual : an insight into the design, construction and operation of the most feared German U-boat of the Second World War
Search, find and kill
The battle of Jutland Bank : May 31 - June 1, 1916
England and the Spanish Armada : the necessary quarrel
The year of Salamis 480-479 BC
HMS Victory : her construction, career and restoration
The story of the Great Armada
Victory
Pig boats : the true story of the fighting submariners of World War II
Imperialism at sea : naval strategic thought, the ideology of sea power and the Tripitz plan, 1875-1914
The influence of sea power upon history, 1660-1805
War beneath the sea : submarine conflict 1939-1945
War at sea : a naval atlas 1939-1945
Until the sea shall give up her dead
The battle of Tsu-shima between the Japanese and Russian fleets, fought on 27th may 1905
Angel of Venice
Great Sea battles
The hunt for red october
The Pacific
U-boats offshore : when Hitler struck America
The British battle fleet : its inception and growth throughout the centuries
A history of Russian and Soviet sea power
War at sea 1939-1945
The Grand Scuttle : the sinking of the German fleet at Scapa Flow in 1919
The defeat of the Spanish Armada
The rising sun in the Pacific, 1931-April 1942
Lost warships : an archaeological tour of war at sea
Max Horton and the western approaches : a biography of Admiral Sir Max Kennedy Horton
The Spanish armada : the experience of war in 1588
The conquest of the ocean : the illustrated history of seafaring
Merchantmen at war : the official story of the merchant navy 1939-1944
Nelson
Japan's fight for freedom : the story of the war between Russia and Japan
Deeds of naval daring : anecdotes of the British navy
Admiral Saumarez versus Napoleon : the Baltic, 1807-12
The challenge : America, Britain and the War of 1812
The Mighty Hood
The influence of sea power on ancient history
Warspite
Birds of prey
Robert Ballard's Bismarck
The heroes : daring raiders of the Pacific War
Crusaders, condottieri and cannon : medieval warfare in societies around the Mediterranean
An episode in the Spanish war 1739-1744
