http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4148 maize
maize
Biogas production from ensiled maize with and without hydrothermal pretreatment
Specialty corns
Supply response in underdeveloped agriculture : a case study of four major annual crops in Thailand, 1937-1963
World oilseeds : chemistry, technology, and utilization
Environmental risk assessment of genetically modified organisms. Vol. 1, A case study of Bt maize in Kenya
Compression behaviour and enteric film coating properties of cellulose esters
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 5, 2, Spirits of the corn and of the wild
Proceedings of the 2nd Asian regional maize workshop : Jakarta and East Java, Indonesia, April 27 to May 3, 1986.
Molecular studies of two endosperm expressed genes from cereals : maize ZmMybst1 and barley LTP1 = Molekylære studier av to emdosperm uttrykte gener fra kornartene mais ZmMybst! og bygg LTP1
Helminthosporia : metabolites, biology, plant diseases : Bipolaris, Drechslera, Exserohilum
Utilization of tropical foods: cereals : compendium on technological and nutritional aspects of processing and utilization of tropical foods, both animal and plant, for purposes of training and field reference
Modern corn production
The origin of maize cultivation
Maize and Grace : Africa's encounter with a New World crop, 1500-2000
Effect of clay soil strength and structure on root penetration and crop yield
Productivity, technical efficiency and cropping patterns in the savanna zone of Nigeria
An efficient method for identification and quantification of genetic modification of local, imported and food products of maize in Saudi Arabia using PCR-based markers and real-time PCR
Cloning and characterisation of xylanase genes from phytopathogenic fungi with a special reference to Helminthosporium turcicum, the cause of northern leaf blight of maize
Corn : chemistry and technology
The effect of processing methods on the nutritional properties of "ogi" produced from three maize varieties
Change and uncertainty in a peasant economy : the Maya corn farmers of Zinacantan
World silage : a survey of forage conservation around the world
On-farm post-harvest management of food grains : a manual for extension workers with special reference to Africa
The effect of Lactobacillus buchneri inoculation on the aerobic stability and fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass, red clover and maize silage
Women, mothers and maize production in Tanzania
Insect pests of maize : a quide for field identification
Snack foods processing
Mineral nutrition of maize
Policy reform in American agriculture : analysis and prognosis
Biophysical aspects of root growth dynamics and leaf responses to environmental stimuli : spectral, temporal and spatial investigations
There is clear evidence that higher quality produce fetches higher prices and simple post-harvest management practices can improve the quality of produce and increase farm income. In this regard, farmers can benefit greatly from advice and training in post-harvest management to maintain quality and add value to produce. This manual provides guidance on post-harvest management of food grains at the farm. It aims to guide extension workers on how to advise farmers in maintaining and adding value to the quality of their stored produce--Publisher's description.
Tropical maize : improvement and production
Directory of germplasm collections. 3, Cereals : 2. Maize
Epidemiology of bean common bacterial blight and maize rust in intercropping
Economic analysis of maize-tepary bean production using a soil fertility replenishment product (PREP-PAC) in semi-arid Eastern Kenya
The maze of maize : improving input and output market access for poor smallholders in Southern African region, the experience of Zambia and Malawi
Aerobic spoilage of silages occurs frequently and is undesirable because it reduces both its nutritive and hygienic quality. Silage inoculants containing heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria, like Lactobacillus buchneri, have already been proven to improve aerobic stability by augmented production of acetic acid, which inhibits yeasts. In this study, the effect of L. buchneri on fermentation characteristics and aerobic stability of alfalfa-ryegrass silage, red clover silage and maize silage was assessed using microsilos. Two dosages, 1×105 and 3×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter, were compared to untreated control silage. Inoculation with L. buchneri clearly altered the fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass and red clover silage, resulting in a significantly higher aerobic stability at both dosages. The effects of L. buchneri inoculation on maize silage were less clear, but nevertheless the aerobic stability of maize silage inoculated with 1×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter was significantly higher compared to the untreated silage.
An efficient feed management is important for a sustainable and economic agricultural production. One of the main points for improving the efficiency is the reduction of feed losses. In the present investigation the dry matter (DM) losses of grass, lucerne and maize silages in farm scaled bunker silos were analysed. The method of determining DM losses was the total-in versus total-out DM mass flow of the silos, including the determination of DM content and other silage parameters via manual sampling. The results taken from 48 silos showed on average for all investigated crops 9-12% of DM losses. Density and feed out rate showed a negative correlation to DM losses in maize silages. According to the applied method for determining DM losses on farm scale, a guideline of 8% can be suggested for maximum DM losses in bunker silos for grass and maize silages. The described method seems to be applicable for improving the feed management by using largely automated measurements on the harvest and feeding side.
Effects of different mineral nutrients on abscisic acid in maize (Zea mays)
Purification and partial characterization of xylanase from the fungal maize pathogen Helminthosporium turcicum (Pass)
Implications of feeding high levels of maize offal as energy source on the growth and cost of feed conversion of growing pigs
Toward insect resistant maize for the third world : proceedings of the International symposium on methodologies for developing host plant resistance to maize insects, CIMMYT, Mexico, 9-14 March 1987.
Impact of agricultural market liberalization on food security in developing countries : a comparative study of Kenya and Zambia
International agricultural research : the next 25 years : on the occasion of CIMMYT's 25th anniversary 1966-1991
Storage, trade, and price policy under production instability: maize in Kenya
Corn & capitalism : how a botanical bastard grew to global dominance
Breeding strategies for maize production improvement in the tropics
Yield and management of maize - Grevillea robusta agroforestry system in Kenya
Evaluation of urine as fertlizer for maize and cabbage production in Kaloko village, Zambia
Fermentation of milk and cereal products by probiotic bacteria
Feeding value of low quality grass silage supplemented with maize silage for sheep
Contexts of offerings and ritual maize in the pictographic record in Central Mexico
Global review of commercialized transgenic crops : 2002 feature : Bt maize
Recent advances in the conservation and utilization of genetic resources : proceedings of the Global maize germplasm workshop, CIMMYT, Mexico, 6-12 March 1988.
Yield and management of maize (Grevillea robusta) agroforestry system in Kenya
Comparative evaluation of the nutritional quality of corn, sorghum and millet ogi prepared by a modified traditional technique
Dynamics of nitrogen during wheat growth in a continuous maize-wheat system
The maize handbook
Influence of cotton plant population in the control of Striga hermonthica in maize under greenhouse condition
Corn is our blood : culture and ethnic identity in a contemporary Aztec Indian village
Performance of newly developed Striga lutea tolerant maize genotypes under artificial Striga infestation
The parching of the maize : an essay on the survival of Huichol ritual : by Peter T. Furst
Towards sustainable intensification of feedstock production with nutrient cycling
Effects of inoculation of Azospirillum sp. in maize seeds under field conditions
Strategies of WECAMAN to promote the adoption of sustainable maize production technologies in West and Central Africa
The menial art of cooking : archaeological studies of cooking and food preparation
Eradication strategy for maize downy mildew : proceedings of an African conference and workshop
Maize and winter wheat production with different soil tillage systems on silty loam
The effect of precooling delay on the quality of stored sweet corn
Activity density, diversity and seasonal dynamics of ground beetles (Coleoptera: Carabidae) in Bt- (MON810) and in isogenic maize stands
Aflatoxin in maize : a proceedings of the workshop, El Batan, Mexico, April 7-11, 1986
Handbook of cereal science and technology
James McNair's corn cookbook
Maize silage yield and quality response to starter phosphorus fertilizer in high phosphorus soils in New York
Effects of selenium on maize ovary development at pollination stage under water deficits
Looking a gift horse in the mouth : the case of Zambia's refusal to accept American food aid / by Cassandra Bergstrøm
Adoption of hybrid maize in Zambia : effects on gender roles, food consumption, and nutrition
Emerging Fusarium-mycotoxins in Finland
Biogas production from high-yielding energy crops in boreal conditions
Evaluation of some maize inbred lines for tolerance to Striga lutea (Lour) in Southern Guinea savanna ecology
Enduring designs for change : an account of CIMMYT's research, Its impact, and Its future directions
The chemistry and technology of cereals as food and feed
Handbook of maize : its biology
Improving drought tolerance of field crops by foliar application of glycinebetaine
Evaluation of the profitability of forest plantations in the Philippines using conventional and extended cost-benefit analysis
Scale and complexity in plant systems research : gene-plant-crop relations
Biotechnology and developing country agriculture : the case of maize
The Tripsacinae : an interdisciplinary review of maize (Zea mays) and its relatives
Land suitability evaluation for principal crops in the Abbas Plain, Southwest Iran
Cereals
Comparison of eight maize (Zea mays L.) cultivars to produce fermentable sugars for bioenergy in southern of Finland
Technical guideline for maize seed technology
Use of amaranth, quinoa, kañiwa and lupine for the development of gluten-free extruded snacks
Much depends on dinner : the extraordinary history and mythology, allure and obsessions, perils and taboos, of an ordinary meal
Fodder success story : improved fodder crop production in the northern areas of Pakistan
Farming practices and crop production : an exploratory study of farming strategies vs. maizeproduction in Makanya village, Tanzania
Dry matter losses of grass, lucerne and maize silages in bunker silos
Fusarium species and fumonisins in maize in Zambia = Fusarium arter og fumonisiner i mais i Zambia
In vitro studies on pollen germination and pollen tube growth in maize
To feed ourselves : a proceedings of the First Eastern, Central and Southern Africa Regional Maize Workshop, Lusaka, Zambia, March 10-17, 1985.
Soil quality and biofuel production
Improvement and production of maize, sorghum and millets : (manual based mainly on lectures delivered at the First FAO/SIDA Training Centre on maize, sorghum and millets for Africa and the Near East, held in India from June to November 1971)
Yield and management of maize : Grevillea robusta agroforestry system in Kenya
Maize hybrids cultivation in Nigeria : a review
Forward and reverse genetics approaches in the elucidation of endosperm development in maize (Zea mays) : molecular cloning of Dek1 involved in aleurone cell development, phenotypic analyses of the disorgal mutants affected in aleurone cell organization and characterization of MADS-box genes expressed in the maize kernel
Maize, markets & livelihoods : state intervention and agrarian change in Luapula province, Zambia, 1950-1995
Maize research and development in Pakistan
The control of damages caused by maize weevils (Sitophilus oryzea Motsc) to stored maize grains using cardamon and black pepper
The aim of this study was to determine the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) used as an organic fertilizer on maize grown for grain. A two-factorial field experiment in a randomized block design was carried out in 2010 and 2011, in north-eastern Poland. Experimental factor I was MBM dose (1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1), and experimental factor II was the year of the study (two consecutive years). Increasing MBM doses contributed to an increase in maize grain yield and 1000-grain weight. The yield-forming effect of MBM applied at 1.5 t ha-1 year-1 was comparable with that of nitrogen and phosphorus contained in mineral fertilizers. A dose of 2.5 t ha-1 MBM led to a significant increase in maize grain yield. The P and K content of maize grain was determined by MBM dose, whereas the concentrations of N, Mg and Ca in grain were not affected by MBM dose. Significantly higher N, P, K and Mg uptake by maize plants was observed in treatments with the highest MBM dose, compared with the control tratment. Nitrogen and phosphorus uptake per 1 t MBM reached 101 kg and 26 kg, respectively. The results of a two-year study show that the maximum MBM dose (2.5 t ha-1 year-1) met the fertilizer requirements of maize with respect to nitrogen and phosphorus.
Corn and corn improvement
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 5, 1, Spirits of the corn and of the wild
Principles of cereal science and technology
The future development of maize and wheat in the Third World
Endosperm : developmental and molecular biology
Microbiological quality of ogi and soy-ogi (a Nigerian fermented cereal porridge) widely consumed and notable weaning food in southern Nigeria
Silage science and technology
Molecular and physiological changes in maize (Zea mays) induced by exogenous NAA, ABA and MeJa during cold stress
Survey of weeds in maize crops in Europe
A proposed method for sampling, detection and quantification of maize kernels using traditional and real-time PCR
Assessment and comparison of three crop growth models under tropical climate conditions
Evaluation of fresh and preserved herbaceous field crops for biogas and ethanol production
Influence of plant developmental stage on DNA yield and extractability in MON810 maize
Ferrocement stores for bagged grain and other purposes : a minor field study
Cereal pests and diseases
Fate of aflatoxin in cereals and cereal products during processing
Cereals and cereal products : chemistry and technology
The amount and extractability of DNA in different parts of MON810 GM hybrid was studied during different developmental stages. To quantify GM contents, an evaluation was performed of the effect of plant development stage on DNA density. To this end, the evolution of weights, absolute DNA yields, DNA densities and ratios of endosperm and embryo relative to total maize kernel were studied. Sampling at four stages during the growth shows an influence on relative GM quantification based on haploid genome equivalents, due to the specific maize seed composition and differences in DNA extractability from different seed tissues. During plant growth, plant parts with potential GM genes (embryo in kernel and cob on total plant) increase in importance on weight and DNA concentration level, while the endosperm drops in relative importance. Expected % GM maize values are calculated for a whole field harvest of grain maize.
Today's excessive use of croplands and the resulting damages along with the ever-increasing demand for further crop productions have necessitated the best land management practices more than ever. Due to the current lack of any proper land management practices for Abbas plain in Elam Province, southwest Iran, a land suitability evaluation study for key productions of the region, including wheat, alfalfa, maize and barley, covering an area of 29,300 ha was carried out in the region. Using the findings of the semi-detailed soil studies for this area, 4 soil families and 11 soil series in 3 physiographic units were identified. Physiologic requirements of each crop were also determined and rated. Qualitative evaluation was carried out by means of simple limitation and parametric methods (Storie and Root Square Method) and comparing land and climate characteristics with crop needs. The indexes obtained for barley (68.85, moderately suitable), alfalfa (66.00, moderately suitable) and wheat (65.91, moderately suitable) were higher in comparison to that developed for maize (43.91, marginally suitable). Limiting factors in different crop yields in the region along with climatic variables included land slope and soil physical properties, especially soil texture and carbonate content. From the two methods used, i.e. simple limitation and parametric methods (Storie and Square Root Method), square root method produced more realistic results in respect to the existing conditions of the region.
The effect of increasing doses of meat and bone meal (MBM) on maize (Zea mays L.) grown for grain
