http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4141 right-wing ideology
right-wing ideology
Religion in American politics : a short history
Power systems : conversations with David Barsamian on global democratic uprisings and the new challenges to U.S. empire
Political conservatism and left-right orientation in 24 Eastern and Western European countries
Direct democracy and its crisis : support for direct democracy and ʻstealth̕ democracy in Finland
Onward Christian soldiers? : the religious right in American politics
After 9/11 : cultural dimensions of American global power
Politics of fear
Political correctness and the theoretical struggle : [from Lenin and Mao to Marcuse and Foucault]
Left and right in global politics
The great debate : Edmund Burke, Thomas Paine, and the birth of right and left
The media and the far right in western Europe : playing the nationalist card
Frames of war : when is life grievable?
Goddess of the market : Ayn Rand and the American Right
Immigration, the extreme right and electoral context : the finnish case
XXXI Congress of the Finnish Social Democratic Party, 8-11.6.1978
America's right : anti-establishment conservatism from Goldwater to the Tea Party
Fools, frauds and firebrands : thinkers of the new left
Media and left
Mobilizing on the extreme right : Germany, Italy, and the United States
The radical right : report on the John Birch Society and its allies
Cuba, the United States, and cultures of the transnational left, 1930-1975
Social change in the twentieth century
Fundamentalism in America : millennialism, identity and militant religion
The conservative turn : Lionel Trilling, Whittaker Chambers, and the lessons of anti-communism
Patriots, politics, and the Oklahoma City bombing
Everyday nationalism : women of the Hindu right in India
Transforming America : politics and culture in the Reagan years
The new political culture
Farewell to the leftist working class
"In The Great Debate Yuval Levin explores the origins of the familiar left/right divide in American politics by examining the views of the men who best represent each side of that debate: Edmund Burke and Thomas Paine. In a groundbreaking exploration of the origins of our political order, Levin shows that our political divide did not originate (as many historians argue) in the French Revolution, but rather in the Anglo-American debate about that revolution. Burke and Paine were both utterly fascinating figures--active in politics, versed in philosophy, and two of the best, most effective and powerful political writers and polemicists in the history of the English speaking world. Levin sets the work of these two men against the dramatic history of their era and shows how they mixed theory and practice to advance their very different notions of liberty, equality, nature, history, reason, revolution, and reform. Paine believed in radical change and saw the American and French Revolutions as catalysts for creating a new society; Burke believed in a significantly more gradual approach with each generation acting merely as part of a long chain of history. These differing approaches to revolution and reform created a division that continues to shape our current political discourse--including issues ranging from gun control and abortion to welfare and economic reform"--
Right-wing populism and the media
Populist radical right parties in Europe
The politics of small things : the power of the powerless in dark times
Latin America's left turns : politics, policies, and trajectories of change
Blinded by the right : the conscience of an ex-conservative
The opium of the intellectuals
The assassination of Yitzhak Rabin
Princeton theologian Mark Taylor analyzes right-wing Christian movements in the United States amid the powers of religion, politics, empire, and corporate classes in post-9/11 USA.The real gift of Taylor's book is his argument that this militant Christian faith must be viewed against a backdrop of the American political romanticism and corporatist liberalism of U.S. past and present. Taylor uses the best of cultural and historical studies, while deftly drawing lessons for American readers from theologian Paul Tillich's analysis of power and religion during the rise of fascism and nationalism in Germany of the 1930s.The result is an innovative framework for interpreting how Christian nationalists, Pentagon war planners and corporate institutions today are forging alliances in the U.S. that have dramatic and destructive global impact. Moving beyond lament, Taylor also leaves readers with a new romance of revolutionary traditions and a new more radical liberalism, revitalizing American visions of spirit that are both prophetic and public for U.S. residents today.
Modern political ideologies
Endgames : questions in late modern political thought
Representing 'race' : racisms, ethnicities and media
Right response : understanding and countering populist extremism in Europe
The culture of fascism : visions of the Far Right in Britain
The rebellion of Ronald Reagan : a history of the end of the Cold War
"Since 2009, the UK Independence Party (UKIP) has become the most successful challenger to the main parties in postwar English politics. Yet with the radical right on the rise, important questions remain unanswered. What trends in modern Britain have made the rise of UKIP possible? How has the party modified its organization, strategy and ideology in the quest to forge ties with voters? Who is voting for the populist radical right in Britain, and why? To what extent, if at all, are UKIP supporters the mirror image of radical right voters in Europe, and where might the party go next? Based on an unprecedented amount of data, from surveys of UKIP voters to extensive interviews with UKIP insiders, Robert Ford and Matthew Goodwin explore the wider trends that gave birth to UKIP, how the party has evolved, and who is shifting behind UKIP at elections. The book provides unprecedented insight into public support for the radical right in Britain, and contains important insights for those who are tasked with responding to the radical right challenge"--
The thinkers who have been most influential on the attitudes of the New Left are examined in this study by one of the leading critics of leftist orientations in modern Western civilization. Scruton begins with a ruthless analysis of New Leftism and concludes with a critique of the key strands in its thinking. He conducts a reappraisal of such major left-wing thinkers as: E. P. Thompson, Ronald Dworkin, R. D. Laing, Jurgen Habermas, Gyorgy Lukacs, Jean-Paul Sartre, Jacques Derrida, Slavoj Zizek, Ralph Milliband and Eric Hobsbawm. In addition to assessments of these thinkers' philosophical and political contributions, the book contains a biographical and bibliographical section summarizing their careers and most important writings. In Thinkers of the New Left Scruton asks, what does the Left look like today and as it has evolved since 1989? He charts the transfer of grievances from the working class to women, gays and immigrants, asks what can we put in the place of radical egalitarianism, and what explains the continued dominance of antinomian attitudes in the intellectual world? Can there be any foundation for resistance to the leftist agenda without religious faith? Scruton's exploration of these important issues is written with skill, perception and at all times with pellucid clarity. The result is a devastating critique of modern left-wing thinking.
What is radical politics today?
Redeeming America : piety and politics in the New Christian Right
Religion, politics, and the Christian right : post-9/11 powers and American empire
Trinity of passion : the literary left and the antifascist crusade
The university in chains : confronting the military-industrial-academic complex
Revolt on the right : explaining support for the radical right in Britain
Encyclopedia of politics : the left and the right
Latin America's Cold War
What's the matter with America? : the resistible rise of the American right
Reaganism, Thatcherism and the social novel
The conservative tradition in American thought : an anthology
The politics of unreason : right-wing extremism in America, 1790-1977
Class politics and the radical right
Western democracies and the new extreme right challenge
Radical right-wing populist parties in Western Europe : into the mainstream?
Mapping the extreme right in contemporary Europe : from local to transnational
