http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p415 research methods
research methods
Research methods for nursing and healthcare
Using photographs as a data collection method in family research
Research methods for business students
Research methodology in education
Research methods for students, academics and professionals : information management and systems
Methodological imaginations
Empirical methods for the study of labor force dynamics
My present work with retrospective method
Design poiesis : an inquiry on outcomes in the use of method and methodology
Social research : strategy and tactics
An introduction to Rasch's measurement model : paper presented at the Nordic Researchers' course 'Rasch models in the social and behavioral sciences', September 29 - October 6, 1980
Routledge handbook of applied communication research
Aggregation of a flexible functional form namely quadratic functions are considered. The representation proceeds from simple to more complicated and ends with aggregating an arbitrary number of agentspecific quadratic functions.
Handbook of research on sport and business
Methods in virology. Vol 5
Relativistic atomic structure calculations applied to electronic transitions in atoms
Qualitative and quantitative methods in libraries : theory and applications : proceedings of the International Conference on QQML2009, Chania, Crete, Greece, 26-29 May 2009
Introduction to experimental ecology
Disability studies has engaged with discourse analysis in key works both from the UK and the USA. While the perspectives and analyses of discourse analysis have proved well suited for exploring disability, however, its methods have not been sufficiently developed in a disability studies context. Conversely, discourse analysts have traditionally been concerned with social issues and fields in which asymmetric power relations, marginalization, and discrimination play a central role, e.g. gender, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation, all of which share many analytical features with disability. But although efforts have been made to integrate disability into the discourse analysis and conversation analysis canon, the link between the two fields needs to be strengthened.This ground-breaking volume contributes to this link by thoroughly applying the analytical vocabulary of discourse analysis to issues that are central to the field of disability studies. It strengthens disability studies by supplying case studies of representations and constructions of disability and disabled people in discourse, theorizes the role played by language in the social construction of disability, and makes disability a more salient topic for discourse analysts.
Methods in microbiology. Vol 7B
Quality and quantity : international journal of methodology
Multi-purpose methods for ionospheric radar measurements
Research methods for studying groups and teams : a guide to approaches, tools, and technologies
Exploring the dynamics of multilingualism : the DYLAN project
Research methods for leisure and tourism : a practical guide
Handbook of longitudinal research
Ethical decision making in social research : a practical guide
Understanding language choice : a guide to sociolinguistic assessment
Introduction to geographic field methods and techniques
Quantifying the indicator power of an indicator species
A comprehensive introduction to research methods in business for students planning or undertaking a dissertation or extensive research project in business and management. The sixth edition of Research Methods for Business Students brings the theory, philosophy and techniques of research to life and enables students to understand the practical relevance of the research methods. A highly accessible style and logical structure have made this the 'student choice' and run-away market leader. The book is written for students on undergraduate and postgraduate degree programmes in business, or business-related disciplines. The following online resources support the text: *For Students: self-assessment questions, glossary, revision "flashcards", tutorials for SPSS and NVivo, plus Smarter Online Searching Guide.
Methods in virology. Vol 1
On the aggregation of quadratic micro equations
The development and widespread use of Web surveys have resulted in an outpouring of research on their design. In this volume, Tourangeau, Conrad, and Couper provide a comprehensive summary and synthesis of the literature on this increasingly popular method of data collection. The book includes new integration of the authors' work with other important research on Web surveys, including a meta-analysis of studies that compare reports on sensitive topics in Web surveys with reports collected in other modes of data collection. Adopting the total survey error framework, the book examines sampling and coverage issues, nonresponse, measurement, and the issues involved in combining modes. In addition, the conclusion provides a model for understanding the errors in estimates that combine data collected in more than one mode. Web surveys have several important characteristics that affect their ability to collect accurate survey data. Discussing these in detail, the authors address basic design decisions from input widgets to background colors. They additionally focus on the visual character of Web surveys, on their ability to automatically interact with respondents, and on the Web as a method of self-administration. The Science of Web Surveys is relevant for those with the practical goal of improving their own surveys and those with an interest in understanding an increasingly important method of data collection.
Summary in Estonian.
Design research (applied action research) as thesis research : a practical guide for thesis research
Student evaluation in higher education : reconceptualising the student voice
Cartographie des methodologies en traduction = Charting research methods in translation studies
Ethnographic methods
What is cultural history?
Geographical information systems and science
Research methods in education
Research design and methods : a process approach
Nursing research : principles and methods
Anthropological research : process and application
A history of Central European archaeology : theory, methods and politics
New developments in archaeological science : a joint symposium of the Royal Society and the British Academy, February 1991
Debates on evaluation
Theory and methods in political science
Instructor's manual to accompany Approaches to social research
Max Weber : collected methodological writings
Fieldwork in educational settings : methods, pitfalls, and perspectives
The comparative analysis of human societies : toward common standards for data collection and reporting
Eye tracking the user experience : a practical guide
Methods in virology. Vol 2
Numerical simulation of fluid-structure interaction between acoustic and elastic waves
Research methods in sport studies and sport management : a practical guide
Political science research methods
Research methods for education
Using mixed methods : frameworks for an integrated methodology
Qualitative data analysis : a user-friendly guide for social scientists
Methodological developments in ethnography
Research guide in philosophy
This book takes a fresh 'how to' approach to Practice as Research. At the 'performance turn' it argues that old prejudices should be abandoned and that a PaR methodology and its modes of 'doing-knowing' should be fully accepted in the academy. It refines Robin Nelson's earlier models for PaR but sustains the dynamic and dialogic interplay between different modes of knowledge-production in a multi-mode research inquiry. It advances strategies for articulating and evidencing the research inquiry and offers practical guidance to practitioner-researchers on how to conduct a PaR inquiry. With reference to examples drawn from a decade of supervisory, examining and audit experience, Nelson addresses - and offers answers to - the many questions students, professional practitioner-researchers, regulators and examiners have posed in this domain. To broaden the perspective and take account of differing levels of acceptance and development of programmes in PaR around the word, in Part II of the book six international contributors respond to Part I and afford cross-sights from the standpoint of their territory (covering the US, Europe, South Africa and New Zealand).
Implementing the research plan : a guide for the helping professions
The Rasch model for dichotomous items : theory, applications and a computer program
The interview as a research instrument : paper presented at the NFPF (Nordic Society for Educational Research) annual conference, October 25-28, 1979, Lillehammer, Norway
The Routledge Handbook of Applied Communication Research provides a state-of-the-art review of communication scholarship that addresses real-world concerns, issues, and problems. This comprehensive examination of applied communication research - including its foundations, research methods employed, significant issues confronted, important contexts in which such research has been conducted, and overviews of some exemplary programs of applied communication research shows how such research has and can make a difference in the world and in people's lives. Unique to this volume are chapters presenting exemplary programs of applied communication research that demonstrate the principles and practices of such scholarship, written by the scholars who conducted the programs.
Disability and discourse analysis
Ethnography essentials : designing, conducting, and presenting your research
Methods in microbiology. Vol. 5A
Approaches to social research
The Routledge international handbook on narrative and life history
The use of multi-variable methods in regional geographical analysis
Exploring the city : inquiries toward an urban anthropology
Do the parts determine the whole or is the whole more than the sum of its parts? We consider the possibility of unified science in economics, where the macro behaviour is determined from its micro foundations. Classical impossibility results of aggregation deny this except in trivial special cases. When behavioural equations are expressed in change form (instead of levels), the connection between micro and macro formulations becomes a real possibility.
The study of behavior : Q-technique and its methodology
The science of web surveys
Building on the success of the 2003 Handbook of the Life Course, this second volume identifies future directions for life course research and policy. The introductory essay and the chapters that make up the five sections of this book, show consensus on strategic "next steps" in life course studies. These next steps are explored in detail in each section: Section I, on life course theory, provides fresh perspectives on well-established topics, including cohorts, life stages, and legal and regulatory contexts. It challenges life course scholars to move beyond common individualistic paradigms. Section II highlights changes in major institutional and organizational contexts of the life course. It draws on conceptual advances and recent empirical findings to identify promising avenues for research that illuminate the interplay between structure and agency. It examines trends in family, school, and workplace, as well as contexts that deserve heightened attention, including the military, the criminal justice system, and natural and man-made disaster. The remaining three sections consider advances and suggest strategic opportunities in the study of health and development throughout the life course. They explore methodological innovations, including qualitative and three-generational longitudinal research designs, causal analysis, growth curves, and the study of place. Finally, they show ways to build bridges between life course research and public policy.
Practical research and evaluation : a start-to-finish guide for practitioners
Investigations for a small business development in the field of hotel industry in Finland
The real life guide to accounting research : a behind-the-scenes view of using qualitative research methods
Question evaluation methods : contributing to the science of data quality
Understanding and doing successful research : data collection and analysis for the social sciences
Qualitative methods in management research
Statistical models for test equating, scaling, and linking
Enzyme assays : a practical approach
The past, present and future of Delphi
Statistical methods for food science : introductory procedures for the food practitioner
This rewritten, expanded and updated 7th edition of the long-running bestseller Research Methods in Education encompasses the whole range of methods currently employed by educational research at all stages. It offers plentiful and rich practical advice, underpinned by clear theoretical foundations, research evidence and up-to-date references. Chapters new to this edition cover: Causation, critical educational research, evaluation and the politics of research, including material on cross-cultural research, mixed methods and participatory research Choosing and planning a research project, including material on sampling, research questions, literature reviews and ethical issues Meta-analysis, research syntheses and systematic reviews Virtual worlds and internet research Using and analysing visual media and data in educational research Organizing and presenting qualitative data, content analysis, coding and computer analysis, themes, narratives, conversations and discourses, grounded theory Understanding and choosing statistical tests, descriptive and inferential statistics, multi-dimensional measurement and factor analysis Research Methods in Education is essential reading for both the professional researcher and students of education at undergraduate and postgraduate level, who need to understand how to plan, conduct, analyse and use research. The textbook is accompanied by a website: www.routledge.com/textbooks/cohen7e. PowerPoint slides for every chapter contain an outline of the chapter structure followed by a thorough summary of the key points, ideal for both lecturers and students.a Within the book a variety of internet resources are referred to and these references have been included here, with links to the websites.a A wide range of supplementary documents are available for many chapters, providing additional guidance and examples.a They range from guidelines for the contents of a research proposal with a worked example, to screen-print manuals for using SPSS and QSR N6 NUD*IST (exportable to N-Vivo) plus data files.
The conversion of material and energy flows into welfare in Finland : 1960-2000
Institutional ethnography as practice
Scientific inquiry and nature of science : implications for teaching, learning, and teacher education
Designing clinical research
Methods in virology. Vol 3
The politics of world politics
Research methods in psychology
Methods in microbiology. Vol 4
The archive project : archival research in the social sciences
Quantity and quality in social research
The fallacy of social science research : a critical examination and new qualitative model
Psychological research methods and statistics
Frame it simple! : towards a theory of conceptual designing
Perennial polypores as indicators of annual and red-listed polypores
Methods in microbiology. Vol 3B
Methods in microbiology. Vol 3A
The goal of this book is to emphasize the formal statistical features of the practice of equating, linking, and scaling. This book encourages the view and discusses the quality of the equating results from the statistical perspective (new models, robustness, fit, testing hypotheses, statistical monitoring) as opposed to placing the focus on the policy and the implications, which although very important, represent a different side of the equating practice. This book contributes to establishing 'equating' as a theoretical field, a view that has not been offered often before. The tradition in the practice of equating has been to present the knowledge and skills needed as a craft, which implies that only with years of experience under the guidance of a knowledgeable practitioner could one acquire the required skills. This book challenges this view by indicating how a good equating framework, a sound understanding of the assumptions that underlie the psychometric models, and the use of statistical tests and statistical process control tools can help the practitioner navigate the difficult decisions in choosing the final equating function. This book provides a valuable reference for several groups: statisticians and psychometricians interested in the theory behind equating methods, in the use of model-based statistical methods for data smoothing, and in the evaluation of the equating results in applied work; practitioners who need to equate tests, including those with these responsibilities in testing companies, state testing agencies, and school districts; and, instructors in psychometric, measurement, and psychology programs.
Handbook of descriptive linguistic fieldwork
Qualitative data analysis with SPSS 12 and 13 : a guide for social scientists
What is age? A simple question but not that easy to answer. "Unmasking Age" addresses it using data from a series of research projects relating to later life. This is supplemented by material from a range of other sources including diaries and fiction. Drawing on a long career in social research, Bill Bytheway critically examines various methods and discusses ways of uncovering the realities of age.
33rd international symposium on archaeometry, April 22-26, 2002 Amsterdam, the Netherlands : Program and abstracts
Subject terms by author: psychiatric nursing, videotaped recordings, participant observation, data collection method, health service research
Electromagnetic methods in applied geophysics : applications : part A and part B
The relation between categories of description and an interview protocol in a case of phenomenographic research : paper presented at the Second Annual Human Science Research Conference, Duquesne University, Pittsburgh, P.A. USA, May 18-20, 1983
An introduction to qualitative research synthesis : managing the information explosion in social science research
The relation between categories of description and an interview protocol in a case of phenomenographic research : paper presented at the Second Annual Human Science Research Conference, Duquesne University, Pittsburgh, P.A., USA, May 18-20, 1983
Advances in visual methodology
Research methods and statistics in psychology
Grounded theory review : an international journal
Data analysis and research for sport and exercise science : a student guide
Qualitative research : studying how things work
An introduction to market and social research : planning and using research tools & techniques
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
Measuring second language vocabulary acquisition
On research methodology in ancient and Byzantine history
Methods in virology. Vol 4
Practical radioimmunoassay
Form in Literature : a Theory of Technique and Construction
Mixing methods in psychology : the integration of qualitative and quantitative methods in theory and practice
Handbook of design research methods in education : innovations in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics learning and teaching
Research into practice : a reader for nurses and the caring professions
In this second edition of the best-selling Second Language Research, Alison Mackey and Sue Gass continue to guide students step-by-step through conducting the second language research process with a clear and comprehensive overview of the core issues in second language research. Supported by a wealth of data examples from actual studies, the book examines questions of what is meant by research and what defines good research questions, covering such topics as basic research principles and data collection methods, designing a quantitative research study, and concluding and reporting research findings. The second edition includes a new chapter on mixed-methods, new "time to think" and "time to do" text boxes throughout, and updates to reflect the latest research and literature. Supplementary materials, including an extensive glossary and appendices of forms and documents that students can use in conducting their own studies, serve as useful reference tools, with suggestions on how to get research published reemphasizing the book's practical how-to approach. Second Language Research, Second Edition is the ideal resource for understanding the second language research process for graduate students in Second Language Acquisition and Applied Linguistics.
Methods of research : educational, psychological, sociological
Pedological perspectives in achaeological research : proceedings of two symposia sponsored by Division S-5 of the Soil Science Society of America in Cincinnati, OH, 8 Nov. 1993
Research methods : study guides 1-6
Research methodology : techniques and trends
Videotaped recording as a Method of Participant Observation in Psychiatric Nursing
Business research methods : an applied orientation
Why a network for retrospective methods?
Developing a sectoral sustainability indicator system using the COMPASS methodology
Basic research methods : an entry to social science research
Research methods
Latent Class Analysis : wandering in latent space
A valuable reference to help practising researchers not only to understand but also to apply innovative approaches to social work research. Featuring extended case studies of actual research projects, the book provides an overview of a number of central features and qualities of social work research. It incorporates both distinctive methodological features, such as approaches to participatory inquiry, and provides accounts of researcher strategies to address particular challenges, such as carrying out studies with hard to reach populations. This book combines important methodological insights with pragmatic guidance on commonly experienced problems and how these challenges can be overcome. This is a key resource for social work and social care students, social work practitioners and academics engaged in research.
Ethnomethodology at play
Ionospheric D-region studies by means of active heating experiments and modelling
Using research instruments : a guide for researchers
Sensitivity of basal conditions in an inverse model : Vestfonna ice cap, Nordaustlandet/Svalbard
Microbial communities in drinking water systems analysed by lipid biomarkers
Manual of microbiological methods
Practice as research in the arts : principles, protocols, pedagogies, resistances
Doing research/reading research : re-interrogating education
Research skills for management studies
The systematically revised third edition of the leading text on approaches and methods in political science features a considerable internatizationization in both the team of contributors and the range of coverage and examples. About half the chapters are entirely new and the rest are substantially revised and updated.
Research methodologies in supply chain management
How to do discourse analysis : a toolkit
"This book provides a practical guide to planning, tabulating, formulating, and implementing clinical research, in an easy-to-use, readable presentation"--Provided by publisher.
Standards for grades of dry milks including methods of analysis
What, exactly, was the Charity Organization Society? Was it a cluster of affluent women imposing their moral propriety on the poor in the early 20th Century? Or was it the first concerted effort to professionalize previously random, subjective allocations of benefits and entitlements? This book will help researchers explore systematically such fascinating questions and debates in social work and social welfare history.   Mastering how to pose historical questions is as essential as finding the answers. This book, from its wide-ranging coverage of historiographic theory to detailed guidelines for conducting oral history and archival research, offers clear and practical research tools: how to design a study, select primary sources, understand the vocabulary of archives, determine useful secondary sources, and analyze them all. The book also features a guide to archives and special collections that details their holdings, access and locations, and research grants - essential knowledge for any researcher.   The thrill of stumbling across unexplored data in the stacks of a library is notorious. Now, this clearly written pocket guide will help established scholars as well as doctoral students get the most out of historical data.
Introduction to Management Science
Handbook of the life course. Volume II
Methods in microbiology. Vol 13
Research practice
Quantative business analysis : text and cases
Fashioning history : current practices and principles
Building a visual vocabulary : the methodology of 'reading' images in context
The future of meta-analysis
Adjustment for covariate measurement errors in complex surveys : a simulation study of three competing methods
Introduction to the social sciences : with special reference to their methods
After method : mess in social science research
Whole and its parts : micro foundations of macro behaviour
Reviewing research evidence for nursing practice : systematic reviews
Longitudinal research is a broad field in which substantial advances have been made over the past decade. Unlike many of the existing books that only address the analysis of information. "The Handbook of Longitudinal Research" covers design and measurement as well as the data analysis. Designed for use by a wide-ranging audience, this "Handbook" not only includes perspective on the methodological and data analysis problems in longitudinal research but it also includes contributors' data sets that enable readers who lack sophisticated statistics skills to move from theories about longitudinal data into practice.As the comprehensive reference, this "Handbook" has no direct competition as most books in this subject area are more narrowly specialized and are pitched at a high mathematical level. Contributors and subject areas are interdisciplinary to reach the broadest possible audience (i.e., psychology, epidemiology, and economics research fields). Summary material will be included for less sohisticated readers. Extensive coverage is provided of traditional advanced topics.
A handbook of media and communication research : qualitative and quantitative methodologies
56th meeting and technical exhibition, Vienna, Austria-6-10 June 1994 : extended abstracts of papers (oral and poster presentations)
Dynamic concept analysis (DCA) : integrating information in conceptual models
Freeze-etch histology : a comparison between thin sections and freeze-etch replicas
BIOS Instant Notes in Neuroscience, Third Edition, is the perfect text for undergraduates looking for a concise introduction to the subject, or a study guide to use before examinations. Each topic begins with a summary of essential facts-an ideal revision checklist-followed by a description of the subject that focuses on core information, with clear, simple diagrams that are easy for students to understand and recall in essays and exams. BIOS Instant Notes in Neuroscience, Third Edition, is fully up-to-date and covers: Organization of the Nervous System Neuron Excitation Synapses Neurotransmitters Elements of Neural Computing Somatosensory Systems Vision Hearing Smell and Taste Motor Function: Spinal Cord and Brainstem Movement: Cortex, Cerebellum and Basal Ganglia Neuroendocrinology and Autonomic Functions Brain and Behaviour Learning and Memory Neuroscience Methods.
Readings for strategies and tactics of behavioral research
Siliciclastic sequence stratigraphy : recent developments and applications
The ghost of methodologies past : untangling methods, methodologies, and  methodologists in black studies
Research methods in sign language studies : a practical guide
ELISA and other solid phase immunoassays : theoretical and practical aspects
Quasi-experimental approaches : testing theory and evaluating policy
Unmasking age : the significance of age for social research
Revisiting the historical-geographic method(s)
Qualitative research : an introduction to methods and designs
Qualitative research in nursing and healthcare
The scholar-critic : an introduction to literary research
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric techniques tell us?
Qualitative research for the information professional : a practical handbook
The good research guide : for small-scale social research projects
Evidence-based medicine in Sherlock Holmes' footsteps
The Routledge companion to research in the arts
Research methods in human ecology/home economics
Entrepreneurship research in Europe : outcomes and perspectives
Comparative study of commercial master mixes in bacterial quantification
Methods in microbiology. Vol 8
Educational studies: a second level course. Personality and learning : methodology handbook
The Good Research Guide by bestselling author Martyn Denscombe has established itself as the introductory book on the basics of social research. It provides practical and straightforward guidance for those who need to conduct small-scale research projects as part of their undergraduate, postgraduate or professional studies. This brand new fifth edition has been thoroughly updated and revised throughout and includes new material on: the use of social media in research, including guidelines on the use of social networking sites; more on internet research and how to run online surveys; how to conduct systematic literature reviews; getting good response rates to a survey; writing research reports; and research ethics. Retaining the clear, friendly and practical approach that has made the book a must for student researchers, the new edition includes many helpful learning features such as "at a glance" summaries in "Key Points" boxes, helpful "Checklists" to guide good practice and handy "Link-ups" between key topics across the book. Every chapter provides up-to-date further reading lists to help you develop your knowledge and research skills. This is an invaluable resource for anyone conducting social research across all business, health, education and other social science disciplines.
Basic research methods for librarians
Forensic psychology for dummies
Irrefutable evidence : adventures in the history of forensic science
Qualitative research methods : collecting evidence, crafting analysis, communicating impact
Research methods in health promotion
Managing quality in qualitative research
Integration of micro and macro explanations
Using high-resolution tritium profiles to quantify the effects of melt on two Spitsbergen ice cores
Applied conversation analysis : intervention and change in institutional talk
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators.
Business Research Methods
Second language research : methodology and design
Quality and quantity
Bias in prediction : on correction methods
Qualitative research : a guide to design and implementation
Structural modeling by example : applications in educational, sociological, and behavioral research
The roles of nitrification and nitrate reduction pathways in nitrogen cycling of the Baltic Sea
The practice of social research
Misleading evidence and evidence-led policy : making social science more experimental
The Routledge Companion to Research in the Arts is a major collection of new writings on research in the creative and performing arts by leading authorities from around the world. It provides theoretical and practical approaches to identifying, structuring and resolving some of the key issues in the debate about the nature of research in the arts which have surfaced during the establishment of this subject over the last decade. It will provide a point of reference for the further development of that debate in the years to come by making specific assertions about what this phenomenon is (or is not) so that subsequent scholars will have something definite to agree with or to criticise. This critical anthology benefits from a wide range of contributors from all of the major constituencies in arts-based research. The contributions are located in the contemporary intellectual environment of research in the arts, and more widely in the universities, in the strategic and political environment of national research funding, and in the international environment of trans-national cooperation and communication. The book is divided into three principal sections -- Foundations, Voices and Contexts -- each with an introduction from the editors so as to orientate the reader with regard to the main issues, agreements and debates. The Routledge Companion to Research in the Arts addresses a wide variety of concepts and issues, including: the diversity of views on what constitutes arts-based research and scholarship, what it should be, and its potential contribution the trans-national communication difficulties arising from terminological and ontological differences in arts-based research traditional and non-traditional concepts of knowledge, their relationship to professional practice, and their outcomes and audiences a consideration of the role of written, spoken and artefact-based languages in the formation and communication of understandings. This comprehensive collection makes an original and significant contribution to the field of arts-based research by setting down a framework for addressing these, and other, topical issues. It will be essential reading for research managers and policy-makers in research councils and universities, as well as individual researchers, research supervisors and doctoral candidates.
Research methods in education : an introduction
Case study research : quick guide series
Sports event impact research process : best practices and challenges according to experienced researchers
Complementary methods for research in education
An observational study is an empiric investigation of effects caused by treatments when randomized experimentation is unethical or infeasible. Observational studies are common in most fields that study the effects of treatments on people, including medicine, economics, epidemiology, education, psychology, political science and sociology. The quality and strength of evidence provided by an observational study is determined largely by its design. Design of Observational Studies is both an introduction to statistical inference in observational studies and a detailed discussion of the principles that guide the design of observational studies. Design of Observational Studies is divided into four parts. Chapters 2, 3, and 5 of Part I cover concisely, in about one hundred pages, many of the ideas discussed in Rosenbaum's Observational Studies (also published by Springer) but in a less technical fashion. Part II discusses the practical aspects of using propensity scores and other tools to create a matched comparison that balances many covariates. Part II includes a chapter on matching in R. In Part III, the concept of design sensitivity is used to appraise the relative ability of competing designs to distinguish treatment effects from biases due to unmeasured covariates. Part IV discusses planning the analysis of an observational study, with particular reference to Sir Ronald Fisher's striking advice for observational studies, "make your theories elaborate".
A Handbook of Media and Communication Research presents qualitative as well as quantitative approaches to the study of media and communication, integrating perspectives from both the social sciences and the humanities. Taking methodology as a strategic level of analysis that joins practical concerns with theoretical issues, the Handbook offers a comprehensive and in-depth review of the field and a set of guidelines for how to think about, plan, and carry out media and communication studies in different social and cultural contexts. The second edition has been thoroughly updated with reference to the development of the internet, mobile, and other digital media. Each chapter addresses shifting configurations of established media organizations, media discourses, and media users in networked practices of communication. The introduction and one further chapter probe changing conceptions on mass and interpersonal, online and offline communication -- in research as in everyday life. Three new chapters have been added to exemplify different forms of research employing multiple methods to study multiple media in multiple contexts.
Collective intelligence : one of the next big things
Methods of psychology
Reconstructing the past
A manual of basic virological techniques
Immunofluorescence technology : selected theoretical and clinical aspects
Antibody applications
Innovations in social work research
"This Policy Dialogue compares two very different conceptions of the informal economy that are prominent internationally: a market-based approach and a rights-based approach. It reflects upon the policy implications of adopting one perspective or the other, and argues that the terms 'entrepreneur' and 'worker' are often ideologically charged rather than a reflection of the structural positions of the 'informals'. The paper is critical of a market-based perspective and of the related notion of informal entrepreneurs, as these may lead to policy recommendations that undermine the already fragile livelihoods of many people. The ideas presented in this paper are part of a work in progress and are intended to promote further debate about sustainable policy-making aimed at enhancing the economic and socialstanding of vulnerable people in the informal economy." --Publisher's description.
Design of observational studies
Methods in microbiology. Vol. 5B
Business research methods
Methods in microbiology. Vol 2
Methods in virology. Vol 6
Market-based and rights-based approaches to the informal economy : a comparative analysis of the policy implications
Qualitative research synthesis provides a comprehensive glimpse of what individual qualitative studies show. The authors describe the process of data analysis, synthesis and interpretation that users may follow and adapt.
Historical research
Research methods for sport studies
