http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4155 giants
giants
Wildflower wood
The Routledge dictionary of gods and goddesses, devils and demons
Attack on Titan : No regrets. 2
The Norse myths : a guide to the gods and heroes
By a thread
The buried giant : a novel
Attack on titan : Junior high. 3
Attack on Titan. 16
Attack on Titan. 4
The spider
Dungeon monstres. Vol. 3, Heartbreaker
Jack and the beanstalk : how a small fellow solved a big problem
Frankies New York adventure
Wolfhound century
Attack on Titan. 5
Muncle Trogg and the flying donkey
Attack on Titan : Before the fall. 1
FOLKLORE, MYTHS & LEGENDS. Who were the Norse gods - the mighty Aesyr, led by Odinn, and the mysterious Vanir? In The Norse Myths we meet this passionate and squabbling pantheon, and learn of the mythological cosmos they inhabit. Passages translated from the Old Norse bring this legendary world to life, from the myths of creation to ragnarok, the prophesied end of the world at the hands of Loki's army of monsters and giants, and everything that comes in between: the problematic relationship between the gods and the giants, in which enmity and trickery are punctuated by marriages and seductions; the (mis) adventures of human heroes and heroines, with their family feuds, revenges, marriages and murders; and the interaction between the gods and mortals, as Odinn, the Allfather, betrays his human proteges in order to recruit (dead) heroes for his army.
Kidsnatched from her orphanage by a BFG (Big Friendly Giant), who spends his life blowing happy dreams to children, Sophie concocts with him a plan to save the world from nine other man-gobbling cannybull giants.
Muncle Trogg
Daisy and the trouble with giants
Tracking the man-beasts : sasquatch, vampires, zombies, and more
Attack on Titan. 20
Giants, or the codex giganticum
Sir Lance-a-Little and the ginormous giant
Boobela and the belching giant
The vanishing of Billy Buckle
Jack and the beanstalk
Giants beware!
The Giant of Jum
Brian the giant
Ghouls and monsters
Farmer Giles of Ham : ... the rise and wonderful adventures of Farmer Giles, Lord of Tame, Count of Worminghall and King of the Little Kingdom
The ring of the Nibelung
Princess Mononoke : first story
The food of the gods : and how it came to earth
The mark of Athena
The adventures of the wishing-chair
Attack on Titan : Before the fall. 2
Dungeon monstres. Vol. 4, Night of the ladykiller
In a glass grimmly
The selfish giant
Wells' classic story of unchecked scientific progress and unforseen consequences, with an introduction by Adam Roberts.
Tangled threads
The usborne big book of big monsters
Pathfinder flip-mat : Giant lairs
Barbara is an angry elementary-school girl who is known as a freak and claims to be a killer of giants. She faces bullies and storms with no fear, but cannot face what she hides from at home
17 years ago: A girl in South Dakota falls through the earth, then wakes up dozens of feet below ground on the palm of what seems to be a giant metal hand. Today: She is a top-level physicist leading a team of people to understand exactly what that hand is, where it came from, and what it portends for humanity. A swift and spellbinding tale told almost exclusively through transcriptions of interviews conducted by a mysterious and unnamed character, this is a unique debut that describes a hunt for truth, power, and giant body parts.
Attack on titan : Junior high. 2
Jill va cây dâu = Jill and the beanstalk : [Vietnamese & English]
The dead, things past and things far away : Finnish hiisi otherworld legends
Man mountain
Juren he chuntian = The giant and the spring
The giant's loo roll
Boobela, Worm and potion power
Spider's trap
Attack on Titan. 10
Attack on Titan : lost girls
Odd and the frost giants
The lost hero
Attack on Titan. 6
Ivor the invisible
Carancal, ang bayaning isang dangkal = Carancal, the tiny hero
The Princess and the Giant
Dungeon. Monstres. Vol 3, Heartbreaker
Attack on Titan : No regrets. 1
The blood of Olympus
Attack on Titan. 9
Jim and the beanstalk
Attack on Titan. 12
Homecoming. Book 1, Archmage
Jill và cây dâu = Jill and the beanstalk
Attack on Titan. 14
Snow bear sanctuary
Primeval : an Event Group adventure
Car-sized crabs and other animal giants
The buried giant
Calamity Jack
Attack on Titan. 11
The BFG
Jack and the beanstalk: a folk tale classic
The new adventures of the wishing-chair : the land of fairytales
Dungeon. Monstres. Vol 4, Night of the ladykiller
THE SELFISH GIANT
The food of the gods and how it came to earth
In Wibbly's garden
In the first story, Carlos Nine gives us the complete low-down on the sexy and dangerous killer that the young Dungeon-keeper fell for. The second story focuses on a princessy girl in an underwater civilization / WorldCat.
Attack on titan : Junior high. 1
Jill ve Fasulye Sarmasigi = Jill and the beanstalk
Attack on titan : Junior high. 4
Norse mythology
Jil iyo Geedkii Xayaabka = Jill and the beanstalk
The boy giant
A spin-off series to the number one bestseller in Japan. Eren and Mikasa enter a new school-- Titan Junior High! However, Eren's hated Titans for years-- can he get along with his new (harmless?) classmates? Featuring all of the characters from the main series as you've never seen them before
Attack on Titan. 17
Goliath
Vulture sorcerer Horus, a ladykiller? Who knew? Yet, as the first story in this volume shows, he is accused of impregnating a slew of women. The second story takes a much lighter tone starring Grogro the big, always hungry goofball seen in many stories before, especially in the Parade series. Here, he's the hero, or at least tries to be, on a first mission to pick up barrels of beer from a bunch of bunny rabbit beer brewers. Question is: will he solve the problem ... or just eat (and drink) it? / WorldCat.
Attalos, Athens, and the Akropolis : the Pergamene "Little Barbarians" and their Roman and renaissance legacy
Attack on Titan. 8
Sir Scallyw and the Golden Underpants
Attack on Titan. 3
Attack on Titan. 2
Children into swans : fairy tales and the pagan imagination
Mr. Nosey and the Beanstalk
