http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4153 fats (organic compounds)
fats (organic compounds)
Control of stability and interactions of dispersed colloids and polymers from mechanical pulp
"Preface The intent of this book is to assist you in mastering nutritional cuisine! Chefs can serve great-tasting and nutritious foods. Ultimately, though, it is the consumer who will decide what to consume! This textbook is current with the new U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) ChooseMyPlate.gov and dietary guidelines! It is important to know that meals eaten away from home and prepared by chefs, or meals produced in the home by personal chefs, can each support a healthy lifestyle. Perhaps what a person makes for dinner is reservations! Love it! Please turn to the introduction for a detailed explanation of the organization of this book and how it serves both the lecture and laboratory portions of a typical nutrition class for culinary programs. As authors, we are both parents who each have a family to feed (although, in the case of Dr. Vaclavik, two children have now begun their own households and there are two grandchildren!). We are both college teachers working with nutrition in culinary arts, and we each have academic as well as "hands-on" training in foods and nutrition. Thanks are extended to CRC Press, our friendly and knowledgeable editor Randy Brehm (with whom Dr. Vaclavik has published in the past), and our current friendly and dedicated editor Stephen Zollo, who provided the opportunity to be a part of this culinary publication adventure! Appreciation goes to those individuals who have enthusiastically reviewed the text proposal and/or chapter material, including Chef Brenden Mesch, EdD, CEC, CCE, associate dean of academic affairs, the Art Institute of Dallas; Andres Ardisson Korat, MS (food science), MA (gastronomy), food scientist, Frito Lay R&D; and nutrition professor Carolyn Rogan, MS, RD, CSSD, LD"--
Pleiotropy of vitamin D-mediated gene regulation
The fat-free cookbook : over 50 nutritious and tasty fat-free recipes, perfect for any occasion
Fat accumulation in liver and muscle:association with adipokines and risk of cardiovascular events
Effect of weight reduction on substrate utilization at rest and during exercise
Carbon fractions and stocks in organic layers in boreal forest soils : impacts of climatic and nutritional conditions
Lipid oxidation pathways. vol. 2
Lipid biochemistry : an introduction
Open nucleus MOET program for altering milk protein content
Localization, cellular morhpology and respiratory capacity of "brown" adipose tissue in newborn reindeer
Regulation of alternative splicing in obesity and weight loss
Role of <em>Fto</em> in the gene and microRNA expression of mouse adipose tissues in response to high-fat diet
Stability of refined vegetable oils in deep-frying
Essential chemistry for formulators of semi-solid and liquid dosages
Liver insulin resistance and hyperglycemia : genetic determinants and association with cardiovascular risk factors
Food lipids : chemistry, nutrition, and biotechnology
Transcriptional regulation of endothelial lipase and the role of VEGF-A in lipid metabolism
The effects of different levels of L-carnitine and fat on performance and egg quality of laying hens
Dietary fat as a modifier of milk fatty acid compositions
Carbon fractions and stocks in organic layers in boreal forest soils&#8212;impacts of climatic and nutritional conditions
Effects of insulin deficiency on exercise-induced acute responses in the regulation of fatty acid oxidation in mouse gastrocnemius muscles
The crystallization behavior of fatty acid : resin acid mixtures
Fat loading test in males with diabetic heredity : As compared to control, diabetics and coronary patients
Role of lipid reactions in quality of oat products
Quantitative determination of geometrical isomers of 9,12-octadecadienoic acid present in food fats
Fats and fatty acids in human nutrition : report of an expert consultation, 10-14 November 2008, Geneva
Dewatering and recovery of fats, oils and grease (FOG) of grease trap waste : A design-research of a new-built process
Novel roles for basement membrane collagens:isoform-specific functions of collagen XVIII in adipogenesis, fat deposition and eye development, and effects of the collagen IV-derived matricryptin arresten on oral carcinoma growth and invasion
Homogenization of milk technology, chemical changes and possible physiological effects
Development of criteria for acceptable previous cargoes for fats and oils : report of a Joint FAO/WHO Technical Meeting, Bilthoven, Netherlands, 7-9 November 2006.
Experiments on fatty acids chain elongation and glycan flipping in the ER membrane
The fats of life
Food : the definitive guide
Handbook of milkfat fractionation technology and applications
Nutrition : concepts and controversies
Nutrition in the '90s : current controversies and analysis
The fertility diet : groundbreaking research reveals natural ways to boost ovulation & improve your chances of getting pregnant
Bowell habit and intake of non-starch polysaccharides (NSP) and fat in healthy individuals and in patient with cystic fibrosis
Eat fat, get thin : why the fat we eat is the key to sustained weight loss and vibrant health
Utilization of supercritical carbon dioxide in the analysis of triacylglycerols and isolation of berry oils
Biomarkers for non-alcoholic steatohepatitis with special emphasis on lipid metabolism
Impact of dietary fat on insulin sensitivity, glucose metabolism, serum lipids and coagulation factors
Performance and meat quality of Nordic Red and Aberdeen Angus bulls offered faba bean or field pea based whole crop legume-cereal silages
Analytical biochemistry
The objective of this study was to determine the effects of silage plant species (faba bean and field pea based whole crop legume-cereals vs. grass) on performance and meat quality of growing Aberdeen Angus (AA) and Nordic Red (NR) bulls. A 2×3 factorial design was used. The experiment comprised 30 AA and 30 NR bulls. Both breeds were randomly allotted to the three feeding treatments. The compositions (g kg-1 dry matter) of diets were: 1) grass silage (650) plus rolled barley (350), 2) faba bean-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350) and 3) pea-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350). The experimental diets were offered as total mixed rations ad libitum. The AA bulls grew faster, had better feed conversion rates and superior dressing proportion and carcass conformation compared to the NR bulls. Replacing grass silage by whole crop legume-cereal silages in the diet did not have remarkable effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality..
Biotechnology for the oils and fats industry
The effects of bisphosphonates and COX-2 inhibitors on the bone remodelling unit
Effect of body fatness and glucogenic supplement on lipid and protein mobilization and plasma leptin in dairy cows
Know your fats : the complete primer for understanding the nutrition of fats, oils and cholesterol
Fatty acid composition as biomarkers of freshwater microalgae: analysis of 37 strains of microalgae in 22 genera and in seven classes
Handbook of fat replacers
Association of factor VIIc activity with dietary fat and blood lipids among elderly men : the Finnish cohorts of the seven countries study
The effects of added glycerol or unprotected free fatty acids or a combination of the two on silage intake, milk production, rumen fermentation and diet digestibility in cows given grass silage based diets
The healthy diet calorie counter
Major fatty acid composition of some organ fats in the moose (Alces alces) in northeastern Lapland
Do the secreted molecules of gut bacterium Faecalibacterium prausnitzii inhibit the fat accumulation in hepatocytes in vitro?
The art of nutritional cuisine
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Dietary fat : some aspects of nutrition and health and product development
Fats, oils and related products
Fat digestion and absorption
Gene product targeting into and membrane trafficking from the endoplasmic/sarcoplasmic reticulum in skeletal myofibers
The big fat surprise : why meat, butter, and cheese belong in a healthy diet
Mass-spectrometric analysis of glycerophospholipid metabolism
Human adipose stromal cell angiogenesis assay : development of stimulation medium and set-up of cell characterization
Characterization of 3-hydroxyacyl-ACP dehydratase of mitochondrial fatty acid synthesis in yeast, humans and trypanosomes
Welfare society and people's health : a case study of the Finnish fat policy and its adaptation to the goals of European trade integration
Ambulatory blood pressure:association with metabolic risk indicators, renal function and carotid artery atherosclerosis
German standard methods for the analysis of fats and other lipids
Positional distribution of fatty acids in plant triacylglycerols : contributing factors and chromatographic/mass spectrometric analysis
Recent advances in chemistry and technology of fats and oils
Low-carb dieting for dummies
Lipid oxidation
Obesity and bone mineral measurements in postmenopausal women
Cholecalciferol contents in fortified margarine and milk
Comparison of acute and chronic exercise effects in the lipid droplets topography skeletal muscle, following high and low-fat diet in mice
Instrumentally measured release and human perception of aroma compounds from foods and model systems differing in fat content
Identification of biomarkers for type 2 diabetes
Cold exposure enhances fat utilization but not non-esterified fatty acids, glycerol or catecholamines availability during submaximal walking and running
Lipid analysis in oils and fats : edited by R.J. Hamilton ... [et al.]
Food lipids: chemistry, nutrition and biotechnology
Protein crystallographic studies of CoA-dependent proteins : new insight into the binding mode and exchange mechanism of acyl-CoA
The effect of sucrose on postprandial lipemia and substrate utilisation in healthy young men
Characteristics of lipid metabolism in bile acid malabsorption
MicroRNAs as novel regulators of skeletal homeostasis
Food oils and fats : technology, utilization and nutrition
Nutritional bioavailability of manganese
Effects of dietary far oxidation products and flavonols on lipoprotein oxidation
Adinopectin and leptin and their associations with cardiovascular risk factors and markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in young adults : the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study
Oils and fats manual : a comprehensive treatise, properties-production-applications
Cookwise : the hows and why of successful cooking
Fat and oil derivatives : Fatty Acid Methyl Esters (FAME) : determination of iodine value
Dietary protein and carbohydrate modify volatile fatty acid (VFA) profile in canine faeces
A nordic research programme on food biotechnology. 1, Enzymatic modification of lipids
Effects of endurance training on tissue glutathione homeostasis and lipid peroxidation in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats
Acute and subchronic phytotoxicity of volatile fatty acids (VFAs)
The good fat diet : lose weight and feel great with this delicious science based coconut diet
Fats as indicators of physiological constraints in newborn and young reindeer : Rangifer tarandus tarandus L.
Improving the fat content of foods
The fat of the land : proceedings of the Oxford Symposium on Food and Cookery 2002
Plasma and lipoprotein lipid peroxidation in humans on sunflower and rapeseed oil diets
Importance of fat reserves in Wilsonś storm petrel chicks
Effects of dietary carbohydrate modification on persons with metabolic syndrome : a transcriptomics approach of adipose tissue
Fats and fatty acids in human nutrition : report of a joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation, November 10-14, 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
Developments in dairy chemistry. 2, Lipids
Ripened cheeses : the effects of fat modifications on sensory characteristics and fatty acid composition
Differing Daphnia magna assimilation efficiencies for terrestrial, bacterial, and algal carbon and fatty acids
Progress in the chemistry of fats and other lipids. Volume 7, part 1, The higher saturated branched chain fatty acids
Feeding and management advice for ʻtying up̕/azoturia/Monday mornig disease/Equine Rhabdomyolysis Syndrome etc
Safety and cholesterol-lowering effect of low-saturated-fat, low-cholesterol diet during the first three years of life : the STRIP babe project
Muovimateriaalien soveltuvuus kevytleviteannosrasiaan = Plastic packaging materials for low-fat spreads
Fats in food products
Analysis of oilseeds, fats and fatty foods
Provides a concise and easy-to-use reference on the nature of oils and fats for those working in the food industry and for those in the media seeking to advise the public on consumption. Written in a style that makes the concepts and information contained easily accessible, and using a minimum of chemical structures, the nature and composition of the constituents of oils and fats are explained. The major sources of food lipids (vegetable and animal fats) are outlined, along with their physical characteristics. The book also focuses on the current main concerns of the food industry regarding oils and fats use, including: the nutritional properties of fats and oils and their various components; links between chemical structure and physiological properties; and the role of lipids in some of the more important disease conditions such as obesity, diabetes, coronary heart disease and cancer. The final chapter is devoted to a description of the most common food uses of oils and fats.--from publisher description.
The synthesis of very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (VLCPUFAs) was investigated in five cultivars of chicory. Genes for enzymes of the ù3/6 Ä8-desaturation biosynthetic pathways for the formation of C20 VLCPUFAs were inserted into chicory by Agrobacterium-mediated transformation of leaf explants. Plants were transformed by genes encoding Ä9-specific elongating activity from Isochrysis galbana, Ä8-desaturase from Euglena gracilis and Ä5-desaturase from Mortierella alpina, either separately or in combination; transgenic plants were selected on culture medium containing glufosinate ammonium for those transformed with the Ä9-elongase gene alone or in combination with the Ä8-desaturase gene, or kanamycin for plants transformed with the Ä5-desaturase gene. PCR showed the presence of the transgenes within the genome of selected plants, with RT-PCR confirming gene expression. Gas Chromatography of fatty acid methyl esters extracted from freeze-dried leaves of transgenic plants quantified the synthesis of omega-6 arachidonic acid and its precursors eicosadienoic and dihomo-ã-linolenic acids, and omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid together with its precursors eicosatrienoic and eicosatetraenoic acids. This is the first report of the production of VLCPUFAs in a leafy vegetable. Since VLCPUFAs are the precursors of prostaglandins, the formation of prostaglandins was also investigated in chicory following a second transformation event using the PGHS-1 gene from Mus musculus.
Effects of a short-term resistance training protocol on risk factors for the metabolic syndrome in the elderly
Enoyl thioester reductases : enzymes of fatty acid synthesis and degradation in mitochondria
Canola and rapeseed : production, chemistry, nutrition and processing technology
Fats and oils
Fat : it's not what you think
Dewatering and recovery of fats, oils and grease (FOG) of grease trap waste : a design-research of a new-built process
Ethyl-eicosapentaenoic acid and carnosine supplementation's effects on cognitive, behavioural and psychophysiological parameters on healthy young subjects : double-blind, placebo-controlled study
Dairy fats and related products
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
Codex alimentarius. Vol. 8, Fats, oils and related products
Summary.
Oxidation of steryl esters
Meat quality and fatty acid profile of M. longissimus dorsi of growing bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions
Role of Fto in the gene and microRNA expression of mouse adipose tissues in response to high-fat diet
Abstract: Gas-chromatography was used to determine the major fatty acid composition of the total lipids, and triglyceride and phospholipid fractions of the subcutaneous, liver, skeletal muscle, coronary and perinephric fats of 38 moose killed in northeastern Finnish Lapland in early and late winter 1967-1972...
The effects of fruit and vegetables and unsaturated fatty acids on markers of lipid peroxidation
Lipid peroxidation in biological systems
Production of oleaginous microbial biomass by reusing wastewaters
Skeletal muscle lipids in diabetic and hyperlipidemic rabbits : a 1H NMR spectroscopy study
Novel concepts on the recovery of by-products from alkaline pulping
The eskimo diet : how to avoid a heart attack
Association between serum lipids and apolipoprotein E phenotype is influenced by diet in a population-based sample of free-living children and young adults : the cardiovascular risk in young Finns study
Studies on oxidation of natural triacylglycerols in a model system with and without tocopherols
Impact dehulling oat grain to improve quality of on-farm produced feed. 2, Groat breakage and storability
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
The effect of feeding on milk fat content and fatty acid composition : new research experiences and feeding practice in Norway
Pressure to change and resistance against it: consumer perceptions and acceptance of nutritionally modified foods
Fat infiltration in liver and activity of lecithin : cholesterol acyltransferase in serum of dry and lactating dairy cows
Subcutaneous fat accumulation in Norwegian owls and raptors
Standards for fats & oils
The burn
Effects of Chlamydia pneumoniae infection on inflammation and lipid parameters in humans and mice
The pure gold of Spain
Effect of diet on the fatty acid composition of some organ fats in crossbills (Loxia curvirostra and L. leucoptera)
Chemical and functional properties of full fat and defatted Dioclea reflexa seed flours
Structural modified food fats : synthesis, biochemistry, and use
The milk fat globule membrane and some associated phenomena
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
Physiological roles of fatty acids and endocannabinoids in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans
The effect of genes and diet on Alzheimer's disease-related molecular mechanisms : Influence of ubiquilin-1 and dietary lipids
Animal and vegetable fats and oils = Corps gras d'origines animale et végétale : determination of iodine value = détermination de l'indice d'iode
Fractionation of hen egg and oat lipids with supercritical fluids : chemical and functional properties of fractions
Oils and fats in the food industry
Practical guide to vegetable oil processing
Classification, origin, diffusion and history of the olive
The chemistry and technology of edible oils and fats and their high fat products
Functions of AHR-1 and CYP-35A subfamily genes in Caenorhabditis elegans
Regulatory factors that reveal three distinct adipocytes : the brown, the white and the brite
Effects of fat supplementation in early lactation dairy cows
Importance of milk and its different components for human nutrition and health
Sports nutrition : fats and proteins
Nutrients in processed foods : fats, carbohydrates
Changes in contribution of snacking to dietary intake from adolescence to adulthood
Abstract: Gas-liquid chromatography was used to determine the major fatty acid composition of the total lipids of the subcutaneous fat and skeletal muscle fat, and of the triglyceride and phospholipid fractions of the subcutaneous fat, skeletal muscle fat, coronary fat and liver fat of two species of crossbills...
Current possibilities of breeding to influence milk composition from the viewpoint of human nutrition and health
Metabolic significance of fatty acid elongation
Fluorescence spectroscopy of food lipid oxidation
Leanness in domestic birds : genetic, metabolic and hormonal aspects
Fats and oils in human nutrition : report of a joint expert consultation
This thesis is a design science research study about the development of a process to dewater waste collected from grease traps (GTW). Grease traps are installed in professional kitchens and at food manufacturing sites to protect the sewage works from grease waste that can clog the sewer system and disrupt the biological treatment at wastewater treatments plants (WWTP). When traps are emptied hot water is used to clean the units. Therefore GTW can contain up to 99% water. During 2008-2009, the waste centres and WWTPs in the Oulu and Kainuu regions in Finland collected 6.6 kg GTW per capita annually. GTW consists of water, partly hydrolyzed fats, oils and greases (FOG), food residues, and other contaminants as soap and metals. The grease is emulsified throughout the water phase and mixed with solids, which makes it difficult to dewater. Dewatering is important as is decreases the amount for waste disposal, which is expensive as GTW is classified as special waste. Additionally, the upcoming legalisation in 2016 forbids disposal of organic waste to landfills and therefore cost-effective alternatives have to be found. A fairly simple process was designed to dewater GTW by using acid hydrolysis and moderate heating (65-70°C). The process was tested first on laboratory scale from where it was step-wise scaled up. In 2012, the process design was tested and evaluated by a pilot plant. The goal was to gather as much information and experiences as possible, in order to improve the process products’ quality and the overall process efficiency for the next production design. The profitability of the design was tested by comparing estimated profit margins in different scenarios. The study contains also an overview of possible technologies to utilise or dispose the dewatered fraction (also called brown grease) resulting from the process.The conclusion of the study is that the designed dewatering process is profitable when used at full operating capacity (3000 t/a) and a dewatering efficiency of at least 75%. In this case the estimated payback time is 3-6 years from start-up. The plant was not suitable for extended dewatering of the FOG fraction. An own unit is needed for this purpose. Otherwise, reuse alternatives should be search that can deal with the remaining water content, such as biogas production or utilisation as steam boiler fuel or low-grade soaps. The test design still needs technical adjustments before it can be taken in use. Further research is needed to find a solution how to destabilize the intermediate layer of organics, light solids and water formed between the FOG and water phase (rag layer). For the moment, the fraction remains a non-valuable waste.
The role of adiposity, growth and inflammation related gene variants in physical performance and body composition
50 ways to boost your metabolism
Dietary fats : determinants of preference, selection and consumption
Diet, body adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in a population sample of primary school children
Lipid oxidation and nitration products as activators of cytoprotective Nrf2 signaling in the endothelium
The chemical constitution of natural fats
The objective of the present study was to compare the colour, chemical composition, meat quality and fatty acid profile of the longissimus dorsi (LD) muscle of growing bulls housed in an insulated tie-stall, an uninsulated barn or a forest paddock. Two housing experiments were conducted at the North Ostrobothnia Research Station of MTT Agrifood Research Finland in Ruukki (64°44'N, 25°15'E). The first experiment was conducted from November 1999 to October 2000 and comprised 30 Hereford bulls, the second from November 2000 to December 2001 with 30 Ayrshire bulls. In both experiments the bulls were divided into six groups of five animals according to live weight and the groups were randomly allotted to one of three treatments: tie-stall in an insulated barn (IB bulls, ten animals/individual stall), uninsulated barn (UB bulls, five animals/pen, two pens) and forest paddock (PAD bulls, five animals/paddock, two paddocks). Nine carcasses from experiment 1 (three/treatment) and twelve from experiment 2 (four/treatment) were randomly selected for meat quality analyses. After slaughter, the carcasses were cooled for 24h at 2 °C and LD samples were taken by complete cross-section between the 12th and 13th ribs. The results were calculated across the two experiments and analysed as one data. There were no differences between housing environments in temperature or pH of the LD or meat moisture, fat or protein composition of the LD. Instead, the myoglobin content of the LD was 21% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). Between IB and UB bulls there was no difference in meat myoglobin content and there were no significant (p < 0.05) differences between housing environments in the colour of the LD. However, the muscle tended to be 6% lighter (L-value) in IB bulls than in PAD bulls (p = 0.09). There were no significant differences in shear force or sensory analysis (tenderness, juiciness, overall flavour) between treatments. The LD of the PAD bulls contained a higher proportion of 18:2 and 18:3 fatty acids compared to that of IB bulls (p < 0.05). There were no significant differences in the saturated fatty acid (SFA) or monounsaturated fatty acid proportions of the LD between treatments. Instead, the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) proportion of the LD was 34% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). The PUFA:SFA ratio was higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05) but there was no difference in the PUFA:SFA ratio between UB and IB bulls. In conclusion, there were no important effects of housing system on the meat quality characteristics of the LD, although according to meat fatty acid profiles, outdoor housed bulls produced meat with a higher PUFA:SFA ratio than tethered bulls in an insulated barn.
The big fat surprise : why butter, meat, and cheese belong in a healthy diet
Recent work on religion and gender in religious studies in Finland
The effect of feeding on milk fat content and fatty acid composition : new research experiences and feeding practice in Sweden
Nutritional implications of macronutrient substitutes
Protein crystallographic studies of CoA-dependent proteins: new insight into the binding mode and exchange mechanism of acyl-CoA
The effect of feeding on the protein : fat ratio in the milk and the milk fatty acid composition
Extract and cleaning of contaminated air in commercial kitchens : Ultraviolet technology
The effects of physical activity and diet change on intracellular lipids and metabolism in mice with diet-induced obesity
The role of zooplankton in the trophic transfer of fatty acids in boreal lake food webs
Olive oil and health
Role of low-weight carboxylic acids in phytotoxicity of composts
Fat and cholesterol reduced foods : technologies and strategies
The oxidative capacity of skeletal muscle : effects of genotype, high-fat diet and physical activity
Supercritical fluid technology in oil and lipid chemistry
The role of weight reduction sensitive genes in adipose tissue biology and adipocyte function : special emphasis on the expression of MFAP5 and CPPED1
Interactions between polyunsaturated fatty acids and probiotics
Food science & nutrition
Biosynthesis of very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in the leafy vegetable chicory
The chemistry of food
Human milk fats and their dietary modification
Official methods and recommended practices of the American Oil Chemists' Society
Animal and vegetable fats and oils - Analysis by gas chromatography of methyl esters of fatty acids = Corps gras d'origines animale et végétale - Analyse par chromatographie en phase gazeuse des esters méthyliques d'acides gras
Analyses of fats, oils and lipoproteins
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
