http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4157 rugby
rugby
Utilization of an ice vest and its effects on core body temperature in wheelchair rugby players during a simulated game situation
The biggest book of talking balls ever!
The psychosocial impact of career-ending injuries in elite rugby union players : a qualitative study
101 youth rugby drills
Sport tourism : interrelationship, impacts and issues
The Long Run to Freedom: Sport, Cultures and Identities in South Africa analyzes the meaning attached to sport in South African societies, past and present. It explores the history and changing meanings attached to particular sports in the old and new South Africas, and the ways in which sport is being used in the present. In particular, it examines the prominent team sports of rugby, soccer, and cricket in the creation of social divisions and unities over the course of South African history.
2050 - tomorrow's tourism
Rugby training : includes 100 practice drills
Invictus - voittamaton = Invictus
The art of coarse rugby
A history of rugby
Adidas miCoach : Xbox 360, Kinect
Science and football. 2, Proceedings of the Second World Congress of Science and Football, Eindhoven, Netherlands 22nd-25th May 1991
A guide to rugby by rugby players : including chapters on basic ball skills, forward tactics, attacking moves for the backs, training regimes and a history of the game
What goes on tour stays on tour
"Why do women follow sports? How do they participate from the sidelines and what is the significance of this contribution? What can female fandom tell us about gender relations in sport? This book explores these and related questions by bringing together the varied strands of research being conducted internationally across the social sciences and humanities on this emerging and topical field. While sports spectatorship is a popular and well-respected site of analysis, no book-length, scholarly contribution documents womens experiences of sports fandom. For this reason, there is an obvious need for a book that offers researchers, students and non-professional readers an authoritative introduction to womens modes of sport support. Sport and Its Female Fans will be a landmark contribution in the field of sport research and in studies of sports fandom, making an original contribution to the growing, yet under-researched, area of female sports spectators"--
Examining the efficacy of volunteer HRM practices within a subset of Nordic CSOs
Sport and its female fans
Rugby : a player's guide to the laws
How to play rugby my way
Rugby world cup 2011 : Xbox 360.
Club rugby development in Finland between 2003-2007
Problems of translating the laws of Rugby Union from English into Finnish
Tom Brown's schooldays
IRB world rugby yearbook 2010
Legacy : 15 lessons in leadership : what the All Blacks can teach us about the business of life
It's easy to play sports themes
Miracle in the Andes
Science and football : proceedings of the First World Congress of Science and Football, Liverpool 13-17th April 1987
Science and football. 3, Proceedings of the Third World Congress of Science and Football, Cardiff, Wales 9-13 April 1995
Freetime machos
Rugby for beginners
The importance of developing volunteer human resource management practices in order to improve volunteer retention in community sport organisations is well documented. Increasingly however stakeholders are beginning to realise that the application of traditional management practices within community sport organisations may have only limited success due to inherent differences in the structures, culture, processes and working environments of such organisations to their commerical counterparts. All existing studies have however focused on mainstream, locally popular sports and none have been conducted within the Nordic countries. This study sought to address this gap in the literature by identifying current volunteer human resource management practices within mainstream but not locally popular community sport organisations within the Nordics, and to examine the efficacy of these practices in terms of perceived volunteer retention. Participants were 141 board-level representatives of clubs and federations from the sports of American football, Australian rules football, baseball, cricket, and rugby union in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. Each completed an online survey that identified existing volunteer management practices and assessed perceived issues associated with volunteer retention. The results indicated that the more extensively community sport organisations adopted volunteer management practices, the less perceived problems of volunteer retention were an issue. The application of planning practices in particular were a significant predictor of general perceived problems of volunteer retention and for the retention of board members in particular. The implications for all stakeholders within Nordic community sport are discussed, with specific recommendations that more widespread implementation of planning practices be considered as part of any new model of volunteer management.
Making men : rugby and masculine identity
Sporting sounds : relationships between sport and music
Long run to freedom : sport, cultures and identities in South Africa
The union game : a rugby history
Winning rugby : effective drills for improving player skills
Victor : my journey
Total rugby : fifteen-man rugby for coach and player
Advances in rugby coaching : an holistic approach
Complete conditioning for rugby
Tag rugby : everything you need to play and coach
World in union
Rugby skills, tactics and rules
Rugby union for dummies
Implementation of a new sport - the strategy and difficulties of introducing rugby as school sport in Finland
Pride and penalties
Football : the first hundred years : the untold story
The Science of rugby
