http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4162 education and training to promote employment
education and training to promote employment
Higher education and the preparation for work
Instruments, tools and policies to anticipate the effects of industrial change on employment and vocational qualification
Education, training and employment. Vol. 1, Educated labour : the changing basis of industrial demand : a reader
Balkan survey report 2004-2006 : insight into the situation of deaf people in four balkan region countries : Macedonia, Serbia and Montenegro, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Turkey
Effectiveness of adult education : historical and evaluative studies in Finland
Transition from school to further education and work
Continuing education and training of the long-term unemployed in ten Member States of the European Community : summary report
European trends in the development of occupations and qualifications. Vol. 1
What kind of policy instrument is labour market training? : research report on aims, targets and resources of labour market training in OECD countries
The impact of active programmes on employment in the eras of high and low unemployment
Preliminary findings from a survey on the economic and labour market situation of Finnish artists
Employment in Europe 2007
A comprehensive guide to : sign language interpreting in Europe, 2016 edition
Vocational labour market training in promoting youth employment
Making their way : education, training and the labour market in Canada and Britain
"Across the developed world, most of us who work now earn our living in the service sector. However, the issue of what kind of service economy is sustainable and desirable, both in economic and social terms, is rarely debated. This book argues that this needs to change. National governments have emphasized the role of skills in achieving international competitiveness, higher living standards, and social inclusion. However, even prior to the 2008 financial crisis, problems of over-qualification, skills wastage, and poor job quality were becoming difficult to ignore. This raises important questions about what kind of service sector jobs will be on offer to meet the aspirations of an increasingly qualified workforce and what role can governments play in raising the skills required in jobs and the quality of jobs and services? Work organization and job design are key factors shaping the skill content of work and the opportunities workers have to deploy their skills and capabilities. Through cross-national comparative research, this book examines whether and why service sector jobs vary across countries. Drawing upon detailed empirical research, the jobs of vocational teacher, fitness instructor, and cafe worker in the UK, Norway, and France are compared, allowing an exploration of the role of national institutions, sectors, and organisations in shaping work organization and job quality. The findings contribute to the comparative study of work organization, the relationship between skills and performance, the role and purpose of education and the prospects for better jobs in 'the age of over-qualification'."--Book jacket.
Towards higher employment : the role of labour market institutions
From education to working life : the labour market outcomes of vocational education and training
Sign Language Interpreting in Europe gives an overview of the organizations, training programs, registries, sign language recognition, and the employment situations of Sign Language interpreters in 40 European regions & countries. Both qualitative and quantitative survey data serve as a basis for an in-depth analysis of the current state of affairs as well as future trends. The fourth such survey held in twelve years, the 2012 edition also lists data from previous surveys in order to visualize long-term changes in the field. In addition, this data allows you to make at-a-glance comparisons between individual countries. Sign Language Interpreting in Europe is based on a 2012 survey that was held among 40 national and regional organizations of Sign Language interpreters in 35 European countries. The findings of the survey were supplemented with information found in several media publications on Sign Language Interpreting throughout Europe.
Italy - Community support framework 1994-99 : Objective 3: combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of persons exposed to exlusion from the labour market
Programme for employment in Finland 1996-1999 : halving unemployment
Vocational training and innovative practices in the environmental sector : a comparison of ten EU member states, with specimen cases : synthesis report in the context of the 'Observing innovations in vocational training' project
Active labour market policies around the world : coping with the consequences of globalization
Training without jobs : new deals and broken promises : from raising the school leaving age to the Youth Training Scheme
Does tax evasion affect unemployment and educational choice?
Evaluating labour market training : outcome and effectiveness
Human capital as a factor of growth and promotion of employment at the regional level : the case of France and Germany
Adult education and the labour market 5 : papers from the 5th Seminar of the ESREA Research Network Dubrovnik, May 1999
European trends in the development of occupations and qualifications : findings of research, studies and analyses for policy and practice. Vol. 2
Suomen EU-puheenjohtajuus - koulutuksella uudelle vuosituhannelle = Finlands EU-ordförandeskap - utbildningen på väg mot det nya årtusendet = Finnish Precidency of the EU - education and training into the new millenium = Précidence Finlandaise de l'EU - éducation et formation professionelle au nouveau millénaire
A comprehensive guide to : sign language interpreting in Europe, 2012 edition
Summaries of the mid-term evaluation reports : Finnish objective 3 and 4 programmes
The state of working Britain
Working with young people in Europe : what we can learn from our neighbours
Flexicurity : implications for lifelong career guidance
Welfare state, education and responsiveness
Social indicators are an important tool for evaluating a country's level of social development and for assessing the impact of policy. Such indicators are already in use in investigating poverty and social exclusion in several European countries and have begun to play a significant role in advancing the social dimension of the European Union as a whole. The purpose of this book is to make a scientific contribution to the development of social indicators for the purposes of European policy-making. It considers the principles underlying the construction of policy-relevant indicators, the definition of indicators, and the issues that arise in their implementation, including that of the statistical data required. It seeks to bring together theoretical and methodological methods in the measurement of poverty/social exclusion with the empirical practice of social policy. The experience of Member States is reviewed, including an assessment of the National Action Plans on Social Inclusion submitted for the first time in June 2001 by the fifteen EU governments. The key areas covered by the book are poverty, including its intensity and persistence, income inequality, non-monetary deprivation, low educational attainment, unemployment, joblessness, poor health, poor housing and homelessness, functional illiteracy and innumeracy, and restricted social participation. In each case, the book assesses the strengths and weaknesses of different indicators relevant to social inclusion in the European Union, and makes recommendations for the indicators to be employed. Indicators for Social Inclusion in the European Union is being published at a critical stage in the evolution of the social agenda of the European Union. It is hoped that the report will play a role in widening public debate about the social dimension of Europe and that it will be of value to the social partners, to non-governmental and grass roots organizations, and to those living in poverty and social exclusion. It seeks to provide both a constructive background document at a crucial juncture in the evolution of the social dimension of the European Union and a reference work of continuing value.
Education, training and employment. Vol. 2, The educational response : a reader
Labour market challenges and improving functioning of labour market : summary of the expert group report
From higher education to employment = De l'enseignement supérieur a l'emploi. Vol. 1, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Germany
Managing vocational training systems : a handbook for senior administrators
Survey on the economic situation and social status of the artist in Finland
Higher education and corporate realities : class, culture and the decline of graduate careers
Designing and implementing policies related to career management skills (CMS)
Opportunities in hotel and motel careers
Gender, labour market training and employment
Labour market studies. Ireland
Sign Language Interpreting in Europe, 2016 edition, gives an overview of the organizations, educational programs, and employment situations of sign language interpreters across 45 European countries and regions. This is the fifth updated edition, following publications in 2000, 2004, 2008, and 2012. Qualitative and quantitative survey data allow an in-depth analysis of the current state of affairs in the European field of sign language interpreting. This study also allows you to make at-a-glance comparisons between individual countries and to anticipate future trends. Sign Language Interpreting in Europe is based on a 2016 survey that was held among national organizations of Sign Language interpreters in 45 European countries and regions. The findings of the survey were supplemented with information collected from several publications on sign language interpreting throughout Europe.
Skills in the age of over-qualification : comparing service sector work in Europe
Education and employment = Formation et emploi
Three essays on labour market training : company, individual and policy perspectives
Essays on training, welfare and labor supply
Summaries of the final evaluation reports : finnish objective 3 and 4 programmes
Training for everyone : a guide to the planning of innovative training and employment projects for unemployed young people in the European Community
Youth unemployment in Finland : youth unemployment and workshops as a labour market programme for integration
Impact of ethnicity on employment in Australia
Sign language interpreting in Europe : 2008 edition
Training in Europe : second report on vocational training research in Europe 2000 : background report. Vol. 1
Education, manpower, and economic growth : strategies of human resource development
The public employment service in the United States
Trends in education access and financing during the transition in Central and Eastern Europe
Transition from school to work : new challenges for youth with severe disabilities
Training in the retail sector in Denmark : report for the FORCE programme : retail sector
New chance : individually together : the final report on the project
The effectiveness of labour market training in different eras of unemployment
From higher education to employment = De l'enseignement supérieur a l'emploi. Vol. 2, Canada, Denmark, Spain, United States
On whom falls the burden of restructuring? : evidence from Finland
The financing of vocational education and training in Portugal : financing portrait
Occupational forecasts for 1998 for Ireland and their implications for educational qualifications : paper for meeting of CEDEFOP network 'Circle for research cooperation on trends in occupations and qualifications' (CIRETOQ) Marseille, 20 and 21 November 1995
The labour market in the Netherlands
Empowerment and participation - grassroots democracy by Roma and non-Roma women : baseline study of the Roma community in Valea Seaca, Romania
Sign language interpreting in Europe
Lifelong vocational guidance : European case studies
Forecasting sectors, occupational activities and qualifications in the Federal Republic of Germany : a survey on research activities and recent findings
Summary (s. 5-9).
Estimation in a duration model for evaluating educational programs
The interaction between artists' professional training and employment in the field of Finnish theatre
Maritrain project : final report from a maritime training project funded by the ADAPT community initiative of the European Social Fund
Training and learning for competence : second report on vocational training research in Europe : synthesis report
New opportunities for women : local action for women
Effectiveness, dead weight effects and other concepts of evaluation : European Social Fund Objective 4 programme, Finland
Maintenance skills in the engineering industry : the influence of technological change
Guidelines for policies and systems development for lifelong guidance : a reference framework for the EU and for the commission : brief summary
Social indicators : the EU and social inclusion
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Varying biases in the matching estimates : evidence from two randomized job search training experiments
Bringing learning to life : the learning revolution, the economy and the individual
Effectiveness, dead weight effects and other concepts of evaluation : European Social Fund objective 4 programme Finland
Nordic labour market policies and labour market research
Employment policy from different angles
Adult education and the labour market 2 : ESREA research network : papers from the second Seminar of the Network in Strobl, Austria, June 1995
"How big is your world?" : the Europe, youth and globalisation : an anthology
Supporting growth and jobs : an agenda for the modernisation of Europe's higher education systems
Palestinian society in Gaza, West Bank and Arab Jerusalem : a survey of living conditions
Vocational education and training in Spain : short description
Measuring what people know : human capital accounting for the knowledge economy
Human resource development : smaller Pacific island countries
Transitions : schooling and employment in Canada
Youth, education and work in Europe
Deaf people and the labour market in Sweden : Education - Employment - Economy
Planning human resources : methods, experiences and practices
Educational and vocational orientation for the adult unemployed and in particular the long-term unemployed in Denmark
Abstract (1 s.).
Education and longer working lives : a longitudinal study on education differences in the late exit from working life of older employees in Finland
Education-jobs gap : underemployment or economic democracy
