http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4168 distance
distance
Barry lives all by himself deep in the forest. But this furry chap is never on his own for long. 'Come here, Snuggle-wuggles'. Oh dear! All the other animals won't stop cuddling him! There are simply too many hugs to handle. How can he get them to stop?
Sarkaleveyden vaikutus ojitusinvestoinnin taloudelliseen tulokseen = Effects of drain spacing on the economic results of forest drainage investments
Internationalization pathways of family SMEs: psychic distance as a focal point
Residential area and health : a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Introduction to agricultural engineering technology : a problem solving approach
Spatial interaction and spatial structure : a study of public facility location
Integrated receiver channel and timing discrimination circuits for a pulsed time-of-flight laser rangefinder
Computational studies of electronic properties of an ethene-tetrafluoroethene complex and three indolizine derivatives
Encyclopedia of distances
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
Homo- and heterometallic metal atomic strings
Uniting the virtual workforce : transforming leadership and innovation in the globally integrated enterprise
Does distance matter? : on geographical dispersion in organisations
The Esri guide to GIS analysis. Vol. 3, Modeling suitability, movement, and interaction
Theoretical basis of the dynamic universe
Runoff from open peatlands as influenced by ditching = Metsäojituksen vaikutus avosuon valuntaan. 1, Theoretical analysis = Teoreettinen analyysi
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
Analysing multimodal accessibility and mobility in urban environments : final report of an intensive course at the Department of Geosciences and Geography, University of Helsinki, autumn 2014
How far are the sun, the moon and the stars? : And where is Reykjavik from Helsinki
A stabilized multi-channel CMOS time-to-digital converter based on a low frequency reference
The geographical dimensions of partner choice
Distance determinations to nearby galaxies
Proximity sensors : sensors for handling and processing technology : textbook FP 1110
Analysing spatial accessibility patterns with travel time and distance measures : novel approaches for rural and urban contexts
Single photon detection based devices and techniques for pulsed time-of-flight applications
Effects of drain spacing on the economic results of forest drainage investments.
Efficient algorithms for coastal geographic problems
Reeds marine distance tables
Internationalization pathways of family SMEs
Geographic profiling : using home to crime distances and crime features to predict offender home location
Koneiden turvallisuus = [Safety of machinery]. Osa 2, Valikoima olennaisten koneturvallisuusstandardien kumottuja painoksia = Selection of withdrawn editions of essential machine safety standards
Abstract.
Essays on family migration and geographical mobility in Finland
Differential evolution based classification with pool of distances and aggregation operators
Physical and cultural space in pre-industrial Europe : methodological approaches to spatiality
Integrated CMOS circuits for laser radar transceivers
The extragalactic distance scale : proceedings of the ST ScI May Symposium, held in Baltimore, Maryland, May 7-10, 1996
Residential area and health:a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Distant Love : personal life in the global age
Cosmological distances, dynamics, and distributions : a journey to H [sub O] and beyond via 6619 spiral galaxies
Wonders of the universe
The horizon : a history of our infinite longing
Prior to the Industrial Era, the geography of Europe posed problems, but also offered possibilities for its people. This book intends to answer how early modern Europeans - rulers, officials, aristocrats, scholars, priests, and commoners - perceived, utilised and organised the space around them.
The ESRI guide to GIS analysis. Vol. 2 : Spatial measurements & statistics
Rethinking Historical Distance
Proximity sensors : workbook FP 1110
Using deterministic and stochastic distance functions to measure the effects of pollution control on a firm
The impact of distance to the farm compound on the options for use of the cereal plot
Evaluation of a handling system for ley crop used in biogas production : capacities and costs for a centralised system = Utvärdering av ett hanteringssystem för vallgröda ämnad för biogasproduktion
Outdoor recreation in Swedish forests : implications for society and forestry
Wooden eyes : nine reflections on distance
Cool conduct : the culture of distance in Weimar Germany
CMOS time-to-digital converter structures for the integrated receiver of a pulsed time-of-flight laser rangefinder
Our black skin is the problem. Our skin is the target. We could be doing nothing, yet they will say we do everything : distancing and solidarity via metaphors and metonymy in a critical discourse analysis of #blacklivesmatter Twitter discourse
On distance distributions in networks
Negotiating proper distance
Can grave customs be taken over by one ethnic group from another?
On historical distance
What is a horizon? A line where land meets sky? The end of the world or the beginning of perception? In this title, the author journeys to the outer reaches of human experience and explores philosophy, religion, and art to understand our struggle and fascination with limits - of life, knowledge, existence, and death.
