http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4166 landing (military operations)
landing (military operations)
Amphibious warfare 1000-1700 : commerce, state formation and European expansion
D-Day, 1944 : voices from Normandy
Bitter victory : the battle for Sicily, July-August 1943
Righteous deception : German officers against Hitler
The autobiography of the British soldier : from Agincourt to Basra, in his own words
The Kennedys
Operation Sea lion : Hitler's plot to invade England
D-Day in photographs
Nineteen weeks : America, Britain, and the fateful summer of 1940
The Normandy Landings that took place on D-Day involved by far the largest invasion fleet ever known. The scale of the undertaking was simply awesome. What followed them was some of the most cunning and ferocious fighting of the war, at times as savage as anything seen on the Eastern Front. As casualties mounted, so too did the tensions between the principal commanders on both sides. Meanwhile, French civilians caught in the middle of these battlefields or under Allied bombing endured terrible suffering. Even the joys of Liberation had their darker side. The war in northern France marked not just a generation but the whole of the post-war world, profoundly influencing relations between America and Europe. Making use of overlooked and new material from over thirty archives in half a dozen countries, "D-Day" is the most vivid and well-researched account yet of the battle of Normandy. As with Stalingrad and Berlin, Antony Beevor's gripping narrative conveys the true experience of war.
Patton : ordeal and triumph
D-day : the Normandy landings and the liberation of Europe
Participatory landing site development for artisanal fisheries livelihoods : users' manual
D-day : 70 years later : remembering the battle that won the war
Omaha Beach : a flawed victory
The Penguin atlas of D-Day and the Normandy campaign
Colour of war. D-day
The Bedford boys : one small town's D-Day sacrifice
Normandy : the landings to the liberation of Paris
The Story of D-Day : 50 th Anniversary Edition
Men vem gav orderna? = But who gave the orders?
Dog Company : the boys of Pointe du Hoc : Rangers who landed at D-Day and fought across Europe
Mapping the Second World War : the key battles of the European theatre from above
Operation Neptune
D-Day through French eyes : Normandy 1944
Pegasus bridge : D-day : the daring British airborne raid
D-day : Operation Overlord : from its planning to the liberation of Paris
D-Day : the battle for Normandy
The day the war was won : D-day landing
Versatile ship-to-shore solutions serve a range of port requirements
Fighting in Normandy : the German army from D-Day to Villiers-Bocage
D-Day in history and memory : the Normandy landings in international remembrance and commemoration
The Emperor's gold
Bay of Pigs : an oral history of brigade 2506
Untold stories of WWII
Double cross : the true story of the D-Day spies
Patton unleashed : Patton's third army and breakout from Normandy, August-Spetember 1944
Overlord : the D-Day landings
Battlefield : Toisen maailmansodan ratkaisevien taisteluiden historia. Taistelu normandiasta = The battle of normandy
The Bay of Pigs : the leaders' story of brigade 2506
Atlantin valli murtuu : The longest day
Cracking Hitler's Atlantic Wall : the 1st Assault Brigade Royal Engineers on D-Day
Tanks : the great battles
The century of warfare. Volume 8, Normandy to the Rhine - the western front: 1942-1945 ; The end in Europe - eastern and western fronts: 1945.
D-day to Berlin : armour camouflage and markings of the United States, British and German Armies, June 1944 to May 1945
Dieppe : the dawn of decision
Keith Grint argues that the successes and failures of D-Day, on both sides, cannot be explained by comparing the competing strategies of each side. Instead he provides an account of the battle through the overarching nature of the relationship between the leaders and their followers.
Black watch : liberating Europe and catching Himmler : my extraordinary WW2 with highland division
Abstract and original papers in English.
Forecast for Overlord : June 6, 1944
The D-Day atlas : anatomy of the Normandy campaign
The D-day kit bag : the ultimate guide to the Allied assault on Europe
Okinawa 1945 : assault on the Empire
Accidental warrior : in the front line from Normandy till victory
Operation Sea Lion : German plans for the invasion of England, 1939-1942
Leadership, management and command : rethinking D-Day
Band of Brothers : E Company, 506th Regiment, 101st Airborne from Normandy to Hitler's Eagle's Nest
Assault from the sea
The Commanders
People flow key to KONE lift design
The Pacific
Battleground : the greatest tank duels in history
