http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4176 needs
needs
How to integrate international students into private and business life in Ylivieska region
Sustainable design strategies: Examination of aesthetics and function in zero waste and upcycling
Poverty as capability failure
Customer needs and wants for organizing children celebrations in Helsinki Metropolitan area
Fundamental skills and concepts in patient care
China's outbound tourism has experienced tremendous growth in recent years. The fact that the Chinese outbound market is a very valuable market, not only because of its size, but also due to the shopping behavior of Chinese tourists, provides the background and rationale for this thesis.  Finland is still mainly seen as only a convenient gateway rather than a single destination for the Chinese tourists. Up to two thirds of the Chinese tourists that pass through Helsinki continue onwards to other destinations; the rest that stop in the city remain only a few nights.     The development of increasingly appealing travel products is the challenge that Helsinki faces today. The ultimate goal is to attract new Chinese tourists to Helsinki and Radisson SAS Seaside and keep the current ones satisfied enough to come back. In order for the products to be appealing, they must be adapted to the specific needs of Chinese tourists. This thesis aims to gain a better understanding of Chinese tourists, so that services and travel products could be adapted to their specific needs.     Radisson SAS Seaside hotel has noticed the demand. At the end of the study recommendations are given to the hotel on how it can better cater for the needs and expectations of its Chinese customers. Suggestions are given on: How can existing services be improved? How can new appealing travel products be built?    The theoretical background takes a look into the history, development and main characteristics of Chinese outbound tourism. The underlying cultural values behind the behaviour of Chinese tourists are presented. Drawing from former research both in Finland and elsewhere, the key characteristics of Chinese tourists are described.    The interests and opinions of 205 Chinese hotel guests were measured at Radisson SAS hotel during the summer of 2007. A structured questionnaire consisting of three sections was used as the research instrument. The data was thoroughly analyzed by descriptive techniques of frequency and mean scores.    The results show that the most popular activities were those related to Finnish lifestyle and nature: such as a stroll in the woods, dining at a Finnish home and a summer cottage experience. Out of the top ten, six of were focused around nature. The results also show that the Chinese want to learn about and experience the Finnish way of life in a deeper way, so emphasis should be placed on this when possible new travel products are created. Out of all the 19 activities and experiences introduced in the questionnaire, the ten that were most appealing to the Chinese tourists could be used to make new travel products at Radisson SAS Seaside. The travel products should be flexible in nature: each experience could be sold as a separate product or the guests could mix and match according to their own like. The packages could also vary in length or in depth of experience. Suggestions are also given on how the hotel can improve its existing services for the Chinese.
Nursing diagnoses : definitions & classification 2012-2014
An attempt at a discussion about the quality of life and morality in industrial society
Recognition, needs and wrongness : two approaches
Welfare, ideology and need : developing perspectives on the welfare state
Experience design : exploring the value of creating experiences
Assessing information needs : tools, techniques and concepts for the Internet Age
The 5 love languages : the secret to love that lasts
Finnish government official's perception of their language skills 1993-1994. Anni Walder
Information services today : an introduction
Designing a model for business training in Finnish biotechnology companies
The psychology of education
The political philosophy of needs
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
The search for health needs : research for health visiting practice
From needs assessment to action : transforming needs into solution strategies
Challenges for new product development process in international B2B market
Children and society
Designing a security intranet for company X
A theory of human need
Adults: their educational experience and needs : the report of national survey
Ecotourism : a practical guide for rural communities
The not so big house : a blueprint for the way we really live
SMARTSET : User Requirements Difinition
Customer needs for the specially designed furniture and indoor sets for children
Wellbeing in developing countries : from theory to research
The theory of need in Marx
Guidelines for standards developers to address the needs of older persons and persons with disabilities
The elements of nursing
Factors affecting customer's buying behaviour at Uniq Clothing
Clothing as a user interface : user needs for smart clothing in keep-fit training
The patients caring needs : to understand and measure the unmeasureable
Risk and safety management in industry, logistics, transport and military service: new solutions for the 21st century : proceedings of the international scientific-educational conference : March 25-28, 2003, Tallinn
Product development:drivers, stakeholders, and customer representation during early development
User need driven product concept development : ubiquitous computing scenario creation and evaluation
Need definitions and child welfare
Recognition and recognitive attitudes between refugees and authorities : a Finnish example
Nomads of the present : social movements and individual needs in contemporary society
How to cater better to the needs of Chinese tourists
Employee job satisfaction in an Irish based call centre : RCI Case Study
Meaningfulness of printed textile
Divorce and the special needs child
Step-by-step QFD : customer-driven product design
Essential midwifery
Selling results solutions : creating sales opportunities in mature industrial markets
Evaluation of the client’s customer needing and the cervice provider’s offering in a media agency context : is there alignment or gap?
Approaches to needs assessment in children's services
The Blackwell handbook of principles of organizational behavior
Inventory of artisanal fishery communities in the Western and Central Mediterranean
Post-romantic stress disorder : what to do when the honeymoon is over : new discoveries about lust, love, and saving your marriage before it's too late
Raising Cain : protecting the emotional life of boys
Embodiment, emotion, and cognition
The goal of this thesis was to develop a prototype of a need-based artificial intelligence (AI) for a computer game. The thesis wasn't commissioned by a third party, but was done out of my own interest and to improve my know-how. The AI was developed for Spaceship Captain, a game I have been working on for some time. Spaceship Captain is a story focused, 2D-life simulation/role-playing game for PC. The game’s central feature is random generated non-playable characters and their social AI, highly reminiscent of the AI seen in The Sims. As the complete AI was going to be too complex subject for a thesis, I instead decided to only cover the need-based functionality. The prototype was developed with Unity and Microsoft Visual Studio. The most important methods for developing the prototype were finite state machines, fuzzy logic, navigation meshes and smart objects. The AI of The Sims was used as a jumping-off as it's also need-based. Instead of taking the needs that The Sims uses though, Maslow's hierarchy of needs was used a base instead and later modified further. The AI prototype was successfully developed, though not as expansively as first envisioned. Only a handful of the designed needs made their way into the prototype, but this ultimately wasn't a real issue, as implementing all of the needs as designed, they would've needed additional systems to accompany them. The core of the need-based functionality was however developed as planned. During the writing of this thesis, a handful of points of improvement were discovered with the prototype, but as again they weren't something to be dealt with within the scope of the thesis, they were left for future development.
The consumer society reader
The continuum concept
Recovering from intimate partner violence : systematic literature review
Satiation : from gut to brain
English language needs and language proficiency of academic professionals as a basis for developing language training : a case study of environmental researchers
Psychological needs and social-cognitive influences on participation in music activities
High latitude agriculture is rainfed. Climate change could, however, increase water deficiency and initiate a call for development of irrigation systems as a part of field water management systems. This study aimed to develop a basic understanding about the current state of irrigation potential according to region by monitoring proximity of fields to waterways and characterizing their general conditions. One third of Finnish fields are in direct contact with a shoreline of an inland waterway. This coupled with Finland being water-rich country may improve adaptive capacity to cope with the potentially harmful impacts of climate change in the future. However, there are marked differences between regions in access to water resources. Findings of this survey will serve as background information needed to assess future needs for introduction of irrigation and to evaluate the opportunities to close yield gaps and improve yield stability through irrigation.
Treating worker dissatisfaction during economic change
The consumer society
Parents needs : caring for the child with Prader-Willi syndrome
Information architecture for information professionals
Rapid productisation process : managing an unexpected product increment
Toward a psychology of being
Explore customers' needs in the process of developing high-tech services : a case of research labs in Northern Finland and Sweden
Open ward services for the mentally handicapped in Turku and Turku region
Human needs and the nursing process. [1.]
Needs and welfare
Tourist destinations and attraction : interpretations of the spatiliaty of tourist motives
Finnish Customer Expectations in Senior Residences on Costa del Sol, Spain : Case: Villa Aurora Company
Patient and staff perceptions of psychiatric hospitalization
The first comprehensive, psychological theory in over a century - Reiss picks up where William James left off. This ground breaking work will change the way we understand religion. Religion is about the values motivated by the sixteen basic desires of human nature. It has mass appeal because it accommodates the values of people with opposite personality traits. This is the first comprehensive theory of the psychology of religion that can be scientifically verified.
The SST method schema : a tool for analysing work task-based web information search processes
The social economics of human material need
The limits to satisfaction : an essay on the problem of needs and commodities
Key issues in special educational needs and inclusion
The invisible hand plays dice : multiple equilibria in sects markets
Whaley and Wong's children's nursing
Customer need mapping for an on-line optical particle analyser in the mineral processing industry
Needs described by the representatives of immigrant associations in the Helsinki-region
Arguing for basic income : ethical foundations for a radical reform
Need-based artificial intelligence for a computer game : case Spaceship Captain -prototype
Supporting families of children with sickle cell disease
The knowing work practice as situational creation of meaning : a study to facilitate the communication of knowledge
International outcome measures in mental health : quality of life, needs, service satisfaction, costs and impact on carers
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2010 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2010 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2010
Identifying needs and promoting the empowerment of Kenyan AIDS orphans and their foster families
The elements of nursing : a model for nursing based on a model of living
Needs assessment in occupational therapy : studies of persons with long-term/recurrent pain
Consumer behavior
Baby-led parenting : the easy way to nurture, understand and connect with your baby
Adult patient family needs in acute care settings : a literature review
Norph
Phosphorus in Finnish soils in the 1900s with particular reference to the acid ammonium acetate soil test
Regional P stocks in soil and in animal manure as compared to P requirement of plants in Finland : Baltic Forum for Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Manure Management : WP4 Standardisation of manure types with focus on phosphorus
Case studies in human information behaviour in smart urban spaces
Basic needs and development
Extreme programming : Introducing a requrements management process for an offsite customer
Patient suitability for short-term and long-term psychotherapy
Somali immigrants’ needs and expectations towards health care services in Helsinki metropolitan
Build-to-order & mass customization : the ultimate supply chain management and lean manufacturing strategy for low-cost on-demand production without forecasts or inventory
Borrowing Coy's (2004) words; Communicating hotel's marketing message to the “general public” is a waste of time, money and effort.  The general public is too large a mass, its de-scription too vague and its needs too varied for you to satisfy. Smart hotel marketers use segmentation and profiling and direct marketing to reach specific customer segments that a need, interest and ability to buy their hotel products.”    This case study concentrates on a customer segment demanding for more 'luxurious' services compared to an average hotel guest, as Crowne Plaza Helsinki offers their customers accommodation in club rooms for somewhat higher rates. The most noticeable objective of this thesis was to better understand the expectations and the needs of this particular segment.  By accomplishing the research, the aim was to find out what kind of products and services these quests could be advertised and provided with in order to make the stay in Helsinki an excellent experience.    This work has been completed within a rather compact timeframe, between May 2008, when starting the actual planning,  and November 2008 by which the research part, analysis and finalizing the work was done. A questionnaire was used as a research method and the study as whole was carried out within approximately a three week period.    The thesis is hoped to be helpful for the related company when developing marketing ideas in the near future. When considering the market circumstances with this specific niche in question, the created customer profile could help the hotel marketers as well as even destination marketers in co-operation to reach the right customers, and lay out marketing and advertising strategies to successfully communicate with targeted, prospective customers    This work also benefits the author, functioning as an excellent experience and learning tool bearing in mind the forthcoming career opportunities.    Following the official guideline, this paper progresses from introduction and literature review on to methodology explained all the way to analysis and final conclusions. Necessary addi-tional information is found in the end as appendices
How to limit the quantitative growth in needs
The training needs of service entrepreneurs in Pirkanmaa
Rapid productization - empirical study on preconditions and challenges
The 16 strivings for God : the new psychology of religious experiences
Maternal newborn nursing care plans
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland : 2, Sufficient phosphorus application rates on silty and sandy soils
Role of information in new product development
Effects of group size and space allocation on physiological, behavioural and production-related welfare parameters in farmed silver fox cubs
The assessment of traumatized refugees : clinical practices at the Cultural Psychiatry Outpatient Clinic
Basic nursing : theory and practice
Proximity of waterways to Finnish farmlands and associated characteristics of regional land use
The drama of being a child : the search for the true self
Anorexia and mimetic desire
Adolescent psychiatric inpatients with first hospitalization due to anorexia nervosa : can rehospitalization be predicted by clinical features?
Demography report 2008 : meeting social needs in an ageing society
Developing knowledge workers in the printing and publishing industries : education, training and knowledge management in the publishing supply chain from the creator to the consumer
Basic income : freedom from poverty, freedom to work
The mind of the customer : how great companies like UPS, Lexus and Nokia have reinvented the sales process to accelerate their customers' success
eCompetence for social work
Crop yield response to water
Profile of a Crowne Plaza Helsinki Hotel “luxury” customer
Effective drivers in engine selection and customer segments
Ladies and gents : public toilets and gender
Nursing : the philosophy and science of caring
The needs of strangers
"Beginning with the view that human consciousness is essentially embodied and that the way we consciously experience the world is structured by our bodily dynamics and surroundings, the book argues that emotions are a fundamental manifestation of our embodiment, and play a crucial role in self-consciousness, moral evaluation, and social cognition"--
Energy, transportation and urban environment in Africa : the case of Rabat-Salé, Morocco
How the basic human needs of patients are met : analysis, testing and application of Maslow's motivation theory for patient care
Needs assessment and community care : clinical practice and policy making
The Radleys
Tools for parents : a handbook to bring sensory integration into the home
Cross-cultural differences in perspectives on the self
Satisfaction : a behavioral perspective on the consumer
Liminality informatics : an information perspective on ritual activity
This thesis aims to identify the needs of multicultural guests in German business hotels. The discovery of current literature on multicultural issues and on personalized service and its consequences as well as an overview of the German incoming tourism focusing business tourism provides theoretical knowledge on the topic.  As the main aim of this thesis is to explore which products and services are needed at a German business hotel in order to satisfy a business traveller with a diverse cultural background, primary research in form of a questionnaire survey was applied. In order to narrow the target group of multicultural guests, the authors targeted the main Eastern incoming markets with the greatest percentages: the Chinese; people from the Gulf states; the Japanese; Indians and Russians.  As qualitative and quantitative methods are combined in form of interviews and questionnaires, this thesis is a survey research. E-mail questionnaires were sent to companies dealing with German companies located in the target countries of this research. For the interviews, e-mails with the questions conducted for the interview were sent to two international chain hotels located in Germany.  Primary research findings verified that culturally diverse guests have different needs regarding their culture and religion. Such needs can't be ignored in order to satisfy the business hotel guests. Therefore, the specific needs have been determined. The authors' primary and secondary findings are divided into the specific cultural needs of service, language, food and beverages, religion, basic equipment as well as of additional facilities.  The main findings were the overall preference of an adjustment to the guests' cultures. The importance of languages, especially, the need of fluent English speaking personnel as well as of information, newspaper and TV channels in the guests' mother tongues. The significance of respecting the different religions of the guests, especially, with regard to food and beverages as well as to praying possibilities. The interest in the traditional German cuisine and in international cuisine by most of the hotel guests, however, their religion should be always considered.  The thesis ends with a discussion of the primary findings with regard to the secondary research as well as with the authors' suggestions how a German business hotel could implement those findings. Finally, recommendations for further research are given.
Religious participation is much more widespread in the United States than in Europe, while Europeans tend to view sects more suspiciously than Americans. We propose an explanation for these patterns without assuming differences in preferences or market fundamentals. We study a religious market where both demand and supply of spiritual services are endogenous. Such markets may have multiple equilibria. Further, equilibria with more sects result in higher welfare and lower membership costs, as secular societies tend to host on average more demanding sects.
Nursing assessment tool to assess the needs of adult family members of patients in the surgical ward at Aga Khan University Hospital
GIS for health organizations
Social and behavioural  sciences for nurses : an integrated approach
Meeting the language needs of graduate students
The basic psychological needs in physical education scale in Filipino
An intention-driven approach for usability-related requirements engineering : interaction design of innovative software products for consumer market.
Perceived autonomy support, basic needs satisfaction, motivation regulation and well-being : verification of self-determination theory in dancers in Finland
On the highest forms of human welfare
Language choices and the need for interpreting services for deaf children and young people with cochlear implants
Product development : drivers, stakeholders, and customer representation during early development
The problem of human needs and the critique of civilisation
Health and lifestyle : Icelanders' everyday life information behaviour
Forestry and the satisfaction of needs in three Nepalese villages
Children's needs : development, prevention, and intervention. 3
Communication as a psychological need in the care of the patients with terminal illness : literature review
Consuming supplements : paradoxes of modern hedonism
Possibility, agency and individuality in Leibniz's metaphysics
Human needs and the nursing process. 2.
The philosophy of need
Paediatric emergency triage, assessment and treatment : care of critically ill children : updated guideline
Developing and investing in senior houses in Finland : senior's preferences and investors' insights
Professional or transferable skills? : analysis of skills contributing to work performance
Need-based artificial intelligence for a computer game : Case Spaceship Captain –prototype
Principles of human nutrition
Sharing reality : an insight from phenomenology to John Burton's problem-solving conflict resolution theory
Offers sales and marketing professionals with a plan for improving profitability, productivity, and customer satisfaction. This book includes graphics which illustrate and clarify concepts.
More than just beer and sauerkraut : how German business hotels can adjust to the needs of their multicultural guests' needs
Guidelines for designing data collection and sharing systems for co-managed fisheries. Part 1, Practical guide
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2009 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2009 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2009
Human needs and the market
