http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4175 drives (biological properties)
drives (biological properties)
Boys be : second season. Vol. 10
Art and power : Europe under the dictators 1930-45 : [Hayward Gallery, London, 26 October 1995 - 21 January : Centre de Cultura Contemporánia de Barcelona, 26 February - 6 May 1996 : Deutsches Historisches Museum, Berlin, 7 June - 20 August 1996] / compiled and selected by Dawn Ades ...[et al.] ; foreword by Eric Hobsbawm ; afterword by Neal Ascherson
Boys be : second season. Vol. 13
Studies in the Psychology of Sex / vol. 3, Analysis of the Sexual Impulse, Love and Pain, the Sexual Impulse in Women
Sexual appetite, desire and motivation : energetics of the sexual system
Boys be : second season. Vol. 6
Your killer emotions : the 7 steps to mastering the toxic emotions, urges, and impulses that sabotage you
How sexual desire works : the enigmatic urge
Boys be : second season. Vol. 5
Freud's drive : psychoanalysis, literature and film
Basic psychoanalytic concepts on the theory of instincts
Confessions of a crap artist : Jack Isidore (of Seville, Calif.) :a chronicle of verified scientific fact, 1945-1959
Sexuality at stake : the essentialist and constructionist approaches to sexuality in anthropology
Szondi's personality theory in the year 2004.. Second volume, Validity and reliability for the Szondi test : drive emotions and colour preferences
The book of aphrodisiacs
Human sexuality
The differentiation of sexual behavior and partner preference of the male rat
Instinct : an enduring problem in psychology : selected readings
Boys be : second season. Vol. 2
Beyond pleasure : Freud, Lacan, Barthes / Margaret Iversen
Boys be : second season. Vol. 3
"Instinct" and "intelligence" : the behaviour of animals and man
Bodies of law
New pathways in psychology : Maslow and the post-Freudian revolution
Great books of the Western World. 54, The major works of Sigmund Freud
Boys be : second season. Vol. 4
Representing the woman : cinema and psychoanalysis
Szondi's personality theory in the year 2000.. Book 1, Some experimental specifications
Boys be : second season. Vol. 14
Beyond my control : forbidden fantasies in an uncensored age
Producing desire : changing sexual discourse in the Ottoman Middle East, 1500-1900
Landmarks in psychoanalysis : collected papers
Boys be : second season. Vol. 9
Boys be : second season. Vol. 11
Boys be : second season. Vol. 8
Boys be : second season. Vol. 16
EnGendering AIDS : deconstructing sex, text and epidemic
Not even a hint
Between sexual desire and reality : the evolution of sex in Finland
In an original and stimulating analysis of gender and AIDS, Tamsin Wilton assesses safer sex health promotion and health education discourse and considers their unintended consequences for the cultural construction of gender and sexuality. Taking a queer/feminist constructionist position, she links issues of power, gender, sexuality, and nationalism in an attempt to offer a sound theoretical foundation for an effective and radical HIV/AIDS health promotion strategy. EnGendering AIDS draws on safer sex materials from the USA, UK, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and Scandinavia and sets current practice against the historical context of VD/STD education, dissecting the role played by STDs in the cultural construction of gender. Wilton debates the meanings that erotic minorities read into bodies and desires, and how these have been transformed by AIDS, and suggests a new model of pornography that disengages the sexually explicit and/or erotically arousing from gendered power relations. EnGendering AIDS suggests a radically innovative approach to the development of effective safer sex promotional strategies based on new thinking in health promotion and on the insights of both radical feminism and queer theory. This book will be of interest to professionals in health promotion and health education, and also to students and academics in women's studies, gender studies, lesbian and gay studies, sexuality, cultural studies, media studies, social policy, and medical sociology.
"Nymphomania - organic disease, psychological disorder, legal construct, and locker-room joke. Throughout history, it's been all these and more. Today images of sexually available women permeate our culture, and curiosity about nymphomania appears to be as insatiable as the stereo-typical nymphomaniac herself." "Carol Groneman follows the idea of nymphomania over the last two hundred years, unraveling questions about how much is too much sex for women - and who decides."--Jacket
Role of neonatal pituitary-testicular function in sexual maturation of male rats
Boys be : second season. Vol. 1
Boys be : second season. Vol. 15
InterCourses : an aphrodisiac cookbook
Finnish summary.
Eros and civilization : a philisophical inquiry into Freud
Human sperm competition : copulation, masturbation and infidelity
Boys be : second season. Vol. 12
The impact on aging on human sexual activity and sexual desire
Sperm competition in birds : evolutionary causes and consequences
Nymphomania : a history
Boys be : second season. Vol. 7
The sex diaries : why women go off sex and other bedroom battles
Life drive and death drive, libido and lethe : a formalized consistent model of psychoanalytic drive and structure theory
