http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4174 desire
desire eagerness
When does the pursuit of self-interest go too far, lapsing into morally unacceptable behaviour? Until the unprecedented events of the recent global financial crisis economists often seemed unconcerned with this question, even suggesting that "greed is good." A closer look, however, suggests that greed and lust are generally considered good only for men, and then only outside the realm of family life. The history of Western economic ideas shows that men have given themselves more cultural permission than women for the pursuit of both economic and sexual self-interest. Feminists have long contested the boundaries of this permission, demanding more than mere freedom to act more like men. Women have gradually gained the power to revise our conceptual and moral maps and to insist on a better-and less gendered-balance between self interest and care for others. This book brings women's work, their sexuality, and their ideas into the center of the dialectic between economic history and the history of economic ideas. It describes a spiralling process of economic and cultural change in Great Britain, France, and the United States since the 18th century that shaped the evolution of patriarchal capitalism and the larger relationship between production and reproduction. This feminist reinterpretation of our past holds profound implications for today's efforts to develop a more humane and sustainable form of capitalism.
English summary: Inner narrative, life, and change.
"Making work pay" debates from a gender perspective : a comparative review of some recent policy reforms in thirty European countries
Aristotle on desire
Lust : what we know about human sexual desire
Addiction in action
Piers Plowman and the medieval discourse of desire
Desire : a history of european sexuality
Oxford studies in agency and responsibility. Volume 1
Eating disorders : anorexia, bulimia and binge eating
Abstract.
Not even a hint
On desire : why we want what we want
Three faces of desire
One-pound gospel
Looking glasses and neverlands : Lacan, desire, and subjectivity in children's literature
Fussy Freya
That's (not) mine
Trouble with strangers : a study of ethics
The brute within : appetitive desire in Plato and Aristotle
Theories of desire
The cow who climbed a tree
Sacred violence : Girard, Bataille and the vicissitudes of human desire
However we conceive of ethics, whether by appeal to an exterior or traditional notion of right and wrong, or by appeal to some form of individual virtue or responsibility, it implies some form of agency. Where there is an ethical act, there must be someone acting ethically. Working from this simple premise, this book argues that the manner in which we conceive that 'someone' is the condition of possibility for our conception of ethics and, consequently, our ethical potential. Against the commonplace conception of the modern individual as self-identical, self-aware and self-governing, the author presents a detailed introduction to the Lacanian subject, a conception of the self as anything but self-identical, self-aware and self-governing. The book goes on to show how such a rethinking of the subject necessitates a rethinking of our relation to law, tradition and morality, as well as a rethinking of our understanding of guilt, responsibility and desire. In short, it necessitates a rethinking of ethics.
Satiation : from gut to brain
Love stories : language, private love, and public romance in Georgia
Reasons from within : desires and values
The Radleys
Clinical phenomenology and cognitive psychology
Do single nucleotide polymorphisms in the estrogen receptor 1 and 2 genes affect female sexual desire and arousal?
Desire : its role in practical reason and the explanation of action
Greed, lust and gender : a history of economic ideas
Benefit systems and work incentives
Mimesis, desire, and the novel : René Girard and literary criticism
Philosophy and desire
Audrey (cow) : an oral account of a most daring escape, based more or less on a true story
City of desires - a place for God? : practical theological perspectives
Allegories of desire : body, nation, and empire in modern Caribbean literature by women
Masochism - the riddle of femininity? : a developmental perspective
"In Read My Desire, Joan Copjec stages a confrontation between the theories of Jacques Lacan and Michel Foucault, protagonists of two powerful modern discourses--psychoanalysis and historicism. Ordinarily, these discourses only cross paths long enough for historicists to charge psychoanalysis with an indifference to history, but here psychoanalysis, via Lacan, goes on the offensive. Refusing to cede historicity to the historicists, Copjec makes a case for the superiority of Lacan's explanation of historical processes and generative principles. Her goal is to inspire a new kind of cultural critique, one that is 'literate in desire', and capable of interpreting what is unsaid in the manifold operations of culture"--Page 4 of cover.
Arousal : the secret logic of sexual fantasies
Handbook of assessment methods for eating behaviors and weight-related problems : measures, theory and research
The decision book : fifty models for strategic thinking
Fragments of desire : Sapphic fictions in works by H.D., Judy Grahn, and Monique Wittig
The ways of desire : new essays in philosophical psychology on the concept of wanting
Anorexia and mimetic desire
Scoring in elite soccer
Between sexual desire and reality : the evolution of sex in Finland
Akrasia in Greek philosophy : from Socrates to Plotinus
Philosophy and psychoanalytic theory : collected essays
Body's perilous pleasures : dangerous desires and contemporary culture
Mesoporous silicon micro- and nanoparticles : a versatile tool for peptide delivery
Children's and families' holiday experience
The Antigone complex : ethics and the invention of feminine desire
Desire, practical reason, and the good
The hungry soul
TCDD-induced changes in the expression of selected hypothalamic feeding-regulatory genes and mRNA quantification using reverse transcription qPCR
Troggle the troll
I can make you thin
This collection of state of the art interpretations of the thought of Rene Girard follows on from the volume Violence, Desire, and the Sacred: Girard's Mimetic Theory Across the Disciplines (2012). The previous collection has been acclaimed for demonstrating and showcasing Girard's mimetic theory at its inter-disciplinary best by bringing together scholars who apply Girard's insights in different fields. This new volume builds on and extends the work of that earlier collection by moving into new areas such as psychology, politics, classical literature, national literature, and practical applications of Girard's theory in pastoral/spiritual care, peace-making and religious thought and practice.
Saving desire : the seduction of Christian theology
The history of sexuality. 3, The care of the self
Death and desire : the rhetoric of gender in the Apocalypse of John
Hedonic eating : how the pleasure of food affects our brains and behavior
Surrealism : desire unbound
Psychology of nutrition
Between desire and pleasure : a Deleuzian theory of sexuality
Fifty years after its publication in English, René Girard'sDeceit, Desire, and the Novel(1965) has never ceased to fascinate, challenge, inspire, and sometimes irritate, literary scholars. It has become one of the great classics of literary criticism, and the notion of triangular desire is now part of the theoretical parlance among critics and students. It also represents the genetic starting point for what has become one of the most encompassing, challenging, and far-reaching theories conceived in the humanities in the last century: mimetic theory. This book provides a forum for new generations of scholars and critics to reassess, challenge, and expand the theoretical and hermeneutical reach of key issues brought forward by Girard's book, including literary knowledge, realism and representation, imitation and the anxiety of influence, metaphysical desire, deviated transcendence, literature and religious experience, individualism and modernity, and death and resurrection. It also provides a more extensive and detailed historical understanding of the representation of desire, imitation, and rivalry within European and world literature, from Dante to Proust and from Dickens to Jonathan Littell.
Appetite control the role of food composition and structure
Heaven and the flesh : imagery of desire from the Renaissance to the Rococo
The fundamentals of ethics
Violence, desire, and the sacred. Volume 2, René Girard and sacrifice in life, love, and literature
Belief & desire : the standard model of intentional action - critique and defence
Knowledge, reason, and taste : Kant's response to Hume
Appetite control : the role of food composition and structure
A theater of envy : William Shakespeare
The seminar of Jacques Lacan. Book 7, The ethics of psychoanalysis 1959-1960
The ability of adolescent girls to exert control over sexually-charged situations : a narrative study for the promotion of sexual health
Sisters and lovers : women and desire in Bali
Descartes and the passionate mind
Backsliding : understanding weakness of will
Freedom from passions in Augustine
"Do the reasons we have for acting as we do derive from our concerns and desires, or are there objective values in the world that we are rationally required to pursue and protect? Alan Goldman argues for the internalist or subjectivist view of practical reasons on the grounds that it is simpler, more unified, and more comprehensible than the rival objectivist position. He provides a naturalistic account of practical rationality in terms of coherence within sets of desires or motivational states, and between motivations, intentions, and actions." "Coherence is defined as the avoidance of self-defeat, the defeat of one's own deepest concerns. The demand for coherence underlies both practical and theoretical reason and derives from the natural aims of belief and action. In clarifying which desires create reasons, drawing on the literature of cognitive psychology, Goldman offers conceptual analyses of desires, emotions, and attitudes. Reasons are seen to derive ultimately from our deepest occurrent concerns. These concerns require no reasons themselves but provide reasons for many more superficial desires." "In defense of this theory, Goldman argues that rational agents need not be morally motivated or concerned for their narrow self-interest. Objective values would demand such concern. They would be independent of our desires but would provide reasons for us to pursue and protect them. They would require rational agents to be motivated by them. But, Goldman argues, we are not motivated in that way, and it makes no sense to demand that our informed and coherent desires be generally other than they are. We need not appeal to such objective values in order to explain how our lives can be good and meaningful."--BOOK JACKET.
Speaking desires can be dangerous : the poetics of the unconscious
"Desire is a central concept in Aristotle's ethical and psychological works, but he does not provide us with a systematic treatment of the notion itself. This book reconstructs the account of desire latent in his various scattered remarks on the subject and analyses its role in his moral psychology. Topics include: the range of states that Aristotle counts as desires (orexeis); objects of desire (orekta) and the relation between desires and envisaging prospects; desire and the good; Aristotle's three species of desire: epithumia (pleasure-based desire), thumos (retaliatory desire) and boulêsis (good-based desire - in a narrower notion of 'good' than that which connects desire more generally to the good); Aristotle's division of desires into rational and non-rational; Aristotle and some current views on desire; and the role of desire in Aristotle's moral psychology. The book will be of relevance to anyone interested in Aristotle's ethics or psychology"--
Language and desire : encoding sex, romance and intimacy
Deleuze and Guattari
The human good
This study develops a pluralistic quality of will theory of responsibility, motivated by our ambivalence to real life cases of marginal agency, such as those with clinical depression, scrupulosity, psychopathy, autism, intellectual disability, and more. Our ambivalent responses suggest that such agents are responsible in some ways but not others. A tripartite theory is developed to account for this fact of our ambivalence via exploration of the appropriateness conditions of three distinct categories of our pan-cultural emotional responsibility responses: attributability, answerability, and accountability.
Lacanian ethics and the assumption of subjectivity
The world, the flesh and the subject : continental themes in philosophy of mind and body
The strategy of desire
Willingness to pay for  online physician services
Dancing for dollars and paying for love : the relationships between exotic dancers and their regulars
Broad in scope, Hedonic Eating: How the Pleasure of Food Affects our Brains and Behaviorexplores various behavioral, biological and social rewards of food.
Producing desire : changing sexual discourse in the Ottoman Middle East, 1500-1900
Angels A to Z
Making work pay : taxation, benefits, employment and unemployment
Obesity : its pathogenesis and management
Living, loving, and loss : the interplay of intimacy, sexuality, and grief
Who am I? : the 16 basic desires that motivate our behavior and define our personality
Immanuel Kant famously said that he was awoken from his 'dogmatic slumbers,' and led to question the possibility of metaphysics, by David Hume's doubts about causation. Because of this, many philosophers have viewed Hume's influence on Kant as limited to metaphysics. More recently, some philosophers have questioned whether even Kant's metaphysics was really motivated by Hume. In "Knowledge, Reason, and Taste", renowned Kant scholar Paul Guyer challenges both of these views. He argues that Kant's entire philosophy - including his moral philosophy, aesthetics, and teleology, as well as his metaphysics - can fruitfully be read as an engagement with Hume.In this book, the first to describe and assess Hume's influence throughout Kant's philosophy, Guyer shows where Kant agrees or disagrees with Hume, and where Kant does or doesn't appear to resolve Hume's doubts. In doing so, Guyer examines the progress both Kant and Hume made on enduring questions about causes, objects, selves, taste, moral principles and motivations, and purpose and design in nature. Finally, Guyer looks at questions Kant and Hume left open to their successors.
Responsibility from the margins
Read my desire : Lacan against the historicists
Ethics in the conflicts of modernity : an essay on desire, practical reasoning, and narrative
Originating at the 2011 conference of the International Academy of Practical Theology in the iconic city of Amsterdam, this volume explores the practical theological significance of desire. Although desire is central to many issues in practical theology and related disciplines, it is only rarely discussed under its own name. Three introductory chapters locate desire in concrete practices in the city and discuss the phenomenology, theology, and ethics of desire. Subsequent sections are organized around embodying desire, culturing desire, and transforming desire. The chapters include various kinds of desire, including sexuality, consumerism, and spirituality. Perspectives from different contexts and religious traditions are offered in this rich and thought-provoking book.
Eating, loving and dying : a psychology of appetites
The Kingfisher football encyclopedia
How to fall in love
A multiform desire : a study of appetite in Platos Timaeus, Republic and Phaedrus
Addiction and self-control : perspectives from philosophy, psychology, and neuroscience
"This essay is divided into five chapters. In the first the questions initially posed about our desires and how we should think about them are questions that plain non philosophical persons often find themselves asking. When however they carry their attempt to answer these questions a little further, they find that they have, perhaps inadvertently, become philosophers, and that they need some at least of the conceptual and argumentative resources which professional philosophers provide. So their enquiry, like this one, becomes philosophical. But philosophy in our culture has become an almost exclusively specialized academic discipline whose practitioners for the most part address only each other rather than the educated lay person. Moreover those same practitioners have for the last fifty years been harassed by the academic system into publishing more and more as a condition for academic survival, so that on most topics of philosophical interest there is by now an increasingly large, an often unmanageable large body of literature that has to be read as a prologue before adding to it one more item. Readers should be warned that my references to this literature are selective and few. Had I conscientiously attempted not only to find my way through all the relevant published writing in the philosophy of mind and in ethics, but then also explained how I had come to terms with the claims advanced by its authors, I would have had to write at impossible length and in a format that would have made this essay inaccessible to the lay reader for whom it is written"--
Death, desire and loss in Western culture
Carnal pleasures : desire, public space and contemporary art / Anna Novakov, editor
Ecology of everyday life : rethinking the desire for nature
