http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4197 pasta
pasta
Pasta and noodles : a global history
The art of spaghetti cookery
The cook's encyclopedia of pasta
The visual food encyclopedia
The microwave Italian cookbook
Pasta : a comprehensive guide to fresh and dried pasta with over 350 inspirational recipes
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
Sunday suppers : informal American home cooking
Noodles and pasta
James McNair's pasta cookbook
Food. Volume 2, material aspects of food
Let's cook pasta : how to make it, cook it, serve it and eat it
Pasta : over 70 quick and easy recipes
Noodle : aromatic recipes with an Eastern influence
Pasta dishes
The best pasta sauces : favourite regional Italian recipes
The joy of pasta
Bistro Laurent Tourondel : new American bistro cooking
Vegetarian cooking for you
A great American cook : recipes from the home kitchen of one of our most influential chefs
Essential Pepin : more than 700 all-time favorites from my life in food
The top one hundred pasta sauces
Engineering aspects of cereal and cereal-based products
Pasta : the story of a universal food
Mediterranean cookbook : fresh, fast and easy recipes
Les petits macarons : colorful French confections to make at home
The taste of pasta
Becca Watson's perfect pasta
Complete Italian cooking
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
"For the first time ever, the legendary chef collects and updates the best recipes from his six-decade career. With a searchable DVD demonstrating every technique a cook will ever need. In his more than sixty years as a chef, Jacques Pepin has earned a reputation as a champion of simplicity. His recipes are classics. They find the shortest, surest route to flavor, avoiding complicated techniques. Now, in a book that celebrates his life in food, the world's most famous cooking teacher winnows his favorite recipes from the thousands he has created, streamlining them even further. They include Onion Soup Lyonnaise-Style, which Jacques enjoyed as a young chef while bar-crawling in Paris; Linguine with Clam Sauce and Vegetables, a frequent dinner chez Jacques; Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter, which he makes indoors in winter and outdoors in summer; Five-Peppercorn Steak, his spin on a bistro classic; Meme's Apple Tart, which his mother made every day in her Lyon restaurant; and Warm Chocolate Fondue Souffle, part cake, part pudding, part souffle, and pure bliss. Essential Pepin spans the many styles of Jacques's cooking: homey country French, haute cuisine, fast food Jacques-style, and fresh contemporary American dishes. Many of the recipes are globally inspired, from Mexico, across Europe, or the Far East. In the accompanying searchable DVD, Jacques shines as a teacher, as he demonstrates all the techniques a cook needs to know. This truly is the essential Pepin. "--
Good housekeeping cookery club. Pasta
All about pasta & noodles
Fresh ways with pasta
Meatless main dishes
Pasta and extrusion cooked foods : some technological and nutritional aspects : proceedings of an international symposium held in Milan, Italy, 25-26 March 1985
Perfect pasta
The quick after-work pasta cookbook
How to cook the perfect..
Essentials of food science
Basic cooking
Sofra cookbook : modern Turkish and Middle-Eastern cookery
The fair lady cookbook
The Chef's Art : secrets of four-star cooking at home
The complete book of Italian cooking
The art of French cooking
Wagamama : way of the noodle
Carluccio's complete Italian food
The complete book of pasta and noodles
Making artisan pasta : how to make a world of handmade noodles, stuffed pasta, dumplings, and more
The essential pasta cookbook
Pasta sauces : over 200 of the best recipes
Slurp! : a social and culinary history of ramen, Japan's favorite noodle soup
The best pasta sauces : favorite regional Italian recipes
