http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4195 planners and designers
planners and designers designers planners
Charles E Nicholson and his yachts
Sustainable fashion and textiles : design journeys
Monster in my closet
Seymour Chwast
Book Moda Prêt-à-Porter Catwalks. 2013
Champagne supernovas : Kate Moss, Marc Jacobs, Alexander McQueen, and the '90s renegades who remade fashion
Kem Weber : designer and architect
Terence Conran : the authorized biography
William Morris
Screen printing design : an exlusive collection of contemporary silkscreened graphics
Preston Tucker & Others : tales of brilliant automotive innovators & innovations
Vitrine : a collection of essays on the history of book cover design in Iran & a selection of 35 years of contemporary Iranian book cover designs (1978 - 2013)
From idea to business : case: Grape Station Ay
Showcase of interior designTM
Kyle Cooper : monographics
Sagmeister : made you look : another self-indulgent design monograph (practically everything we have ever designed including the bad stuff)
Tetris : the games people play
Jan Tschichold : master typographer
The essential tension of creativity and rationale in software design
Contemporary bead & wire jewelry
Star graphic designers
Lamps and lighting
Concept design : works from seven Los Angeles entertainment designers
Atlas of graphic designers
Spatial design interventions : co-design approaches in spatial design practices
Perspective : from basic to creative
Jonathan Ive : designer of the iPod
The story of emoji
The knitwear designer and new knitting technology
Swiss furniture and interiors in the 20th century
ACCA. Paper P3, Business analysis. Practice and revision kit
Fairies in my fireplace
Eco-effective fashion theory : how to implement the Cradle to Cradle® concept into fashion and clothing design?: the designer's professional, economic, social and enviromental role
Summary
Rocket development : liquid-fuel rocket research 1929-1941
Omnibook. 6, graphic & multimedia designers
The ultimate graphic element collection
Motion blur: : onedotzero: graphic moving imagemakers
Area 2 : 100 graphic designers, 10 curators, 10 design classics
Scapre e Piedi Famosi = Shoes and Famous Feet : Dall`autobiografia di Salvatore Ferragamo = From the autobiography of Salvadore Ferragamo
Unscrambling the "average user" of Habbo Hotel
25 dresses : iconic moments in twentieth century fashion
Sparkman & Stephens : classic modern yachts
Design : the 50 most influential designers in the world
Hazard analysis techniques for system safety
100 habits of successful graphic designers : insider secrets on working smart and staying creative
Terence Conran's DIY by design
The art of Penguins of Madagascar
The Illustrated History of Automobiles
Think in colour : Hugo Puttaert : Visionandfactory
On the edge of flight : a lifetime in the development and engineering of aircraft
Tilaa lapselle = Space for the child
Ownership effect in concept selection
ACCA. Paper P3, Business analysis. Study text
Graphic designer-client relationships - case study
Creative workshop : 80 challenges to sharpen your design skills
Greta Magnusson Grossman : a car and some shorts : one architect's journey from Sweden to Southern California
Marc Davis : Walt Disney's renaissance man
Building systems for interior designers
Fashion brands : branding style from Armani to Zara
Capture Your Style : Transform Your Instagram Images, Showcase Your Life, and Build the Ultimate Platform
Henry Bumstead and the world of Hollywood art direction
Taken by Storm : the album art of Storm Thorgerson : a retrospective
Becoming a digital designer : a guide to careers in web, video, broadcast, game and animation design
Thonet : classic furniture in bent wood and tubular steel
Sourcebook of modern furniture
Selected biographies of Marimekko designers
Julie Taymor : playing with fire : theater, opera, film
Font family : get familiar with fonts!
Reinventing lettering : inspirational pieces by contemporary practitioners
Less but better : towards sustainability in the fashion
This book is full of advice and guidance on how to take on the management of BAs, written from many perspectives. Here you will read about how BAs manage themselves and how they might manage other BAs. You will also encounter information on how Project Managers (PMs) can best make use of the BAs on their teams and on how Senior Management can adapt corporate processes to take advantage of the skills that BAs bring to the table. How will off-shoring affect the use of BAs? How do they fit into the corporate organization charts? What kind of specialized training will they require? This book can help with these questions, and provide expert-level guidance from people who have been there and done that. Here are just some of the subjects addressed in this book: • How do PMs manage BAs? • How do BAs manage BAs? • How do BAs manage when they find themselves responsible for projects? • How do functional or line managers manage BAs? • How should we train our BAs? • What does the career ladder for BAs look like? • How should BAs be organized in my company? • How do I persuade my senior management that BAs bring great value? This book is a collaborative effort, consisting of the views and contributions of a wide variety of experts in the BA arena. The contributing authors include two Vice-Presidents of the IIBA®, the Presidents of training and consulting companies, well-known international authors, working BA Managers, Trainers, Project Managers, and a number of international contributors. This group’s wide range of backgrounds and subject matter expertise provide a perfect blend of theory and real-world experience, and this book should become an excellent resource for you as you manage your way through the world of business analysis.
Design funny : a graphic designer's guide to humor
Spacecraft designer : The story of Sergei Korolev
Young graphic designers Americas
Rookledge's international handbook of type designers : a biographical directory
Ruedi Baur..., intégral..., and partners
Becoming a graphic designer : a guide to careers in design
Grace Kelly Style
Good: an introduction to ethics in graphic design
Gene Summers : art/architecture
Experimental pattern sourcebook : 300 inspired designs from around the world
Art directors' index to illustrators no. 18.
The golden age of handbuilt bicycles : [craftsmanship, elegance and function] /text: Jan Heine ; photography: Jean-Pierre Pradères
1000 works of 100 young designers : 100 x 10 graphic designer
The layout look book
Abstract.
Robin & Lucienne Day : pioneers of contemporary design
Christopher Dresser, 1834-1904
Scarpe e piedi famosi : dall'autobiografia di Salvatore Ferragamo = Shoes and famous feet : from the autobiography of Salvatore Ferragamo
The craft and the makers : tradition with attitude
Furniture for the 21st Century
Twentieth century type designers
David Carson:2nd sight : grafik design after the end of print
The fashion book
Configuring user-designer relations : interdisciplinary perspectives
Type design : radical innovations and experimentation
The main idea for this Bachelor's thesis was to produce a manual for MARS material reservation system for Elomatic Marine Engineering. The main objective was to prepare a simple and extensive manual for beginning designers. This thesis work was based on methods and feedback during the designing of the Oasis class cruisers. The beginning of the thesis contains the basics and content of the MARS system. Selected examples and main functions of the MARS system will be presented as guidance. Moreover, different MARS screens that designers were using are explained step by step. The thesis contains also the integration of the Nupas-Cadmatic ship design software and the MARS system. It is also studied what kind of operations designers made during the Oasis project.  In this thesis it was discovered that the examples were practical and made the usage of the MARS system easier.
Approaches to planning : introducing current planning theories, concepts, and issues
Graphic design visionaries
Summary.
The education of a typographer
Fashion, media, promotion : the new black magic
Logolounge. 6 : 2,000 international identities by leading designers
Becoming designers : education & influence
Nineteenth-century fashion in detail
El Lissitzky : beyond the abstract cabinet : photography, design, collaboration
Content-based design engineering thinking : in the search for approach
Jean-Michel Frank
Mustang designer : Edgar Schmued and the P-51
Nanny Still : 45 years of design = 45 ans de design
Fashion : a very short introduction
Understanding the construction business and companies in the new millennium
Graphic designer
Contemporary designers' own gardens
Knitted thought : textile furniture
Edward Bawden scrapbooks
The glory of gardens : 2000 years of writings on garden design
SO1O - 2UO - 3RIO : small studios, great impact
Matthew Hilton : furniture for our time
Tibor Kalman : design and undesign
Grimm : the illustrated fairy tales of the brothers Grimm
Planners and local politics
D&AD09 : the best advertising and design in the world
Sonic the Hedgehog
Typorama : the graphic work of Philippe Apeloig
Edwardian country life : the story of H. Avray Tipping
Young European graphic designers
Great Yachts and their Designers
Uses of innovation : wristcare in the practices of engineers and elderly
New masters of poster design : poster design for the next century
ART OF THE AMERICAN AUTOMOBILE : THE GREATEST STYLISTS AND THEIR WORK
Classic typefaces : American type and type designers
The left-handed designer
1000 x landscape architecture
Florence Broadhurst : her secret & extraordinary lives
Asian creatives
Time management for architects and designers : challenges and remedies
Young Asian graphic designers
Who's who in graphic art : an illustrated book of reference to the world's leadiang graphic designers, illustrators, typographers and cartoonists = a répertoire illustré des artistes graphiques et typographiques, illustrateurs et caricaturistes contemporains de classe internationale = eine illustrierte Weltübersicht führender zeitgenössischer Graphiker, Designer, Typographer, Illustratoren und Karikaturisten
Modern Furniture Classics
The dilemma
For the love of shoes
Antique and twentieth century jewellery : a guide for collectors
Photography for designers
Starting up design business : how to market successfully?
Designers' compact shops in Japan : a selection of 100 projects
Graphic design for the 21st century = : Grafikdesign im 21. Jahrhundert = Le design graphique au 21e siecle : 100 of the world's best graphic designers
