http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4193 working life relations
working life relations
International and comparative employment relations : a study of industrialised market economies
The state, industrial relations and the labour movement in Latin America. Vol. 1
Social problems in labor relations : a case book
Collective bargaining in industrialised market economies : a reappraisal
The changing law of the employment relationship : comparative analyses in the European context
Working-life research in Finland
A handbook of human resource management practice
Career networking : How to develop the right contacts to help you througout your working life
The employer and the employee : Islamic concept
Stress at work : stress management
The careerist : over 100 ways to get ahead at work
Work and non-work in the 90s : economic, social and human dimensions
International business : the new realities
The state & labor in modern America
Labor relations
Gender and family among transnational professionals
International labor and working class history
Labour relations in Finland
Conflict at work : a materialist analysis of workplace relations
Employment relations : the psychology of influence and control at work
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
Sexuality at work : (how does it affect you?)
Research handbook on the future of work and employment relations
Human resource management in the hospitality and tourism industry
The new industrial relations? : based on the ED/ESRC/PSI/ACAS surveys
The management of labor relations
Flirting with disaster
Employee participation in Western European countries
Employment relations in industrial society
Developments in Finnish labour relations winter 1989
Employment relationship : a comparative overview
Union policies and industrial management
The New industrial relations
The search for consensus : the role of institutional dialogue between government, labour and employers : the experience of five countries
Unions of their own choosing : an account of the national labor relations board and it's work
Industrial relations and labour legislation in Finland
Labour law and industrial relations in France
Labour relations on plantations in relations to productivity improvements : Committee on Work on Plantations, tenth session, Geneva 1994
The Nordic model for industrial relations and the European Union
Class conflict and the industrial relations crisis compromise and corporatism in the policies of the British state
Bibliography on major aspects of the humanisation of work and the quality of working life
The nature of work : an introduction to debates on the labour process
The transformation of Nordic industrial relations
Sugar and spice
Employee relations
Summary and suggested points for discussion (s. 64-65).
Labour market policy in the '90s
Labor relations in the Netherlands
Economic sociology of work
Labor relations in Norway
Professional communicative repertoires and trajectories of socialization into global working life
The actors of collective bargaining : a world report : XVII World Congress of labour law and social security, Montevideo, September 2003
Social psychology of the work organization
An introduction to industrial relations
Essential elements of human resource management
Human relations for career and personal success
New patterns of work reform : the case of Norway
Human rescoures and the firm in international perspective
Securing prosperity : the American labor market : how it has changed and what to do about it
Soviet trade unions and labor relations
Industrial relations systems
Appraising performance for results
Summary (s. 29-31).
Training for the new competition : applications of critical theory to industrial relations training in Kenya and Nigeria
New technology and industrial relations
Retail therapy : making strategic relationships work
The development of the labour process in capitalist societies : a comparative study of the transformation of work organization in Britain, Japan and the USA
Mastering the art of creative collaboration
The system of industrial relations in Great Britain : its history, law and institutions
Industrial and labour relations in Great Britain
Markets, firms, and the management of labour in modern Britain
IIRA 4th European Regional Congress, Helsinki, Finland, 24-26 August. Plenary 4, Transformation of the industrial relations in Central and Eastern Europe
Chinese workers in comparative perspective
Employees' understanding of corporate responsibility and Kesko's CSR principles
Working order : workplace industrial relations over two decades
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
The seven-day weekend : finding the work/life balance
Terms of industrial peace
Justice in the workplace : approaching fairness in human resource management
Work in the world : a teachers' guide to work issues
This book focuses on the language of proofs, argument and rhetoric in educational research. It also explores the language of particular debates significant to the wider educational context, such as the language of goals, parenting, and citizenship.
Tripartite meeting on the Social Effects of Structural Change in Banking, Geneva, 23 November-1 December 1993 : final report
Industrial sociology and economic crisis
Working in Finland : information for immigrants
Social effects of structural change in banking : Tripartite Meeting on the Social Effects of Structural Change in Banking, Geneva, 1993
Young women in Japan : transitions to adulthood
Industrial disputes : essays in the sociology of industrial relations
IIRA 4th European Regional Congress, Helsinki, Finland, 24-26 August 1994. [6], Abstracts
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
Democracy at work : changing world markets and the future of labor unions
Industrial and labour relations in Finland
Introduction to labor economics
Industrial relations : an international and comparative bibliography
Potentials of the American economy : selected essays
Personnel and human resource management
IIRA 4th European Regional Congress, Helsinki, Finland, 24-26 August. Plenary 5, The competitive advantages of European, American and Japanese industrial relations
The origins & evolution of the field of industrial relations in the United States
New challenges for European human resource management
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Me before you
Industrial relations in the new Europe
Industrial relations : a Marxist introduction
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
Management of change and the JOY-Project in Finland
Labor and industrial relations : a general analysis
Research in industrial human relations : a critical approach
Searching for a new system in industrial relations : proceedings of the 30th Anniversary International Symposium, Tokyo Japan 1988.
Industrial peace in our time
Why good girls don't get ahead..but cutsy girls do : nine secrets every career woman must know
Management and unions : The theory and reform of industrial relations
International labor standards : a strategic issues brief
Stress has been experienced since ancient times, but it has never been worse than it is here in the early 21st century. Nowadays stress is responsible for more than fifty percent of all illness. Despite this fact, the phenomenon of stress still hasn't been that deeply studied.  Contemporary society has to deal with the relatively new concept of -workplace stress more and more often. In order to answer the questions as to: -Why? and -What to do? the problem of stress should be looked at in depth at individual workplaces. Only after this is done an appropriate and specific stress management programme can be created. The purpose of this present study is to determine the main reasons for and consequences of stress at work, and to find the most effective ways of preventing it and coping with it. The research also analyzes the overall current situation of stress at work and takes a look at some historical facts related to the origins of stress. People from different age groups, working spheres and cultures were invited for the interview during the year 2009, in order to get more information and practical examples from real life situations.  Since there wasn't really any specific research found on this topic, my study will be potentially quite useful to companies, especially in the success of their overall development. This research can be also presented to students in order to prepare them for the challenging working life which awaits them.
Industrial relations in Europe : traditions and transitions
The broad field of employment relations is diverse and complex and is under constant development and reinvention. This handbook, written by international scholars, discusses fundamental theories and approaches to work and employment relations, and their connection to broader political and societal changes.
Industrial relations in Saint Petersburg : the structure and dynamics of working life and the economy in Saint Petersburg
