http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4192 labour (workforce)
labour (workforce)
On staffing : advice and perspectives from HR leaders
The rise of the robots : technology and the threat of a jobless future
Effort regulation in a hierarchical firm : a case for bad jobs
Labor migration in the Atlantic economies : the European and North American working classes during the period of industrialization
Growth and profitability of logging and transportation in wood procurement companies in Finland : what strategies and entrepreneurs are needed for profitable growth?
Labor issues in Korea 2012
Matching heterogeneous job seekers and vacancies : empirical studies using Finnish data
The Baltic Sea region 2014 : ten policy-oriented articles from scholars of the University of Turku
Educating the global workforce : knowledge, knowledge work and knowledge workers
Labour Force Participation and the Likelihood of Abortion in Finland over Three Birth Cohorts
"Today's hospitality professional must be an expert at managing many functions. In every segment of the hospitality industry, recruiting, selecting, orienting, training, and retaining outstanding staff members are always challenging tasks, but every manager must master them. Hospitality managers now need to be familiar with rising labor costs, increasing competition for quality staff, changing employees' attitudes, evolving guest expectations and a proliferation of new laws that impact human resources policies and activities. "--
Labour force statistics
Agricultural training and manpower development within ASSP 1979-1988 : GRZ/SIDA evaluation mission, June 1989
Quality and price of labour
Integration of foreign employees in German companies
The relationship between skilled labor and technical change
What new tools and models are enriching labor economics? "Developments in Research Methods and their Application" (volume 4A) summarizes recent advances in the ways economists study wages, employment, and labor markets. Mixing conceptual models and empirical work, contributors cover subjects as diverse as field and laboratory experiments, program evaluation, and behavioral models. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title investigates recent advances in methods and models used in labor economics. It demonstrates what these new tools and techniques can accomplish. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
International Graduates Journey to Finnish Job Market : The Challenges International Graduates Face In Finnish Job Market
Technology shocks and employment in open economies
The article examines the reproduction of labor potential in the Republic of Karelia. Particular attention in the research is given to the effects of the main types of social and labor mobility (territorial, educational, professional and medical). The article stems from theoretical explorations of this subject by Russian researchers and the results of an economic and sociological survey of the working-age population of the Karelia region. It was conducted with the participation of the author in 2012 in the three municipalities of the Republic of Karelia. The research surveyed 450 respondents. The survey and statistical analysis of demographic data helped to establish the information base, which allowed performing a quantitative and qualitative assessment of the reproduction of labor potential while evaluating the impact of social and labor mobility..
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
The effectiveness of 12 months' intensive shoulder strength training on disability, health-related quality of life and shoulder function after rotator cuff repair
Employment and manpower policy measures in Finland : inventory 1979-1981
Labour force statistics. 1978-1998
American jobs and the changing industrial base
Sector-specific labour cost developments from the perspective of the industrial sector's cost structure
Professionals as workers : mental labor in advanced capitalism
Pension Systems and Labour Mobility : Portability of Pensions in EU
Finnish trade unions and immigrant labor
Economic Growth Rate May Be High in Spite of a Decreasing Working-age Population in Finland
English summary.
Migration in Baltic Sea area : the case of Estonia as a sending country
Structural change, wage formation and economic growth in low-income countries
Willing migrants : Soninke labor diasporas, 1848-1960
Training needs : assessment and monitoring
Building principles of equality in the Finnish temporary agency work sector  : How can the Finnish temporary agency work policies be developed to encourage fair and equal treatment of temporary agency employees?
From internal market regulation to European labour law
The arcane of reproduction : housework, prostitution, labor and capital
Occupational safety and health in forestry operations
Impact of micro hydropower (MHP) based electrification on rural livelihoods : case study Nam Mong in Luang Prabang province, Lao PDR
Viewed in the light of Finland's employment and unemployment figures, the labour market impact of the weak economic performance of recent years would appear so far to be less than feared. These aggregate-level figures do not, however, reveal anything about changes between sectors or worker flows. The present article explores the labour market's internal dynamics and worker flows. Our aim is to take an overview of the dynamics of the Finnish labour market that lie behind the typically reported aggregate figures. We also use worker flows to explain observed changes in unemployment. In addition to this, the article presents the results achieved when probit analysis is used to study labour market flows..
Since the financial crisis, the population structure and age structure of the Finnish labour force have changed as the baby boomer cohorts retire. As well as capital formation and productivity, labour input constitutes one of the pillars of economic growth, meaning that the contraction of the working-age population directly cuts the growth rate of potential output. What is the scale of this problem? Further, how has the situation already been reflected on the Finnish labour market, and what implications will it have over the next five years?.
Studies on the determinants of migration and the spatial concentration of labour
Escape routes : control and subversion in the twenty-first century
Occupations and society : toward a sociology of the labor market
British Columbia Community Employment Depencies : final report
Essays on economic integration and labour demand
This book focuses on the language of proofs, argument and rhetoric in educational research. It also explores the language of particular debates significant to the wider educational context, such as the language of goals, parenting, and citizenship.
The UK voluntary sector almanac 2006
New approaches to manpower planning and analysis
Supply and demand of labour force in Finland : challenges in terms of achieving "full employment" in alla parts of the country
The brain drain : emigration and return : findings of a UNITAR multinational comparative survey of professional personnel of developing countries who study abroad
Temporary employment businesses : general problems ; specific problems relating to legal or illegal hiring out of workers across borders
Human resources management in the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
Wages policy : wages, non-wage labour costs and their relation to employment under conditions of structural adjustment
Manpower and social policy in the Netherlands
Gender and family among transnational professionals
The economic map of urban Europe : a comparative study of 45 European metropolises
This article deals with the positive and negative consequences of foreign labour migration in Russia. The authors emphasize that Russia is not a homogeneous country. The socio-economic implications for regions differ. This study has found foreign labour migration to be a complicated socio-economic phenomenon, which has a dual effect on the labor market in Russia: on the one hand it is filling the gap in the labour force caused by the demographic crisis; on the other hand it increases the tension on the labour market because of migrants.
Work in America : an encyclopedia of history, policy, and society. Volume 1, A-M
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Quarterly labour force statistics
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4B
Skills and skilled work : an economic and social analysis
The labor sector
Job security provisions, wage setting and unemployment persistence
The barometer of industry's qualification needs 2/98
The usefulness of foresight data for future planning
Oil extraction in extreme remoteness : the organization of work and long-distance commuting in Russia’s northern resource peripheries
The restaurant revolution : growth, change and strategy in the international foodservice industry 1995-2000
NGOs and the implementation of active labour market policies : the case of Finland and Sweden
Empirical methods for the study of labor force dynamics
Essays on household time allocation decisions in a collective household model
Managing an age diverse workforce
Foreigners and employment in the Pirkanmaa region : an assessment on tutoring provided by TAMK BBA programme
Labour migrations in the Balkans
U.S. agriculture and foreign workers : an annotated bibliography
Forestry workers : an international survey
Employment effects of reducing labour costs : considering potential bias in macro-estimates of the elasticity of labour demand
Facilitating orientation : An Orientation Guide for Foreign Nurses Coming to Work in Nurmikoti Nursing Home
English abstract.
The declining percentage of the working-age people
Labour force statistics. 1973-1993
The effects of residential mobility of dual career families to the employment stability and job access
Abstract: This article examines the interconnectedness of geographical and social mobility using the empirical case of young, highly educated Russian women's migration to Finland. My qualitative interview data shows that an insecure migrant status channels young migrant women to a precarious gendered path from au pairing to studying and working in a low-skilled sector in order to continue residence in Finland. The stories of highly educated migrant women doing domestic and low-skilled work show how geographical mobility is achieved at the cost of descending social status. The empirical discussion demonstrates that “subjects on the move” celebrated by the new mobility paradigm are, in fact, unequally mobile, and achieve mobility at a high social cost, including social downgrading and deskilling. Furthermore, structural vulnerabilities in terms of insecure migrant status create dependence on employers and produce opportunities for the exploitation of migrant labour.
The future of management : all roads lead to man
Singapore population in transition
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4A
The Workshop on Child Labour in Fisheries and Aquaculture was organized by Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) in cooperation with International Labour Organization (ILO) to generate inputs and guidance to the contents and process of developing guidance materials on policy and practice in tackling child labour in fisheries and aquaculture. In order to promote awareness on and effective implementation of the relevant UN and ILO conventions on the right of the child and child labour, workshop participants reviewed the nature, incidence and causes of child labour in fisheries, fish processing and aquaculture, examined the different forms and types of child labour in both large and small-scale and artisanal fishing operations, shellfish gathering, aquaculture, seafood processing, and work on board fishing vessels and fishing platforms, examined the health and safety hazards of fishing and aquaculture, including the use of hazardous technologies and relevant alternatives, and shared examples of good practice in the progressive elimination of child labour drawn from various sectors and regions. Child labour often reinforces a vicious cycle of poverty and has a negative impact on literacy rates and school attendance and limits children's mental and physical health and development. The workshop participants agreed on a series of recommendations relating to legal and enforcement measures, policy interventions and practical actions including risk assessments to address child labour issues in fisheries and aquaculture. FAO and ILO were called upon for priority actions to assist governments in withdrawing trafficked children and to effectively prohibit slavery and forced labour. Awareness raising among all stakeholders and the preparation of guidance materials were also prioritized by workshop participants. Gender issues needed to be considered in all actions and issues adequately addressed relating to discrimination and exclusion of fishing communities, castes, tribal and indigenous peoples, and ethnic minorities in fisheries and aquaculture.
Imperfect transmissions of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneusrship
Work in America : an encyclopedia of history, policy, and society. Volume 2, N-Z
Nepalese child labourers' life-contexts, cognitive skills and well-being
The use of labour in modern plants of engineering industry : some conclusions of the Finnish case-studies
Constructing quality : the classification of goods in markets
Economics of labor
Labour migrations : women on the move
Executive summary.
Macroeconomic effects of active labour market programmes : theoretical aspects and an econometric study
Background report prepared [for the Tripartite Technical Meeting on the Timber Industry] First, second, third and fourth item on the agenda
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Adapting to a Finnish workplace : case : occupational immigration of Chinese metal workers
The Experiences of Finnish companies about the Quality of Chinese Labor : Comparison between Chinese and Finnish work cultures
Essentials of economics
Doing business in 21st century India : how to profit today in tomorrow's most exciting market
Economics of wages and labour
Labour supply and population cohorts: impact of the business cycle on labour market attachment
Outsourcing of unionized firms and the impacts of labour market policy reforms
The Influence of Latvian Labor Emigration Abroad on Latvia's Competitiveness
Opportunities and challenges when using local workforce for foreign project work in Estonia
Työvoimatilasto = Arbetskraftsstatistik = Labour force statistics. 1999, työvoimatutkimuksen tuloksia vuosilta 1990-1999 = arbetskraftsundersökningens resultat för 1990-1999 = results of the labour force survey from the years 1990-1999
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Large worker flows in the Finnish economy
Food and beverage cost control : student workbook
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Fundamental principles of restaurant cost control
Freedom of movement of persons : a practitioner's handbook
Academic careers : proceedings of the Workshop on Academic careers at the University of Melbourne, March 1991
Services : statistics on value added and employment = Services : statistiques sur la valeur ajoutée et l'emploi
Reasons for internal migration in Estonia 1989-2000
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok 2011 = Yearbook of farm statistics 2011.
Statistics of the occupational and educational structure of the labour force in 53 countries = Statistiques relatives a la structure de la main-d'oeuvre par profession et par niveau d'education dans 53 pays
The human capital interpretation of wage determination
Educated people, migration and European integration
Models of manpower systems : the proceedings of a conference held at Oporto in September, 1969 under aegis of the NATO scientific affairs division
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of Finnish university physics
Research in labor economics
Prison labor and convict competition with free workers in industrializing America, 1840-1890
Transport investment in railways to generate knowledge transfer from interfirm worker mobility
(Im)mobile lives : young Russian women's narratives of work and citizenship insecurities in Finland
History and obstinacy
Human resource planning : the Asian experience
The academic profession : national, disciplinary, and institutional settings
Darbo jėga, užimtumas ir nedarbas 1997 : (darbo jėgos tyrimo rezultatai) = Labour force, employment and unemployment 1997.
Labour supply and demand in the Helsinki region
Tax arbitrage and labour supply
Economic integration and the elasticities of labour demand : econometric evidence fro Finland
Protecting migrant workers' human rights : a trade union view
Human resources management in the hospitality industry
From forced flexibility to forced labour : the exploitation of migrant workers in Finland
What factors affect the ways individuals participate in labor markets? "New Developments and Research on Labor Markets" (volume 4B) proposes answers to this and other questions on important topics of public policy. Leading labor economists demonstrate how better data and advanced experiments help them apply economic theory, yielding sharper analyses and conclusions. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models enable the authors of these chapters to reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title concentrates on empirical research in specific labor markets, including those defined by age, gender, and race. It reveals how questions and answers about these markets have changed and how models measure them. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
This multidisciplinary book develops an original framework for understanding skills, skilled work, and surrounding policies. It establishes the concept and measurement of skill, sets out a theoretical framework for skills analyses, and investigates the roles of employers, workers, and other social actors.
The low percentage of immigrant workers in the strong Finnish economy : an anomaly that challenges the main theories of migration?
What do people do all day? What did women and men do to make a living in early modern Europe, and what did their work mean? As this book shows, the meanings depended both on the worker and on the context. With an innovative analytic method that is yoked to a specially-built database of source materials, this book revises many received opinions about the history of gender and work in Europe. The applied verb-oriented method finds the 'work verbs' that appear incidentally in a wide variety of early modern sources and then analyzes the context in which they appear. By tying information technologies and computer-assisted analysis to the analytic powers - both quantitative and qualitative - of professional historians, the method gets much closer to a participatory observation of the micro-patterns of early modern life than was once believed possible. It directly addresses a number of broad problems often debated by historians of gender and early modern Europe. First, it discusses the problem of assessing more accurately the incidence, character and division of work. Second, it analyzes the configurations of work and human difference. Third, it deals with the extent to which work practices created notions of difference - gender difference but also other forms of difference - and, conversely, to what extent work practices contributed to notions of sameness and gender convergence. Finally, it studies the impact of processes of change. Drawing on sources from Sweden, the authors show the importance of multiple employment, the openness of early modern households, the significance of marriage and marital status, the gendered nature of specific tasks, and the ways in which state formation and commercialization were entangled in people's everyday lives.
How to build a great team
Discipline and governmentality at work : making the subject and subjectivity in modern tertiary labour
Labor and employment law in the United States
The quest for a federal manpower partnership
Finland and the international movement of people in changing Europe
E-Marketing in the Tourism Industry : Case TravelApp
Report of the FAO Workshop on Child Labour in Fisheries and Aquaculture in Cooperation with ILO : Rome, 14-16 April 2010.
International migration and the future of populations and labour force resources in Europe
Controlling Soviet labour : experimental change from Brezhnev to Gorbachev
Demand for schooled labor - a dynamic set-up
Economic integration and the elasticities of labour demand : econometric evidence from Finland
Children's work in the livestock sector : herding and beyond
This article examines the possibilities for the growth of real income in Finland in a situation where the population is aging at a record rate. In contrast to other European countries, no larger age groups were born in Finland after the 1940s. Therefore, the labor force will decrease in long run, even though an abundant amount of labor reserves still exist in Finland after the exceptionally deep economic depression experienced in the previous decade. Finlands real income has been calculated as the product of the labor input and productivity per hour worked. The rate of change in productivity has been estimated on the basis of the historical development of labor productivity. On the basis of an analysis of labor input and productivity per hour worked, the real income of Finland per capita could rise to one-and-a-half times what it is now in one decade and a half, even if the working-age population decreased markedly and even if the number of hours worked per employed person declined at the traditional rate. Increasing immigration is not the only solution to the challenges of an aging and diminishing working-age population. By employing domestic labor reserves and improving productivity, reasonable economic growth rate can be achieved and at the same time the problems caused by uncontrolled immigration can be avoided.  .
Working-life expectancy in Finland : trends and differentials 2000-2015 : a multistate regression approach
Talent : strategy, management, measurement
Job and worker flows in Sweden 1986-1995 : who gets the new jobs and who loses the old jobs?
Globalization, technology transfer, and skill accumulation in low-income countries
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Indigenous and tribal peoples and the ILO
Common interests : women organising in global electronics
Specific human capital - investment and wages
How to establish business in Japan : a guide to legal issues such as taxation, labor, and establishing technicalities
No zoo : ethnic civility and its cultural regulation among the staff of a Finnish high-tech company
Imperfect transmission of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurship
The small firm in the hotel and catering industry
Work in the global village : proceedings of the International Conference on Work in the 21st Century, 15-17 October 2001 Helsinki, Finland
Rural-urban labor migration and urban unemployment in Kenya
Food, population and employment in China
Comparison of the postwar and post-cold war generations of temporary foreign worker admissions
Treating worker dissatisfaction during economic change
Finland 2015: balanced development : Government report to Parliament on Finland's future prospects
Unemployment and early retirements of the aged workers in Finland
Human capital creation in an economic perspective : Nordic Seminar held in Helsinki 14-15 May, 1992 : seminaariesitelmiä - conference papers
The localization of federal manpower planning : ed. by Robert L. Aronson
Understanding employers’ perceptions of international graduates : an investigation of the employment prospects of Finnish-educated Chinese graduates in Finnish companies operating in China
Immigration strategy for Northern Ostrobothnia 2015
Essays on regional development and labor mobility in a knowledge-based economy
Labor and economic development
Mommies and daddies on the fast track : success of parents in demanding professions
The work of professional football : a labour of love?
North - South:  contrasts and connections in global tourism : 7th ATLAS International Conference -proceedings
Population, labour force and employment : concepts, trends and policy issues
Studies on the spatial concentration of human capital
Studies in labor market dynamics : proceedings of a Workshop on Labor Market Dynamics, held at Sandbjerg, Denmark, August 24-28, 1982
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
Circular migration between Guatemala and Canada : perspectives of migrant workers
Applying map and compass theory developed by Kirsi Kauko in Humanlink Finland Oy
The division of labor in society
Birds of passage : migrant labor and industrial societies
Unemployment : policy responses of Western democracies
Emotional labor in the service economy
Manpower planning in a free society
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Making a living, making a difference : gender and work in early modern European society
Microeconomics : principles and policy
Generation jobless? : turning the youth unemployment crisis into opportunity
Optimal redistributive taxation and provision of public input goods in an economy with outsourcing and unemployment : a note
Time bomb ticks in forecast for human resources shortage
International practice and policy trends in international labour immigration
Payroll taxes vs. wage taxes : non-equivalence results
Human resource management for events : managing the event workforce
Social security incentives, human capital investment and mobility of labor
Internal labor markets and manpower analysis
Union citizenship and free movement: who is who?
International labor migration in Europe
There is a lack of studies on the association between labour force participation and abortion. This study examined how the likelihood of having an abortion depends on being employed, unemployed, student or outside the workforce using Finnish register data from three birth cohorts (born in 1955-59, 1965-69 and 1975-79) of nearly 260,000 women. The results differed depending on whether all women or only pregnant women were studied and on the cohort analysed. Unemployed women had a high likelihood of abortion when all women were studied, but among pregnant women students had the highest likelihood. The direction and strength of the association varied by relationship status, age, and parity. The results show that the likelihood of abortion depends on women's economic position. More studies on contraceptive use and pregnancy intentions in Finland are needed to identify the mechanisms behind these findings.
Manpower availability : an industry problem
Moral economies of reproductive labour : an ethnography of migrant domestic and care labour in Naples, Italy
Wage setting, taxes and demand for labour : multivariate a nalysis of the cointegrating relations
Migration flows between Finland and the Baltic Sea region
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Labour costs in economic segments producing intermediate goods for the manufacturing sector have grown significantly faster in Finland than in competitor countries in 1999-2011. The relatively rapid pace of growth in labour costs has passed through into intermediate goods prices, which has contributed to weakening the competitiveness of the exports industry..
Workforce development for a knowledge economy : report of the international workshop, Seoul, 7-13 September 2005.
Jobs for Latina immigrants as domestic workers in the United States
Demographic change reduces labour force and number of employed
Migration in Russia : pros and cons
The Oxford handbook of work and aging
Modern Korean labor : a sourcebook
Paying the price : women and the politics of international economic strategy
Manpower in the tourist industry in Finland
Why is the public sector more labor-intensive? : a distortionary tax argument
Exploring migrant labour motivation in the Finnish labour market
Work demands and resources, stress regulation and quality of pedagogical work among professionals in Finnish early childhood education setting
Metsätilastollinen vuosikirja = Skogsstatistisk årsbok = Statistical yearbook of forestry. 1997
Imperfect transmission of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurahip
Reproduction of labor potential in the Republic of Karelia (Russia)
Globalization, wages, and the quality of jobs : five country studies
OECD reviews of labour market and social policies : Slovenia
Future work : seven critical forces reshaping work and the work force in North America
Trends in the information economy : [report]
Community labour force survey : a user's guide. 1988
An immigrant nurse is our colleague : how to develop the language and culture in multicultural nursing
Building workforce strength : creating value through workforce and career development
Report on Russian timber camps
