http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p420 romanesque style
romanesque style
HISTORY OF ART : A SURVEY OF THE MAJOR VISUAL
Medieval architecture, medieval learning : builders and masters in the age of romanesque and gothic
Russian architecture and the West
Medieval art : painting, sculpture, architecture : 4th-14th century
Shaping sacred space and institutional identity in Romanesque mural painting : essays in honour of Otto Demus
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing, and sculpture. 1, Origins of western art
Carolingian and Romanesque architecture 800 to 1200
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing and sculpture. Vol 1, Origins of western art
Building a new identity : the influence of H. H. Richardson on Finland's national romantic architecture
The sculpture of reform in north Italy, ca 1095-1130 : history and patronage of Romanesque façades
The origins of the romanesque : Near Eastern influences on European art 4th-12th centuries
Design and construction in Romanesque architecture : first Romanesque architecture and the pointed arch in Burgandy and Northern Italy
The early middle ages from late antiquity to A. D. 1000
Romanesque and Gothic
The origins of the Romanesque : Near Eastern influences on European art 4th-12th centuries
Pattern motifs : a sourcebook
Art of the middle ages
Queen as king : politics and architectural propaganda in twelfth-century Spain
Art in the Christian world 300-1500 : a handbook of styles and forms
Durham Cathedral
Essential architecture : the history of western architecture
Master masons
"A collection of essays examining Romanesque art and thought in the twelfth century. Issues of reception, innovation, nationalism, iconography, technology, dating, and geographic coverage are explored, as well as larger issues relating to Gothic and medieval art history"--Provided by publisher.
A companion to medieval art : Romanesque and Gothic in Northern Europe
Romanesque sculpture in American collections. 2, New York and New Jersey, middle and South Atlantic States, the Midwest, Western and Pacific States
Relics, prayer, and politics in medieval Venetia : romanesque painting in the crypt of Aquileia Cathedral
Romanesque and gothic France : architecture and sculpture
A world history of art
Simpson's history of architectural development. Vol. 2, Early christian, byzantine and romanesque architecture
Madonna of Korppoo
Early medieval Europe : the informal contained [i.e., the ideal of Rome and feudalism]
Focal point of the sacred space : the boundary between chancel and nave in Swedish rural churches : from Romanesque to Neo-Gothic
Cathedrals of Europe
Romansk träornamentik i Sverige = Decorative romanesque woodcarving in Sweden
Romanesque art and thought in the twelfth century : essays in honor of Walter Cahn
Medieval wooden sculpture in Sweden. 2, Romanesque and gothic sculpture
Archaeology and the pan-European romanesque
Castles of the western world
From archaeology to art history : some stages in the rediscovery of the Romanesque
Paintings on glass : studies in Romanesque and Gothic monumental art
Mediaeval : patterns of the Romanesque period
Meaning in western architecture
Romanesque goldsmiths' art in Hungary
The Cloisters : medieval art and architecture
Romanesque architecture : the first style of the European age
Romanesque architecture : design, meaning and metrology
Early medieval art : Carolingian - Ottonian - Romanesque
Romanesque painting : from the eleventh to the thirteenth century
Roman building : materials and techniques
History of world architecture. Romanesque architecture
The lion in Romanesque art, meaning or decoration?
Presents a chronological survey of Romanesque architecture and the political systems that gave rise to the style. This book includes an exploration of the gestation of the style in the ninth and tenth centuries and its survival in competition with the Gothic up to the fourteenth century.
Romanesque Ireland : architecture and ideology in the twelfth century
The art of the West : in the Middle Ages. 1, Romanesque art
Studies in Ottonian, Romanesque, and Gothic art
Sculpture. 4, The adventure of modern sculpture in the nineteenth  and twentieth centuries
The art of healing : painting for the sick and the sinner in a medieval town
Sculpture. 3, The great tradition of sculpture from the fifteenth century to the eighteenth century
Early christian, byzantine and romanesque architecture
Echoes of Egypt in 12th-century Bologna and 13th-century Rome
The architecture of Europe : the Middle Ages 650-1550 : vol. 2
Romanesque art : problems and monuments. Vol. 1
Gislebertus : sculptor of autun
