http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4206 home front
home front
Whisteling in the dark : a novel
Great songs of world war II
On a wing and a prayer
Nazi Germany at war
Hitler's home front : Württemberg under the Nazis
Valley of darkness : the Japanese people and World War Two
When war is declared, four plucky girls from Dartford - Grace, Sally, Rose and Daisy - are keen to do their bit on the Home Front. For orphan Grace, it's a chance to start afresh. She's always has a soft spot for Sam Petrie, brother of Daisy and Rose, but realising that he is in love with their friend Sally, she puts her own feelings aside, and signs up for life as a Land Girl. Mucking out and early morning milking come as a big shock and life is harder than she expected. But Grace is nothing if not determined and though their lives will never be the same again, the four girls know they will always have each other - no matter what the war throws at them.
"From a distance, Michael and Joleen Zarkades seem to have it all: a solid marriage, two exciting careers, and children they adore. But after twelve years together, the couple has lost their way; they are unhappy and edging toward divorce. Then the Iraq war starts. An unexpected deployment will tear their already fragile family apart, sending one of them deep into harm's way and leaving the other at home, waiting for news. When the worst happens, each must face their darkest fear and fight for the future of their family. An intimate look at the inner landscape of a disintegrating marriage and a dramatic exploration of the price of war on a single American family, HOME FRONT is a provocative and timely portrait of hope, honor, loss, forgiveness, and the elusive nature of love"--
The spirit of Dogberry : the 1940 diary of a provincial headmaster
Captain Corelli's mandolin
That Liverpool girl
Our war too : American women against the Axis
Which people's war? : national identity and citizenship in Britain, 1939-1945
The war
Berlin : the downfall 1945
The Guernsey literary and potato peel pie society
The Vietnam war left a gash in the heart of America that can still be felt today. The War Within is the definitive history of America's internal battle over that war, and it chronicles, as no other book has done, the full story of how a powerful grassroots force--the antiwar movement--changed the course of American history. Tom Wells spent over ten years painstakingly researching government and antiwar-movement documents and interviewing virtually every key player from the Vietnam era--from Dean Rusk, William Westmoreland, and John Ehrlichman to Dave Dellinger, Philip Berrigan, and Daniel Ellsberg. Wells moves from protests at the White House gates to antiwar meeting halls, recreating the activities of the student factions, religious organizations, political splinter groups, and other organizations that waged campaigns of mass protest, draft resistance, civil disobedience, and sometimes political violence. Here, too, are the behind-the-scenes planning sessions of Democratic and Republican administrations as they sought to discredit and subvert the antiwar movement's efforts. Wells demonstrates that Washington took the antiwar movement seriously at every stage of the war and that the movement was instrumental in the eventual withdrawal of U.S. forces from Southeast Asia. He also reveals how the movement's growing influence prompted the Watergate fiasco. And he graphically conveys the internecine conflicts that plagued the antiwar movement and its leaders. In these pages the human drama of the antiwar era unfolds through the words of its participants, both the famous and the forgotten. Wells not only captures the spirit of these tumultuous times but also shows how the events of twenty-five years ago shaped the America of today.
In a dry season : an inspector Banks mystery
A time to love and a time to die
Our girls : their work for the war
Nationalizing the Russian Empire : the campaign against enemy aliens during World War I
No ordinary time : Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt : the home front in World War II
Germany and the Second World War. vol. 9/1, German wartime society 1939-1945 : politicization, disintegration, and the struggle for survival
Model houses for model families : gender, ideology and the modern dwelling : the type-planned houses of the 1940s in Finland
Mrs Miles's diary : the wartime journal of a housewife on the home front
The care and management of lies
The night watch
The home front in Britain : images, myths and forgotten experiences 1914-2014
Humor, entertainment, and popular culture during World War I
Nazism 1919-1945. 4, The German home front in World War II : a documentary reader
The home front : U.S.A
Kotirintaman naiset. kausi 2 / ceated by Roland Moore
What effect did the two world wars have on the relations between women and men? Drawing on broad comparative material-from government policy to popular media, poetry and fiction, and personal letters-this book examines the redefinition of gender that occurred in many Western countries during both world wars. "A major addition to the literature on gender relations and war."-Helena Lewis, Women's Review of Books "One of the first, and certainly the most exciting, treatments of war as an event of gender politics."-Choice "A substantial contribution to the social history of this century."-Anne Summers, Times Literary Supplement "These essays powerfully demonstrate how much the world wars provided battlegrounds not only for nations but for the sexes."-Michael S. Sherry, Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science "A work of lively, engaged scholarship.... This is an important contribution to current debates about war and human identity, war and political reality, war and transformative possibility."-Jean Bethke Elshtain « Vähemmän
A dangerous age : a novel
A war of a different kind : military force and America's search for homeland security
Foylen sota box 3
Living on the home front
The Soviet home front, 1941-1945 : a social and economic history of the USSR in World War II
Families, separation and emotional coping in war bridging letters between home and front, 1941-44
Small island
"Long ignored by scholars in the humanities, sound has just begun to take its place as an important object of study in the last few years. Since the late 19th century, there has been a paradigmatic shift in auditory cultures and practices in European societies. This change was brought about by modern phenomena such as urbanization, industrialization and mechanization, the rise of modern sciences, and of course the emergence of new sound recording and transmission media. This book contributes to our understanding of modern European history through the lens of sound by examining diverse subjects such as performed and recorded music, auditory technologies like the telephone and stethoscope, and the ambient noise of the city"--Provided by publisher.
Wartime : Britain, 1939-1945
Beyond the home front : women's autobiographical writing of the two World War
The undertaking
Working for victory? : images of women in the first world war, 1914-18
Sounds of modern history : auditory cultures in 19th- and 20th- century Europe
Nightingales at war
Home front
Home front U.S.A. : America during World War II
Five children on the Western Front
Behind the lines : gender and the two World Wars
Lights out Liverpool
A horse called Hero
Corelli`s Mandolin
Colour of war. The British story
The home front
Goodbye, Piccadilly : war at home, 1914
The American Revolution
The war within : America's battle over Vietnam
The many not the few : the stolen history of the Battle of Britain
Five dead canaries
Finland in World War II : history, memory, interpretations
Home front : a novel
Secrets of the singer girls
Model houses for model families : gender,ideology and the modern dwelling : the type-planned houses of the 1940s in Finland
Dressed for war : uniform, civilian clothing and trappings, 1914-1918
Secrets of the sewing bee
London, January 1946, emerging from the shadow of the Second World War, writer Juliet Ashton is looking for her next book subject. She finds it in a letter from a man she's never met, a native of the island of Guernsey, who has come across her name written inside a book by Charles Lamb. As Juliet and her new correspondent exchange letters, Juliet is drawn into the world of this man and his friends. The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society was born as a spur-of-the-moment alibi when its members were discovered breaking curfew by the Germans occupying their island.
The land girls
Women, sexuality and war
Remapping the home front : locating citizenship in British women's Great War fiction
The Great War diaries : accompanies the astonishing BBC TV series
After the bombing
Union soldiers and the northern home front : wartime experiences, postwar adjustments
Nightingales under the mistletoe
The soldiers' press : trench journals in the First World War
Mr Mac and me
Deeds of darkness
This collection of fourteen, academically rigorous and accessible chapters explores the British Home Front in the last 100 years since the outbreak of WW1. The wide range of case studies include war widows allowances, Landgirls, the role of factory inspectors in WW1 and canal boat women, national savings, Guernsey evacuees and clothes rationing in WW2. The meaning and images of the British home and family in times of war are interrogated in the past and in contemporary culture to challenge prevalent myths of how working and domestic and shifted in times of national conflict. This volume is intended to encourage a reappraisal of the place of the Home Front in British conceptualisations of war and conflict.
The third in a series of books featuring four young women whose lives will be forever changed by WWII. Rose Petrie is desperate to do something for the war effort. Despite the daily hardships and the nightly bombing raids, her sister, Daisy, and their friends all seem to be thriving in their war work. Rose is doing her best down at the munitions factory, but she is dealt a blow when her childhood sweetheart, Stan, tells her he doesn't feel the same way about her. Determined to get away and make a new start, Rosie decides to put her mechanical skills, learned from her father and brothers, to good use and signs up for the Women's Auxiliary Service, or ATS. But Rose discovers that delivering fruit and veg in her father's greengrocer's van is very different to driving trucks for the army in a country under seige.
Moscow 1941 : a city and its people at war
Civilians in war
Constructing collective identities by narratives : women's memories of work during the Second World War in Finland
Ballad of a soldier
