http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4200 statutes
statutes
Enriching business ethics
The Lex Irnitana : a new Flavian municipal law
The default provisions of revised article 9, Uniform commercial code
Abstract.
Texts concerning culture at European Union level : 1998-2001
Constitutional charter and code of the Sovereign Military Hospitaller Order of St. John of Jerusalem of Rhodes and of Malta : promulgated 27 June 1961, revised by the Extraordinary Chapter General 28-30 April 1997.
Consumer and commercial statutes
Corruption and misuse of public office
Do environmental regulations increase production efficiency? : evidence from the pulp industry
Should the Maastricht treaty be saved?
Immigration and nationality
Guide to the mobilisation of products to be supplied as Community food aid : Commission Regulation (EC) No 2519/97 of 16 December 1997
This work provides a detailed study of the Poor Law in London during the period leading up to and after the implementation of the Poor Law Amendment Act of 1834. Drawing on a wide rage of sources, the book focuses explicitly on the ways in which those involved with the Poor Law negotiated the provision of relief.
Software licensing : principles and practical strategies
Professionalism in physical therapy : history, practice, & development
Guide to Community legislation applicable to the industry processing fishery and aquaculture products
The portable UCC
Quasi-legislation : recent developments in secondary legislation
The new Dutch patents act
1998 broad economic policy guidelines : other texts on eco nomic policies in stage 3 of EMU
Environmental legislation in Finland
It is commonly recognised that commercial security, in its different forms, has become an important element in societies as a provider of private and public security. The reasons for this development are manifold but can be seen to well from the changes in individual societies and their governance structures. Because of the growth of the security industry, many regulatory regimes have considered some form of industry regulation to be necessary. Some private security research has been carried out during the last 40 years. Most of the published texts have handled the situation in individual countries. The published studies are in most cases theoretical and based on existing documentary sources. In this study local interviews in six regulatory regimes; Belgium, Estonia, New York, Queensland, South Africa and Sweden, as well as transnational sources are used to make comparisons of different regulation solutions.
Tranportation of paper machine rolls between Finland and Russia
Liquidity black holes : and why modern financial regulation in developed countries is making short-term capital flows to developing countries even more volatile
Statutes and regulations
Navigating social media legal risks : safeguarding your business
The theory and practice of legislation : essays in legisprudence
Export/import procedures and documentation
Transportation of hazardous materials : a practical guide to compliance
Eurocode for masonry, EN 1996-1-1 and EN 1996-2 : guidance and worked examples
EU financial regulation and supervision beyond 2005
Cosmetic microbiology : a practical handbook
Shouldering risks : the culture of control in the nuclear power industry
External economic relations and foreign policy in the European Union
Private security and the law
Textile chemicals : environmental data and facts
Implications of maritime labour convention 2006 on cargo ship accommodation spaces
Study on the impact of EU environmental regulation on selected indicators of the competitiveness of the EU chemical industry. Vol. 2, Databases : final report (revised)
Office of the President of the Republic of Estonia
Protection and indemnity
Sumptuary law in Italy 1200-1500
Criminal jurisdiction of states : an international law framework
Orthodox canon law : a casebook for study
CTFA International Color Handbook
Competition policy in Europe : the competition rules for supply and distribution agreements
Sweet & Maxwell's criminal law statutes
Underpricing of Chinese a-share IPOs before and after the adoption of the book-building method
Implementation of facility management to improve the fire safety regulation in Bangladesh
Corpus codicum Norvegicorum medii aevi. Quarto series, vol. 7, King Magnus Håkonsson's laws of Norway and other legal texts : G. Kgl. Saml. 1154 Fol. in the Royal Library, Copenhagen
Legal translation and multilingualism in the European Union with special reference to the Finnish language
The value relevance of goodwill in European Union
Study on the impact of EU environmental regulation on selected indicators of the competitiveness of the EU chemical industry. Vol. 3, Graphs : final report (revised)
Game theory and the law
There is, however, a basic problem with definitions, vocabulary and statistics concerning private and commercial security. A common platform is missing, which means that in this study some basic elements have been defined in order to be able to make structured analyses. The existing situation and interview comments concerning private security regulation have been used to analyse the industry, its challenges and its future development. The thesis tries to answer the questions why, what/who and how to regulate in general and more specifically in the six chosen regulatory regimes. Many of the industry’s challenges and trends can be understood through an examination of existing systems of private security regulation: legal apparatus that reveals how commercial security is positioned in different societies.
Handbook for Trading with Estonia
The aim of this thesis was to recognize key performance indicators for Wärtsilä Control and Communication Center. The data and legislation of the key performance indicators was also studied and possible problems of the usage. The information was mainly collected from literature and also personnel interview was used. In the second chapter the history of bridge design was under observation. Wärtsilä marine product portfolio was also reviewed in this section which gave understanding the of the used machinery. Environmental regulations and history and usage of key performance indicators were also presented in this chapter. In the third chapter data for the key performance indicator was studied and also most cases the regulations were introduced. The key performance indicators were chosen based on Wärtsilä request and the data sources and calculation formulas were presented. In the last chapter chosen key performance indicators were suited to Wärtsilä Control and Communication Center architecture and possible usage of them were introduced.
The law of agriculture in the Mishnah and the Tosefta : translation, commentary, theology
The new article 9 : uniform commercial code
The rule-making powers of independent administrative agencies in Finland
Socio-technical risk governance through dyadic risk dialogue : copper corrosion as a safety challenge in the geological disposal of spent nuclear fuel
AATA manual for the transportation of live animals by road
Product development guide for the food industry
Semeinyi Kodeks Rossijskoi Federatsii : Family Code of the Russian Federation = parallelnyje russki i angli.멠teksty po sostojaniju na 1 sentjabrja 2004 g.
The Swedish Local Government Act
Compilation of texts adopted by the Council (Ministers for Development Cooperation) : 1 January 1995 to 31 December 1996
Korea South investment & business guide. Vol. 1. strategic and practical information
Governing the uncertain : adaptation and climate in Russia and Finland
Industrial pollution control : : issues and techniques
Natural and prescribed fire in Pacific Northwest forests
The global regulation of gambling : a general overview
The book provides a detailed analysis of the development of adaptive governance in Russia and Finland. It presents a case study from the Sakha Republic in Russia that focuses on community's participation in the process of governing of the flood events in the Tatta River area. Local adaptive practices are analyzed in relation to federal and regional responses that may mandate, encourage or collide with community's agency. A second case study is centered on the Finnish community of Kuttura, Ivalo. It explores the mounting challenges presented by changing environmental conditions to traditional reindeer herding, as well as the efforts made to cope with these new factors. Combining anthropological research and political science, this penetrating work offers revealing scrutiny of governmental responses to one of the most urgent issues facing both politicians and the citizens who live in their domains.
Compilation of texts adopted by the Council (Ministers for Development Cooperation) : 1 January 1981 to 31 December 1988
An implementation of a new order of the authority in ship's planning and production processes
Regulation of manned commercial security services : a transnational comparative study of Belgium, Estonia, New York, Queensland, South Africa and Sweden
Operational key performance indicators for merchant vessels
Korea South direct foreign investment guide. Vol. 1. regulations, procedures, contacts, selected opportunities
The findings of this thesis confirm that private as well as commercial security regulation is very much a ‘command and control’ and ‘top-down’ procedure, bound to the general situation in each individual regulatory regime, and reflecting the cultures of the societies. The regulation texts as such may look quite similar, but the actual reasons for and practical implementations of them are locally specific and related to individual states’ overall governance practices and administrative maturity.
Selected instruments relating to the organization, jurisdiction and procedure of the Court
General rules and regulations prescribed by the Board of Supervising Inspectors as amended at Board meeting of January, 1931 : ocean and coastwise
Introduction to physical therapy
Responsive regulation : transcending the deregulation debate
The financial regulation applicable to the general budget of the European Communities : Council regulation (EC, Euratom) No 1605/2002 of 25 June 2002 and its implementing rules : Commission regulation (EC, Euratom) No 2342/2002 of 23 December 2002 : synoptic presentation
Regulating the media
Regulations of the Republic of China concerning rule over Tibet (1912-1949)
Commercial law : selected statutes
The aim was to study an implementation of a new rule of authorities at Aker yards and to propose a new way of implementing the new rules. However, when it was discovered that an organized way of the implementation did not exist, a new way was created during the implementation process. The new rule of the authorities was studied, an interpretation was made and based on the interpretation, instructions as well as a teaching material was prepared. Almost a hundred engineers of an organization and in addition 32 design offices were educated. Electronical filing system was created to help the implementation process. With the cooperation of the authorities and a ship owner a new ship building rule was refined to an executable form resulting the new way of the implementation. The implementation process was studied and based on the experience gained from the implementation and a comprehensive review on literature about knowledge management and organizational learning, a proposal for the implementation of a new rule of the authorities was made.
Summary (s. 5-8).
Four essays on technology, productivity and environment
Texts concerning culture at European Community level
Ritual and rhetoric in Leviticus : from sacrifice to scripture
The ABCs of the UCC. Article 2, Sales
International business law : a transactional approach
A collection of the diplomatic and consular laws and regulations of various countries
Provisions concerning medical devices being harmonized in Europe
Guidelines on ensuring successful convictions of offenders of anti-pollution regulations at sea
USSR trade union rules : as approved by the 13th USSR Congress of Trade Unions and amended (March 4, 1968) by the 14th and (March 24, 1972) by the 15th USSR Congresses of Trade Unions
Compilation of texts adopted by the Council (Ministers for Development Cooperation) : 1 January 1992 to 31 December 1994
Ted rules the world
Pilot rules for certain inland waters of the Atlantic and Pasific Coasts and of the Coast of the Gulf of Mexico : edition: February 6, 1935
European economy. 68, 1999 broad economic policy guidelines : texts related to the European Employment Pact
Comparison of classification societies on modular cabins and partial accommodation area : on offshore living quaters
The coordination of healthcare in Europe : rights of insured persons and their family members under regulations (EC) No 883/2004 and (EC) No 987/2009
The international handbook of Islamic banking and finance
Opinions and reports of the ESC
STCW-F 95 : International convention on standards of training, certification and watchkeeping for fishing vessel personnel, 1995, including the final act of the international conference on standards of training, certification and watchkeeping for fishing vessel personnel, 1995, and resolutions adopted by the conference
Biotechnology and Professional Power : A Case Study of Genetically Modified Food Policy in the EU and the US
Guide to international conservation charters
Marketing in regulated marketing environment : the natural health product industry in  Finland
Improving the quality of law drafting in Finland
Pauper capital : London and the Poor Law, 1790-1870
The Tosefta : translated from Hebrew. 4th division, Nezigin = (The order of damages)
Statutes
European economy. 66, 1998 broad economic policy guidelines : other texts on eco nomic policies in stage 3 of EMU
Sales and service for  the wine professional
Smith and Hogan criminal law
Kids and branding in a digital world
Analysis of regulating horizontal agreements in EC Competition Law
Environmental regulation of tourism : strategies and prospects on three European islands : Bornholm, Mallorca and the Isle of Wight
Setting up a franchising business in Shenzhen, China : Case: The Coffee Beanery Kingglory Store
Antitrust law sourcebook for the United States and Europe : 1996 edition
ICOM Statutes : adopted by the eleventh general assembly of Icon Copenhagen, 14 June 1974
Regulations governing the movement of horses and dogs within the European Union
Forestry legislation in Finland : unofficial translation
Radiography : study guide and registry review
Control of restrictive practices in transfer of technology transactions : selected principal regulations, policy guidelines and case law at the national and regional levels : report
Study on the impact of EU environmental regulation on selected indicators of the competitiveness of the EU chemical industry. Vol. 1, Synthesis : final report (revised)
The ABCs of the UCC. Article 2A, Leases
Long distance transport and welfare of farm animals
Legislative acts of the USSR. Book 4
Korea South : doing business and investing in Korea South guide
Setting up a business in Finland (a foreign perspective)
Special issue on 50 years of European social security coordination
Principles of conflict of laws
On August 20, 2012 the Philippines became the 30th country to ratify Maritime Labour Convention 2006 published by the International Labour Organization. The International Labour Organization known as ILO is a sub-organization of the United Nations. The ILO is also the only tripartite U.N. agency with governments employers and worker representatives. Maritime Labour Convention 2006 shortened as "MLC" is a document which sets new standards for living and working on ships. The MLC includes 5 titles and the most relevant to this thesis is the 3rd, which contains rules and regulations for accommodation spaces and recreational facilities of a ship. Deltamarin Company wanted to report on the influence of the MLC 2006 on ship design in one document. One part of the work was to collect necessary data into one check list, which project engineers could use when verifying their designs. This check list should be helpful assistance when the design constantly changes. Another task was to verify that the latest bulk carrier design of the company is consistent with these rules and regulations. Some deflections were found but these modifications were requested by the owner, who had decided that the design must not fully meet the MLC in every area. The third part of the work was to create a completely new cargo ship deckhouse design and use the check list to verify that the design meets the MLC.
English civil procedure : fundamentals of the new civil justice system
Doing business in West Africa 2009-2010 : comparative & in-depth macro-economic analyses of 48 Sub-Saharan Africa economies during the past ten years with particlular focus on West Africa
Customer friendly tourism in the European Union, specifically in Hungary
Starting an engineering company in China
Japan : laws, ordinances and other regulations concerning foreign exchange and foreign trade (1977)
Riigikogu : the parliament of Estonia
Directives of the European Community on copyright
States, Markets, the Finance Lobby and the European Union Savings Tax Directive
Matkatoimistoalan keskeiset säädökset = Main regulations for travel agent sector also in English
International trade law
Principles of water law and administration : national and international
Analysis of aquaculture development in Southeast Asia : a policy perspective
Population equivalence based discharge criteria of wastewater treatment plants in Estonia
Impact assessment in legislative drafting : guidelines
Procedure in the International Court : a commentary on the 1978 rules of the International Court of Justice
Survey of the legal and professional responsibilities of the conservator-restorers as regard the other parties involved in the preservation and conservation of cultural heritage = Étude des responsabilitiés légales et professionnelles des conservateurs-restaurateurs au regard des autres acteurs de la sauvegarde et de la conservation du patrimoine culturel
Financial Strategy : paper F3
Korea South business law handbook. Vol. 1. strategic and practical information
EU policies : an overview : from decision-making to implementation
Absrtact  This thesis was done for ResComi Oy. The objective of the thesis was to research how to start an engineering company in China.     The thesis researches setting up an enterprise, choosing office location, employing people, taxes and SWOT analysis of doing business in China. In setting up an enterprise section, the course of registering an engineering company (Such as registration a corporation name and a foreign exchange, statistical and taxation and so on) is introduced in detail. Choosing office location depends on key industrial districts of Beijing in China. The employing people part of the study is handling laws, rules and regulations of labour and social security issues.     As a result, the thesis can be a guideline for starting an engineering company in China and the course of doing it can clearly be seen.
Dynamics of international advertising : theoretical and practical perspectives
The economics of insurance regulation : a cross-national study
The concept of legislation in European community law : a comparative perspective
The purpose of this Bachelor's thesis was to create a practical handbook on the rules of the edectricity, instrumentation and telecommunication systems of a cabin in the offshore industry which could be used in planning and on site as help. The work was commissioned by ALMACO Group Oy which the author have worked during the assignment as a trainee and nowadays as a designer. Five classification societies and one standardization organization have been chosen for the comparison. In the thesis the difference of the classification societies is compared with the standardization organization IEC, which operates internationally and is a basis for the rules and regulations of the classification societies. The geographical origin of the classification institutions as well as the history of the offshore technology have affected the forming of the rules. Consequently, the differencies between the classes can be considerable. It is essential to know about the systems in the areas which the rules affect in order to understand the rules and regulations. The professionals of the field who were likely to comment on certain systems have been interviewed for this work. As a result, a manual to which the most central rules and their comparison are collected was accomplished. There is hardly any experience of the functionality of the manual in real situations. Due to this, the book will change its form when there is more experience. Every year the classification institutions update their rules, which have to be followed in case of changes. The objective is to update the manual once a year of if necessary.
Managing and maintaining compliance
Regulations
Mapping security : the corporate security sourcebook for todayʼs global economy
Federal and international scientific permits : a workshop for natural history museums and collectors : January 29-31, 1997 = Permisos científicos internacionales y federales : un taller para museos de historia natural y coleccionistas : enero 29-31, 1997
Pharmaceuticals, corporate crime and public health
Green ships - eco shipping - clean seas : the 12th Annual General Assembly, International Association of Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland, 12-14 June 2011
Understanding statutes
