http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4209 railway workers
railway workers
Voices from the railways : how the railways changed our lives
Rail human factors : supporting reliability, safety and cost reduction
Life before eighty : autobiography
From Tzintzuntzan to the "image of limited good" : essays in honor of George M. Foster
Communities of railway employees as heralds of a new style of life in Finnish countryside at the beginning of 20th century
The lorry driver
Boomer : railroad memoirs
Summary: A career description of locomotive crewmen from ca. 1920 to 1960.
Brezhnev's folly : the building of BAM and late Soviet socialism
Work identity at the end of the line? : privatisation and culture change in the UK rail industry
A 19th century railway station
The rail human factors/ergonomics community has grown quickly and extensively, and there is much increased recognition of the vital importance of ergonomics/human factors by rail infrastructure owners, rail operating companies, system developers, regulators and national and trans-national government. This book, the fourth on rail human factors, is drawn from papers presented at the London 4th International Conference on Rail Human Factors. The contributions cover the range of human and organisational issues on the railway, from driving to signalling and control to maintenance and engineering work, to passengers and security issues such as trespass, and address improvements in safety, reliability, use of capacity, efficiency and quality. The book represents the best of recent work in rail human factors, and starts to define the framework for the next few years. As well as the human factors areas listed above, the conference and thus the book are notable for sessions on simulation in rail human factors and on human factors in metro design and operation. The book also reflects the increased attention being paid to, and developments in, understanding all aspects of rail stakeholders’ behaviour, and also the contribution of ergonomics/human factors to innovative network control systems which will enhance reliability, safety and use of capacity. The book will be of interest to a number of groups: those working in the rail sector from a human factors point of view; the larger rail industry and related bodies generally; and in terms of transferrable knowledge to ergonomists and human factors specialists working in other industries.
Productivity, supervision and morale among railroad workers
The railroad photography of Jack Delano
Train : riding the rails that created the modern world : from the Trans-Siberian to the Southwest Chief
A treasury of railroad folklore : stories, tall tales, traditions, ballads, traditions and songs of the American railroad
The English occupational song
This classic account of self discovery and railroad life describes Linda Grant Niemann's travels as an itinerant brakeman on the Southern Pacific. Boomer combines travelogue, Wild West adventure, sexual memoir, and closely observed ethnography. A Berkeley Ph.D., Niemann turned her back on academia and set out to master the craft of railroad brakeman, beginning a journey of sexual and subcultural exploration and traveling down a path toward recovery from alcoholism. In honest, clean prose, Niemann treks off the beaten path and into the forgotten places along the rail lines, finding true American characters with colorful pasts―and her true self as well.
