http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4208 civilian population
civilian population
The law of non-international armed conflict : protocol II to the Geneva conventions
This war of mine : the little ones : PS4
Caught in conflicts : civilian victims, humanitarian assistance and international law
Kill anything that moves : the real American war in Vietnam
Notes from the blockade, and ; A story of pity and cruelty
Russian civil-military relations
Nazi Germany at war
The Japanese invasion of Shanghai in 1937 led some thirty million Chinese to flee their homes in terror, and live--in the words of artist and writer Feng Zikai--"in A sea of bitterness" as refugees. Keith Schoppa paints A comprehensive picture of the refugee experience in one province--Zhejiang, on the central Chinese coast--where the Japanese launched major early offensives as well as notorious later campaigns. He recounts stories of both heroes and villains, of choices poorly made amid war's bewildering violence, of risks bravely taken despite an almost palpable quaking fear. As they traveled south into China's interior, refugees stepped backward in time, sometimes as far as the nineteenth century, their journeys revealing the superficiality of China's modernization. Memoirs and oral histories allow Schoppa to follow the footsteps of the young and old, elite and non-elite, as they fled through unfamiliar terrain and coped with unimaginable physical and psychological difficulties. Within the context of Chinese culture, being forced to leave home was profoundly threatening to one's sense of identity. Not just people but whole institutions also fled from Japanese occupation, and Schoppa considers schools, governments, and businesses as refugees with narratives of their own. Local governments responded variously to Japanese attacks, from enacting scorched-earth policies to offering rewards for the capture of plague-infected rats in the aftermath of germ warfare. While at times these official procedures improved the situation for refugees, more often--as Schoppa describes in moving detail--they only deepened the tragedy.
Military and society in post-Soviet Russia
Hitler's home front : Württemberg under the Nazis
The myth of the military-nation : militarism, gender, and education in Turkey
Valley of darkness : the Japanese people and World War Two
The responsibility to protect and protection of civilians : enhancing the protection capacity through interaction
Protecting civilians in the context of UN peacekeeping operations : successes, setbacks and remaining challenges
The death of little 'VedadH' in Sarajevo : a case study of semeiotical canons in the textual interpretation
Americans have long been taught that events such as the notorious My Lai massacre were isolated incidents in the Vietnam War, carried out by just a few “bad apples.” But as award-winning journalist and historian Nick Turse demonstrates in this groundbreaking investigation, violence against Vietnamese noncombatants was not at all exceptional during the conflict. Rather, it was pervasive and systematic, the predictable consequence of official orders to “kill anything that moves.” Drawing on more than a decade of research into secret Pentagon archives and extensive interviews with American veterans and Vietnamese survivors, Turse reveals for the first time the workings of a military machine that resulted in millions of innocent civilians killed and wounded—what one soldier called “a My Lai a month.” Devastating and definitive, Kill Anything That Moves finally brings us face-to-face with the truth of a war that haunts America to this day.
The spirit of Dogberry : the 1940 diary of a provincial headmaster
Inferno : the world at war 1939-1945
Suite Francaise : Storm in June
Cries for peace : experiences of Japanese victims of World War II
Civil-military relations : regional perspectives
Civil-military relations and peacekeeping
Civil defense begins at home : militarization meets everyday life in the fifties
Hard choices : moral dilemmas in humanitarian intervention
The deluge : British society and the First World War
Life and death in besieged Leningrad, 1941-44
The prevention of humanitarian emergencies
The Experience of World War I
The Angel of Grozny : life inside Chechnya
Germany and the Second World War. vol. 9/1, German wartime society 1939-1945 : politicization, disintegration, and the struggle for survival
Unlawful combatants : a genealogy of the irregular fighter
The angel of Grozny : inside Chechnya
North Vietnam : a documentary
New rules for victims of armed conflicts : commentary on the two 1977 protocols additional to the Geneva conventions of 1949
Letters from the dead : last letters from Soviet men and women who died fighting the nazis (1941-1945)
The Iraq war : strategy, tactics, and military lessons
The sirens of Baghdad : a novel
Crimes and mercies : the fate of German civilians under Allied occupation, 1944-1950
New and old wars : organized violence in a global era
Elli : coming of age in the Holocaust
Integration vs. autonomy : civil-military relations on the Kola peninsula
Military-civilian interactions : intervening in humanitarian crises
African Union mediation and civilian protection in Africa
Crimes without punishment : humanitarian action in former Yugoslavia
Chimney forests : Kuosku, Magga, Seitajärvi, and Lokka : the destruction of four villages in Finnish Lapland
The distant hours
Only the nails remain : scenes from the Balkan wars
The divided island : stories from the Sri Lankan war
Hounds of expansion : the army men in the last apache wars
Only the brave
Living on the home front
The Soviet home front, 1941-1945 : a social and economic history of the USSR in World War II
A small town near Auschwitz : ordinary Nazis and the Holocaust
Leningrad : Tragedy of a city under siege, 1941-44
Caught in crossfire : civilians in conflicts in the Middle East
Alexandra Stiglmayer interviewed survivors of the continuing war in Bosnia-Herzegovina in order to reveal, to a seemingly deaf world, the horrors of the ongoing war in the former Yugoslavia. The women - primarily of Muslim but also of Croatian and Serbian origin - have endured the atrocities of rape and the loss of loved ones. Their testimony, published in the 1993 German edition, is bare, direct, and its cumulative effect overwhelming. The first English edition contains Stiglmayer's updates to her own two essays, one detailing the historical context of the current conflict and the other presenting the core of the book, interviews with some twenty victims of rape as well as interviews with three Serbian perpetrators. Essays investi-gating mass rape and war from ethnopsychological, sociological, cultural, and medical perspectives are included.
The People's war : responses to World War II in the Soviet Union
Memoir of a Hungarian woman who was imprisoned for several years in the German concentration camp Auschwitz.
Madrid : the "military" atrocities of the rebels : a record of massacre, murder, mutilation
Eye in the sky
Mass rape : the war against women in Bosnia-Herzegovina
This war of mine : the little ones : Xbox One
In the last years of the Second World War, a million tonnes of bombs were dropped by the Allies on 131 German towns and cities. 600,000 civilians died, seven and a half million Germans were left homeless. W.G. Sebald's lucid but harrowing essays explore the consequences for the German people of the mass destruction of their cities.
The cage : the fight for Sri Lanka and the last days of the Tamil Tigers
The constant soldier
The Goldstone report
The siege of Leningrad, 1941-1944 : 900 days of terror
The handbook of humanitarian law in armed conflicts
A visitation of God : northern civilians interpret the Civil War
The wartime house : home life in wartime Britain, 1939-1945
This war of mine : the little ones : PlayStation 4
Finnish Relief Fund, Inc. : report to American donors : December 1939 - July 1940.
Hitler's foreign workers : enforced foreign labor in Germany under the third reich
In a sea of bitterness : refugees during the Sino-Japanese War
Australia's forgotten prisoners : civilians interned by the Japanese in World War Two
The military and democracy in Asia and the Pacific
Vienna and the fall of the Habsburg Empire : total war and everyday life in World War I
The home front
NATO crimes in Yugoslavia : documentary evidence : 24 March - 24 April 1999
The Indonesian military after the new order
The siege of Leningrad
Psychological trauma and the legacies of the First World War
Civilian or combatant? : a challenge for the twenty-first century
The suitcase : refugee voices from Bosnia and Croatia
Dressed for war : uniform, civilian clothing and trappings, 1914-1918
The summer before the war
Controlling the sword : the democratic governance of national security
Four blind mice
EU civilian crisis management : the record so far
The land girls
German armed forces and the Finnish civilian population 1941-44
Human rights and crisis management : a handbook for members of CSDP missions
The Raj at war : a people's history of India's Second World War
From military to civilian rule
Leningrad : tragedy of a city under siege, 1941-44
The 900-day siege of Leningrad (1941-44) was one of the turning points of the Second World War. It slowed down the German advance into Russia and became a national symbol of survival and resistance. An estimated one million civilians died, most of them from cold and starvation. Lydia Ginzburg, a respected literary scholar (who meanwhile wrote prose 'for the desk drawer' through seven decades of Soviet rule), survived. Using her own using notes and sketches she wrote during the siege, along with conversations and impressions collected over the years, she distilled the collective experience of life under siege.
Crimes and mercies : the fate of German civilians under Allied occupation 1944-1950
The protection of civilians in armed conflicts : well-trodden paths and new ways forward
Karo belaisvių ir civilių gyventojų žudynės Lietuvoje = Murders of prisoners of war and of civilian population in Lithuania : 1941-1944
Civilians at war : from the fifteenth century to the present
Deeds of darkness
The handbook of international humanitarian law
Final record of the Diplomatic Conference of Geneva of 1949.
NATO crimes in Yugoslavia : documentary evidence. 2 : 25 April- 10 June 1999
Famine and death in occupied Greece, 1941-1944
New & old wars
On the other side : to my children : from Germany, 1940-1945
The report : a novel
Five chimneys : the story of Auschwitz
Civil-military relations in Europe : learning from crisis and institutional change
Needs of comprehensiveness : building blocks for Finnish crisis management
The conduct of hostilities under the law of international armed conflict
On the natural history of destruction : with essays on Alfred Andersch, Jean Améry and Peter Weiss
