http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4207 population
population
A brief history of Iraq
Proceedings SUSDEV-CHINA Symposium : sustainable agroecosystem management and development of rural-urban interaction in regions and cities of China
Thanks to the Centro de Estudios Migratorios Latinoamericanos (CEMLA) electronic database of Buenos Aires, we have a better understanding of how many Finns migrated to Argentina during 1886-1940. Port entries to Buenos Aires by Finnish nationals during 1886-1940 totalled 916 (the total includes everyone on the lists irrespective if they have been mentioned twice in a few cases), with the lion's share (482) arriving in 1920-1929. Argentina started to be noticed by Finnish immigrants from 1906, when Arthur Thesleff founded with a group of 112 Finns and 6 Swedes a colony in the northeast province of Misiones. Despite greater immigration from Finland during the 1920s, the highest number of Finns arriving to the Port of Buenos Aires in a single year was in 1906, totalling 139 people. A more precise figure, however, would be about 145 (Tessieri 2008, 25, and Tessieri 2009, 13). I would also like to thank and show my apreciation to the Kaarle Hjalmar Lehtinen Foundation of the Institute of Migration for a grant that made this study possible..
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 2009 : Special Issue of the 16th Nordic Demographic Symposium in Helsinki
During the 1990s most municipalities and rural areas in northern Sweden have experienced renewed depopulation. At the same time, many regional centres (mainly university cities), but also some rural areas, have shown significant population growth. This article focuses on the latter rural areas and describes their geographical location and the socio-demographic characteristics of their populations. Three types of rural areas with population growth have been identified. Firstly, there are the rural areas within daily commuting distance from regional centres. Secondly, there is a group of rural areas that has benefited from the tourist industry. Most of these tourist resorts are mountain villages close to the border with Norway. Finally, there are also a few rural areas characterised by attractive residential environments and leisure housing.
Is there a need for a population policy program in Finland?
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2015:II
Labour Force Participation and the Likelihood of Abortion in Finland over Three Birth Cohorts
Presents the first global assessment of slums, emphasizing their problems and prospects. This book presents estimates of the number of urban slum dwellers and examines the factors at all level, from local to global, that underlie the formation of slums as well as their social, spatial and economic characteristics and dynamics.
Ageing and economic performance : dilemmas and dichotomies
World population at the turn of the century
Yearbook of population research in Finland. XXXVII 2001 / [written by Marjo Kuronen ... et al.] ; language revision and translation Liisa Kosonen, Maija Mäkinen
Development and population growth in Africa
Populations and societies
Atlas of global development
Deconcentration versus spatial clustering: changing population distribution in the Turku urban region, 1980-2005
Review and appraisal of the world population plan of action : 1984 report
Trade, status, population growth, and environment in developing countries
A comparative geography of China and the U.S
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
National vitality : its wastes and conservation
World population : an analysis of vital data
100-year Anniversary of the Birth of V.J. Sukselainen, Founder of Väestöliitto
Geographies of ageing : social processes and the spatial unevenness of population ageing
Finnish yearbook of population research 43, 2007-2008
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 1994-1995, 32
Food, population and employment in China
Comparative perspectives on rural development and policy challenges in Sogn og Fjordane
Population of North Carelia : method for projecting population in areas smaller than rural communes of Finland
Multiagency collaboration is seen as an essential way of working to promote the two-way integration of newcomers and a receiving society. The term multiagency collaboration underlines the diversity of actors in cooperation. Cross-sectorial networks are mentioned in higher strategies as well as in the local programmes or plans for action. But how is multiagency work structured at the local level? This article looks at the examples of multiagency collaboration in the written documents of local integration programmes in the Finnish context. The examples are chosen from different areas. It seems that collaboration is widely emphasized as a goal or a working method. Whereas expertise in integration work is relatively novel in Finland, more analytical awareness of multiagency collaboration could support learning in networks and developing hybrid practices in this emerging field of knowledge.
Demographic change reduces labour force and number of employed
The changing face of France
Well-being in Finland: A comparison of municipalities and residential differentiation in two cities
The British population : patterns, trends and processes
Measuring aspects of mental health
Human variation : a genetic perspective on diversity, race, and medicine
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
People of Peru
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2011-2013
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLVI, 2011
Patching the population pyramid in Japan : an ethnic dilemma
Thailand's population; facts, trends, problems, and policies
The changing face of the Caribbean
Latvia has been suffering a substantial decrease in population since the early 1990s. There appears to have been little or no detailed analysis of the genesis of this decline in population. The major political event occurring at the beginning of the population decline was the rapid transitioning from socialism to capitalism. This study has revealed the causes of severe population decline to be a combination of steadily-declining birth rate, sharply rising high death rate, and mass emigration of people to wealthier European states. The cross-over of birth rate and death rate could be attributed to the tumultuous societal upheavals in the changeover from the socialistic protective-welfare system to a free-market capitalistic economic system. In particular, this traumatic event had probably affected the physical and mental health of many people to result in premature deaths from, among other things, consequential morbidity, accidents, homicides and suicides. Practicable remedies to arrest the continuing trend of precipitous decline in the population might include a) repairing the failures of the current modality of national health care, b) creating higher paying jobs in Latvia to entice prospective young emigrants to stay in Latvia, and c) repatriating of recent Latvian émigrés.
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2005:1
Population shocks and employment : testing the labor market equilibrium hypothesis
Population Data on Finland 1900-2004
What the future holds : insights from social science
Housing in European cities : statistical comparisons
Question evaluation methods : contributing to the science of data quality
Strategic management and marketing strategy in insurance companies : case: China Life Insurance Company Limited in Shifang
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2016:IV
Since the financial crisis, the population structure and age structure of the Finnish labour force have changed as the baby boomer cohorts retire. As well as capital formation and productivity, labour input constitutes one of the pillars of economic growth, meaning that the contraction of the working-age population directly cuts the growth rate of potential output. What is the scale of this problem? Further, how has the situation already been reflected on the Finnish labour market, and what implications will it have over the next five years?.
Arctic social indicators : a follow-up to the Arctic human development report
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2004-2006
Indirect techniques for demographic estimation : manual X : a collaboration of the Population Division of the Department of International Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat with the Committee on Population and Demography of the National Research Council, United States National Academy of Sciences
Väentiheys 1980 : Suomi 1:1000000 = Folktäthet 1980 : Finland 1:1000000 = Population density 1980 : Finland 1:1000000
The European demographic system 1500-1820
The future of Europe's population
Is Finland following the same path as Japan?
Population and food supply : McDougall memorial lecture
The Oxford handbook of work and aging
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Daily life in biblical times
Väestöntutkimuksen vuosikirja = Yearbook of population research in Finland. 1971, 12
International perspectives on aging : population and policy challenges
Environmental mortality and long-run growth
Australian people
Greece
Born in the '80s : China's first "One-child" generation
Demography for agricultural planners
Democraphic behavior : interdisciplinary perspectives on decision-making : based on a symposium held at the 1979 AAAS national annual meeting in Houston, Texas, January 3-8
The follow-up method in demographic sample surveys : an approach to measuring fertility, mortality and migration
The bibliography covers the literature on population research published by Finnish authors in Finland and abroad during the year 2011-2013. Also included are studies by foreign authors on Finnish population. Included are independent publications and articles in periodicals and compiled works as well as nationwide Finnish statistics. In general the bibliography excludes nonscientific articles in newspapers and weeklies as well as unpublished reports and academic theses. Also not included are studies presented in proceedings of conferences held in Finland if they are written abroad and treated subjects outside Finland. Neither are comparative studies where Finland not forms a substantial part included in the bibliography. Coverage is less complete in peripheral fields.
This article studies Finnish abortion-seeking women in the 1950s and 1960s by investigating the life situations of the abortion-seeking women and their possibilities to regulate childbearing under the 1950 Abortion Act. During the 1950s and 1960s, abortion was legal in Finland only on medical, ethical or eugenic grounds. The data consists of patient documents of the Finnish Family Federations (Vestliitto) Tampere social counseling service (sosiaalineuvola) from the years 1955 and 1968 and the documents mainly comprise abortion requests. Results show that in 1955 83 percent and in 1968 68 percent of the abortion-seeking women were married. 90 percent of them had two or more children and the mothers often requested abortion because of poor financial or social circumstances. The family conditions of these women were often described as difficult, as they had the main responsibility for taking care of and providing for their families. The majority of the abortion requests were denied. In 1955, only 16 percent of the abortion-seeking women received an affirmative decision from the Family Federation whereas the share of admitted abortions in 1968 was 42 percent. The documents show a severe collision between the womens wishes for abortion and the societys interest to prevent abortions for pronatalist reasons. The data also indicates that women were not treated equally because their own determined and persistant behaviour as well as the doctoral practices influenced the abortion decisions. .
Ageing societies : myths, challenges and opportunities
Väestö = Befolkning = Population. 1982, osa = del = vol. 2, Väestörakenne kunnittain = Befolkningens sammansättning kommunvis = Structure of population by municipality
Social Upheaval, Poverty and the Latvian Demographic Crisis
Development of young population groups in Helsinki
The Motivations of Catering Companies to Deliver Food to Elderly People
Population Data on Finland 1900 - 2008.
From the village to the city : adjustment process of internal migrants in Albania
World food prospects : critical issues for the early twenty-first century
Native American historical demography
The landscape of the Karelian Isthmus and its imagery since 1944.
International Population Conference : ageing of population in developed countries : causes - consequences - policies, Prague, Czechoslovakia, July 4-7, 1989 : proceedings, Volume 1
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of statistics. 2004:2
Yearbook of population research in Finland. XXXVIII, 2002 / in collaboration with the Finnish Demographic Society ; [written by Jouko Hulkko ... et al.] ; [editor in chief Ismo Söderling] ; [language revision and translation Maija Mäkinen]
Yearbook of population research in Finland. XLI, 2005
Research on population communication and implications for population policies in West Africa. Vol. 1, The population situation
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2003.
Development of the elderly population in Helsinki
Back to blood : a novel
Population aging and the generational economy : a global perspective
Europe's population at a turning point
The population of the United States
Global ageing in the twenty-first century : challenges, opportunities and implications
Finnish urban regions
The politics and policies of reproductive agency
All the five Nordic countries have a long tradition in health statistics and health monitoring. The cornerstone of the national health information systems is register information. There are, for example, complete population-based registration of births and deaths, cancers, hospital care, and medication (Cappelen and Lysol 2004, Gissler and Haukka. 2004, Mortensen 2004, Otterblad Olausson et al. 2004). The main prerequisites for a functioning register system are its completeness and high quality. These are facilitated by the Nordic legislation allowing mandatory reporting from public and private sector without informed consent and the existence of unique person identity number system. .
Emerging Joint Expertise? Multiagency Collaboration Described in Local Integration Programmes in Finland
World population : 1992
Georeferenced data as a tool for monitoring the concentration of population in Finland in 1970-1998
Many urban regions in developed countries have experienced major changes during the past few decades. The deconcentration trend of urban regions has been accompanied with new processes where traditional monocentric cities have been replaced by increasingly polycentric urban constellations. This study seeks to present evidence on how Finnish urban regions have developed in recent decades using the Turku urban region as an example. The results show that the Turku urban region has indeed become more polycentric when population distribution is considered. Global socio-demographic trends, the housing careers of young families and municipal planning policies were found to affect the changing population distribution. The paper is concluded by highlighting the importance of scale in the development of Finnish urban regions. The fundamental factor in urban regional dynamics seems to be a conflict in scale, in which demographic processes influence the urban spatial structure on the regional scale whereas planning practices have predominantly effects on the municipal scale.
Deportation of Poles on the eve of World War II : the framework of Soviet forced expulsion of nationalities
Ancient Rome : life, myth and art
The challenge of slums : global report on human settlements 2003
Population growth and economic development in Africa
This paper considers the effect of income on the risk of having the first births in Sweden from 1968 to 2009. Variations by gender are given particular atention. The study follows men and women from the moment they turn 18 until they enter parenthood and it is based on register-based data covering the entire population of Sweden. Complementary log-log models show that there is a positive association between income and the risk of childbearing. The association gets stronger over time and the differences between men and women diminish. Gender differences appear when the income effect is related to the demand for work in the economy. An income above the median does not increase the risk of childbearing for women when the demand for work is relatively high.
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2005:2
Helsinki 2014 : urban life, openness and citizen engagement
Historical demography
Is prosopis a curse or a blessing? : an ecological-economic analysis of an invasive alien tree species in Sudan
Rapid population growth : consequences and policy implications. 2, Research papers
Human resource planning : the Asian experience
Regional population in Finland 1880-1975
Vieno Johannes Sukselainen was born in Paimio on 12 October 1906. His mother was a single woman who worked as a seamstress. Sukselainen matriculated from high school in 1927 and earned his masters degree in 1931. Sukselainens doctoral dissertation, Co-operatives as a business model, was approved in 1939. Sukselainen traveled to various countries during the 1930s to conduct research for his dissertation, including Germany, Switzerland, France and Sweden. He was actively involved in student politics and later in the 1930s also got involved in the activities of the Agrarian League. Although neither farmer nor Member of Parliament, Sukselainen was elected chairman of the Agrarian League in 1945. His chairmanship lasted nearly two decades, until 1964, and his contributions were mainly in the area of political economy and social policy. Sukselainen was a member of parliament almost without interruption from 1948 to 1978, and was Speaker in 1956-58, 1968-69 and 1972-75. Sukselainen occupied the post of Minister of Finance in 1950-51 and 1954, Minister of the Interior in 1951-53, and Prime Minister in 1957 and 1959-61. He also served as a university lecturer and professor of political economy throughout the 1940s and 50s, director of the Social Insurance Institution of Finland in 1954-71 and Chancellor of the University of Tampere in 1969-78. A founder of the Family Federation, Sukselainen was also its ? rst chairman from 1941 until 1971. Sukselainen and Elma Bondn, M.A., married on 6 July 1938 and had four children. V.J. Sukselainen died in 1995. .
Observations on age-dimensional structure of Fucus vesiculosus : the dominating species of waters at the Barents Sea and the Kola Bay
We present an update of the main and parity-specific trends in vital family-demographic behavior in Sweden presented in Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 2011. Based on Swedish register data, previous time series of relative risks of childbearing, marriage, and divorce by calendar year are updated with another five years of observation. We demonstrate that more than a decade of increasing fertility levels turned into moderate fertility declines in 2011. This trend reversal pertains to all main birth orders. Marriage propensities continued to increase for mothers but stagnated for the childless. Since the turn of the century, trends in divorce risks seem to have leveled off, altogether reflecting a more prevalent role of marriage in recent Swedish family dynamics.
Economic theory of optimal population
Local people and protected areas : a case study from Miraflor, Nicaragua
Population growth in Kenya
Growth of the world's urban and rural population, 1920-2000
There is a lack of studies on the association between labour force participation and abortion. This study examined how the likelihood of having an abortion depends on being employed, unemployed, student or outside the workforce using Finnish register data from three birth cohorts (born in 1955-59, 1965-69 and 1975-79) of nearly 260,000 women. The results differed depending on whether all women or only pregnant women were studied and on the cohort analysed. Unemployed women had a high likelihood of abortion when all women were studied, but among pregnant women students had the highest likelihood. The direction and strength of the association varied by relationship status, age, and parity. The results show that the likelihood of abortion depends on women's economic position. More studies on contraceptive use and pregnancy intentions in Finland are needed to identify the mechanisms behind these findings.
The Road to Parenthood: Income and First Births in Sweden
Concentration and deconcentration of Finnish population by age groups in 1975-1995
The society chapter
Changes in the household structure of the Finnish elderly by age, sex and educational attainment in 1987–2035
In the present paper we investigate how fatherhood influences childbirth in the second union of men in three European countries. We use data from the first wave of the Generations and Gender Survey for France (2005), Norway (2007/8) and Hungary (2004/5) and we apply piecewise exponential event history models. The analysis complements earlier literature by focusing on men, taking a comparative perspective, looking at change over time, considering both cohabiting and marital unions, and also differentiating between the effects of non-residential and (part- or full-time) residential fatherhood.    Findings show that the probability of childbearing in the second union is the lowest if both partners already have child(ren) and highest if neither of them are parents. However we found different results if only one of the partners has pre-union children in the three countries. Findings are discussed in view of demographic trends, family and gender role attitudes, and relevant family policies.
The economic map of urban Europe : a comparative study of 45 European metropolises
Remnants : A Novel
Väestölaskenta 1970 = Folkräkningen 1970 = Population census 1970. Osa = del = vol. 19, Taululuettelot = Tabellförteckningar = List of tables
Language in Taiwanese Social Movements
Recent demographic developments in Europe
Meeting the population challenge
The political economy of pensions : political support and scope for reform
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Finland is now facing problems similar to those with which Japan has already struggled for more than a decade. The population is ageing, and slow economic growth is not generating sufficient funds to cover swelling public expenditure. General government debt threatens to become unsustainable. From the perspective of Finnish economic policy, an examination of the situation in Japan emphasises the importance of structural measures. If decisions on reforming the structures of the economy are postponed far into the future, in the light of Japan's experiences this may result in reduced growth and employment, with consequent high costs..
The population distribution on Nordkalotten
The demographic background of post-war migration trends in Estonia
Air pollution deaths in Europe 2020 : a survey
Abortion Wishes and Abortion Prevention - Women Seeking Legal Termination of Pregnancy During the 1950s and 1960s in Finland
Studies on the spatial concentration of human capital
Tourism-related informal interaction in Chembe, Malawi : an ethnographic study
Finnish yearbook of population research
The declining percentage of the working-age people
This paper traces the correlation between the functions of landscape, its dynamics under its human influences and the dominant images of its terrain. A great deal of attention is given to Vyborg Karelia - the part of the Karelian Isthmus ceded by Finland to the Soviet Union in 1940. The author considers the consequences on the landscape of population exchange and settlement after 1944, alterations in landscape due to increased recreation, forest protection, the abandonment of agricultural lands, bog drainage and open-cut mining. The conclusions reached concerning the landscape imagery of the region are based chiefly on an analysis of texts and pictures from between the 1950s and the 1980s, and the author's observations and research data. Predominantly examined is the perception of the residents of Leningrad (now St. Petersburg) as being the widest human cross-section vis-à-vis Vyborg Karelia at the period under examination. The radical changes in its imagery during the postwar period were wrought by: 1) great alterations in landscape functions and land use; 2) the loss of historical recollection of past landscapes in the present population; and 3) the strong ideologization of landscape perception during the Soviet period. An integral image, dominating up to now, embodies the principally "recreational model" of landscape development, one which is not completely adequate to the present state of the landscape. During the post-Soviet period, regional imagery becomes more complex and contradictory in regard to the increased transitional function of the Isthmus as a bridge between Russia and the European Union.
Methods for projections of urban and rural population
Methodology for population studies and development
There is emerging evidence that environmental degradation increases human mortality. This paper provides a long-run consumer optimization model in which mortality is endogenous to emissions generated by production. Emissions are assumed to follow the EKC path, first rising and then falling along with output. In the optimum, some deaths are accepted as an exchange for consumption. The model is estimated for the European outdoor air pollution data, showing that Europe has reached the downward sloping segment of the EKC. Economic growth will thus decrease rather than increase air pollution and the associated deaths in most countries in Europe.
Concern over the future of the nation : a discourse analytical study on changes in Russian demographic policy in the years 2000-2010
Populazioari buruzko biltzarra : gaur egungo egoera eta etorkizuna = Congreso sobre la población : situación actual y perspectivas = Conference on population : current situation and prospects
Rites of spring : the Great War and the birth of the Modern Age
Portrait of the Helsinki region
Trends in Childbearing, Marriage and Divorce in Sweden: An Update with Data up to 2012.
Men's Fertility in Second Unions in Three European Countries: The Effect of Parenthood Status
Population growth overshooting and trade in developing countries
The geography of Georgia : problems and perspectives
The Finland in Figures publication is a compact information package that presents Finland in various ways and also contains international comparison data. The publication is like a visiting card for those needing information about Finland and it can be handed out in both domestic and international contexts.
Convergence and demographic transition : a club approach
An assessment of population conference with particular reference to Africa
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 1993, 31
An introduction to human-environment geography : local dynamics and global processes
Assessment of risk for type 1 diabetes in children of affected families and in the general population : role of immunological and metabolic markers
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 33 / editor: Jarl Lindgren
Analysis factors affecting supply of agricultural products : market liberalization, agricultural policies, bioenergy policies, population growth, input price development, trade policies and other relevant factors
China's population situation and policies
Affluence, mobility, and second home ownership
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 2000, 36
Population growth and economic development : report on the Consultative Meeting Economists convened by the United Nations Population Fund, 28-29 September 1992, New York
Preliminary population statistics
Son preference, leading to skewed sex ratios at birth, is an important feature of contemporary Chinese demography, as well as being a critical policy issue. Using a 2006 representative survey, this article explores preferences for boys and girls among childless young adults in a district of Beijing who have a stated one child as their ideal number of children (though they may be eligible to bear more). The descriptive analysis finds no evidence of son-preference; rather an overall indifference to gender. A multivariate analysis provides some indicative evidence of indifference regarding predictors of desiring a girl, a boy or either. gs.
Social demography
History and urban prose fiction in Helsinki: case Toivo Tarvas
The implications of demographic change for economic growth
This article examines the link between population ageing and monetary policy transmission in Finland from the perspective of consumption behaviour and the macro economy. We estimate the consumption functions of Finnish households in various age groups, using household-specific data. If consumption in the younger cohorts is more sensitive to changes in income and interest rates than consumption in the older, growth in the population share of the elderly will decrease the economic impact of changes in the key monetary policy interest rate. The effect of ageing on consumption is estimated by taking into consideration the age variation of household margins. Finally, we describe the effect of demographics on monetary policy transmission, using a general equilibrium model of the Finnish economy. The examinations are based on wealth and income distribution data from Statistics Finland..
Three Years of Networking: a Personal History of NIEPS
What skills create rural village futures?
Demographic ageing is a reality -- within 25 years half the population of Western Europe will be over 50, one quarter over 65, and the Less Developed Countries will contain one billion elderly people. Ageing Societies examines the myths, challenges and opportunities behind these figures. Ageing Societies explores three areas: the growing necessity for extending economic activity into later life and the implications of societal ageing for the intergenerational contract and the provision of social security the changes in modern families and the implications the changes have for the provision of support and care for the ageing population the biggest demographic challenge of all: ageing in the Less Developed Countries where there is little or no infrastructure to provide long-term care or social security. Combining bio-demography, sociology, economics and development studies, Ageing Societies highlights the opportunities of an ageing population for a mature society. Age-integrated and flexible workforces, increased labour mobility, intergenerational integration, age equality and politically stable age-integrated societies are the potential benefits of a demography which will be with us for the majority of this century.
Population geography : problems, concepts, and prospects
Land use rights and gender in Ovamboland, North- Central Namibia, since the 1930s
Demographic clubs : convergence within, divergence between
Population and the environment : the challenges ahead
European Population Conference : 23-26 March 1993 Geneva, Switzerland = Conférence européenne sur la population : 23-26 mars 1993 Genève, Suisse. Vol. 2, Proceedings, actes
Water scarcity and food security along the Nile : politics, population increase and climate change
TYÖSSÄKÄYNTITILASTO 1995-1996 = SYSSELSÄTTNINGSSTATISTIK
The savage wars of peace : England, Japan and the Malthusian trap
World population : the biggest problem of all?
CONSEQUENCES OF POPULATION GROWTH ON AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION IN OBINGWA LOCAL GOVERNMENT AREA OF ABIA STATE NIGERIA.
Finnish North Americans today by statistics
National Geographic atlas of China
Differences in well-being are examined at two regional levels. First, variations in well-being are studied based on municipal statistics by three indices that represent different aspects of life. The examination shows that the most problematic areas are in eastern and northern Finland. Second, residential differentiation is examined in two metropolitan areas, Helsinki and Tampere, through two variables: families with children and residents with university education. Metropolitan Helsinki is divided into socially distinctive residential areas. Low levels of education and the threat of unemployment concentrate in the northern and eastern parts of the city. Such clear socio-economic differentiation cannot be found in Metropolitan Tampere.
Finland is greying - will this diminish the effectiveness of monetary policy?
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 1998-1999, 35
Environment and health in the Accra metropolitan area, Ghana
Evolution of prolonged longevity in humans
The population of Israel
South America, Central America and the Caribbean 1995.
Singapore population in transition
Colonization and migration : a summary of border-crossing movements in Tanzania before 1967
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2016:III
Registration of Births and Induced Abortions in the Nordic Countries
Population Data on Finland 1900-2007
Finland in figures 2012
Population growth and land use
On population : three essays
An introduction to population
Political instability, gender discrimination, and population growth in developing countries
The triple package : what really determines success
Population
Changes in the distribution of population in Finland over the period 1970-1998 are examined in terms of a co-ordinate system of 1 x 1 km grid cells. The results indicate that this system provides suitable areal units for a variety of statistical and GIS methods aimed at describing and explaining the spatial distribution of population. The system is capable of yielding more detailed information than heretofore on topics such as the concentration of population in the urban centres of Finland - a process that has been going on since the beginning of the last century, but has slowed down noticeably in the recent years.
Social protection in the nordic countries 2005 : scope, expenditure and financing
Summary.
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
"In 2050, the population in all the Nile Basin countries is expected to be ten times higher than it was in 1950. This will put ever increasing pressure on water as a resource for development. The Nile Basin catchment area is shared by 11 countries covering about one-tenth of the African continent. Globally, around 70 per cent of fresh water consumption is used in agriculture. This puts the spotlight on future scenarios regarding food production: will there be enough water for food security in the Nile Basin countries? In this Current African Issues publication, water scarcity and food security are analysed from a range of perspectives. What are the future predictions regarding population increase and climate change, and how will these affect development in Nile Basin countries? What are the current water theories addressing the above issues, and what are the main challenges the Nile Basin countries will face in a context that is also strongly shaped by its history?" --Publisher's description.
Contemporary population changes in north Swedish rural areas
Aging in comparative perspective : processes and policies
Finland in figures 2016.
The conditions of agricultural growth : the economics of agrarian change under population pressure
The Routledge atlas of central Eurasian affairs
State of world population 2009 : facing a changing world: women, population and climate
Finnish yearbook of population research 2007-2008.. 43
Kunnittainen väestöennuste vuoteen 2000 saakka = Prognos över kommunernas befolkning till år 2000 = Projection of population in the communes to the year 2000.
In agrarian economies arable land is the most important form of property and productive resource, so that access to land defines the political and social status of a member of society. This paper examines changes in property and particularly land use rights in North-Central Namibia, paying special reference to gender inequality in access to land. The problem is approached by exploring the coping strategies of widowed and divorced persons after the dissolution of their marriage. Where property rights and gender inequality have traditionally been investigated on the basis of administrative records, survey data or oral information, this paper approaches such problems from a new perspective, through life histories of the Christian population transcribed from parish registers of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia. Linking of the parish register data to anthropological, ethnographic, socio-economic and cultural information markedly widens our scope for discussing rights over communal lands. The paper shows that remarriage was a real solution for many widows and divorced women in the 1930s and 1940s if they were at the best childbearing age. A dramatic decrease in the remarriage rate occurred from the mid-1950s onwards, however, which was related to socio-economic changes in society.
Women and marital breakdown in South India : reconstructing homes, bonds and persons
Developed countries throughout the world are experiencing population ageing and the new challenges that arise from this change in the national demographic. The phenomenon of an ageing population has necessitated policy reform regarding the role of the state in providing income in retirement and the whole wider social meaning of later life. The politics of ageing have become a key issue for young and old voters alike as well as those who seek to represent them. Politicians carefully consider strategies for developing relationships with older voters in the context of both policy decisions and campaigns as issues that directly affect an ageing population often prove crucial in local and national election campaigns. "Going Grey" provides insight into how ageing and the increased proportion of older voters is being framed by the media. It investigates emerging discourses on the topic founded on economic pessimism and predictions of inter-generational conflict. By bringing together political communication and media discourses and placing them within the wider context of an ageist society this unique contribution demands us to re-think how the media portray and frame later life and examines the strategic electoral dilemmas facing political parties today. It provides an original and timely resource for scholars, students and general readers interested in understanding more about the mediation of, and the strategic campaign responses to, rapidly ageing populations.
Väentiheys 1970 : Suomi 1:1000000 = Folktäthet 1970 : Finland 1:1000000 = Population density 1970 : Finland 1:1000000
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2004:1
Eruption pattern and occlusal development of the permanent dentition among different population and ethnic groups
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of statistics. 2004:3
Going gray : the mediation of politics in an ageing society
Social indicators study of Alaskan coastal villages. 1 vol. 1, Key informant summaries : Schedule A regions (North Slope, NANA, Calista, Aleutian-Pribilof)
Tuva : lûdi, gory, tradicii = Tuva : people, mountains, tradition
Suomen virallinen tilasto : 6 B = Finlands officiella statistik = Official statistics of Finland. 121(1965), Kuolemansyyt = Dödsorsaker = Causes of death in Finland
Indifferent Gender Preferences among Childless Beijing Citizens
Port entries of Finnish nationals to Buenos Aires, Argentina, in 1886-1940
Demographic situation in Latvia
The population of Hungary
The demographic structures and settlement patterns of Finland have evolved during the past 10,000 years. During this time the population has grown to its present size of almost 5.2 million through phases of fast and slow increase, and occasional periods of decrease.Changes in the settlement pattern have accompanied the population growth. From the twelfth to the middle of the twentieth century, the general trend was a continuous dispersion of settlement from the southern core areas. The most significant twentieth-century redistributions of the population happened in connection with the resettling of over 400,000 refugees after World War II, and the Great Move in the 1960s and 1970s from rural to urban areas and to Sweden.Finland remained a predominantly rural country until the 1960s. Structural changes within primary production and an increasingly international economy set into motion a regional concentration of the population. Today over 80 percent of the population lives in densely built areas covering only 2.2 percent of the land area.The population's age structure and the current level of natural reproduction will lead to a fast population decrease beginning in the 2020s. The work force will decrease from 2010 onward. These demographic problems will damage the future economy and competitiveness of Finland, unless immigration is encouraged and actively supported.
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2010.
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 29
World population trends
Population and demographic developments in the West Bank and Gaza Strip until 1990
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2000.
Population atlas, India
Concise report on the world population situation in 1977 : new beginnings and uncertain ends
Arctic social indicators : ASI II: implementation
Distribution of population in Southern Finland 1950 according to the census 31.12.1950
World population : 2000
Are there ecological limits to population?
