http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4203 further vocational qualifications
further vocational qualifications
Marketing commincation plan for the degree of vocational qualification in business and administration
Competence-based qualifications 1st January 1999
How to improve the business double degree program between Oulu University of Applied Sciences and Neu-Ulm University of Applied Sciences
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : study guide 2007-2008 : for international students
Efficiency of International Degree Programmes' Marketing
A look at two of the industry's leaders
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : study guide 2009-2010 : for international students
Working as a registered nurse in Finland
Equal, but different : an evaluate of the postgraduate polytechnic experiment in Finland : final report
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic, University of Applied Sciences, International Studies [esite]
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic, Finland, International Studies [esite]
Descriptions of Finnish vocational qualifications in Finnish, Swedish, English, German and French. Technology. 2 : heating and ventilation technology, construction technology, land survey technology, wood technology, surface treatment technology, process and laboratory technology
Descriptions of Finnish vocational qualifications in Finnish, Swedish, English, German and French. Technology. 3 : textile and clothing technology, craphics technology, seafaring, separate study lines
IMO 'white list' sortered
Competence-based qualification guide
Vocational qualification in business and administration
Competence-based qualifications 1st January 2008
Integrating GAFE cloud service, working life and Master education
Descriptions of Finnish vocational qualifications in Finnish, Swedish, English, German and French. Technology. 1 : vehicles and transportation, machinery and metal technology, electrical engineering
Teachers as bridge builders between education and working life in master's degree education in future
Competence-based qualifications 1st January 2002
Polytechnic education
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
European reference levels for education and training promoting credit transfer and mutual trust : study commissioned to the Qualifications and Curriculum Authority, England
Abstract: Easier acquisition of work-based learning places.
The purpose of this study is to provide an updated marketing communication plan for Tampere College concerning their new line of education: Vocational Qualification in Business and Administration. The main goal is to structure a practical as well as efficient strategy based on the communication objectives of the organization. This is to be implemented with such communication tools that are found suitable and, which assist with developing the actual marketing communication plan. Primary data was collected by an e-survey, which was directed towards the attended target audience, the 9th graders in the Pirkanmaa area. The information sought were the needs and wants of the target audience. In a more detail manner the information gathered was based on the awareness of the 9th graders towards this particular line of education, how they would see appropriate to improve its' marketing and which channels of communication should be used. The survey was sent to four schools via e-mail and the final amount of responses reached 91. In the study the research method used was quantitative. The theory part of the thesis focuses mainly on the general side of marketing communication and its effects towards the society as well as to the theory behind the marketing communication plan framework (MCFP). In the empirical part of this study the results are been processed and derived as practical conclusions. When analyzing the results it became evident that there was a need for up-dating the marketing communication plan in the parts of the new line of education. Based on the results there wasn't enough attention given to the online approach, even though the tar-get audience in question consists of youngsters aged fifteen. When analyzing the information together with the background information gotten through interviews, the conclusion was evident: to be able to achieve the optimal outcome the use of Internet has to be taken into its fullest.  From the youngsters' perspective the emphasis is to be given to Internet and its services. Due to this the conclusion of this study is to emphasize the online approach, however, not forgetting the importance of the off-line media as well.
Hard skills or soft skills? Findings about importance of various skills in work
Vocational qualification in social and health care : practical nurse
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Competence-based qualifications 1st January 2007
Competence-based qualifications 1st January 2001.
Vocational qualification in business and administration, merkonomi : national core curriculum in business and administration on the upper secondary level
Competence-based qualifications : information to examination boards and institutions arranging examinations
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic : study guide 2005-2006
Thesis guide : master's degrees
Vocational qualification in hotel and restaurant services
Vocational qualification in hairdressing
Study in Kemi-Tornio, Finland : Business management, Business information technology, Nursing, Social services
Vocational qualification in chemical engineering
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : study guide 2010-2011 : for international students
Internationalization of the curricula of master programmes at Finnish universities of applied sciences
VET in Finland : Leonardo da Vinci: promoting development and cooperation in vocational education and training
Competence-based qualifications 1st January 2006
Vocational qualification in the tourism industry
International degree student guidance and counselling : supporting the international student community at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Efficiency of International Degree Programmes' marketing
A wilderness and nature guide is a jack of all trades
A European area of lifelong learning
Ammatilliset oppilaitokset = Yrkesläroanstalterna = Vocational education. 1982
From intercultural encounters to interprofessional development : osa valtakunnallista YAMK-koulutus vahvaksi TKI-vaikuttajaksi -hanketta = a part of national network project Creating strong R&D profile for master's degree programmes
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : study guide 2008-2009 : for international students
Assessing and certifying occupational skills and competences in vocational education and training
The implications of using skills tests as basis for a national evaluation system in Finland : outcomes from a pilot evaluation in 2002-2003 in Finland
Vocational qualifications in the school-based system in Finland
Foreign degree students of UAS Seinäjoki Business School: : Motives for choosing Finland and UAS Seinäjoki
Polytechnic education in Finland : background report
Competence-based qualifications 1st January 2000
Producing and certifying vocational qualifications : [international workshop in Jyväskylä, Finland 15-17., June 1993]
Competence-based qualifications 1st January 2005
Descriptions of Finnish vocational qualifications in Finnish, Swedish, English, German and French. Catering and hotel services, private and institutional economics, food and dairy industry
Descriptions of Finnish vocational qualifications in Finnish, Swedish, English, German and French. Culture : crafts and design, media culture
Working life correspondence of the curriculum in the Degree Programme in Facility Management
Work-based learning : prospects and challenges
Competence map for workplace instructors
Love and forgiveness in the global community : designing Master's Degree in Global Health Care - Master of Health Care
BBA students' opinions about their motivation to pursue to management level
Quality handbook of higher education in Finland and Russia
European approaches to credit (transfer) systems in VET : an assessment of the applicability of existing credit systems to a European credit (transfer) system for vocational education and training (ECVET)
European glossary on education. Vol. 1, Examinations, qualifications and titles
Professions and professionalization
Report on development of foreign language degree programmes of Eastern Finnish polytechnics
The world is becoming ever more international and graduates are expected to have international experience in order to make it in the world and to distinguish them from the other job applicants. The double degree program is a way for universities to answer to this growing need. The international double degree is a program where students will gain two degree diplomas by studying at two different universities in two different countries during the same time as it would normally take them to finish only one degree. This Bachelor’s Thesis focuses on finding the challenges in the business double degree program between Oulu University of Applied Sciences and Neu-Ulm University of Applied Sciences. The program consists of two parts, where the student will firstly spend two years at the home university and then transfer for 18 months to the partner university. Through this program the student will be awarded with a Bachelor of Business Administration from Oulu and a Bachelor of Arts from Neu-Ulm. The focus of this study is towards the exchange period of Oulu students in Neu-Ulm. A benchmarking study with the Technische Universität München and with the University of Mannheim was established to compare the selection process and the curriculum of the business double degree program. In addition, interviews were conducted with the business double degree students, double degree coordinators and with the International Offices of both universities. Through these, strengths and challenges were gathered.It became clear that the current program has challenges in the information flow, selection process, in the requirements for German language from students from Oulu and the current procedure concerning the repeat examinations. The author recommended ways in which these aspects could be developed, such as establishing a common information platform available for everyone in contact with the double degree and offering the students the possibility to do repeat examinations in their home university. Furthermore, the selection process and criteria should be jointly agreed upon and the requirements for the high level of German knowledge should be reexamined. Through these actions the program could be improved further. There also rose a need for more research made about the double degrees in general as well as a follow-up survey in this business double degree program once there are more students taking part in it. Furthermore, a global research on the best-of-class double degree program should be conducted.
Evaluating language proficiency for a vocational qualification
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
National evaluation data based on vocational skills demonstrations : Koppi-project 2002-2007 : project for developing a national system of evaluating educational outcomes based on skills demonstrations
Equal, but different : an evaluation of the postgraduate polytechnic experiment in Finland : final report
Agora-1 : raising the level of diplomas and their distribution on the labour market: the lessons of the past and prospects for the future
We have evidence! : how vocational skills demonstrations have been implemented in practice : summary
Hotel and catering education in Britain
Support Services for International Degree Students
Sustainability focused Master Degree Programme and Master's Thesis
Competence-based qualifications 1st January 2004
APL : equal opportunities for all?
Vocational qualification in beauty care
Introduction:  A close connection with working life is one of the main emphases in universities of applied sciences in Finland. This goal can be achieved e.g. by developing the contacts between research, development work and innovation (RDI) and teaching.  Creating a strong RDI profile for Master's degree programmes Finnish Ministry of Education and Culture launched a nationwide project in 2013-2015. The aims of the project are, for example, to bring teaching and workplaces closer together, to support networking and to transfer knowledge and competence between higher education institutions and workplaces. The tripartite model, which means partnership of students, teachers and representatives of working life, is a framework for all research and development.    This paper presents the results of one study which was done in this project.     The main focus is:  1) to describe and forecast how the role of the teachers will be shared with students and workplace experts in the future, and   2) to clarify the new roles and characteristics of future teachers as an important part of intensifying many-sided cooperation.     The theoretical background and literature review of that study consist of partnership, cooperation and network.  Methodology and results    Four Finnish universities of applied sciences participated in the research project collecting data by using Mill Model, innovation and co-creation method working in five workshops. The basic idea of the Idea Mill Model is to gather a general summary of ideas written down in the groups finding common answers to the questions about future teachership.    The informants participating in the workshops had gained several years of experience in Master's degree program, RDI activities or teaching. They had been invited to paying attention to a tripartite model forms from cooperation of student, mentor and teacher tutor. The themes based on research questions were discussed in the workshops. The data were analysed with content analysis. The number of participants in different workshops was between 12-26 persons.    The teacher of Master programme should have, for example, good knowledge and know-how in partnership, work experience as well as a multidisciplinary approach. The teacher has to be flexible, international and he/she should have the willingness and ability to use technical tools. The teacher's role and competences will vary depending on different situations in partnership.    The research produces multifaceted and deep new information about a cooperative teacher who is working closer with working life and building bridges between education in universities and in industry. In our article we will present the results of the study which will show what are the competences, knowledge and know-how of a master's programme teacher to act as a teacher as bridge builder connecting teaching and RDI. The results could be used to develop cooperation between universities and working life.
Unescon kansainvälinen koulutusluokitus ISCED 1997 : suomalainen soveltamisopas : liite 1 Koulutusluokitus 1997:ään = Unesco's international standard classification of education ISCED 1997 : Finnish implementation manual : appendix 1 to the Finnish standard classification of education 1997.
Vocational qualification in aircraft maintenance
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic : study guide 2004-2005
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Double Degree Programmes in the Internationalisation in Higher Education Institutions : Case Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences,  Business School
Competence-based qualifications 1st January 2003
"So much more  than just a web course"
