http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4214 shame
shame
Saving shame : martyrs, saints, and other abject subjects
Shame and its sisters : a Silvan Tomkins reader
Is shame necessary? : new uses for an old tool
Shame and the self
The solitude of prime numbers
Redefining Elizabethan literature
Prudes, perverts, and tyrants : Plato's Gorgias and the politics of shame
Patient initiatives in psychiatric care concerning shame in the discussion in co-operative team meetings
The miseducation of Cameron Post
When she woke
Honorable Shame, Shameful Honor : Conceptualizing shame among early Christian martyrs and ascetics
"For better and for worse, or until..." : on divorce and guilt
The widening scope of shame
On shame and the search for identity
So you've been publicly shamed
The island
John Toland and the Deist controversy : a study in adaptations
Honour and conflict in the ancient world : 1 Corinthians in its Greco-Roman social setting
Shame & grace : healing the shame we don't deserve
A mother apart : how to let go of guilt & find happiness living apart from your child
Coming out of shame : transforming gay and lesbian lives
Shame and the captives
Self and other : exploring subjectivity, empathy, and shame
In defense of shame : the faces of an emotion
The depleted self : sin in a narcissistic age
Daring greatly : how the courage to be vulnerable transforms the way we live, love, parent, and lead
A pioneer in queer theory and literary studies, Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick brings together for the first time in Touching Feeling her most powerful explorations of emotion and expression. In essays that show how her groundbreaking work in queer theory has developed into a deep interest in affect, Sedgwick offers what she calls "tools and techniques for nondualistic thought," in the process touching and transforming such theoretical discourses as psychoanalysis, speech-act theory, Western Buddhism, and the Foucauldian "hermeneutics of suspicion." In prose sometimes somber, often high-spirited, and always accessible and moving, Touching Feeling interrogates - through virtuoso readings of works by Henry James, J. L. Austin, Judith Butler, the psychologist Silvan Tomkins and others - emotion in many forms. What links the work of teaching to the experience of illness? How can shame become an engine for queer politics, performance, and pleasure? Is sexuality more like an affect or a drive? Is paranoia the only realistic epistemology for modern intellectuals? Ultimately, Sedgwick's unfashionable commitment to the truth of happiness propels a book as open-hearted as it is intellectually daring.
On productive shame, reconciliation and agency
Shame : the human nemesis
Honour and shame : the values of Mediterranean society
E pluribus unum : scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Restoring the shamed : towards a theology of shame
A man in love. My struggle book 2
Places of pain and shame : dealing with "difficult heritage"
Shame in context
Countertransference and the treatment of trauma
The lollipop knight
Touching feeling : affect, pedagogy, performativity
Shame and guilt : a key to cross-cultural ministry
Zoo city
Stigma : notes on the management of spoiled identity
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
With a summary in Swedish.
Queer attachments : the cultural politics of shame
Murder in the name of honour : the true story of one woman's heroic fight against an unbelievable crime
Self-consciousness and social anxiety
Challenged lives : a medical anthropological study of leprosy in Nepal
Coping with guilt and shame : narrative approach
Guilt, shame, and anxiety : understanding and overcoming negative emotions
Straight jacket : how to be gay and happy
Shame : interpersonal behavior, psychopathology, and culture
Stigma and mental illness
Shame and philosophy : an investigation in the philosophy of emotions and ethics
Through a study of Plato's Gorgias, this title shows that contemporary conceptions of shame are far too narrow. It develops an account of a different kind of shame, which the author calls 'respectful shame' and argues that this type of shame is just as important to contemporary democracy as it was to its ancient form.
Shame management through reintegration
Is human forgiveness possible? : a pastoral care perspective
The nature, origins, and consequences of Finnish shame-proneness : a grounded theory study
How to escape from guilt and shame
On shame
The book of laughter and forgetting
Death by despair : shame and suicide
The outcast
Avoiding communication : shyness, reticence, and communication apprehension
Shame and guilt : sociology as a poietic system
Shame : theory, therapy, theology
Olive and the embarrassing hat
In the early 1990s, when gay teenager Cameron Post rebels against her conservative Montana ranch town and her family decides she needs to change her ways, she is sent to a gay conversion therapy center. – WorldCat.
The Greeks and the irrational
Masculinity, motherhood, and mockery : psychoanalyzing culture and the Iatmul Naven rite in New Guinea
The power of shame : a rational perspective
The event of postcolonial shame
Shame and the origins of self-esteem : a Jungian approach
Shame : the power of caring
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Emotions and violence : shame and rage in destructive conflicts
Places of Pain and Shame is a cross-cultural study of sites that represent painful and/or shameful episodes in a national or local community's history, and the ways that government agencies, heritage professionals and the communities themselves seek to remember, commemorate and conserve these cases - or, conversely, choose to forget them. Such episodes and locations include: massacre and genocide sites, places related to prisoners of war, civil and political prisons, and places of 'benevolent' internment such as leper colonies and lunatic asylums. These sites bring shame upon us now for the cruelty and futility the events that occurred within them and the ideologies they represented.
Of sound and mind : papers on deafness, personality and mental health
Bullying : the social destruction of self
More or less than human : the influence of shame on psychological distress
Boricua pop : Puerto Ricans and the latinization of American culture
Shame in the therapy hour
Can you be a self on your own or only together with others? Is selfhood a built-in feature of experience or rather socially constructed? How do we at all come to understand others? Does empathy amount to and allow for a distinct experiential acquaintance with others, and if so, what does that tell us about the nature of selfhood and social cognition? Does a strong emphasis on the first-personal character of consciousness prohibit a satisfactory account of intersubjectivity or is the former rather a necessary requirement for the latter? Engaging with debates and findings in classical phenomenology, in philosophy of mind and in various empirical disciplines, Dan Zahavi's new book Self and Other offers answers to these questions. Discussing such diverse topics as self-consciousness, phenomenal externalism, mindless coping, mirror self-recognition, autism, theory of mind, embodied simulation, joint attention, shame, time-consciousness, embodiment, narrativity, self-disorders, expressivity and Buddhist no-self accounts, Zahavi argues that any theory of consciousness that wishes to take the subjective dimension of our experiential life serious must endorse a minimalist notion of self. At the same time, however, he also contends that an adequate account of the self has to recognize its multifaceted character, and that various complementary accounts must be integrated, if we are to do justice to its complexity. Thus, while arguing that the most fundamental level of selfhood is not socially constructed and not constitutively dependent upon others, Zahavi also acknowledges that there are dimensions of the self and types of self-experience that are other-mediated. The final part of the book exemplifies this claim through a close analysis of shame.
Shame and guilt
Shame-less lives, grace-full congregations
Sexual shame : an urgent call to healing
Shame and sexuality : psychoanalysis and visual culture
Stigma and Shame of HIV/AIDS in the Life Stories of Alpha Group
Saving face : enfacement, shame, theology
Embodied shame : uncovering female shame in contemporary women's writings
Anger and optimal performance in karate : an application of the IZOF model
The body embarrassed : drama and the disciplines of shame in early modern England
Studies in contemporary social anthropology have noted the importance of male honour and how this is able to generate ideas of social identity within a community and to elucidate patterns of social behaviour. Finney examines the letter of 1 Corinthians, which presents a unique expos ǒf numerous aspects of social life in the first-century Greco-Roman world where honour was of central importance. At the same time, filotimia (the love and lust for honour) also had the capacity to generate an environment of competition, antagonism, factionalism, and conflict, all of which are clearly evident within the pages of 1 Corinthians. Finney seeks to examine the extent to which the social constraints of filotimia, and its potential for conflict, lay behind the many problems evident within the nascent Christ-movement at Corinth. Finney presents a fresh reading of the letter, and the thesis it proposes is that the honour-conflict model, hitherto overlooked in studies on 1 Corinthians, provides an appropriate and compelling framework within which to view the many disparate aspects of the letter in their social context.
The shame experience
The psychology of shame : theory and treatment of shame-based syndromes
Grace for shame : the forgotten gospel
Shame between punishment and penance = La honte entre peine et pénitence
Gunantuna : aspects of the person, the self and the individual among the Tolai
With the rise of pride - national pride, gay pride, black pride, fat pride - shame, the "sickness of the soul," has acquired a bad reputation. While the repudiation of some forms and consequences of societal shame are undoubtedly necessary, Elspeth Probyn contends that this emotion is a powerful resource in rethinking who we are and who we want to be. When we blush, we are driven to question what we value about ourselves and why. Blush argues that we are all born with a capacity for shame, much as we are born with the capacity for anger or pride, and that shame, like these other emotions, can be good for us and reveal the good in us. Painfully introspective, shame demands that we question our actions and our relationship to others. Shame's physical manifestation - the blush - gives us away, connecting us to our humanity. What shames us says a great deal about our character as individuals and as a society, about our past and our desires for the future. Written in an engaging and personal style, Blush combines psychology and cultural criticism, sociology and popular science, to present a unique perspective on debates about the ethics and emotion of identity.
The meaning of things : applying philosophy to life
The many faces of shame
Working with emotions in psychotherapy
Shame : the underside of narcissism
Psychological dimensions of the self
The voice of shame : silence and connection in psychotherapy
Shame : the exposed self
Children of hope : a survivor's story
Transforming shame : a pastoral response
Blush : faces of shame
Daring greatly : how the courage to be vulnerable transforms the way we live, love, parent and lead
An ethnography of the Gospel of Matthew : a critical assessment of the use of the honour and shame model in New Testament studies
Please don't call me human
Shame : a faith perspective
Moral origins : the evolution of virtue, altruism, and shame
Self-conscious emotions : the psychology of shame, guilt, embarrassment, and pride
The velvet rage : overcoming the pain of growing up gay in a straight man's world
Shame, exposure, and privacy
Nathalia Buttface and the most embarrassing dad in the world
After the fall : resurrecting your life from shame, disgrace, and guilt
The experiences of shame and guilt in Finland and Colombia
And they felt no shame : Christians reclaiming their sexuality
Belonging and genocide : Hitler's community, 1918-1945
Only one life
The experience of shame in Melanesia : an essay in the anthropology of affect
Poverty and shame : global experiences
The mirror dance : identity in a women's community
Shame and desire : intersubjectivity in Finnish visual culture
A dark trace : Sigmund Freud on the sense of guilt
The ice princess
Shame and jealousy : the hidden turmoils
Counselling skills for working with shame
Sensuality and sexuality across the divide of shame
