http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4213 honour (properties)
honour (properties)
Making way for genius : the aspiring self in France from the old regime to the new
"Civilized with death" : civility, duelling and honour in Elizabethan England
The defamation law of the United States of America
United states military medals and decorations
Abstract.
Moral landscapes in Southern Italy
The Second Sophistic (c.AD 60-250) was a time of intense competition for honour and status. Like today, this often caused mental as well as physical stress for the elite of the Roman Empire. This book, which transcends the boundaries between literature, social history, and philosophy, studies Plutarch's practical ethics, a group of twenty-odd texts within the Moralia designed to help powerful Greeks and Romans manage their ambitions and society's expectations successfully. Lieve Van Hoof combines a systematic analysis of the general principles underlying Plutarch's practical ethics, including the author's target readership, therapeutical practices, and self-presentation, with five innovative case studies. A picture emerges of philosophy under the Roman Empire not as a set of abstract, theoretical doctrines, but as a kind of symbolic capital engendering power and prestige for author and reader alike.
The return of the king
Orders and decorations of the Netherlands
Honour among sages : flattening one's rivals with words
Public declamations : essays on medieval rhetoric, education, and letters in honour of Martin Camargo
Bibliography of orders and decorations : by C. P. Mulder and A. A. Purves
Badges and insignia of the Third Reich 1933-1945
In defense of honor : sexual morality, modernity, and nation in early-twentieth century Brazil
In Celebration of Mihai Eminescu
The wandering falcon
Martyrdom and noble death : selected texts from Graeco-Roman, Jewish, and Christian antiquity
The taming of the samurai : honorific individualism and the making of modern Japan
Death spiral
The rich boy
Epigraphy, philology, and the Hebrew Bible : methodological perspectives on philological and comparative study of the Hebrew Bible in honor of Jo Ann Hackett
The lord of the rings
Reading semiotically against the backdrop of medieval mirrors of princes, Arthurian narratives, and chronicles, this study examines how René d'Anjou (1409-1480), Geoffrey Chaucer's House of Fame (ca. 1375-1380), and Edward the Black Prince (1330-1376) explore fame's visual power. While very different in approach, they all three reject the classical suggestion that fame is bestowed; challenge or nuance the attraction held by the unpredictable goddess; and understand that particularly in positions of leadership, it is necessary to communicate effectively with audiences in order to secure fame. Thus, they shed light on fame's intoxicating but deceptively simple promise of elite glory.
Killing honour
AVERS. 2, Sovetskie znaki i žetony : katalog dlâ kollekcionerov : Soviet badges and jetons : catalogue for collectors : price guide
Death in the afternoon
"In this book Alexander Welsh considers the history and meaning of honor and dismisses the idea that we live in a post-honor culture. He notes that we have words other than honor, such as respect, self-respect, and personal identity, that show we do indeed care deeply continuing process of respect that continuing process of respect that motivates or constrains members of a peer group. Honor's dictates function as moral imperatives." "Surprisingly, little systematic study of the history of honor in Western culture has been attempted. Offering a welcome remedy, Welsh provides a genealogy of approaches to the subject, mining some of the most influential texts of the Western tradition."--BOOK JACKET.
Knight's shadow
Orders and decorations of all nations : ancient and modern civil and military
Disgraced
This book examines violence in its social setting, and especially as an essential element in the heroic system of exchange (sometimes called the Economy of Honour). It situates Beowulf in a northern European culture where violence was not stigmatized as evidence of a breakdown in social order but rather was seen as a reasonable way to get things done; where kings and their retainers saw themselves above all as warriors whose chief occupation was the pursuit of honour; and where most successful kings were those perceived as most predatory"--P. [4] of cover.
Military collectables : an international directory of twentieth-century militaria
Jackboot : the story of the German soldier
Lord Jim
The company of strangers : a natural history of economic life
Things I wish I'd known
The theme of honour's tongue : a study of social attitudes in the English drama from Shakespeare to Dryden
The lord of the rings. Part 2, The two towers
Legacies of violence : history, society, and the state in Sardinia
AVERS. 3, Carskie nagrady, znaki, žetony i atributika : katalog dlâ kollekcionerov : Tzar's awards, badges, jettons and attributes : catalogue for collectors : price guide
The attack
Selves in time and place : identities, experience, and history in Nepal
Visual power and fame in René d'Anjou, Geoffrey Chaucer, and the Black Prince
Traitor's blade
Tournaments of value : sociability and hierarchy in a Yemeni town
Honour, exchange and violence in beowulf
The lord of the rings. Part three : The return of the king
Honor in political and moral philosophy
Ambition, a history : from vice to virtue
Gossip, social knowledge, and the process of social stigmatisation
The lord of the rings. Part 3, The return of the king
The iron cross : a history 1813-1957
A polite exchange of bullets : the duel and the English gentleman, 1750-1850
Explores why minor slights to certain kinds of gentlemen led to duels in order for honour to be satisfied, and how such ideas about honour changed over time.
Honor & slavery : lies, duels, noses, masks, dressing as a woman, gifts, strangers, humanitarianism, death, slave rebellions, the proslavery argument, baseball, hunting, and gambling in the Old South
The arc of ambition : defining the leadership journey
"Honour" : crimes, paradigms, and violence against women
Honour killing : stories of men who killed
Murder in the name of honour : the true story of one woman's heroic fight against an unbelievable crime
The V. C. and D. S. O. : a complete record of all those officers, non-commissioned officers and men of His Majesty's naval, military and air forces who have been awarded these decorations from the time of their institution, with descriptions of the deeds and services which won the distinctions and with many biographical and other details. Vol. 1, The Victoria Cross 1856-1920
A Venetian island : environment, history and change in Burano
The ice princess
By honor bound : state and society in early modern Russia
Honor and grace in anthropology
Sex crimes, honour, and the law in early modern Spain : Vizcaya, 1528-1735
The fellowship of the ring : being the first part of The lord of the rings
E pluribus unum : scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Mark's portrayal of Jesus simultaneously shows his ability to provide favors and benefits to others and his refusal to put himself forward or draw attention to himself as a benefactor, thereby teaching that in God's kingdom it is not the great and powerful who are most highly regarded, but the humble. Mark's depiction of Jesus is part of a larger effort to promote a radically different understanding of honor within the family of faith. --from publisher description.
Legacy of the drow
Order and disorder in early modern England
The lord of the rings. Part two : The two towers
The sirens of Baghdad : a novel
Only one life
Thomas Hobbes : turning point for honor
The history of the order of the Bath and its insignia
”It is a long process and it will take time but it does not mean that it is impossible – it is possible!” : experiences of workers from three projects in prevention of honour-related violence among patriarchal immigrant communities in Finland
Latvijas valsts apbalvojumi : The state decorations of Latvia
Measure of good and evil : The role of the author in Graham Greene's The Power and the Glory
Ordena Russii = The orders of Russia
Yakuza moon : The true story of a gangster's daughter. [The manga edition]
What is honor? : a question of moral imperatives
Honour and conflict in the ancient world : 1 Corinthians in its Greco-Roman social setting
Studies in contemporary social anthropology have noted the importance of male honour and how this is able to generate ideas of social identity within a community and to elucidate patterns of social behaviour. Finney examines the letter of 1 Corinthians, which presents a unique expos ǒf numerous aspects of social life in the first-century Greco-Roman world where honour was of central importance. At the same time, filotimia (the love and lust for honour) also had the capacity to generate an environment of competition, antagonism, factionalism, and conflict, all of which are clearly evident within the pages of 1 Corinthians. Finney seeks to examine the extent to which the social constraints of filotimia, and its potential for conflict, lay behind the many problems evident within the nascent Christ-movement at Corinth. Finney presents a fresh reading of the letter, and the thesis it proposes is that the honour-conflict model, hitherto overlooked in studies on 1 Corinthians, provides an appropriate and compelling framework within which to view the many disparate aspects of the letter in their social context.
Game of thrones and philosophy : logic cuts deeper than swords
'Honour' killing and violence : theory, policy and practice
Chester's back!
Yakuza moon : true story of a gangster's daughter
The politics and culture of honour in Britain and Ireland, 1541-1641
Honor and shame in the Gospel of Matthew
Generosity and jealousy : the Swat Pukhtun of Northern Pakistan
The anthropology of Europe : identity and boundaries in conflict
Honour in African history
Honor
Gatley on libel and slander
The fellowship of the Ring
Orders & medals of Japan and associated states
Roman honor : the fire in the bones
Southern honor : ethics and behavior in the Old South
Despising shame : honor discourse and community maintenance in the Epistle to the Hebrews
Gallantry medals & decorations of the world
The lord of the rings. [Part 3] : The return of the king
Jettons of imperial Russia
The lord of the rings. Part 2 : The two towers
Plutarch's practical ethics : the social dynamics of philosophy
Kleos in a minor key : the Homeric education of a little prince
So you've been publicly shamed
Men of honour : a social and cultural history of the duel
Earth and ashes
We are not ourselves : a novel
Orders and decorations
Shame or honour?
The orders, medals and history of Greece
Children of hope : a survivor's story
Earth & ashes
Black wolves
"If my daughter runs away, I will drink poison" : (In)dividual honour and the gendered nature of child marriage in southern Rajasthan, India
The lord of the rings. Part 3 : The return of the king
The cross on the sword : supplement to Orders of knighthood, awards and the Holy See
Ordena sovetskih respublik = Orders of soviet republics
Honour and shame : the values of Mediterranean society
Honor for us : a philosophical analysis, interpretation and defense
Spring flowers, spring frost
Sacrificing the self : perspectives on martyrdom and religion
Honor among Christians : the cultural key to the Messianic secret
The emperor's knives
Honor bound : how a cultural ideal has shaped the American psyche
An ethnography of the Gospel of Matthew : a critical assessment of the use of the honour and shame model in New Testament studies
Orders, decorations, and medals of the kingdom of Nepal
