http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4217 multisectorality
multisectorality
The experience economy
Entrepreneurship is increasingly being included as a component in higher education and training curriculum internationally. This paper introduces a multidisciplinary studio model, called LAB studio model, for higher education established at the Oulu University of Applied Sciences (OUAS) in Finland. This LAB studio model is theoretically grounded in a constructivist view of learning with problem-based education at its core and draws from traditional studio models for training (Schön, 1987). Furthermore, the model merges work-life experience with studio training in a multidisciplinary and multi-professional environment. Using the categories outlined by Bull et al. (2013), this paper compares existing studio training models with the LAB studio model. This comparison suggests that the LAB studio model is more closely aligned with industry needs and work place reality, in contrast to existing studio models, because it focuses on instruction in a competitive structure; integrates experienced professionals and coaches from the industry; includes problems or ideas from industry; and builds multidisciplinary project teams. Overall, it is suggested that the LAB studio model holds promise to more fully integrate entrepreneurial competences in contrast to existing training models. Further research is currently being conducted to explore this hypothesis.
Green care : a conceptual framework / editors: Joe Sempik, Rachel Hine, Deborah Wilcox
Rural marginalisation and multifunctional land use in Finland
Dealing with diversity
Rural income generation and diversification : a case study in Eastern Zambia
Creative interdisciplinarity : engineering, business, and art&design students' collaboration and learning in the International Design Business Management (IDBM) program
Communication, commitment, and collaboration : perspective on ethical reflection in evaluation practice in multiactor networks
Strategic management and competitive advantage : concepts and cases
Precursor : the creativity watchlist
Professionals' experiences with Open Dialogues with young people's social networks - identity, role and teamwork : a qualitative study
An excursion to project hatcheries : students' experiences in multidisciplinary learning projects
Hyperinnovation : multidimensional enterprise in the connected economy
This edited collection was produced to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the journal Comparative Education, one of the most established and prestigious journals in the field. Each chapter was written by a leading scholar of comparative and international education. The collection marks a creative and critical engagement with some of the most important topics in contemporary comparative education, including 'big data', pedagogy, adult education, scholarly mobility, and gender. The theme of 'silences' connects the papers: while comparative education covers the breadth and depth of educational concerns, it has its own obsessions, but which themes do not receive the attention they deserve? This book will be of interest to anyone interested in the theory, method and practice of comparative education today or in its development over the past 50 years. It will be informative to all scholars and graduate students concerned with education in its global contexts. In addition, to those readers who situate themselves within the field of comparative and international education, it offers a unique perspective on this important area of inquiry and the activities, preoccupations, absences and communities within it. This book was originally published as a special issue of Comparative Education.
Venture capitalism for a tropical forest : cocoa in the Mata Atlântica
The invertebrate fauna of boreal forests : aspects of biodiversity and vulnerability
Managing cultural diversity : an empirical examination of cultural networks and organizational structures as governance mechanisms in multinational corporations
Cross-functional teams in new product development
Domestic violence : a multi-professional approach for healthcare practitioners
Diversified farms : junction for the development of agriculture and countryside
Company Diversification Strategies : The Case of BIS Group in London, UK
A new dynamic 2 : effective systems in a circular economy​
The success of the diversified farm : resource-based view
World watch list for domestic animal diversity
Can multiple use of forests safeguard insect diversity?
Barbarians at the gate : the fall of RJR Nabisco
Healing hands : customizing your health team for institutional survival : a review and analysis of multiskilled health practitioner education and employment
Balti Britain : a journey through the British Asian experience
Electronics productisation training near companies
The split entrepreneurial identity of the farmer
Fifty years of comparative education
Multifunctionality of agricultural activities, changing rural identities and new institutional arrangements
Good occupational health practice : a guide for planning and follow-up of occupational health services
Towards leadership and management in guidance and counselling networks in Finland
Does market-entry regulation matter? : competition in television broadcasting and programme diversity in Finland 1993-2002
The Lab Studio Model : Enhancing Entrepreneurship Skills in Higher Education
Innovative professional competences from multidisciplinary learning projects : handbook for project hatchery tutors
(Un)common ground : creative encounters across sectors and disciplines
A man of vision ans action
