http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4224 reimbursement
reimbursement atonement
My name is Earl. Season three
My name is Earl. Season two
The Politics of Reparations and Apologies examines the evolution and dynamics of reparation politics and justice. The volume introduces the key concepts, theories, and terms associated with social movements and in particular, the redress and reparation movement (RRM). Drawing from RRMs that have their foundation in World War II--the German genocides, the United States internments, and the Japanese "comfort women" system-- the volume explores each case study's relative success or failure in achieving its goals and argues that there are overarching trends that can explain success and failure more generally in the RRM movement. Using the backdrop of international criminal law and normative concepts of reparations, the volume establishes and analyzes the roles of reparations and apologies in obtaining transitional justice. In each case study, there is a detailed rundown of the political actions that were attempted to obtain redress and reparation for the victims, of how successful the attempts were, and of the crucial factors which influenced the relative success or failure. Crucially, the volume offers a comparative framework of the actions that contribute to a successful outcome for transitional justice. With the increasing normative expectation of justice in post-conflict situations, this volume is a valuable resource for researchers in international affairs, human rights, political science, and conflict studies. -- Publisher's description.
The politics of reparations and apologies
State liability : tort law and beyond
Studies on filed and compensated claims for patient injuries
Abstract in English.
Breaking the cycles of hatred : memory, law, and repair
Damages and bot : remedies for breach of collective agreements in Nordic law
"Fair compensation" for private copying
The handbook of reparations
The second deadly sin
The age of apology : facing up to the past
My name is Earl. Season four
Crime and punishment
Value added taxation in the European Union and its effects on a refunding company
Taking responsibility for the past : reparation and historical injustice
Complaint management excellence : creating customer loyalty through service recovery
Expatriate compensation and satisfaction : a study of Finnish expatriates in London
Atiyah's Accidents, compensation and the law
Rewarding performance : guiding principles, custom strategies
The virtues of vengeance
Supranational criminal prosecution of sexual violence : the ICC and the practice of the ICTY and the ICTR
Comparative remedies for breach of contract
Calculation of IPR redress in patent, trademark and copyright infringement cases : legal framework, qualitative factors and quantitative methods under Finnish law
Redress for victims of crimes under international law
Does say-on-pay matter? : results from large European banks and the financial crisis
Closing the books : transitional justice in historical perspective
What's in it for me? : an application of agency theory to sales commissions in a global IT company
The reparation system of the International Criminal Court : its implementation, possibilities and limitations
Conversations with Zygmunt Bauman
My name is Earl. Season One
The determinants of CEO compensation in Finnish firms : the impact of family ownership and representation
The impact of performance-based CEO compensation on company performance and valuation : a study of Finnish stock listed “new economy” companies
CEO compensation : a case study
Are CEOs paid for performance in Finland?
Victims' status at international and hybrid criminal courts : victims' status as witnesses, victim participants/civil participants/civil parties and reparations claimants
Historical redress : must we pay for the past?
How to price : a guide to pricing techniques and yield management
Transitional justice and development : making connections
Toinen maailma : (Another earth)
Tax incentives in developing countries and international taxation : a study on the relationship between income tax incentives for inward foreign investment in developing countries and taxation of foreign income in capital-exporting countries
Selling tourism services at a distance : an analysis of the EU consumer acquis
Remorse and reparation
Promoting the right to reparation for survivors of torture : what role for a permanent international criminal court?
