http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4225 environmental history
environmental history
Social ecology : society-nature relations across time and space
Green land, brown land, black land : an environmental history of Africa, 1800-1990
Environments at risk : case histories of impact assessment
The grasslands of the United States : an environmental history
Restoring the connection to the natural world : essays on the African American environmental imagination
New approaches to American studies : environmental history and ecocriticism
Ecology, climate and empire : colonialism and global environmental history, 1400-1940
The atlas of U.S.  and Canadian environmental history
Environmental effects of energy supply in Finland
The nature of Christianity in northern Tanzania : environmental and social change 1890-1916
Water, sanitation and health : the development of the environmental services in four South African cities, 1840-1920
The environmental justice : William O. Douglas and American conservation
Variazioni climatico-ambientali e impatto sull'uomo nell'area circum-mediterranea durante l'Olocene = Climatic-environmental variations and impact on man in the circum-Mediterranean area during the Holocene
History and climate change : a eurocentric perspective
Extinctions in a changing landscape : an environmental history of the bottomland hardwood forest of Southeastern North America
On the Mesolithic environments of Northern Fennoscandia
Modern pollen reference material and its potential applications
Global environmental history : an introductory reader
Animal encounters : human and animal interaction in Britain from the Norman conquest to World War One
Environmental problems in European cities in the 19th and 20th century = Umweltprobleme in europäischen Städten des 19. und 20. Jahrhuderts
"The previous edition has been entirely updated, with new contributions replacing older ones. A distinctive characteristic of this anthology is the range of interpretations of classic and recent research. This book offers a full specturm of emotionally charged theories. Each section presents a set of conflicting arguments to show the state of debates on these highly controversial issues. Extensive commentary by the editors leads the reader through this treasury of theories and dramatically highlights the development of the field"--Provided by the publisher.
Mediterranean mountain environments
The long summer : how climate changed civilization
The Big Muddy : an environmental history of the Mississippi and its peoples, from Hernando de Soto to Hurricane Katrina
Environmental history : a new discipline with long traditions
The paradigm of forests and the survival of the fittest
The problem of nature : environment, culture and European expansion
This delta, this land : an environmental history of the Yazoo-Mississippi floodplain
Dendroclimatology : progress and prospects
Northeast and Midwest United States : an environmental history
The Columbia guide to American environmental history
Deserted lands and tenements in Hattula and Porvoo to 1607
Water fountains in the worldscape
Fields in the English landscape
Water : nature and culture
Arming Mother Nature : the birth of catastrophic environmentalism
The story of N : a social history of the nitrogen cycle and the challenge of sustainability
Kulturelle Konsequenzen der "Kleinen Eiszeit" = Cultural consequences of the "Little Ice Age"
Man and the Baltic Sea
"Home in the big forest" : decline of the Ivory-billed Woodpecker and its habitat in the United States
Proceedings of the third International Hindu Kush Cultural Conference
Nature of the miracle years : conservation in West Germany, 1945-1975
Moving away from the subcontinental Indian mainland to the varied social ecologies of Sylhet, Cachar, Manipur, Jaintia, and Khasi Hills, this study offers a much-needed reframing of regional histories of South Asia. It explores the unsettled half-century from the 1790s to the 1830s when the British East India Company, in its attempt to control commercial trade routes connecting India, Burma, and China, strove to establish a colonial administration over the north-eastern frontiers. A region where the river courses shifted and cultivated fields turned into lakes in the monsoons, and seasonal changes required highly flexible and varied livelihood strategies, the East India Company stepped into the shoes of the existing Mughal administration with great difficulty. The book explores both the enabling and constraining conditions of climate and ecology to understand the role of daily administration in shaping subject formation. Challenging the conventional understanding of the founding of the colonial state in India, it reconnects histories of space and polities to provide rare insights into the lesser-known formative years of the East India Company rule.
Discovering nature : globalization and environmental culture in China and Taiwan
Istoriko-biologitšeskie issledovanija = Studies in the history of biology. Tom 2, No. 4 (2010)
James Bay : the plot to drown the North Woods
Make it a green peace! : the rise of countercultural environmentalism
Fossil capital : the rise of steam power and the roots of global warming
Negotiating spaces on the common ground : selected papers of the 3rd and 4th International Tartu Conferences on North-American Studies
Invaluable trees : cultures of nature, 1660-1830
Life on the edge : human settlement and marginality
Environmental history of early India : a reader
Summary: Historical abstracts (Santa Barbara, Cal.) 24 A (1978) s. 588.
Environmental history : a concise introduction
Founding an empire on India's north-eastern frontiers, 1790-1840 : climate, commerce, polity
History for the 21st century : environmental historiography in the United States and Finland
Social history & African environments
The world household : Georg Borgström and the postwar population-resource crisis
Australian environmental history : essays and cases
Wind Energy : A Reference Handbook
Development and environment in the North : the proceedings of the 13th International Abashiri Symposium
Technology and global change
A plague of sheep : environmental consequences of the conquest of Mexico
Contributed articles culled from a conference held at New Delhi in December 2002 and International Conference on the Forest and Environmental History of the British Empire and Commonwealth, held at University of Sussex during 19-21 March 2003.
The illusory boundary : environment and technology in history
Conserving America : a bibliographical guide to printed material in the British Library relating to American environmental history and thought
The gentle subversive : Rachel Carson, Silent spring, and the rise of the environmental movement
Stalin's legacy : the Soviet war on nature
Case studies in environmental archaeology
Environmental history
Can learning from the past help to predict the future in the environmental impact assessment on reindeer husbandry?
The wealth of nature : environmental history and the ecological imagination
Mediterranean islands, fragile communities and persistent landscapes : Antikythera in long-term perspective
A history of water. Ser. 2, vol. 3, Water, geopolitics and the new world order
Encounters of sea and land : the 6th ESEH conference, Turku, Finland, 28 June - 2 July 2011 : hand programme and abstracts
Environmental history and the American South : a reader
A history of water. Ser 2, vol. 2, Rivers and society
Crave for growth : an environmental history of water in the Borsod Basin, Hungary, 1945-1980
The age of ecology : a global history
Beastly natures : animals, humans, and the study of history
North American Indian ecology : with a new introduction by the author
A history of environmentalism : local struggles, global histories
Environmental history, American studies, and the Yazoo-Mississippi Delta
A green history of the world
Learning from environmental history in the Baltic countries
"Dissecting the new theoretical buzzword of the "Anthropocene". Scientists tell us that the Earth has entered a new epoch: the Anthropocene. We are not facing simply an environmental crisis, but a geological revolution of human origin. In two centuries, our planet has tipped into a state unknown for millions of years. How did we get to this point? Refuting the convenient view of a "human species" that upset the Earth system unaware of what it was doing, this book proposes a new account of modernity that shakes up many accepted ideas: on the supposedly recent date of "environmental awareness," on previous challenges to industrialism, on the manufacture of consumerism and the energy "transition," as well as on the role of the military in environmental destruction. Through a dialogue between science and history, the authors draw an ecological balance sheet of a developmental model that has become unsustainable, and explore paths for living and acting politically in the Anthropocene"--
Earth : evolution of a habitable world
Fencing the forest : conservation and ecological change in India's central provinces 1860-1914
Ympäristöhistoria Finnish journal of environmental history
Dirty old London : the Victorian fight against filth
This delta, this land : environmental history and the Yazoo-Mississippi floodplain
Pandora's seed : the unforeseen cost of civilization
The shock of the Anthropocene : the earth, history and us
Environment in explaining history
Writing about the past with green ink : the emergence of Finnish environmental history
The Finnish landscape and its meanings
Noxious New York : the racial politics of urban health and environmental justice
What is environmental history?
How to study public life
"How capitalism first promoted fossil fuels with the rise of steam power The more we debate about the catastrophic implications of climate change, the more fossil fuels we continue to burn. How did we get caught up in this mess? In this masterful new history, Malm claims that it all began in Britain with the rise of steam power. So why did manufacturers turn from traditional fuels, notably water, to steam? Overturning established theories of the transition and offering a radically new view of our warming world, this study shows how steam was adopted as a superior source of power. Two centuries later, the inheritors of that power continue to profit from "business as usual," as the world heads toward irreversible catastrophe. Malm examines the history of resistance to fossil fuels and surveys the obstacles to the transition to renewable energy so urgently needed today. Then as now, energy choices are determined in struggles over power"--$cProvided by publisher
Environmental history review : a publication of the American Society for Environmental History
Great debates in American environmental history. Vol. 2
Landscape and change in early medieval Italy : chestnuts, economy, and culture
Roots of ecology : antiquity to Haeckel
The environmental impact of later Mesolithic cultures : the creationof Moorland landscape in England and Wales
Central America : a natural and cultural history
The evolution of a place : patterns of environmental change in the Yazoo-Mississippi Delta from the Ice Age to the New Deal
Environment, society and landscape in early medieval England : time and topography
Major problems in American environmental history : documents and essays
Southern United States : an environmental history
"This book brings together a collection of highly-respected contributors to provide a global history of environmentalism. It makes the basic assumption that we can better understand the relationship that exists between man and nature through the close observation of conflicts that have taken place between the two. Using a range of case studies, A History of Environmentalism: Local Struggles, Global Histories weaves together an intricate fabric of environmental struggles throughout history that tells us much about transformations of cultural perceptions and ways of production and consuming, as well as ecological and social changes. Although the narratives included in the book are strongly rooted in specific places, including Brazil, Italy, the USA and Australia, they suggest and reveal things about environmental issues in history on a world scale. This book will enable students to understand the history of environmentalism from a global and local perspective simultaneously"--
From apocalypse to way of life : environmental crisis in the American century
Rural societies and environments at riskecology, property rights and social organisation : ecology, property rights and social organisation in fragile areas (Middle Ages-twentieth century)
The vanishing and reappearing tropical forest : forest management and land use in Thailand
Awful splendour : a fire history of Canada
The republic of nature : an environmental history of the United States
Environmental problems of the Greeks and Romans : ecology in the ancient Mediterranean
Encountering the past in nature : essays in environmental history
An environmental history of North Sea ling and cod fisheries, 1840-1914
Out of the woods : essays in environmental history
Landscapes of settlement : prehistory to the present
The ends of the earth : perspectives on modern environmental history
Historical approach to environmental sociology
Landscapes or seascapes? : the history of the coastal environment in the North Sea area reconsidered
The ancient Mediterranean environment between science and history
Environmental policies : an international review
The great new wilderness debate
The making of environmental law
The corrupting sea : a study of Mediterranean history
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
Dictionary of environmental history
Ethnological environmental history
Environmental protection, law and policy : text and materials
United States West Coast : an environmental history
Urban and rural environments from Iron Age to Medieval time in Northern Europe : evidence from fossil insect remains from south-eastern Sweden and Novgorod, Russia
Abstract: Towards an artificial soundscape?. -  can we design modern soundscapes as we please?.
The state of the world's parks : an international assessment for resource management, policy and research
Triangular landscapes : environment, society, and the state in the nile delta under roman rule
Rendering nature : animals, bodies, places, politics
Environment and history
Down to earth : nature's role in American history
A quantitative analysis of discharges into the Helsinki urban sea area in 1850-1995
Dune stratigraphy as an indicator of Holocene climatic change and human impact in northern Lapland, Finland
Territories, commodities and knowledges : Latin American environmental history in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
Time-scales and environmental change
The design of suburbia : a critical study in environmental history
Perceptions of nature, expressions of nation : an environmental history of Estonia
The landscape has played - and continues to play - an important role in the process of constructing a national identity in Finland. In this process, certain areas and views, whether real or imaginary, are designated as vital symbols of the national culture. The landscape is not merely an image, a map or a view of the existing motherland, however. It is also a part of the nation's history, which is marked in the landscape in the form of significant buildings and monuments to historical events, so that the past may be seen as forming an unbroken continuum with the present. Work is constantly going on to maintain and renew the national traditions of landscape description. This means that whatever its age and nostalgic associations, the landscape is an integral part of our present-day lives. The images, maps, and discourses associated with the landscape may have altered in the course of time, and even the physical areas or views may have been replaced with new ones, but the ideal of a Finnish landscape has persisted. The signs and significations attached to it thus remain a powerful part of our national culture.
People and nature in historical perspective
The holocene : an environmental history
Consuming Canada : readings in environmental history
Anthropogenic changes in Finnish lakes during the past 150 years inferred from benthic invertebrates and their sedimentary remains
The nature of Mediterranean Europe : an ecological history
Mobilizing nature : the environmental history of war and militarization in modern France
An introduction to human-environment geography : local dynamics and global processes
As undisputed leader of the Soviet Union, Joseph Stalin was directly responsible for the deaths of up to 60 million of his fellow citizens, a truly horrific figure which confirms him as one of the most notorious mass murderers in history. But Stalin not only waged war against his own people, he and his successors regarded nature as an enemy that could be overcome by the might of Soviet technology and the brute force of slave labor. The building of vast networks of canals and the diversion of major rivers has created untold environmental damage, whilst Soviet nuclear and biological weapons programs contaminated vast areas and caused unimaginable agony for human and animal life. In this book, Struan Stevenson travels to the former Soviet republics of Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgystan, and Tajikistan. From the Semipalatinsk region of east Kazakhstan, where over 600 nuclear tests were carried out between 1949 and 1990, to the Aral Sea, the desiccation of which has reduced what was the world's fourth largest inland body of water to half the size it was just 50 years ago, he presents a grim catalogue of environmental catastrophe. As well as talking with those whose lives continue to be cruelly affected by this terrible legacy, he also meets those who are trying to deal with its wider consequences as it threatens to impact far beyond the steppes of Central Asia. Despite almost insurmountable challenges, however, there ultimately is a strong message of hope as both local and international organizations face up to the effects of disastrous and inhuman Soviet policies.
Second nature : an environmental history of New England
El Niño in history : storming through the ages
Fundamentals of tree-ring research
Earth, air, fire, water : humanistic studies of the environment
In the shadow of melting glaciers : climate change and Andean society
The destruction of the Bison : an environmental history, 1750-1920
Saving nature's legacy : origins of the idea of biological diversity
The U.S. Forest Service : a history
Great debates in American environmental history. Vol. 1
Beyond nature's housekeepers : American women in environmental history
Environmental history and quaternary stratigraphy of Lithuania
Towards an artificial soundscape? : can we design modern soundscapes as we please?
Approaches to environmental history
Problems in the history of modern Africa
All shades of green : the environmentalization of Finnish society
Cities : an environmental history
The British empire and the natural world : environmental encounters in South Asia
The natural history of the Bible : an environmental exploration of the Hebrew scriptures
Canada and arctic North America : an environmental history
Woodland cultures in time and space : tales from the past, messages for the future
Historical problems of imperial Africa
Cultural land use history in Finland
The moorlands of England and Wales : an environmental history 8000 BC- AD 2000
The problem of exploitative economy
Environmental education in the 21st century : theory, practice, progress and promise
"Explores the relationship between environment and social change on Mt. Kilimanjaro and Mt. Meru during the German colonial period (1890-1916)"--Provided by the publisher.
People and the land through time : linking ecology and history
The plough that broke the steppes : agriculture and environment on Russia's grasslands, 1700-1914
Nature's nation : an environmental history of the United States
History of technology and environment
American environmentalism : readings in conservation history
Environmental deterioration in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe
Ecologies and economies in medieval and early modern Europe : studies in environmental history for Richard C. Hoffmann
