http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4237 Slavs
Slavs Slavic people
Guests in the house : cultural transmission between Slavs and Scandinavians 900 to 130 A.D
Don̂a Toponica : Dardanska i slovenska nekropola = Donja Toponica : Dardanian and Slavic necropolis
The vampire in slavic cultures
Pre-cyrillic Slavic writing and pre-christian Slavic culture : materials of the first International congress 12-14 May 2008.. Volume 4
Book reviews : Fennoscandia archaeologica
Byzantine missions among the Slavs : Ss. Constantine-Cyril and Methodius
The Slavic epic : Gundulić's Osman
Spotlights on Russian and Balkan Slavic cultural history
Oi skoteinoi aiōnes tou Buzantiou : (7os-9os ai.) = The dark centuries of Byzantium : (7th-9th c.)
Homer's traditional art : John Miles Foley
Veneti : first builders of European Community : tracing the history and language of early ancestors of Slovens
Slavs as Europeans : viewpoints to the relationship of Russian and Serbs
Etnološki in antropološki vidiki preučevanja smrti : mednarodni simpozij 5.-8. november 1998 = Ethnological and anthropological approaches to the study of death : international symposium 5th - 8th November 1998
"Let There Be Lights in the Firmament of the Heaven" : cosmological depictions in Early Rus
Russia, Slavdom and the Western world
Between East and West : Polish and Russian nineteenth-century travel to the Orient
Fabric - ritual - man : weaving traditions of the East Europe Slavs
The return of ancestral gods : modern Ukrainian paganism as an alternative vision for a nation
Atlas to the prehistory of the slavs
The darkling : a treatise on Slavic vampirism
The Prague Slav Congress 1848 : Slavic identities
The Slavs in the eyes of the Occident, the Occident in the eyes of the Slavs
The early Slavs : Eastern Europe from the initial settlement to the Kievan Rus
Borderland : a journey through the history of Ukraine
The ancient slavs : settlement and society : the Rhind lectures 1989-90
Slavic folklore : a handbook
A bibliography of Slavic mythology
Slavic culture : proceedings of the first symposium on Slavic culture, University of the Witwatersrand, 23 24 September, 1982
"Germanic" and "Slavic" as concepts of German and Polish national discourses
Society, economy, culture and art of the Slavs = Ob^sestvo, èkonomika, kul'tura i iskusstvo slavân
A bibliographical guide to the literature on Slavic civilization
Fenno-ugri et slavi 1983 : papers presented by the participants in the Soviet-Finnish Symposium "Trade, exchange and culture relations of the peoples of Fennoscandia and Eastern Europe" 9-13 May 1983 in the Hanasaari Congress Center
Pre-cyrillic Slavic writing and pre-christian Slavic culture : materials of the first International congress 12-14 May 2008.. Volume 3
Old Church Slavonic grammar
The problem of Trieste and the Italo-Yugoslav border : difference, identity, and sovereignty in twentieth-century Europe
Culture front : representing Jews in Eastern Europe
Slavonic parchment fragments in Sweden. 1, Paroemiarion, Triodion, Psalter : a text edition
Canadian contributions to the IX International congress of slavists, Kiev, 1983.
Drang nach Osten : fortunes of a slogan-concept in German-Slavic relations, 1849-1990
Beyond the Bible : cosmogonies in Slavonic tradition
Pre-cyrillic Slavic writing and pre-christian Slavic culture : materials of the first International congress 12-14 May 2008.. Volume 2
AAASS directory of members 1985-87
The emergence of the Sklabenoi (Slavs), their arrival on the Balkan Peninsula, and the role of the Avars in these events : revised concepts in a new perspective
The Northern world : the history and heritage of Northern Europe : AD 400-1100
Encyclopedia of Russian & Slavic myth and legend
The making of the Slavs : history and archaeology of the Lower Danube Region, c. 500-700
Synonymous use of synthetical and analytical rection in Old Church Slavonic verbs
The Slavs
Myths and folk-tales of the Russians, Western Slavs, and Magyars
Nomads, northmen and slavs : eastern Europe in the ninth century
The history of Romanian Slavic studies : from the beginnings until the First World War
The Byzantines on the slavs : on the problem of ethic stereotyping
Homelands lost and gained : Slavic migration and settlement on Bornholm in the early Middle Ages
When ethnicity did not matter in the Balkans : a study of identity in pre-nationalist Croatia, Dalmatia, and Slavonia in the medieval and early-modern periods
Intends to clarify some of the context for the expansion of Western Europe by focusing on what had been the greatest power in early medieval Europe, the Byzantine empire, and on the strengths and expansion of the Orthodox world.
The early Slavs : culture and society in early medieval Eastern Europe
Poles unlike Russians : drawing distance from Paris, 1830-1860
Selected writings. 6, Early Slavic paths and crossroads, pt. 2 : Medieval Slavic studies
Some problems of baltic-slavic relations in prehistoric and early historical times
The Russian moment in world history
Atlas to the prehistory of the slavs. Part 2, Text
Belgian contributions to the 13th International Congress of Slavists : Ljubljana, 15 - 21 Aug. 2003.
Atlas to the prehistory of the Slaves. 2, Text
Linguistics and culture of ancient migrants to Europe in a broad historical context
History of Ukraine-Rus'. 1, From prehistory to the eleventh century
On translation from Latin into Church Slavonic
Atlas to the prehistory of the Slaves. 1, Maps
Outline of comparative slavic literatures
Handbook of Old Church Slavonic. 2, Texts and glossary
Canadian contributions to the International congress of slavists, Sofia, 1988.
Selected writings. 6, Early Slavic paths and crossroads, pt. 1 ; Comparative Slavic studies, the Cyrillo-Methodian tradition
Folklore of the Calumet Region
Reciprocity between the various tribes and dialects of the Slavic nation
Atlas to the prehistory of the slavs. Part 1, Maps
Inventing Slavia : proceedings of the workshop held and organized by Slavonic Library, Prague, November 12th 2004
Becoming Slav, becoming Croat : identity transformations in post-Roman and early medieval Dalmatia
The Slavs : their significance political and cultural history
The making of Homeric verse : the collected papers of Milman Parry
On Church Slavonic accentuation : the accentuation of a Russian Church Slavonic Gospel manuscript from the fifteenth century
The Pontic-Danubian realm in the period of the Great Migration
A handbook of slavic studies
Bibliography of Slavic folk literature
Forests of the vampire : Slavic myth
Handbook of old Church Slavonic. Part I : Old Church Slavonic grammar
The expansion of orthodox Europe : Byzantium, the Balkans and Russia
American xenophobia and the Slav immigrant : a living legacy of mind and spirit
The entry of the Slavs into Christendom : an introduction to the medieval history of the Slavs
[The study of oral tradition and the South Slavs : a symposium, 6-9 July 1987 to mark the bicentenary of Vuk Stefanovic Karadžic]
The world of Slavs : studies on the east, west and south Slavs: civitas, oppidas, villas and archeological evidence (7th to 11th centuries AD)
Naše ili tuđe : srednjovekovna pisana kultura Balkana i Srednje Evrope = Ours or alien : written culture in the Balkans and Central Europe in the Middle Ages
A history of Ukraine
The Fourth Crusade in the historical memory of the Eastern Orthodox Slavs
The Slavs in European history and civilization
Ukraine between East and West : essays on cultural history to the early eighteenth century
Teaching students about culture
Handbook of Old Church Slavonic. Part II : Texts and glossary
Imin̂ata Makedoniǰa i makedonci vo srednovekovnite izvori = The names Macedonia and Macedonians in medieval sources
Palaeoslavica : international journal for the study of Slavic medieval literature, history, language and ethnology
Psalterium Sinaiticum : an 11th century Glagolitic manuscript from St. Catherine's Monastery, Mt. Sinai = Sinajski psaltir : glagolski rakopis od XI vek od Manastirot Sv. Katerina na Sinaj
Palaeoslavica : international journal for the study of Slavic medieval literature, language and ethnology
The Learning and Teaching of Slavic Languages and Cultures
Rites of place : public commemoration in Russia and Eastern Europe
A new atlas on the origins and early history of the Europeans
MESS : Mediterranean Ethnological Summer School, Piran/Pirano, Slovenia. Vol. 4, 1999 and 2000
Pan-Slavism : its history and ideology
The eastern world of the Vikings : eight essays about Scandinavia and Eastern Europe in the Early Middle Ages
Sailing from Byzantium : how a lost Empire shaped the world
The world of ancient slavs
An introduction to old church Slavic
Studies in East European folk narrative
The Austro-Slav revival: a study of nineteenth-century literary foundations
Pre-cyrillic Slavic writing and pre-christian Slavic culture : materials of the first International congress 12-14 May 2008.. Volume 1
Approaches to Slavic unity : Austro-Slavism, Pan-Slavism, Neo-Slavism, and solidarity among the Slavs today
A Slavo-Bulgarian history : a facsimile of the original Zograph manuscript draft (1762)
Not a simple pan-slavic genre : bride's lament in Hungarian folklore
The common Slavic element in Russian culture
