http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4239 science parks
science parks
Enchanted by nature : getting acquainted with the border area nature
What's in a location? : science parks and the support of new technology-based firms
The wonders of the world : a popular and authentic account of the marvels of nature and of man as they exist to-day. Vol. 2
The geography of tourism and recreation : environment, place and space
Abstract: Cooperation strategy for the University Science Park of the University of Zilina.
Whether in their homes, schools, streets, parks, in children's centres or cyberspace, children and young people live their lives in spaces which impact on their language and concepts, and on their social worlds and relationships. This important and innovative text provides a new framework for thinking about how relationships are developed with children and young people in the spaces they inhabit. Drawing on a wide range of perspectives, it analyses how spaces are negotiated, produced and experienced by children and young people. It offers clear guidance on how practitioners can use spaces productively to form and maintain working relationships with children and young people. In particular the book: a- assesses how places and spaces influence and are influenced by children and young people a- situates the development of work with children and young people within the thinking and values associated with social pedagogy, an approach to practice favoured in Continental Europe and attracting much interest in the UK a- advocates democratic practice and includes methods for participatory practice-led research. An illuminating anthology of readings with a truly multidisciplinary and holistic approach, this is an essential text for students and practitioners working or intending to work with children, young people and their families. It also makes insightful reading for those with broader theoretical interests in social science, psychology and human geography.
Science parks and new inequalities in cities
Mustila Arboretum as a centre for introducing and breeding shrubs and trees : proceedings of the 90th Anniversary Jubilee Symposium of Mustila Arboretum, Moisio Manor 19-21 August 1992.
New technologies and regional development
501 must-visit wild places
Walt Disney's EPCOT Center : creating the new world of tomorrow
Patterns of bird communities in urban environments
World travel atlas : the atlas for the travel industry
Fungal strategies of wood decay in trees
Summary.
Local and regional systems of innovation
The lichens and allied fungi of Great Smoky Mountains National Park : an annotated checklist with comprehensive keys
Materials and sustainable development
Tourism, leisure and recreation
The great savanna : the national parks of Tanzania and other key conservation areas
The land bird community of the Malla nature reserve, northwestern Finnish Lapland
The landscape of man : shaping the environment from prehistory to the present day
Journal of leisure research
Technopoles : "humanisme et modernité" : 10ème anniversaire de l'IASP = Science parks : "humanism and modernity" : 10th anniversary of the IASP
Biodiversity profile of the middhills physiographic zone
Learning about geology in Finnish science centres
Wildlife and protected area management : a compendium of FAO implemented projects and related bibliography 1975-1996
Biodiversity profile of the Terai and Siwalik physiograhic zones
Children and young people's spaces : developing practice
Fungible life : experiment in the Asian city of life
New technology-based firms in science parks : a study of resources and absorptive capacity
Travel industry economics : a guide for financial analysis
Cooperation strategy for the University Science Park of the University of Zilina
The geography of competition : firms, prices, and localization
English summary: The ancient boundaries of Mustila Village after purchase by Mr. Magnus Musda in 1481 and the Pelkhuo hill fort in Elimäki (For the 70th anniversary of Prof. Emer. Peter M. A. Tigerstedt).
Frontiers of entrepreneurship and innovation : readings in science park policies and practice
Vegetation and soil of the wooded meadows in Nåtö, Åland
Studies in outdoor recreation : search and research for satisfaction
Biodiversity profile of the high mountains and high himal psysiographic zones
