http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4241 objectivity
objectivity
Modern aesthetics : an historical introduction
Science, lifeworld, and realism : an ethical critique of scientific "objectivism"
Objectivity and the science/ethics distinction
Objectivity and historical understanding
Media and conflict : framing issues, making policy, shaping opinions
Moral Realism is a systematic defence of the idea that there are objective moral standards. In the tradition of Plato and G. E. Moore, Russ Shafer-Landau argues that there are moral principles that are true independently of what anyone, anywhere, happens to think of them. These principles are a fundamental aspect of reality, just as much as those that govern mathematics or the natural world. They may be true regardless of our ability to grasp them, and their truth is not a matter of their being ratified from any ideal standpoint, nor of being the object of actual or hypothetical consensus, nor of being an expression of our rational nature. Shafer-Landau accepts Plato's and Moore's contention that moral truths are sui generis. He rejects the currently popular efforts to conceive of ethics as a kind of science, and insists that moral truths and properties occupy a distinctive area in our ontology. Unlike scientific truths, the fundamental moral principles are knowable a priori. And unlike mathematical truths, they are essentially normative: intrinsically action-guiding, and supplying a justification for all who follow their counsel.Moral Realism is the first comprehensive treatise defending non-naturalistic moral realism in over a generation. It ranges over all of the central issues in contemporary metaethics, and will be an important source of discussion for philosophers and their students interested in issues concerning the foundations of ethics.
Objectivity is not neutrality : explanatory schemes in history
The democratic value of news : why public service media matter
Josiah Royce's late writings : collection of unpublished and scattered works (works relating to Josiah Royce). Volume 2
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Reasons from within : desires and values
Science, values, and objectivity
The possibility of altruism
Transnational and national media in global crisis : the Indian Ocean Tsunami
Real history : reflections on historical practice
Kant on representation and objectivity
Subjective memory complaints : relations to objective memory function, gender, personality, affective status and stress
On the political possibilities of therapy news : media responsibility and the limits of objectivity in disaster coverage
Perception in Kant's model of experience
Science, policy, and the value-free ideal
Doing news framing analysis : empirical and theoretical perspectives
Purely objective reality
Beyond objectivism and relativism : science, hermeneutics, and praxis
Trust in numbers : the pursuit of objectivity in science and public life
The idea of public journalism
Kaleidoscope - construction of objectivity
The author, a Pulitzer Prize winning journalist explores how the epochal changes sweeping the media have eroded the core news that has been the essential food supply of our democracy. At a time of dazzling technological innovation, he says that what stands to be lost is the fact based reporting that serves as a watchdog over government, holds the powerful accountable, and gives citizens what they need. In a tumultuous new media era, with cutthroat competition and panic over profits, the commitment of the traditional news media to serious news is fading. Should we lose a critical mass of this news, our democracy will weaken and possibly even begin to fail. This book is also a call to arms. Despite the current crisis, there are many hopeful signs, and he closes by looking over the horizon and exploring ways the iron core can be preserved.--From publisher description.
Islam in the British broadsheets : the impact of Orientalism on representations of Islam in the British press
Dimensions of moral theory : an introduction to metaethics and moral psychology
Optiques : the science of the eye and the birth of modern French fiction
Daston and Galison chart the emergence of objectivity in the mid 19th century sciences and show how the concept differs from its alternatives, truth-to-nature and trained judgement. This is a story of lofty epistemic ideals fused with workaday practices in the making of scientific images.
The contested legacy of Ayn Rand : truth and toleration in objectivism
Changing research communities : essays on objectivity and relativism in contemporary cultural research
Fear of knowledge : against relativism and constructivism
The enemy within : M15, Maxwell and the Scargill affair
Locke, Berkeley, Hume : central themes
Conceptual actions and objectivity in Kant
Objectivity in journalism
Moral disagreements : classic and contemporary readings
Popper, objectivity, and the growth of knowledge
Wizards of media Oz : behind the curtain of mainstream news
Knowing right from wrong
Ayn Rand, Objectivists, and the history of philosophy
Science and its critics
Al Jazeera English : global news in a changing world
Truth without objectivity
"Do the reasons we have for acting as we do derive from our concerns and desires, or are there objective values in the world that we are rationally required to pursue and protect? Alan Goldman argues for the internalist or subjectivist view of practical reasons on the grounds that it is simpler, more unified, and more comprehensible than the rival objectivist position. He provides a naturalistic account of practical rationality in terms of coherence within sets of desires or motivational states, and between motivations, intentions, and actions." "Coherence is defined as the avoidance of self-defeat, the defeat of one's own deepest concerns. The demand for coherence underlies both practical and theoretical reason and derives from the natural aims of belief and action. In clarifying which desires create reasons, drawing on the literature of cognitive psychology, Goldman offers conceptual analyses of desires, emotions, and attitudes. Reasons are seen to derive ultimately from our deepest occurrent concerns. These concerns require no reasons themselves but provide reasons for many more superficial desires." "In defense of this theory, Goldman argues that rational agents need not be morally motivated or concerned for their narrow self-interest. Objective values would demand such concern. They would be independent of our desires but would provide reasons for us to pursue and protect them. They would require rational agents to be motivated by them. But, Goldman argues, we are not motivated in that way, and it makes no sense to demand that our informed and coherent desires be generally other than they are. We need not appeal to such objective values in order to explain how our lives can be good and meaningful."--BOOK JACKET.
The first in-depth, authoritative discussion of the role of the press in China and the way the Chinese government uses the media to shape public opinion. China's 1.3 billion people may make the country the world's largest, but the vast majority of Chinese share remarkably similar views on these and a wide array of other issues, thanks to the unified message they get from tightly controlled state-run media. Official views are formed at the top in organisations like the Xinhua News Agency and China Central Television and allowed to trickle down to regional and local media, giving the appearance of many voices with a single message that is reinforced at every level. As a result, the Chinese are remarkably like-minded on a wide range of issues, both domestic and foreign. This work takes readers beyond China's economic miracle to show how the nation's massive state-run media-complex not only influences public opinion but creates it. It explores an array of issues, from Tibet and Taiwan to the environment and U.S. trade relations, as seen through the lens of the Xinhua News Agency. It also tells the story of the official Xinhua News Agency, along with its history and reporting over the years, as the foundation for telling the story.
Assessing public journalism
Will and mechanisms
Bush's war : media bias and justifications for war in a terrorist age
Objectivity and insight
Lecture et traduction = Reading and translation
Objectivity
The concept of objectivity : an approximation
Problems of rationality
Journalistic standards in nineteenth-century America
Ugly war, pretty package : how CNN and Fox News made the invasion of Iraq high concept
The authority of reason
Rethinking objectivity
Persuasive objectivity : a dramatistic analysis of racist persuasive communication in BBC World News.
Sociology and the real world
The human journalist : reporters, perspectives, and emotions
Thomas Nagel
Beyond universal reason : the relation between religion and ethics in the work of Stanley Hauerwas
Atlas shrugged
Understanding journalism
Truth and objectivity
God and goodness
The invention of journalism ethics : the path to objectivity and beyond
News values : ideas for an information age
Law and objectivity
A critical history of modern aesthetics
Bachelard : science and objectivity
Sustaining democracy? : journalism and the politics of objectivity
History and philosophy of science. 18, Objectivity, science and society : interpreting nature and society in the age of the crisis of science
In defence of objectivity and other essays : on realism, existentialism and politics
E pluribus unum : scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
This volume offers a critical and constructive examination of the claims of public journalism, the controversial movement aimed at getting the press to promote and indeed improve (not merely report on) the quality of public life. From leading contributors, original essays refine the terms of the debate by situating it within a broad cultural, historical and philosophical framework. Exploring the movement's promise as well as its problems, The Idea of Public Journalism sheds lights on issues of political power, freedom of expression, democratic participation and press responsibility.
Origins of objectivity
The figure of aperspectivical objectivity
Print culture, crime and justice in eighteenth-century London
From theory to practice : how to assess and apply impartiality in news and current affairs
The opinionmakers
Thinking the poetic measure of justice : Hölderlin, Heidegger, Celan
Balance and bias in journalism : representation, regulation, and democracy
This book bridges a gap between discussions about truth, human understanding, and epistemology in philosophical circles, and debates about objectivity, bias, and truth in journalism. It examines four major philosophical theories in easy to understand terms while maintaining a critical insight which is fundamental to the contemporary study of journalism. The book aims to move forward the discussion of truth in the news media by dissecting commonly used concepts such as bias, objectivity, balance, fairness, in a philosophically-grounded way, drawing on in depth interviews with journalists to explore how journalists talk about truth.
Reality, representation, and projection
Value-free science? : ideals and illusions
Twilight of press freedom : the rise of people's journalism
Moral relativism and moral objectivity
A world for us : the case for phenomenalistic idealism
Truth and objectivity in law and morals : proceedings of the second special workshop held at the 27th World Congress of the International Association for Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy in Washington D. C., 2015. 2
Public journalism and public life : why telling the news is not enough
Ethical theory. 1, The question of objectivity
Historical truth and lies about the past : reflections on Dewey, Dreyfus, de Man, and Reagan
Objectivity and diversity : another logic of scientific research
Objectivity and the parochial
Beyond the myths about the natural and social sciences : a sociological view
Researching gender. Vol. III, Strong objectivity and feminist empiricism
Extraordinary anthropology : transformations in the field
Custodians of conscience : investigative journalism and public virtue
Metaethics, egoism, and virtue : studies in Ayn Rand's normative theory
Journalism and meaning-making : reading the newspaper
Beyond agenda setting : information subsidies and public policy
Max Weber and the problems of value-free social science : a critical examination of the Werturteilsstreit
Persuasive objectivity : a dramatistic analysis of racist persuasive communication in BBC World News
Boundaries of journalism : professionalism, practices and participation
Naive metaphysics : a theory of subjective and objective worlds
Objectivity, simulation and the unity of consciousness : current issues in the philosophy of mind
A farewell to truth
Objective economics : how Ayn Rand's philosophy changes everything about economics
Quagmires and quandaries : exploring journalism ethics
Idealism and objectivity : understanding Fichte's Jena project
Objectivity in the feminist philosophy of science
Invariances : the structure of the objective world
Weber and Rickert : concept formation in the cultural sciences
Josiah Royce's late writings : collection of unpublished and scattered works (works relating to Josiah Royce). Volume 1
Media bias perspective, and state repression : the Black Panther Party
Objectivity in law
Media coverage of terrorism : methods of diffusion
Virgin or vamp : how the press covers sex crimes
Objectivity : recovering determinate reality in philosophy, science, and everyday life
Objectivity and its other
The party line : how the media dictates public opinion in modern China
English summary: The paradox of a news photograph. Exploring the concept of objectivity in history and in today's photojournalism.
The subjective view : secondary qualities and indexical thoughts
Objectivity and cultural divergence
Holding the media accountable : citizens, ethics, and the law
Losing the news : the uncertain future of the news that feeds democracy
Objectivity : the obligations of impersonal reason
The ethics of representation in literature, art and journalism : transnational responses to the Siege of Beirut
Good news : social ethics and the press
Desperately seeking involvement : involvement features in British and American newspaper editorials and news reports
Ethics in journalism
On the conditions for objectivity : how to avoid bias in socially relevant research
Having thought : essays in the metaphysics of mind
Journalism and the philosophy of truth : beyond objectivity and balance
A public betrayed : an inside look at Japanese media atrocities and their warnings to the West
Science and the self : the scale of knowledge
