http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4242 subjectivity (quality of being subjective)
subjectivity (quality of being subjective)
Sociological theory and collective subjectivity
Subjective universality in Kant's aesthetics
Dialectics, self-consciousness, and recognition : the Hegelian legacy
Hume and Husserl : towards radical subjectivism
The rhetoric of self in Robert Bly and Adrienne Rich : doubling and the holotropic urge
A critical history of modern aesthetics
The vegetative soul : from philosophy of nature to subjectivity in the feminine
Retrieving experience : subjectivity and recognition in feminist politics
Difference and subjectivity : dialogue and personal identity
Subjectivity in English : generative grammar versus the cognitive theory of epistemic grounding
New femininities : postfeminism, neoliberalism and subjectivity
Women in industrialized societies have a lifelong relationship with consumerism. They are caught up in a ''consumer femininity'', since a feminine identity involves, among other things, a particular mode of consumption. This study, presented in full for the first time in this volume, aims to stimulate critical awareness of consumer femininity. It culminates in sample analysis of a type of discourse that contributes to the formation of women as feminine subjects: the teen magazine. The book proposes an approach to doing critical discourse analysis that focuses on the constitution of a language user''s subjectivity in the act of reading. Influenced by the early work of Norman Fairclough, it locates points of focus for taking up a critical (and specifically feminist) reading position in discourse analysis. In doing so, it seeks to provide theoretical and analytical grounding for a critical pedagogy that will take into the classroom attention to language and construction of language users'' subjectivities.
A glance beyond doubt : narration, representation, subjectivity
Against the personification of democracy : a Lacanian critique of political subjectivity
Margaret Atwood : writing and subjectivity : new critical essays
Subjectification : various paths to subjectivity
Subjectivity and organization in narrative discourse
Masks and icons : subjectivity in post-Nietzschean autobiography
Self-representational approaches to consciousness
Philosophy and the arts : collected essays
Self and other : exploring subjectivity, empathy, and shame
The taboo of subjectivity : toward a new science of consciousness
Abstract.
The first pop age : painting and subjectivity in the art of Hamilton, Lichtenstein, Warhol, Richter, and Ruscha / Hal Foster
Naive metaphysics : a theory of subjective and objective worlds
Value grounded on attitudes : subjectivism in value theory
Indifferent boundaries : spatial concepts of human subjectivity
Images of time, thought and emotions : narration and the spectator's experience in Krzysztof Kieślowski's late fiction films
Towards a concumer-centric definition of value in the non-institutional investment context : conceptualization and measurement of perceived investment value
If social, political, and material transformation is to have a lasting impact on individuals and society, it must be integrated within ordinary experience. "Refiguring the Ordinary" examines the ways in which individuals' bodies, habits, environments, and abilities function as horizons that underpin their understandings of the ordinary. These features of experience, according to Gail Weiss, are never neutral, but are always affected by gender, race, social class, ethnicity, nationality, and perceptions of bodily normality. While no two people will experience the ordinary in exactly the same way, the multiplicities, possibilities, overlaps, and limitations of day-to-day horizons are always intersubjectively constituted. Weiss turns her attention to changing the conditions and experiences of oppression from ordinary to extraordinary. This book is an impressive phenomenological, feminist reading of the complexities of human experience.
What does it mean to talk about subjectivity in the language of space, and what are the political implications of doing so? A provocative and illuminating work, Indifferent Boundaries explores the ways that concepts of subjectivity are vitally grounded in metaphors of and assumptions about space. Kathleen Kirby demonstrates how changes that have taken place in real and conceptual space from the Renaissance to the postmodern era have led to a critical rearticulation of the subject by feminist, psychoanalytic, and poststructuralist theorists, among others. Tracing changing ideas about the self--from the stable form of the Enlightenment individual to the postmodern sujet en procès--Kirby appraises both the liberatory possibilities and the everyday cultural implications of the contemporary "space of the subject." This tenacious and substantive investigation of the lexicon of space sheds much needed light in previously dark corners of the poststructuralist edifice, and is certain to appeal to a broad, interdisciplinary audience.
Reflections of Romanity : discourses of subjectivity in Imperial Rome
Subjectivity : theories of the self from Freud to Haraway
Essays on early modern conceptions of consciousness : Descartes, Cudworth, and Locke
Self-consciousness and intersubjectivity in Hegel's encyclopedia Philosophy of subjective spirit (1830)
Political affect : connecting the social and the somatic
The open past : subjectivity and remembering in the Talmud
Ideal and disintegration : dynamics of the self and art at the fin-de-siècle
Arguing that our attachment to Aristotelian modes of discourse makes a revision of their conceptual foundations long overdue, the author proposes the consideration of unacknowledged factors that play a central role in argument itself. These are in particular the subjective imprint and the dynamics of argumentation. Their inclusion in a four-dimensional framework (subjective-objective, structural-procedural) and the focus on thesis validity allow for a more realistic view of our discourse practice. Exhaustive analyses of fascinating historical and contemporary arguments are provided. These range from Columbus' advocacy of the Western Passage to India, over the trial of King Louis XVI during the French Revolution, to today's highly charged controversies surrounding euthanasia and embryo research. Excavating foundational issues such as the purpose of argument itself (assent of an audience or critical examination of validity claims) and the contested role of argument as a generator of knowledge, the book culminates in a discussion of the relationship between rationality and reasonableness and criticizes the restrictions of {u2018}rational' argument relying on fixed logical, economic or cultural criteria that in reality are mutable. Here, a true, open argument requires the infusion of Paul Lorenzen's principle of {u2018}transsubjectivity', which recognizes but transcends the partiality of the individual, and which can be seen in the pragmatic and expanding consensus that humanity can control itself to safeguard the future of a fragile, damaged world.
Subjectivity and subjectivisation : linguistic perspectives
However we conceive of ethics, whether by appeal to an exterior or traditional notion of right and wrong, or by appeal to some form of individual virtue or responsibility, it implies some form of agency. Where there is an ethical act, there must be someone acting ethically. Working from this simple premise, this book argues that the manner in which we conceive that 'someone' is the condition of possibility for our conception of ethics and, consequently, our ethical potential. Against the commonplace conception of the modern individual as self-identical, self-aware and self-governing, the author presents a detailed introduction to the Lacanian subject, a conception of the self as anything but self-identical, self-aware and self-governing. The book goes on to show how such a rethinking of the subject necessitates a rethinking of our relation to law, tradition and morality, as well as a rethinking of our understanding of guilt, responsibility and desire. In short, it necessitates a rethinking of ethics.
Subjectivity : ethnographic investigations
This volume brings together twenty original essays on the changes and continuities in gender relations and intersecting politics of sexuality, race, class and location. The book is situated in debates about contemporary culture at a moment of rapid technological change, global interconnectedness and the growing cultural dominance of neoliberalism and postfeminism. The collection traverses disciplines, spaces and approaches. It is marked by an extraordinarily wide focus, ranging from analyses of celebrity magazines and makeover shows to examinations of the experiences of young female migrants, 'mail order brides' and young women who repudiate feminism. The contributions are united by their attempts to think through the ways in which experiences and representations of femininity are changing in the twenty-first century. Are we seeing new femininities? Are neoliberalism and postfeminism constructing new identities and subjectivities? What kinds of analytic tools and cultural politics are needed to engage critically with the current moment? This book will be of interest to everyone studying gender, media or cultural studies.
Subjectivity in valuation : case study on the Finnish biotechnology industry
Reasons from within : desires and values
GICA : Grounded Intersubjective Concept Analysis : a method for enhancing mutual understanding and participation
Brunelleschi, Lacan, Le Corbusier : architecture, space and the construction of subjectivity
I'm as old as I feel : subjective age in Finnish adults
Avicenna on subjectivity : a philosophical study
Two tomatoes one onion & an olive : photography : from attention to intention
Ethics and selfhood : alterity and the phenomenology of obligation
Reconstructing the psychological subject : bodies, practices and technologies
"This volume establishes a dialogue between East and West in children's literature scholarship. In all cultures, children's literature shows a concern to depict identity and individual development, so that character and theme pivot on questions of agency and the circumstances that frame an individual's decisions and capacities to make choices and act upon them. Such issues of selfhood fall under the heading subjectivity. Attention to the representation of subjectivity in literature enables us to consider how values are formed and changed, how emotions are cultivated, and how maturation is experienced. Because subjectivities emerge in social contexts, they vary from place to place. This book brings together essays by scholars from several Asian countries--Japan, India, Pakistan, Korea, Vietnam, Taiwan, Australia, Thailand, and The Philippines--which address subjectivities in fiction and film within frameworks which include social change, multiculturalism, post-colonialism, globalization, and glocalization. Few scholars of western children's literature have a ready understanding of what subjectivity entails in children's literature and film from Asian countries, especially where Buddhist or Confucian thought remains influential. This volume will impact scholarship and pedagogy both within the countries represented and in countries with established traditions in teaching and research, offering a major contribution to the flow of ideas between different academic and educational cultures."
The I in science : training to utilize subjectivity in research
Collaborations shift from Marina Abramovic/Ulay to Beaconsfield : place as the third body in the construction of artistic subjectivity
Violence and subjectivity
Inwardness and theater in the English Renaissance
Who comes after the subject?
Chaosophy
The interpretation-based quality estimation of the mechanical sounds of mobile phones
Žižek's ontology : a transcendental materialist theory of subjectivity
Operatic subjects : the evolution of self in modern opera
Patterns of subjectivity in an article from The Times
Making homes in the West/Indies : constructions of subjectivity in the writings of Michelle Cliff  and Jamaica Kincaid
Seeing and saying : self-referentiality in British and American literature
Signs, solidarities, and sociology : Charles S. Peirce and the pragmatics of globalization
The origins of responsibility
Science and subjectivity
Following Francois Laruelle's nonstandard philosophy and the work of Judith Butler, Drucilla Cornell, Luce Irigaray, and Rosi Braidotti, Katerina Kolozova reclaims the relevance of categories traditionally rendered "unthinkable" by postmodern feminist philosophies, such as "the real," "the one," "the limit," and "finality," thus critically repositioning poststructuralist feminist philosophy and gender/queer studies. Poststructuralist (feminist) theory sees the subject as a purely linguistic category, as always already multiple, as always already nonfixed and fluctuating, as limitless discursivity, and as constitutively detached from the instance of the real. This reconceptualization is based on the exclusion of and dichotomous opposition to notions of the real, the one (unity and continuity), and the stable. The non-philosophical reading of postructuralist philosophy engenders new forms of universalisms for global debate and action, expressed in a language the world can understand. It also liberates theory from ideological paralysis, recasting the real as an immediately experienced human condition determined by gender, race, and social and economic circumstance.
The modern subject : conceptions of the self in classical German philosophy
Ethics-politics-subjectivity : essays on Derrida, Levinas, & contemporary French thought / Simon Critchley
The power of feelings : personal meaning in psychoanalysis, gender and culture
The message within : the role of subjective experience in social cognition and behavior
Logics of worlds : being and event, 2
Theorizing modernism : visual art ant the critical tradition / Johanna Drucker
Structures of subjectivity : explorations in psychoanalytic phenomenology and contextualism
Cut of the real : subjectivity in poststructuralist philosophy
A narrative of decadent subjectivity : transcending modes of reality in Arthur Machen's The Hill of Dreams
Feminist readings of early modern culture : emerging subjects
Realism and empathy in Edith Stein's phenomenal approach to subjectivity
Existence and subjectivity : a theme in the philosophy of education
Philosophy and psychoanalytic theory : collected essays
The research object and the subjectivity of the researcher
Boundary disruptions: Late-Soviet transformations in art, space and subjectivity in Tallinn 1968–1979
Kaleidoscope - construction of objectivity
The subjective view : secondary qualities and indexical thoughts
Kierkegaard : thinking Christianly in an existential mode
Subjectivity and method in psychology : gender, meaning and science
Levinas and twentieth-century literature : ethics and the reconstitution of subjectivity
Will and mechanisms
Discontinuity as theoretical foundation to pedagogy : existential phenomenology in Otto Friedrich Bollnow's philosophy of education
Considering the researcher as human being
Optiques : the science of the eye and the birth of modern French fiction
The singularity of being : Lacan and the immortal within
Becoming a subject : reflections in philosophy and psychoanalysis
Avoiding the subject : a critical inquiry into contemporary theories of subjectivity
Modern aesthetics : an historical introduction
Subjectification, intersubjectification and grammaticalization
Subjectivity in a second language : conveying the expression of self
Edward Said and the question of subjectivity
The Poetics of Reading
The Vegetative Soul demonstrates that one significant resource for the postmodern critique of subjectivity can be found in German Idealism and Romanticism, specifically in the philosophy of nature. Miller demonstrates that the perception of German Idealism and Romanticism as the culmination of the philosophy of the subject overlooks the nineteenth-century critique of subjectivity with reference to the natural world. This book's contribution is its articulation of a plant-like subjectivity. The vision of the human being as plant combats the now familiar conception of the modern subject as atomistic, autonomous, and characterized primarily by its separability and freedom from nature. Reading Kant, Goethe, Hölderlin, Hegel, and Nietzsche, Miller juxtaposes two strands of nineteenth-century German thought, comparing the more familiar animal understanding of individuation and subjectivity to an alternative plantlike one that emphasizes interdependence, vulnerability, and metamorphosis. While providing the necessary historical context, the book also addresses a question that has been very important for recent feminist theory, especially French feminism, namely, the question of the possible configuration of a feminine subject. The idea of the vegetative subject takes the traditional alignment of the feminine with nature and the earth and subverts and transforms it into a positive possibility. Although the roots of this alternative conception of subjectivity can be found in Kant's third Critique and its legacy in nineteenth-century Naturphilosophie, the work of Luce Irigaray brings it to fruition.
Kierkegaard and philosophy : selected essays
Suspensions of perception : attention, spectacle and modern culture / Jonathan Crary
Questioning foundations : truth, subjectivity, culture
Language, intertextuality and subjectivity : voices in the construction of consumer feminity
Mathematics education and subjectivity : cultures and cultural renewal
Imagining children otherwise : theoretical and critical perspectives on childhood subjectivity
Goethe's allegories of identity
Right, morality, ethical life : studies in G. W. F. Hegelś philosophy of right
This book offers a series of critical commentaries on, and forced encounters between, different thinkers. At stake in this philosophical and psychoanalytical enquiry is the drawing of a series of diagrams of the finite/infinite relation, and the mapping out of the contours for a speculative and pragmatic production of subjectivity.
Subjectivity in Asian children's literature and film : global theories and implications
The phenomenology of embodied subjectivity
Subjectivity and otherness : a philosophical reading of Lacan
Philip Roth--countertexts, counterlives
Phenomenology and the transcendental
Phenomenal contents of consciousness during anesthesia
Goethe's concept of the daemonic : after the ancients
Refiguring the ordinary
Levinas, ethics and law
Dramatic translation of self in Hamlet
Kierkegaard and Levinas : the subjunctive mood
Is there a place for mind in the mind-body problem? : philosophical naturalism and the challenge of subjectivity
Speaking personally : the rise of subjective and confessional journalism
"Do the reasons we have for acting as we do derive from our concerns and desires, or are there objective values in the world that we are rationally required to pursue and protect? Alan Goldman argues for the internalist or subjectivist view of practical reasons on the grounds that it is simpler, more unified, and more comprehensible than the rival objectivist position. He provides a naturalistic account of practical rationality in terms of coherence within sets of desires or motivational states, and between motivations, intentions, and actions." "Coherence is defined as the avoidance of self-defeat, the defeat of one's own deepest concerns. The demand for coherence underlies both practical and theoretical reason and derives from the natural aims of belief and action. In clarifying which desires create reasons, drawing on the literature of cognitive psychology, Goldman offers conceptual analyses of desires, emotions, and attitudes. Reasons are seen to derive ultimately from our deepest occurrent concerns. These concerns require no reasons themselves but provide reasons for many more superficial desires." "In defense of this theory, Goldman argues that rational agents need not be morally motivated or concerned for their narrow self-interest. Objective values would demand such concern. They would be independent of our desires but would provide reasons for us to pursue and protect them. They would require rational agents to be motivated by them. But, Goldman argues, we are not motivated in that way, and it makes no sense to demand that our informed and coherent desires be generally other than they are. We need not appeal to such objective values in order to explain how our lives can be good and meaningful."--BOOK JACKET.
Rethinking postmodern subjectivity : Emmanuel Levinas and the ethics of referentiality in the work of Donald Barthelme
Critical theory. Vol. 3, Subjectivity, ethics, and politics
Commotion of motionless mementos
The possibility of altruism
Death and return of the author : criticism and subjectivity in Barthes, Foucault and Derrida
Lacanian ethics and the assumption of subjectivity
Essays on early modern conceptions of consciousness: Descartes, Cudworth, and Locke
Irigaray & Deleuze : experiments in visceral philosophy
The Universe as communion : towards a neo-patristic synthesis of theology and science
Ricoeur as another : the ethics of subjectivity
Dimensions of moral theory : an introduction to metaethics and moral psychology
Subjectivity in the twenty-first century : psychological, sociological, and political perspectives
The concept of argument : a philosophical foundation
The life & the work : art and biography / edited by Charles G. Salas
Papers presented at the international conference: Considering the researcher as human being
The Lacanian subject : between language and jouissance
The last word
Kristeva, psychoanalysis and culture : subjectivity in crisis
History and subjectivity
Science and the self : the scale of knowledge
On the production of subjectivity : five diagrams of the finite-infinite relation
The Gothic in contemporary interactive fictions
Foucault's discipline : the politics of subjectivity
Who translates? : translator subjectivities beyond reason
The micro-politics of capital : Marx and the prehistory of the present
Chaosmosis : an ethico-aesthetic paradigm
Deleuze and Guattari : critical assessments of leading philosophers. Vol. 2, Guattari
Dieter Henrich and contemporary philosophy : the return of subjectivity
"Moving beyond the dualism of signifier and signified, Signs and Machines shows how signs act as "sign-operators" that enter directly into material flows and into the functioning of machines. Money, the stock market, price differentials, algorithms, and scientific equations and formulas constitute semiotic "motors" that make capitalism's social and technical machines run, bypassing representation and consciousness to produce social subjections and semiotic enslavements. Lazzarato contrasts Deleuze and Guattari's complex semiotics with the political theories of Jacques Rancière, Antonio Negri and Michael Hardt, Paolo Virno, and Judith Butler, for whom language and the public space it opens still play a fundamental role. Lazzarato asks: What are the conditions necessary for political and existential rupture at a time when the production of subjectivity represents the primary and perhaps most important work of capitalism? What are the specific tools required to undo the industrial mass production of subjectivity undertaken by business and the state? What types of organization must we construct for a process of subjectivation that would allow us to escape the hold of social subjection and machinic enslavement? In addressing these questions, Signs and Machines takes on a task that is today more urgent than ever." -- Publisher's description.
Subjective time : the philosophy, psychology, and neuroscience of temporality
Textual subjectivity : the encoding of subjectivity in medieval narratives and lyrics
Heidegger reexamined: Vol. 4, Language and the critique of subjectivity
Infinitely demanding : ethics of commitment, politics of resistance
The theory of absence : subjectivity, signification, and desire
Vision, image, record : a cultivation of the visual field
Subjectivity
The science of well-being : the collected works of Ed Diener
Ricoeur, culture, and recognition : a hermeneutic of cultural subjectivity
Better images - understanding and measuring subjective image-quality
Thomas Nagel
Can you be a self on your own or only together with others? Is selfhood a built-in feature of experience or rather socially constructed? How do we at all come to understand others? Does empathy amount to and allow for a distinct experiential acquaintance with others, and if so, what does that tell us about the nature of selfhood and social cognition? Does a strong emphasis on the first-personal character of consciousness prohibit a satisfactory account of intersubjectivity or is the former rather a necessary requirement for the latter? Engaging with debates and findings in classical phenomenology, in philosophy of mind and in various empirical disciplines, Dan Zahavi's new book Self and Other offers answers to these questions. Discussing such diverse topics as self-consciousness, phenomenal externalism, mindless coping, mirror self-recognition, autism, theory of mind, embodied simulation, joint attention, shame, time-consciousness, embodiment, narrativity, self-disorders, expressivity and Buddhist no-self accounts, Zahavi argues that any theory of consciousness that wishes to take the subjective dimension of our experiential life serious must endorse a minimalist notion of self. At the same time, however, he also contends that an adequate account of the self has to recognize its multifaceted character, and that various complementary accounts must be integrated, if we are to do justice to its complexity. Thus, while arguing that the most fundamental level of selfhood is not socially constructed and not constitutively dependent upon others, Zahavi also acknowledges that there are dimensions of the self and types of self-experience that are other-mediated. The final part of the book exemplifies this claim through a close analysis of shame.
Subjectivity and selfhood : investigating the first-person perspective
The languages of performance in British romanticism
Memory and utopia : the primacy of intersubjectivity
"Edward Said and the Question of Subjectivity explores the articulated and implicated notions of subjectivity in the writings of Edward Said, one of the forthright public intellectuals of our times. The work further analyses the shift in his intellectual trajectory towards a new humanism and dwells on his interface with certain western Marxist thinkers"--
Signs and machines : capitalism and the production of subjectivity
Culture & truth : the remaking of social analysis
