http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4251 concentration (mental properties)
concentration (mental properties)
Focused for soccer
Pupils in remedial classes
Abstract.
From attention to meaning : explorations in semiotics, linguistics, and rhetoric
Searching to be found : understanding and helping adopted and looked after children with attention difficulties
Growing up mindful : essential practices to help children, teens, and families find balance, calm, and resilience
Mind assassins : the dark arts of the Asian masters
Deep work : rules for focused success in a distracted world
Shaking up the brain : instructions and exercises for improved brain skills
Shadow warrior : secrets of invisibility, mind reading, and thought control
How to handle hard-to-handle preschoolers : a guide for early childhood educators
"The Inner Game of Tennis will help you: use the mind/body connection and learn to trust yourself on the court; find the state of "relaxed concentration" that allows you to play at your best; utilize the "inner game principles to make the most of traditional instruction techniques; focus your mind to overcome nervousness and self-doubt; and build skills by smart practice, then put it all together in match play." "Gallwey is one of the leading innovators in sports, and this new edition refines the techniques that he has perfected over his long career. His straightforward and concise style, clear examples, and illuminating anecdotes will help tennis players of all abilities - from beginner to expert. The Inner Game of Tennis will change the way you play the game."--BOOK JACKET.
"While we have learned a great deal about mindfulness in the past 30 years, unquestionably the field of mindfulness science is still maturing, and in the chapters herein the authors have taken pains to point out how the current research is limited in its methods and conclusions, and have pointed to specific ways in which future research studies can overcome these limitations. That said, the work represented in this Handbook is among the best conducted to date, measured in terms of scientific creativity, sophistication, and insight. Our hope is that this volume offers readers both a panoramic view of the current science of mindfulness and a compass to help guide its ongoing evolution"--
The art of concentration : enhance focus, reduce stress and achieve more
Exceptional learners : an introduction to special education
The organized mind : thinking straight in the age of information overload
The inner game of tennis : the classic guide to the mental side of peak performance
Marketing : an introduction
While many adults now understand how mindfulness practice helps us alleviate the stress and anxiety of our busy modern lives, getting a typical teenager on board is another story. Dr. Christopher Willard draws on his work with hundreds of young children, tweens, and teens - along with countless hours training parents, teachers, and other counselors - to make the principles and practices of mindfulness accessible, entertaining, and cool for people of all ages and interests. Features dozens of exercises to incorporate mindfulness into daily life (in class, extracurricular activities, among peers), specific meditations and movement practices, compassion training, and more.
Learning and attention disorders in adolescence and adulthood : assessment and treatment
The ecology of attention
Distracted : the erosion of attention and the coming Dark Age
Foundations of sport and exercise psychology
Working memory deficits and their malleability to computerized cognitive training in children with learning disabilities : a preliminary study
Self-regulation interventions and strategies : keeping the body, mind and emotions on task in children with autism, ADHD or sensory disrorders
Sport psychology
As we enjoy the Internet's bounties, are we sacrificing our ability to read and think deeply? Carr describes how human thought has been shaped through the centuries by "tools of the mind"--from the alphabet to maps, to the printing press, the clock, and the computer--and interweaves recent discoveries in neuroscience. Now, he expands his argument into a compelling exploration of the Internet's intellectual and cultural consequences. Our brains, scientific evidence reveals, change in response to our experiences. Building on insights of thinkers from Plato to McLuhan, Carr makes a case that every information technology carries a set of assumptions about the nature of knowledge and intelligence. The printed book served to focus our attention, promoting deep and creative thought. In contrast, the Internet encourages rapid, distracted sampling of small bits of information. As we become ever more adept at scanning and skimming, are we losing our capacity for concentration, contemplation, and reflection?--From publisher description.
Effortless attention : a new perspective in the cognitive science of attention and action
The shallows : what the Internet is doing to our brains
The information age is drowning us with an unprecedented deluge of data. At the same time, we're expected to make more -- and faster -- decisions about our lives than ever before. No wonder, then, that the average American reports frequently losing car keys or reading glasses, missing appointments, and feeling worn out by the effort required just to keep up. But somehow some people become quite accomplished at managing information flow. In The Organized Mind, Daniel J. Levitin, PhD, uses the latest brain science to demonstrate how those people excel -- and how readers can use their methods to regain a sense of mastery over the way they organize their homes, workplaces, and time.
Handbook of mindfulness : theory, research, and practice
Getting the buggers to think
Towards Dialogue Strategies for Cognitive Workload Management
Focus : the hidden driver of excellence
The overflowing brain : information overload and the limits of working memory
Your brain at work : strategies for overcoming distraction, regaining focus, and working smarter all day long
Attention : a neuropsychological approach
The mindfulness prescription for adult ADHD : an eight-step program for strengthening attention, managing emotions, and achieving your goals
Seven secrets of mindfulness : how to keep your everyday practice alive
Taming the drunken monkey : the path to mindfulness, meditation, and increased concentration
'Deep work' is the ability to focus without distraction on a cognitively demanding task. Deep work will make you better at what you do, achieve more in less time and provide the sense of true fulfilment that comes from mastery of a skill. And yet most people have lost the ability to go deep - spending their days instead in a frantic blur of e-mail and social media, not even realising there's a better way. A mix of cultural criticism and actionable advice, Deep Work takes the reader on a journey through memorable stories - from Carl Jung building a stone tower in the woods to focus his mind, to a social media pioneer buying a round-trip to Tokyo to write a book free from distraction in the air - and surprising suggestions, such as the claim that most professionals should quit social media and that everyone should practise being bored. Deep Work will point the way to anyone seeking focused success in a distracted world.
Dialectical behavior therapy skills, 101 mindfulness exercises and other fun activities for children and adolescents : a learning supplement
The fine arts of relaxation, concentration & meditation : ancient skills for modern minds
