http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4257 profitability
profitability
Productivity and services : safety telephone services for the elderly
PROFITABILITY IMPROVEMENT FROM EFFICIENT SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT IN A PROJECT-BASED COMPANY
THE USE OF REVENUE MANAGMENT IN HOTEL ACCOMMODATION INDUSTRY IN EASTERN FINLAND
Fickle markets require inventiness
Forest as a capital asset
Weak profitability is a major problem for the European banking sector. Particularly in the euro area, a weakly performing economy and related impairment losses, subdued credit dynamics and prolonged low interest rates have weakened banks' profitability. The profitability of major European banks has also been undermined by court costs and sanctions imposed by the authorities. Growing regulation and an influx of new competitors on the market increase the need for balance sheet adjustment. The changes also affect Finnish banks.
No frills : the truth behind the low-cost revolution in the skies
The internal analyses of the development of Pori L&T's partnership with a local company : opinnäytetyö
Basics of engineering economy
The founder's mentality : how to overcome the predictable crises of growth
Three plantations in the Philippines and Thailand : economic, social and environmental evaluation
Effects of direct payments on farm performance : the case of dairy farms in northern EU countries
Is artist management a feasible business in the Finnish music market?
Show me the money : how to determine ROI in people, projects, and programs
Developing an accounting data network for non-industrial private forestry in Finland
Value creation in private equity : a case study of outperforming buyouts in the Nordic Countries
This study estimated the possibilities of reducing costs and improving input use in a sample of Swedish farms specialising in beef production. Input use efficiency was measured in a multi-output, multi-input function distance function analysis, covering the period 2008-2011. For comparison, both the classical radial and the generalised non-parametric approach were used. The results revealed that on average, costs could be decreased by 20%. Both models constructed frontiers where: i) the rankings of farms according to efficiency were positively and highly correlated and ii) the size and the significance of the parameter estimates were similar. Input-saving technologies were found to be positively influenced by livestock density, pasture availability and the use of coupled income support. Larger farms, farms with higher specialisation in beef cattle, farms with a larger number of animals older than 2 years, farms converting to organic production, farms located in less favoured areas and farms located in regions with a shorter grazing period were found be less efficient.
Pre-feasibility study on the investment in a new SPA & wellness facility : Case Study: based on a hotel-restaurant in Germany
Management mistakes and successes
An era of intense competition
"This book is for every retailer who wants to perform better. It isn’t just for big retailers or retailers in specific categories – it’s for all retailers regardless of the number of locations you have or what you sell. Using real-world examples it shows how traffic and conversion analytics can help improve sales results and reduce expenses for virtually any retailer." --
Companies don't succeed - people do! : ideas to create profits through people
DEVELOPMENT PLAN FOR A SMALL-SIZED FARM : Profitable Development Ideas on Products, Services, Marketing Methods and Customer Service for Kettulan Tila 2012-2014
Brownfield process : a method for the rationalisation of existing product variety towards a modular product family
Assessing the performance of customer relationship management (CRM) systems : empirical evidence from companies in Finland
The strategy quest : releasing the energy of manufacturing within a market driven strategy : "a dynamic business story"
Cruise industry to face a challenging year
Productivity & quality management frontiers III : refereed papers presented at the Third International Conference on Productivity and Quality Research, Fabruary 20-22, 1991, Miami, FL, USA. 3
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Can e-banking services be profitable?
Effective maintenance : the key to profitability.  A managerś guide to effective industrial maintenance management
Teollisuuden kannattavuus 1960-luvulla = The development of the profitability of the Finnish industry in the 1960s
Effect of species composition on economic return in amixed stand of Norway spruce and Scots Pine
Conversion : the last great retail metric
Battle of the Baltic
Measuring the long-run profitability of the firm : a simulation evaluation of the financial statement based IRR estimation methods
The economy of crop production : the fifth Finnish-Hungarian-Polish Seminar on Agricultural Economics, Finland, June 13.-17.1983
Essays on credit risk in SMEs
Business analysis and valuation : IFRS edition : [text and cases]
Luxury operators expanding cautiously
Linking management accounting and control systems, strategy, information technology, manufacturing technology and organizational performance of the firm in contingency framework
The current exceptionally low level of interest rates promotes price stability and economic growth in the euro area, but it also puts a strain on retail banking profitability. In Finland, the banks' most important source of income, net interest income, is now exposed to pressures from several different directions at once. Low interest rates have compressed the spread between lending and deposit rates. At the same time, loan and deposit stocks have increased only slowly. Low interest rates have reduced customers' debt-servicing expenditure, but may also mask risks..
Financial statements bulletin 2002.
"Why is profitable growth so hard to achieve and sustain? Most executives manage their companies as if the solution to that problem lies in the external environment-find an attractive market, formulate the right strategy, win new customers. But when Bain & Company's Chris Zook and James Allen, authors of the bestselling Profit from the Core, researched this question, they found that 90 percent of the challenges to growth are internal: increasing distance from the front lines, loss of accountability, and proliferating processes and bureaucracy, to name only a few. More crucial is their finding that companies experience a set of predictable internal crises, at predictable stages, as they grow; and that for even the healthiest companies, these crises, if not managed properly, can stifle the company's ability to grow further-and actively lead it into decline. The key insight from Zook and Allen's research is that managing these choke points requires a "founder's mentality"-an insurgent's clear mission and purpose, an unambiguous owner mindset, and a relentless obsession with the front line (behaviors typically embodied by a bold, ambitious founder)-to restore the speed, focus, and connection to customers, all of which are lost as companies grow. Based on the authors' decade-long study of companies in more than forty countries, any leader-not only a founder-can use a founder's mentality to overcome these predictable challenges and set their companies back on a path of sustainable growth. This book shows how, empowering leaders everywhere to control the destiny of their companies. "--
Customer profitability : analysis and evaluation of the current follow-up case Stora Enso Fine Paper
Annual review of football finance. A premium blend
The effect of efficient working capital management on corporate profitability: comparing Finland and USA
Pricing for higher profit : criteria, methods, applications
Profitable catering
Short cruise market : a dynamic segment
Ferry business goes soft
Budgeting basics and beyond
The economics of tourism destinations
Factors and mechanisms affecting business performance of banks
Feasibility study to improve the productivity of pre-assembly : make-or-buy analysis
Rediscovering profitability in entrepreneurship : evidence from Finnish high-technology start-ups
Managing front office operations
Low interest rates place a strain on the banks
Fund-raising cost effectiveness : a self-assessment workbook
New owner, new course for Reneissance
Interactions between soil water conditions and forest stands in boreal forests with implications for ditch network maintenance
Perry's chemical engineers handbook. Section 9, Process economics
Organic agriculture and poverty reduction in Asia : China and India focus : thematic evaluation
Scenario analysis for the biomass supply potential and the future development of Finnish forest resources
Finnish trade with the USSR : why was it different?
Long term forest planning : economical and biological production possibilities of a forest = Langsiktig skoglig planlegging : økonomiske og biologiske produksjonsmuligheter i en skog
Corporate performance evaluation in bank lending decisions
Customer equity driven marketing strategy
Performance dashboard : measuring, monitoring, and managing your business
Profits in the long run
Ships needed for the marine industry network
Financial performance of the U.S. forest-product companies : value-added determinants of business success
Successful beverage management : proven strategies for the on-premise operator
Overdrive : managing in crisis-filled times
Increasing the Competitiveness and Profitability of a Small and Medium-sized Enterprise
The economic ascent of the hotel business
Carving up th global cruise market
Major changes underway in European banking sector
Business economics : theory and application
Finnlines is seeking growth through enhanced sales and marketing
Accounting for dummies
Europe's new order
Competitive tendering : management and reality - achieving value for money
Portfolio management and the competitiveness of forest ownership
Value-adding products in shipping : what, for whom - how?
Profitability of private forestry in Finland
Optimal harvesting of Tectona grandis plantation stands in Costa Rica
Islands of profit in a sea of red ink : why 40% of your business is unprofitable, and how to fix it
Good business : exercising effective and ethical leadership
Does the choice between bank loans and bonds affect firm performance? : evidence from the Russian Federation
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Not finished yet
Profit planning : for hospitality and tourism
How firm characteristics affect Capital Structure : An Analysis of Finnish Technology Industry
Thrive : the power of psychological therapy
Some models for analyzing the profit, profitability and financial [g]rowth of the firm
Scheduling forest road maintenance using the analytic hierarchy process and heuristics
Limited liability and the existence of share tenancy
Banks concerned about profitability and the sustainability of their operating models
Accountable marketing: linking marketing actions to financial performance
Financial management survey 1996 : the current state of financial management in UK PLC
Lifestyle blogs as business : case studies in Finland
Accounting and financial management : developments in the international hospitality industry
The study analyses developments in the structure of Moscow banks' balance sheets, returns and costs of their different banking operations, as well as the banks' profitability, liquidity and capital adequacy.The analysis covers the years 1995-1997 when Russia was attempting to pursue a macroeconomic policy aimed at monetary stabilisation.An assessment is also given of the problems which were evolving in the Russian banking system before banks were hit by Russia's financial crisis in summer 1998. The analysis itself presents rather detailed data on the balance sheets and banking operations of a large sample of banks registered in Moscow; at the peak, the sample consisted of 688 banks. Keywords: Russian banks, bank credit, Treasury bills, deposits, interest rates, bank regulation .
Productivity accounting : the economics of business performance
Revealing non-verifiable information in a Cournot duopoly
We present a familiar - yet novel - signaling game where signaling in the labor market has an externality affecting the employers' profits. The externality arises due to the appearance of a free substitute (negative externalities) or a complement (positive externalities) in the product market as a result of the signaling activity. We examine in detail how the outcome of the signaling game is affected by the product market externalities and market size. It is shown first that in the case negative and mild positive externalities, the least cost separating equilibrium is standard. The level of credential, the "good" type will choose in order to separate from the "bad" type is lower (higher) with negative (positive) externality than in the case when externalities are absent. In contrast to previous literature, we show that when the magnitude of positive externalities is high enough, the least cost separating equilibrium is rather different in nature: The "good" type will choose the highest rather than the lowest possible levels of credential in order to separate from the "bad" type. Interestingly, in the case of very strong positive market externalities, the separation of workers' types is impossible, and we end up with a pooling equilibrium with maximum signaling. Finally, when considering the welfare effects, we show that under certain conditions, the private market solution may involve too little signaling compared to social optimum.
Cash management : making your business cash-rich ...without breaking the bank
The year got off to an uncertain start for the European banking sector, and market turbulence was strong in the first half of 2016. The uncertainty has reflected increased concerns about the growth prospects for the global economy. Rising credit risks in the energy sector, weak market liquidity and uncertainty about monetary and economic policies' ability to support economic growth have increased market volatility. Uncertainty over global growth prospects has also focused strongly on the banking and financial sector, which is particularly sensitive to changes in the economic outlook. Although the profitability and liquidity position of the European banking sector has improved on average in recent years and capital adequacy has advanced, the banking business is facing numerous risks both in the short and the long term. Banks' long-term profitability and the sustainability of their operating models have been singled out as special causes for concern..
Studies on agricultural income, price and support policy
Productivity accounting
The measurement of productivity : a systems approach in the context of productivity agreements
Comparative analysis on performance of wood product industries in India with reference to international norms
Setting profitable prices : a step-by-step guide to pricing strategy--without hiring a consultant
Bank performance under privatization : a case from three fast-track transition countries (Check, Poland and Hungary)
The frontiers of excellence : learning from companies that put people first
Newbuilding and second hand markets : holding one's breath as events gather momentum
The effect of increases and decreases in R&D expenses on company performance
Input saving possibilities and practices contributing to more efficient beef production in Sweden
Economic spaces of pastoral production and commodity systems : markets and livelihoods
Merger profitability in unionized oligopoly
Are conventional ferries losing it?
Costing
How to found a hostel in Fuengirola, Spain
Profitability and the financial mechanism of the firm
Contribution profit analysis for a fully regulated forest and its empirical application
Traditional old cruise ship markets shrink
Productivity and profitability in the different production lines in agriculture
The strategy of corporate survival : a resource dependence approach
Finnish shipyards urgently need new orders
Developing concepts of customer relationship profitability in the fine paper industry
Success on the small farm
A theory of profits
Profitable social media marketing : how to grow your business using Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Linkedin and more
Annual review of football finance. Revolution
A wider view on customer profitability in Nordea Private Bank Units
Storm warning unlikely to effect big groups too much
Signaling with externality
The aim of this paper is to present the method and tool for optimisation of beef-fattening diets. Changes in policy environment and changes in costs of feed pose challenges for farm efficiency. We construct a spreadsheet from two modules based on mathematical deterministic programming techniques. In order to obtain an estimate of the magnitude of costs that may be incurred, the first module utilizes a linear program for least-cost ration formulation. The resulting value is then targeted as a cost goal in the second module. This is supported by weighted goal programming with a penalty function system. The approach presented here is an example of how a combination of mathematical programming techniques might be applied to prepare a user-friendly tool for "optimal" ration formulations. We report results that confirm this approach as useful, since one is able to formulate a least-cost ration without risking a decrease in the ration's nutritive value or affecting the balance between nutrients.
Annual review of football finance. New rules, narrow margins
Menue engineering : apractical guide to menue analysis
Determinants of bank profitability in different business cycles
Europe - time to take step forward
Boost your company's profits : tried and tested techniques for the profit-driven manager
An evaluation of the effects of national aids for Southern Finland
Finnish expertise in marine technology for the world
Summary.
Shipbuilding subsidies
500 suurinta yritystä = The top 500 companies in Finland
Internal rate of return and roi as profitability indicators in investment analysis
Cost accounting : a managerial emphasis
Cash-based profitability and financing of industries, Finland 1961-1973, Sweden 1966-1974
Cash management & credit control
Business adventures : twelve classic tales from the world of Wall Street
Out of recession, but when?
Decision support system for agricultural land use and fertilisation optimisation : a case study on barley production in Estonia
Market share and ROI : a peek at some unobserved variables
Weed control economics
Productivity and costs of slash bundling
2009 organic farm management handbook
International journal of business performance management
Innovations and the success of firms
Profit margins in Finnish industry : a panel data analysis
Time for a change
Colds facts, not speculation, focal in security
Cost controls : 25 keys to profitable success
Nordic listing : a mixed blessing
Abstract: The internal analyses of the development of Pori L&T's partnership with a local company.
Capacity options for revenue management : theory and applications in the air cargo industry
Multi-step beef ration optimisation : application of linear and weighted goal programming with a penalty function
Economic impacts of carbon sequestration in reforestation: examples from boreal and moist tropical conditions
Business sense : exercising management's five freedoms
Trade with the USSR accounted for about 15 per cent of Finland's total exports in 1952-1990, peaking at more than a quarter in the early-to-mid 1980s.Such trade is routinely seen to have had a major beneficial impact on the Finnish economy, whether in terms of profitability, diversification or stability.At the same time, trade with the USSR is seen to have had a major negative impact on the economies of the Central European member countries of the CMEA. This paper discusses this paradox, looking at both the institutional arrangements of Finnish - Soviet trade and the available analytical evidence.Much research, however, still remains to be done. Key words: Finland - economic development, East - West trade, bilateralism, clearing. .
The economics of forest disturbances : wildfires, storms and invasive species
Profitability in Swedish manufacturing : trends and explanations
Menu engineering : a practical guide to menu analysis
German cruise market about to wake up
Revenue management with flexible products : models and methods for the broadcasting industry
The most successful small business in the world : the ten principles
The key elements for genetic response in Finnish dairy cattle breeding
How to open a financially successful bed & breakfast or small hotel; with companion CD-ROM
Financial aspects of a small hospitality business planning : through the example of a business plan of a café in Helsinki downtown
Vertical integration in the corrugated packaging industry
The potential, cost-efficiency and impacts of intensified management of Finnish forests for next 100 years were assessed using a national-level scenario analysis. This document serves as a technical description of the applied models and methods, but also includes a brief synthesis of the results. Data from the 10th Finnish National Forest Inventory was used to forecast the consequences of alternative management scenarios. Four final scenarios were constructed using MOTTI stand simulator and linear programming package J. Business-as-usual -scenario was compared to three other options that aimed either at high quality raw material, intensive management resulting both quantity and quality of timber, or at low-cost-low-output (extensive) forestry. If the intensity of forest management will remain at the current level, the growing stock will increase. Increasing amount of high quality raw material for forest industry can be produced but it necessitates also increase in annual management practices. For example, treatment areas of young stand management should be doubled compared to current areas in order to maintain or increase cutting removals of high quality wood. It is possible to increase annual removals in a sustainable manner by applying more intensive forest management that also improves profitability nearly 50%. The annual removals can be ca. 40% higher than the current level, and the annual energy wood removal can be over 10 mill m3. Despite increased removals, sustainable wood and biomass production during next 100 years can be achieved. Intensively managed forest are more efficient capturing carbon from atmosphere than extensively managed forests, but the climate impacts depend on the use of removed carbon (end-products made from the removed wood biomass).
Quality time
Weathering the storm
The profitability of forestry in Finland and Russia
The influence of working capital management on the profitability of listed companies in Vietnam
Should planting of broad-leaved species be encouraged at the expense of spruce? : an economic approach to a current southern Swedish forestry issue
Report by the Commission on the Banking Crisis
Leif Hoegh enjoys record profits in 2001 despite revenue fall
Business cycles, effective working capital management and corporate profitability
Development of service business case practices in case company
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
Making technology investments profitable : ROI roadmap from business case to value realization
The benefits of managing forests for grouse habitats: a contingent valuation experiment
Russian stablization policy and the banking sector, as  reflected in the portfolios of Moscow banks in 1995-97
Business possibilities in Somali and Abyssinian cat breeding
Why women mean business
A theoretical study in the profitability of the firm
At sites with either peat or mineral soils in large areas of boreal forests, high soil-water contents hamper tree growth and drainage can significantly increase growth. Hence, areas covering about 15 × 106 ha of northern peatlands and wet mineral soils have been drained for forestry purposes. Usually ditches gradually deteriorate, thus reducing their functionality as drains, and ditch-network maintenance (DNM) might be needed to maintain stand growth rates enabled by the original ditching. This article reviews current knowledge on establishing the need for DNM in boreal forest stands, subsequent growth responses, and the financial outcome of the activity. The issues covered in the review are: (i) ditching, changes in ditches over time and the need for DNM; (ii) interactions between soil water and both stand properties and stand management; (iii) ground-water level (GWL) and tree growth responses to DNM; and (iv) financial viability of DNM. Conclusions about the current understanding of issues related to DNM are drawn and implications for DNM in practice are summarized. Finally, gaps in knowledge are identified and research needs are suggested.
Project management accounting : budgeting, tracking, and reporting costs and profitability
