http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4259 productivity
productivity
Rural financial services and effects of microfinance on agricultural productivity and on poverty
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
Measuring service productivity
Measuring, managing, and maximizing performance : what every manager needs to know about quality and productivity to make real improvements in performance
Uptime : strategies for excellence in maintenance management
Corporate social responsibility and financial performance : evidence from European companies from years 2005-2013
Practical TPM : successful equipment management at Agilent Technologies
Productivity measurement. 1, Concepts
Deep recessions have typically led to a permanent step down to a lower growth trajectory. However, since the financial crisis of 2008, the growth rate itself has also been exceptionally slow, due to weak growth in total factor productivity. In addition to the recession itself, the slow pace of recovery does, in fact, constitute a significant part of the overall costs of the crisis..
Work simply : embracing the power of your personal productivity style
Growth in services : fostering employment, productivity and innovation
Productivity for the future : the Finnish national productivity campaign for 1993-1995 : report to the Economic Council by the productivity campaign steering committee
Using Information Technology to Increase Business Productivity
New technologies for enhancing competitiveness and productivity in selected sectors
Improving productivity and the quality of work life
Well-being : productivity and happiness at work
How to increase profits with portion control
The year without pants : WordPress.com and the future of work
Harvesting operations in eucalyptus plantations in Thailand
Comparative study of the Risutec Automatic Plant Container (APC) and Bracke planting devices
Overwintering and productivity of Scots pine in a changing climate
Two awesome hours : science-based strategies to harness your best time and get your most important work done
Handbook for productivity measurement and improvement
China's inflationary pressures and their impact on inflation in euro area
Essays on unions, product market power, wages and productivity
The Toyota way : 14 management principles from the world's greatest manufacturer
TeamThink : using the sports connection to develop, motivate and manage a winning business team
Multitasking-Impact of ICT on learning
Productivity & quality management frontiers VI : refereed papers presented at the Sixth International Conference on Productivity and Quality Research, March 16-19, 1997, Houston, Texas, USA. 6
Effects of drain spacing on the economic results of forest drainage investments.
The Impact of Information Communication Technology on Small and Medium Scale Enterprises Productivity In Nigeria
The effects of creative destruction on industry-specific productivity growth : creative destruction during economic shocks
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
Trends in manufacturing productivity
International hotel trends
Summary.
Improvement of environmental stone business : case: K-Rautapohja Oy
Maintenance planning and scheduling handbook
Guard force management
Adapting image processing and clustering methods to productive efficiency analysis and benchmarking : a cross disciplinary approach
Driving service productivity : value-creation through innovation
Performance of a small and a medium sized professional chippers and the impact of storage time on Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) stem wood chips characteristics
Dynamic eco-efficiency analysis : a Malmquist index approach
Employee motivation and its effects on job performance
Self-leadership of Skilled Manual Employees at Vip Juicemaker Oy
Productivity measurement and management at the company level : the Japanese experience
Costing human resources : the financial impact of behavior in organizations
Productivity and technical change
Linking management accounting and control systems, strategy, information technology, manufacturing technology and organizational performance of the firm in contingency framework
Operational performance measurement : increasing total productivity
Modelling the turn-over rate of production system as a performance indicator
Productivity surveys
Productivity measurement and analysis
Improving transport productivity in equipment rental business
Global software engineering : challenges and solutions framework
Ownership structure and productivity in Russian companies
Scrum : the art of doing twice the work in half the time
Essays on production performance assessment
Measuring marketing productivity : linking marketing to financial returns
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
People and productivity
Cost Structure and Profitability Analysis of the John Deere 1490D Slash Bundler in Northern Spain
The role of ICT and high-growth firms : micro-level evidence on job creation and productivity growth
How firm characteristics affect Capital Structure : An Analysis of Finnish Technology Industry
Productivity and competitiveness
Monetary policy will continue to support price stability and growth
Reloading mechanized tree planting devices faster using a seedling tray carousel
Timber harvester operators' working technique in first thinning and the importance of cognitive abilities on work productivity
Changing tomorrow in customer experience
Integrative management, innovation and new venturing : a guide to sustained profitability
The finnish national productivity programme for 1996-1999 : final report to the Economic Council by the National Productivity Programme Steering Committee
Essays on information and communications technology, structural change, and economic growth
Improving productivity through people skills : dimensional management strategies
Feasibility study to improve the productivity of pre-assembly : make-or-buy analysis
Contrasting effects of season and method of harvest on soil properties and the growth of black spruce regeneration in the boreal forested peatlands of eastern Canada
Why does software cost so much? : and other puzzles of the information age
Impacts of the fertilizer subsidy programme in Malawi : targeting, household perceptions and preferences
Implications of the non-homogeneity of standard and overtime hours on the structure and cyclical adjustment of labor input
Safety, health and productivity of cold work:a management model, implementation and effects
Of the various factors of uncertainty surrounding the international economic outlook at the present time, a substantial proportion relates to policy choices. Much expectation focuses on US economic policy in the immediate years ahead, but so far no details are known. Meanwhile, the United Kingdom's new arrangements in respect of its international economic relations remain undecided, while the UK Government's detailed objectives are not entirely clear. Politically motivated uncertainties regarding the economic outlook are also to be found elsewhere in Europe and beyond..
Productivity of two confiqurations of Heinola TT-97 RMS chipper and logistics comparison
Improving the profitability with the tools of revenue management : a development plan for the Copthorne Hotel Hanover
Green productivity programs and activities in the Asia-Pacific region : the experiences of selected NPOs
Perspectives on variation in species richness : area, energy and habitat heterogeneity
Masters of their own time? Working carers’s visions about combining retirement and caring
Comparison of a whole tree bundler and a harwarder in small diameter energy wood procurement
Effects of forest management on sustainability of integrated timber and energy wood production : scenario analysis based on ecosystem model simulations
Measuring productivity : Measurement of aggregate and industry-level productivity growth : OECD manual
Terminologie de la productivité = Terminology of productivity
Working environment as a competition factor in the service industry?.
Is recovery a myth?
The role of high-tech capital formation for Swedish productivity growth
Productivity measurement : an international review of concepts, techniques, programmes and current issues
Improving profitability of the royal spa : development plan for the Royal Spa Department - Corinthia Grand Hotel Royal
Productivity improvements at small manufacturing company's shop-floor
The non-parametric distance function approach in the measurement of productive performance : evaluation of the method and application to the Finnish local telecommunication industry
In a world moving towards services, driving service productivity is a central challenge for leaders and members of all types of organisations: for service businesses there is a clear need to be 'productive', but it is far less clear what this exactly means. In this book, we invite you on a journey that explores the ways, tools and options for driving service productivity. We take an innovator's perspectives and look at the tricky challenge of service productivity as a landscape of options for designing the future of services. Case examples, from the airport, hotel, healthcare, and professional service industry, offer insights in the methods used and approaches taken in business practice. Research results provide food for thought and valuable advice on the path towards superior service productivity. Throughout the book we also listen to the views and advices of interviewed experts from academia as well as business practice on how to drive service productivity. A forecast on how service productivity and service innovation might evolve in the future provides us - and hopefully you as a reader - with the necessary food for thought to develop our own understanding of driving service productivity in different business settings. Overall, this book is not a traditional 'academic product' that summarises the views of a few, but a co-created offering that profited enormously from the contributions of so many.
Accounting and financial management : developments in the international hospitality industry
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
Productivity and services : safety telephone services for the elderly
Effects of land tenure and property rights on agricultural productivity in Ethiopia, Namibia and Bangladesh
Productivity, technology and capital : economic analysis, managerial strategies and goverment policies
R&D-Based Endogenous Growth in Finland : A Comparative Study on the Semi-Endogenous and the Schumpeterian Growth Models
Crop and soil specific N and P efficiency and productivity in Finland
Comparison of short-wood forwarding systems used in Iberia
Software development practices are under constant benchmarking and corporations aspire to improve productivity by collecting metrics. Valid, comparable metrics can act as support in decision making when selecting subcontractors and they can benefit by helping to indicate various kinds of issues in Research & Development processes. The objective of the thesis was to clarify the present situation and to collect a list of improvement items, and then with these findings to aim to develop a model for evaluating the projects. The present status was assessed by interviewing people involved with project work and metrics development. As a solution, a proposal on how a set of project types should be identified and only compare matching projects within each type was formed. The different kinds of essential project metrics were also studied. In addition, a proposal for productivity metrics model was created. The purpose of the metric is to evaluate a project team's performance and, if needed, to monitor velocity. The proposal is a combination of other widely-known productivity metrics. Observations made during the writing process indicate that the metrics process has been studied extensively by the company and the process is still under constant development. One of the reasons for this is that development teams are now using Agile development processes instead of the more familiar waterfall model. However, there was room for improvement and the models introduced in this thesis will be piloted with selected projects. The models will be developed further according to the findings from the pilots.
Productivity of the M-Planter tree-planting device in practice
Structural reforms can provide an answer to lean years in global economy
Evaluation of ergonomics and efficacy of instruments in dentistry
Productivity measurement. 2, Plant level measurements methods and results
Efficiency and productivity change : a micro data case study of the Colombian cement industry
The business of creativity : how to build the right team for success
Factor productivity and technical change in the Finnish iron foundry industry, 1978-1985
Cash-based profitability and financing of industries, Finland 1961-1973, Sweden 1966-1974
Holistic work system design and management : a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers' work outside the cab
The effect of environmental uncertainty, management control systems and strategy on performance
Insure or invest in green technologies to protect against adverse weather events?
Political effectiveness of agricultural policies : an empirical analysis
Cooking for profit
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
High output management
Sector dynamics : productivity and economic growth in Europe : a panel data analysis
Public capital and private sector productivity - a Finnish perspective
Structural reforms are playing an increasingly important role in the recovery of long-term outlook for growth. Globally, growth has been slow since the Great Recession. Reasons for this have been sought from both supply- and demand-side factors. At least some of the problems are structural and cannot be addressed with counter-cyclical stimulus policies.
Current status and upcoming needs in SME's in Northern regions of Finland, Norway and Sweden : technologies, personnel, market and ICT in the business process
Trends in the hotel business
Transport investment in railways to generate knowledge transfer from interfirm worker mobility
Effects of climate change and management on growth of Norway spruce in boreal conditions : an approach based on ecosystem model
Determining Production Lot Sizes and Reorder Points in the Manufacturing of Moulded Fibre
The primary aim of this study was to clarify the chipping productivity and fuel consumption of tractor-powered and truck-mounted drum chippers when chipping pine pulpwood at a terminal. The secondary aim was to evaluate the impact of wood storage time on the chemical and physical technical specifications of wood chips by chipping pulpwood from eight different storage time groups, using Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) pulpwood stems logged between 2 and 21 months previously at the terminal with the above-mentioned chippers. Thirdly, the impact of sieve mesh size on the particle size distribution of wood chips from different age groups was compared by using an 80 mm × 80 mm sieve for a tractor-powered chipper and a 100 mm × 100 mm sieve for a truck-mounted chipper. With both chippers, the chipping productivity grew as a function of grapple load weight. The average chipping productivity of the tractor-powered chipper unit was 19 508 kg (dry mass) per effective hour (E0h), and for the truck-mounted chipper the average productivity was 31 184 kg E0h-1. The tractor-powered drum chipper's fuel consumption was 3.1 litres and for the truck-mounted chipper 3.3 litres per chipped 1000 kg (dry mass). The amount of extractives or volatiles did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences between storage time groups. The particle size distributions with both chippers were quite uniform, and the storage time of pulpwood did not have a significant effect on the particle size distribution in any chip size classes. One reason for this might be that the basic density of chipped wood was homogenous and there was no statistical difference between different storage times. The use of new sharp knives is likely to have affected chip quality, as witnessed by the absence of oversized particles and the moderate presence of fines. The use of narrower 80 mm × 80 mm sieves on Scots pine material does not seem to offer any benefit compared to 100 mm × 100 mm from the chip quality point of view..
Safety, health and productivity of cold work : a management model, implementation and effects
Managing human resources : productivity, quality of work life, profits
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
The impact of working hours and other factors on production and employment
Improving public sector productivity : concepts and practice
China was able to combine slow inflation with very rapid economic growth for more than a decade. Finally, in 2007 inflation started to accelerate and there are a number of factors that may increase the pressure on China's price level in the near future. Most importantly, money supply growth is expected to remain rapid due to the ballooning foreign currency inflows. In addition, according to some estimates, economic growth has accelereated above its long-term potential and also a number of structural factors are likely to push production costs up. Counterbalancing part of the rising costs, productivity growth has somewhat accelerated during recent years. With low cost levels and fastly growing exports, China is believed to have exported deflation into its trading partners in recent years. However, due to the fact that the direct impacts of globalisation on inflation in the advanced economies have been moderate, also the effect of a possible rise in China's cost leve!  l on inflation in eg euro area is expected to remain small. However, the indirect impacts on price dynamics are much more difficult to forecast.  Keywords: China, inflation, monetary policy .
Deregulation as a means to increase competition : Some Finnish experiences
Expedient total productivity measurement
Total factor productivity growth : an empirical analysis of Zimbabwe's manufacturing sector based on factor demand modelling
Utilization and maintenance of capacity, and lifetime of investment in a monopolistic firm
The performance imperative : strategies for enhancing workforce effectiveness
Effects of forest management and climate change on energy biomass and timber production with implications for carbon stocks and net CO2 exchange in boreal forest ecosystems
Two felling methods in final cutting of shelterwood, single-grip harvester productivity and damage to the regeneration
The problem of productivity in cooperation - especially in cooperative retail trade
Resource productivity in the information age
Estimating technical efficiency, productivity growth and selectivity bias using rotating panel data : an application to Swedish agriculture
Riding the creative rollercoaster : how leaders evoke creativity, productivity and innovation
Total productivity and its relation to throughput accounting : a deductive single-case study of electronics contract manufacturing
Final report : Tripartite Meeting on Productivity and Employment in Commerce and Offices, Geneva 19-25 October 1994
Improving total productivity : MBO strategies for business, government and not-for-profit organizations
Redesigning animal agriculture : the challenge of the 21st century
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
The measurement of portfolio performance : an introduction
Developing Empower's DNA network construction process at Lohja
Japanese educational productivity
Profit from foodservice : a question and answer approach
Balanced Scorecard for Olvi Plc
Energy wood and pulpwood harvesting from young stands using a prototype whole-tree bundler
Why is Finland trailing its peers?
Engaged or exhausted : how does it affect dentists' clinical productivity?
Vegetable productivity : the role of vegetables in feeding people and livestock : proceedings of a Symposium held at the Royal Geographical Society, London, on 27 and 28 September 1979
Construction productivity : a practical guide for building and electrical contractors
Construction productivity management
Participation and democracy at work : essays in honour of Harvie Ramsay
Revenue management : hard-core tactics for market domination
Mergers and acquisitions in electronic contract manufacturing
Smarter faster better : the secrets of productivity in life and business
Econometric studies of public support to entrepreneurship
Rest : why you get more done when you work less
Positive and Negative Effects of Friendship at the Workplace
Productivity analysis at the organizational level
Project evaluation model
Market structure, strategy formulation, and firm profitability : the theory of strategic groups and mobility barriers
Leadership and productivity : some facts of industrial life
Factors of productivity performance by plant generation : some findings from Finnish manufacturing
Productivity in organizations : new perspectives from industrial and organizational psychology
Technology and structural change : productivity in the Finnish manufacturing industries, 1925-2000
How fashion works : couture, ready-to-wear and mass production
Crop productivity
Developing reverse logistics in rental returns management : case: 3 Step IT Group Oy
Utilization and maintenance of production capacity and lifetime of investment as a problem of optimal control theory
Achieving service productivity : lessons from the best in the world
Food preparation
In Finland, economic growth has been weak since the onset of the financial crisis. According to the most recent forecast by the European Commission, GDP growth in Finland is expected to remain among the slowest in the euro area in the coming years - alongside Greece. The factors underlying the subdued development in GDP can be examined by comparing Finland with other small EU countries, i.e. the Netherlands, Belgium, Ireland, Austria, Sweden and Denmark. These countries constitute a meaningful peer group because they are relatively open economies with a similar degree of development..
Comparison of productivity, cost and environmental impacts of two harvesting methods in Northern Iran : short-log vs. long-log
Inter-firm comparison : an incentive to productivity : papers presented at the International Conference on Inter-Firm Comparison, Vienna, 17th-20th September, 1956.
Conceptualizing productivity in services
Productivity growth and the new economy
High levels of psychological well-being amongst employees translate into good news for the organization, including lower sickness-absence levels, attraction and retention of talented people, and more satisfied customers, clients, or service users. People with higher levels of psychological well-being work better, live longer and have happier lives. Engagement and well-being can sustain each other and lead to a healthier and more productive organization, a win-win for employees and employers.
The role of process conformance and developers' skills in the context of test-driven development
Competitiveness and business environment in Finland : an international benchmarking
Describes the management principles of Lean production that are employed by Toyota.
Lean Six Sigma for service : how to use Lean Speed and Six Sigma Quality to improve services and transactions
Successful food costing and portion control : a modern guide to profitable catering management
Introduction to work study
Effects of three harvesting work methods on Harwarder productivity in final felling
Rent sharing and efficiency wages
Aggregate economic fluctuations and regional convergence : the Finnish case 1988-95
Harvennuspuun koneelliset korjuuvaihtoehdot : HARKO-projektin (1999-2001) loppuraportti = Alternative harvesting systems in mechanised thinning: final report of HARKO Project (1999-2001)
Improvement of Environmental Stone Business  : Case: K-Rautapohja Oy
The measurement of productive efficiency : techniques and applications
Too poor to be efficient? : impacts of the targeted fertilizer subsidy programme in Malawi on farm plot level input use, crop choice and land productivity
Replacement decisions on Finnish dairy farms : toward better economic performance with novel technology and sustainable herds
