http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p425 healing
healing
Healing in the in the [sic] theology of Saint Ephrem
Interactive two-step training and management strategy for improvement of the quality of point-of-care testing by nurses:implementation of the strategy in blood glucose measurement
Strengthening of groundwood pulp through chemical post-treatment
Music and meaning : opening minds in the caring and healing professions
Development of an eco- and material-efficient pellet production chain : a chemical study
Religion and science as forms of life : anthropological insights into reason and unreason
Healing imagery & music : pathways to the inner self
Ethnotherapien : therapeutische Konzepte im Kulturvergleich = Ethnotherapies : therapeutic concepts in transcultural comparison
The good people
Modern Japanese religions : with special emphasis upon their doctrines of healing
The performance of healing
From where does the bad wind blow? : spiritual healing and witchcraft in Lusaka, Zambia
Pandemic : the cure
Religious healing in the Veda : with translations and annotations of medical hymns in the Ṛgveda and the Atharvaveda and renderings from the corresponding ritual texts
The spirit who speaks : God's supernatural intervention in your life
"The basic focus which this book is concerned with, a strong new pact has been forged between Theology and Art History. Carefully calibrated methodologies have been developed to unite the world of the word and the world of the visual medium as a truly interdisciplinary research object. Historical-critical exegesis, church history, iconology and cultural anthropology together provide foundational support for knowledge of broader visual themes, and the functions of works of art. In their interplay they become the gateway to the "Interspaces of word, gaze and touch" -- Back cover.
One million mandalas : for you to create, print and colour
Zionism and faith-healing in Rhodesia : aspects of African independent churches
Continual Service Improvement based on ITIL V3 : a Management Guide
This other kind of doctors : traditional medical systems in black neighborhoods in Austin, Texas
The anatomy of violence : the biological roots of crime
Healing dramas : divination and magic in modern Puerto Rico
"Examines literary portrayals of women who practice healing and love magic, and argues that these figures were modeled on informally trained practitioners common in the magico-medical paradigm of the high Middle Ages, and were well-respected and successful"--Provided by publisher.
Mind over medicine : scientific proof you can heal yourself
Why people don't heal and how they can
Software process capability and maturity determination:BOOTSTRAP methodology and its evolution
Natural healing for schizophrenia and other common mental disorders
Wondrous healing : shamanism, human evolution, and the origin of religion
Lean production implementation and itschallenges
The miraculous conformist : Valentine Greatrakes, the body politic, and the politics of healing in Restoration Britain
Communicationg with animals : how to tune into them intuitively
American Shaman : an Odyssey of global healing traditions
Medical Ethnomusicology is a new field of integrative and holistic research and applied practice that approaches music, health, and healing anew, engaging the biological, psychological, emotional, social, and spiritual domains of human life that frame and inform our experiences of health and healing, illness and disease, life and death. The power of music to create health and healing at the individual, community, and societal levels is not only linked to these domains of human life, but is intimately interwoven with the ever present and multifaceted frame of culture, which is often where meaning lies, and is a key factor that creates or inhibits efficacy. The Oxford Handbook of Medical Ethnomusicology appeals to all those interested in music, medicine, and culture, and represents a new stage of collaborative discourse among researchers and practitioners who embrace and incorporate knowledge from a diversity of fields.Importantly, such knowledge, by definition, spans the globe of traditional cultural practices of music, spirituality, and medicine, including biomedical, integrative, complementary, and alternative models; is rooted in new physics, philosophy, psychology, sociology, cognitive science, linguistics, medical anthropology, and of course, music, dance, and all the healing arts. : The book is more than the first collected volume to establish the discipline of medical ethnomusicology and express its broad potential; it is also an expression of a wider paradigm shift of innovative thinking and collaboration that fully embraces both the health sciences and the healing arts. The authors encourage the development of this new paradigm through an openness to and engagement of knowledge from diverse research areas and domains of human life conventionally viewed as disparate, yet laden with potential benefits for an improved or vibrant quality of life, prevention of illness and disease, even cure and healing.
The reconnection : heal others, heal yourself
Spirits of Protestantism : medicine, healing, and liberal Christianity
Enhancing the performance of ad hoc networking by lower layer design
The world of shamanism : new views of an ancient tradition
Healing sounds : the power of harmonics
Carol Spenser's style direction for men
Application of ISO 9001 quality management standards
Fundamental concepts of quality improvement
Sexual abuse survivors and the complex of traditional healing : (G)local prospects in the aftermath of an African war
Shamans, priests and witches : a cross-cultural study of magico-religious practitioners
Global pentecostal and charismatic healing
Nourishing broth : an old-fashioned remedy for the modern world
To want to learn : insights and provocations for engaged learning
Saved by the blues : 36 stories of transformation through blues music and dancing
Development and processing of low carbon bainitic steels
Dr. Fulford's touch of life : the healing power of the natural life force
The enneagram of society : healing the soul to heal the world
Studies in the history of alternative medicine
Integrating traditional healing practices into counseling and psychotherapy
"Belianis an exceptionally lively tradition of shamanistic curing rituals performed by the Luangans, a politically marginalized population of Indonesian Borneo. This volume explores the significance of these rituals in practice and asks what belian rituals do - socially, politically, and existentially - for particular people in particular circumstances. Departing from the conception that rituals exist as ethereal, liminal or insulated traditional domains, this volume demonstrates the importance of understanding rituals as emergent within their specific historical and social settings. It offers an analysis of a number of concrete ritual performances, exemplifying a diversity of ritual genres, stylistic modalities and sensual ambiences, from low-key, habitual affairs to drawn-out, crowd-seizing community rituals and innovative, montage-like cultural experiments"--
This title tells the compelling story of Irish healer Valentine Greatrakes and outlines his place in the history of 17th-century Britain, revealing a fascinating account of his engagement with important events of the period, including the Irish Rebellion of 1641, the English civil wars, the Cromwellian Conquest of Ireland, and the Restoration of 1660.
Chemical modification of single-walled carbon nanotubes via alkali metal reduction
How to Heal : a Guide for Caregivers
Global tangos : travels in the transnational imaginary
Shipwrecked in Okinawa, Sarasa has met Doctor Basho, who has healed her eyes, and Shuri, who has fled a coup in Sanyo. Together, they must help stop a plot to kill Okinawa's president and protect the independent nation from invasions / WorldCat.
The living matrix : a film on the new science of healing
Embodied knowledge : historical perspectives on belief and technology
Speech enhancement : theory and practice
Ritual healing : magic, ritual and medical therapy from antiquity until the early modern period
Ritual retellings : Luangan healing performances through practice
Bandwidth enhanced antennas for mobile terminals and multilayer ceramic packages
Divine worship and human healing : liturgical theology at the margins of life and death
Quasi-static scheduling for fine-grained embedded multiprocessing
Spiritual transformation and healing : anthropological, theological, neuroscientific, and clinical perspectives
California Indian shamanism
Advanced theta healing : [harnessing the power of all that Is]
Culture, disease and healing : studies in medical anthropology
Science and Orthodox life
Dreams of the Reiki Shaman : expanding your healing power
Application manual for heat exchangers in power plants
The healing power of plants and trees: Sápmi
Training that delivers results : instructional design that aligns with business goals
Art heals : how creativity cures the soul
What is reiki?
In the name of Jesus! : healing in the age of HIV
101 technologies from the south or the south
Interspaces between word, gaze and touch : the Bible and the visual medium in the Middle Ages : collected essays on 'Noli me tangere', the woman with the haemorrhage, the head of John the Baptist
Healing your spine : rebalance your self and gain access to your entire life force
This thesis was commissioned by Wärtsilä Technical Service. The aim was to survey and report processes concerning engine service tools and to make conclusions about mistakes in tool deliveries and tool usability to be able to avoid same mistakes in future. Mostly the survey concerned tool configuration, identification, design and delivery processes. The starting point of the survey was that many problems occur in the engine service tool deliveries and usability. These errors created work for the Technical Service a lot during the last few years. Because of lack of resources, no one had examined the problems properly. Most of the problems were related to the tool identification process. Needs for development were also found in the design process, configuration process and internal information management. During the survey, information was collected from colleagues, intranet, busines management software, internet and from literary sources. Statistical analysis about error deliverys was made and analyzed. During the survey, it was found difficult to collect information inside a large organisation. Conclusions about the present situation were made and needs for development found. These development ideas were represented for the interested parties.
Truly beyond wonders : Aelius Aristides and the cult of Asklepios
Pandemic Iberia
I can handle it! : how to have a confident child
Utilisation of non-linear modelling methods in flue-gas oxygen-content control
Heterodox healing and alternative religion in the 20th century : an English spiritual healing practice in Finland
Medicinaland aromatic plants in Asia : breeding and improvement
Raising Lazarus : integral healing in orthodox Christianity
The book of chakra healing
Leechcraft : Early English charms, plant lore, and healing
Pastoral drama and healing in early modern Italy
Evaluation as a tool for research, learning and making things better
The Liber de diversis medicinis in the Thornton Manuscript (ms. Lincoln cathedral A.5.2)
This publication starts from a particular passage in the New Testament that tells the story of a “woman with an issue of blood.” The gospel relates how the so-called Haemorrhoissa is healed the very moment she touches Christ's garment. This publication forms the first - and so far the only – interdisciplinary study of this particular biblical motif from an exegetical, art-historical and anthropological point of view. Contributing scholars interpret the impact of this biblical miracle on Christian texts, material culture and healing archetypes in the Middle Ages and Early Modernity. The story and its Nachleben in literary commentaries and various iconographies unveil a particular energy in Christendom related to ideas about the female body, the role of textile, and the magical impact of touch. The Woman with the Blood Flow (Mark 5:24-34). Narrative, Iconic, and Anthropological Spaces contributes to all research in the humanities concerned with gender, the sensorium, Judeo-Christian attitudes towards blood and taboo, and early Christian material culture in the East and West. Its trajectory ultimately reveals the crucial mystery at the heart of image-making as such.
Santeria healing in Cuba
Illness and healing alternatives in Western Europe
Improvement of resource efficiency in deinked pulp mill
This text explains why beliefs in supernatural forces - ghosts, poltergeists, witches, and spirits - are based on universal experience. The author maintains that beliefs in mysterious anomalies such as estatic trances, apparitions, extra-sensory perceptions, out-of-body experiences, psychokinesis, firewalking, and miraculous recovery are predicated upon evolutionary psychology. Such beliefs reveal a spiritual impulse in the human species. He aims to demonstrate that age-old healing rituals such as chanting and rythmic dancing have scientically verifiable benefits.
Improving Quality in Evolving Software Development Team Practices
It's getting better all the time : 100 greatest trends of the last 100 years
Towards an HIV and AIDS competent church : an ecumenical handbook for defining HIV and AIDS competency
Strategic benchmarking reloaded with Six Sigma : improve your company's performance using global best practice
The Oxford handbook of medical ethnomusicology
The function of myth in Akan healing experience : a psychological inquiry into two traditional Akan healing communities
Student voice, teacher action research and classroom improvement
Kaizen in Logistics and Supply Chains
The Greek language of healing from Homer to New Testament times
The royal touch in early modern England : politics, medicine and sin
In an age of global threats to human health - including, most devastatingly, HIV and AIDS - it is time for Christians to ask: What is the role of faith in healing? This volume, forged in Africans' experience with HIV, searches for a new and positive Christian perspective on healing, rooted in biblical traditions, yet informed by contemporary medicine and pastoral care. Tensions created by faith healing practices, the spread of anti-retroviral therapy, the healing traditions of African indigenous religions, the advent of a new generation facing HIV, and the variety of Christian approaches to sickness and health - all come into consideration as theologians, pastors, historians of religion, and others address the most existentially pressing issue for the church in Africa. An invaluable guide to the situation and possibilities in African Christians' battle against HIV, In the Name of Jesus! is also a profound encounter with the wellsprings of Christian relevance to the human future.
Panaceia's daughters : noblewomen as healers in early modern Germany
Women healing/healing women : the genderization of healing in early Christianity
Training That Delivers Results offers a far better way to educate employees, one that connects learning solutions with strategic business goals. Rather than being told what to teach, proactive designers collect data to define problems and develop training interventions. Written by one of the originators of computer-based training, Handshaw's results-oriented model is systematic, yet flexible, and works for both instructor-led training and e-learning.
Santería healing in Cuba
"A step-by-step guide that takes the mystery out of rewriting and leads the writer through a series of focused passes which address the core fundamentals of screenwriting resulting in a polished, professional screenplay"--
The woman with the blood flow (Mark 5:24-34) : narrative, iconic, and anthropological spaces
We have no microbes here : healing practices in a Turkish Black Sea village
From images to point clouds : practical considerations for three-dimensional computer vision
Health is wholeness : the Limuru Conference, February 1970.
"Pastoral Drama and Healing in Early Modern Italy" represents the first full length study to confront seriously the well rehearsed analogy of the pastoral poet as healer. Usually associated with the edifying function of the Renaissance pastoral, this analogy, if engaged more profoundly, raises a number of questions that remain unanswered to this day. How does the pastoral heal? How exactly do the inner workings of the text cater to the healing? What socio-cultural conventions make the healing possible? What are the major problems that pastoral poetry as mimesis must overcome to make its healing morally legitimate? In the wake of Derrida's seminal work on the Platonic pharmakon, which has in turn led recent criticism to formulate a much more concrete understanding of the theater/drug analogy, the stringent approach to the therapeutic function of the Renaissance pastoral offered in this work provides a valuable critical tool to unpack the complexity contained within a little-understood cliche.
Tomographic image reconstruction with incomplete projection data
Towards the breaking day : an Ethnography of belian curing rituals among the Luangans of Indonesian Borneo
Health, illnesses and healing in Bholung
Shamanic worlds : rituals and lore of Siberia and Central Asia
Service tools for diesel engine
Spiritual therapy : how the physician, psychiatrist and minister collaborate in healing
My journey with the angels
It's the mid-19th century and diseases are spreading fast on the Iberian peninsula. Your mission? As members of The Second Royal Philanthropic Expedition, you must research four deadly diseases: malaria, typhus cholera and yellow fever. From Barcelona to Lisboa, you will travel by carriage, boat, and train to help the Iberian populace. In addition to treating patients and sharing your research, you will develop railways and purify water to help you contain the spread of diseases.
Wherever you go there you are : mindfulness meditation for everyday life
Screenwriting is rewriting : the art and craft of professional revision
The medicine men : Oglala Sioux ceremony and healing
Empathy and healing : essays in medical and narrative anthropology
The devil, disease and deliverance : origins of illness in New Testament thought
Folk medicine and herbal healing
Love cures : healing and love magic in old French romance
Ecological Infrastructures : ideabook on functional biodiversity at the farm level ; temperate zoones of Europa = Ökologische Infrastrukturen ; Ideenbuch zur funktionalen Biodiversität auf Betriebsebene ; gemässigte Zonen Europas
"In its efforts to assist post-conflict societies in africa the international aid community has acitvely promoted projects of psycho-social healing among people traumatized during wars and violent conflict. To a large degree these projects have been established in the tradtion of Western psychology. More recently, however, it has been realized in order to help survivors of war effectivley it is necessary to adapt projects and enhance "local" psycho-social healing. This policy report locates the structures - with local legitimacy - that are available to young people who experienced sexual abuse during the Sierra Leone civil war (1991-2002). To this end, this booklet discusses a healing complex that comprises a number of overlapping actors, including herbalists, Zoe Mammies (heads of the female secret societies), Mori-men (Muslim healers); Karamokos (Muslim teachers) and Christian pastors." --Publisher's description.
Barbara Soros draws on the ancient wisdom of the Tibetan people to narrate the touching story of a young boy named Tenzin and the wounded musk deer he encounters in the woods. By paying heed to his dreams and to the needs of the animal he has rescued, Tenzin is able to cure the deer. But soon he discovers that he must learn one of the most important lessons of all: how to love deeply enough to let go. The lush, intricate illustrations evoke the emotional depth of this tale that encourages the Buddhist virtues of nonviolence, compassion and the rejection of materialism. / WorldCat.
Improvement of recombinant protein production in shaken cultures : focus on aeration and enzyme-controlled glucose feeding
Illumination : the shaman's way of healing
Continuous improvement : simple steps to win, insights and opportunities for maxing out success
Sound medicine : the complete guide to healing with the human voice
Water cures: drugs kill : how water cured incurable diseases
"If there is one skill that separates the professional screenwriter from the amateur, it is his or her ability to rewrite successfully. But rewriting can be confusing and difficult even for the most battle-hardened screenwriter. From the screenwriter of Top Gun, Dick Tracy and The Secret of My Success comes a comprehensive guide that explores the art and craft of rewriting. Jack Epps, Jr. guides the writer to identify the weaknesses in his screenplay by using the pass method to solve individual story or character problems one at a time, rather than the common model of trying to fix everything in one giant rewrite, by taking the writer on a journey from First Draft to Final Polish. With Screenwriting is Rewriting, Epps gives practical tips on organizing notes, creating a game plan, and then executing a series of precision focused passes that address the major story, character and plot issues. He includes sample notes, game plans and beat sheets from the his own work on films such as Sister Act, Tootsie and Top Gun. Also included are exclusive interviews about rewriting with screenwriting masters Robert Towne (Chinatown), Frank Pierson (Dog Day Afternoon), and Susannah Grant (Erin Brockovich), and a companion website containing an instructor's guide for a 10 week term or 16 week semester"--
What is sound healing?
Healing at the speed of sound : how what we hear transforms our brains and our lives
Healing as empowerment : discovering grace in community
"La danza che cura" : dancers' perceptions of Southern Italian Tarantella
The Healer's handbook : a journey into hyperspace
Rhythm is the cure : southern Italian tambourine : dedicated to the healing powers of the tarantella rhythm
Improving the trade fair attendance : case : HK Instruments
Royal tour
Everyday spirits and medical interventions : ethnographic and historical notes on therapeutic conventions in Zanzibar Town
"The Science of spiritual medicine" : orthodox psychotherapy in action
Jesus' defeat of death : persuading Mark's early readers
The Exorcism stories in Luke-Acts : a sociostylistic reading
Environmental engineering. [Vol. 1], Water, wastewater, soil and groundwater treatment and remediation
Insight and social betterment : a preface to applied social science
Pedagogical analysis of physical fitness testing in adults with intellectual disability
