http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4254 tide
tide
The China coaster's tide book and nautical pocket manual for the year 1903 : containing matters concerning tides and tidal streams, and a mass of miscellaneous information for the coast of China, etc
Sustainable energy : choosing among options
Suspended sediment transport and sediment reworking at an intertidal mudflat, the Danish Wadden Sea
The natural navigator
American practical navigator : An epitome of navigation and nautical astronomy
Observing the earth tides with a long water-tube tilt meter
The physics of sailing explained
The lights and tides of the world, including a description of all the fog-signals
Admiralty Tidal Handbook N.P.122(1) : The Admiralty method of long period observations for harmonic tidal analysis
Intertidal fishes : life in two worlds
High tide, low tide
Chemical interaction of fresh and saline waters with compacted bentonite
The East River tidal barrage : a Symposium on a Multipurpose Addition to New York City's Infrastructure
A sailor's guide to wind, waves and tides
Admiralty tide tables : Volume 3, 2010, Indian Ocean and South China Sea (including tidal stream tables
Water in action : encounters among 2- to 3-year-old children, adults, and water in day care
English Channel : pocket tidal stream atlas
Gaussian and mean curvatures of earth tides and postglacial land uplift, and their effects on earthquakes
Accountable arguments : a rhetorical and ethnomethodological approach to local level argumentation on the rearrangement of land and water rights in the Saami area
Admiralty tide tables : volume 1 : 1977 : European waters : including Mediterranean Sea
People and the intertidal : human induced changes, biodiversity loss, livelihood implications and management in the Western Indian Ocean
Moonstruck : how lunar cycles affect life
Water : its global nature
Guide to the oceans
The sea-beach at ebb-tide : a guide to the study of the seaweeds and the lower animal life found between tide-marks
Tides : D. H. Macmillan
Ten technologies to fix energy and climate
Floods in the WHO European region : health effects and their prevention
Admiralty tide tables : volume 1 : 1971 : European waters : including Mediterranean Sea
On the tide-generating forces
Admiralty tide tables : Europe (excluding United Kingdom and Ireland), Mediterranean Sea and Atlantic Ocean. Volume 2.
Brown's tidal streams in twelve charts for each hour of the tide at Dover
Groundwater−surface water interactions in snow-type catchments : integrated resources
Herbivory on willows : abiotic constraints and trophic interactions
About planet earth
Tide tables : high and low water predictions. East Coast of North and South America including Greenland
Tidal computations in rivers and coastal waters
Tide tables for standard ports in the United Kingdom and othparts of the world for the year 1915 ..
Fish out of place : evaluating the impact of fish introductions on freshwater ecosystems
Admiralty Tidal Handbook N.P.122(3) : The Admiralty method of harmonic tidal analysis for short period observations
Childcraft. 6, Our world
North Sea Passage pilot
Brown's nautical almanac : daily tide tables for.... 2008
Brown's nautical almanac : daily tide tables for 2009
Estuaries : a physical introduction
Natural disasters : Tidal waves and flooding
Tides : a scientific history
The winter bird community of river corridors in eastern England in relation to habitat variables
An introduction to the world's oceans
Handbook of tide tables, particulars of docks, &c
A complete epitome of practical navigation, and nautical astonomy, containing all necessary instructions for keeping a ship's reckoning at sea
Groundwater-surface water interactions in esker aquifers:from field measurements to fully integrated numerical modelling
The moon
In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery.
Tide : the science and lore of the greatest force on earth
Sea change : a tidal journey around Britain
Land uplift and sea level variability spectrum using fully measured monthly means of tide gauge readings
Brown's tidal streams in twelve charts for each hour of the tide at Dover ... : by an Experienced Pilot
Ocean energy : tide and tidal power
The use of space and food resources by purple sandpipers (Calidris maritima) in a high arctic estuary in relation to tidal dynamics
The admiralty tide and tidal stream tables. Vol. 2, Atlantic and Indian Oceans : for the year 1958
The analysis of tides
Energy and the new reality. Vol. 2, Carbon-free energy supply
The 11th International Symposium on Earth Tides, Helsinki, Finland 31.7.-5.8.1989 : abstracts
Competitor analysis for Hammerfest Strom in Indonesia
Reduction to soundings for 1915
Beyond the moon : a conversational common sense guide to understanding the tides
Brown's tidal streams : in twelve charts : for each hour of the tide at Dover
Complex interactions in lake communities
The arctic region is predicted to experience the earliest and most pronounced global warming response to human-induced climatic change. This book synthesizes information on the physiological ecology of arctic plants, discusses how physiological processes influence ecosystem processes, and explores how climate warming will affect arctic plants, plant communities, and ecosystem processes. It reviews the physiological ecology of arctic plants. It explores biotic controls over community and ecosystems processes. It provides physiological bases for predicting how the Arctic will respond to global climate change.
Arctic ecosystems in a changing climate : an ecophysiological perspective
Causes of catastrophe : earthquakes, volcanoes, tidal waves, and hurricanes
"In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery."
Tide tables for the british and irish ports for the year 1909.
Offshore renewable energy : accelerating the deployment of offshore wind, tidal and wave technologies
Waves and tides
Admiralty manual of tides
Exploring the oceans
Ocean circulation physics
Brown's tidal streams in twelve charts for each hour of the tide at Dover : showing how the tide is running at any hour around the whole of the British coasts, Ireland and the North Sea
Proceedings SUSDEV-CHINA Symposium : sustainable agroecosystem management and development of rural-urban interaction in regions and cities of China
Sediment/freshwater interaction : proceedings of the second international symposium held in Kingston, Ontario, 15-18 June 1981
The analysis of tidal stream power
Renewable energy : a user's guide
The role of compensatory processes in determining the yield from whitefish (Coregonus lavaretus L. s.l.) stocking in inland waters in northern Finland
