http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4268 division of labour
division of labour
Gender and jobs : sex segregation of occupations in the world
Managing transport enterprise with specialized technique during economical recession
Resource policy in the context of a new international division of labour : the case of Southern African region
Work and inequality
Feminism and materialism : women and modes of production
Inside the household : from labour to care
Women and household labor
Occupational segregation and pay differentials by gender
Flexible outsourcing, profit sharing and equilibrium unemployment
Tiivistelmä: Realisation of primary nursing supported by team nursing : nurses' experiences.
Complementarity in complexity : gender at work in Javanese studies
Effective delegation : the essential guide to thinking and working smarter
Manhood on the line : working-class masculinities in the American heartland
The rise and decline of the male breadwinner family?
Power and the division of labour
The making of rehabilitation : a political economy of medical specialization, 1890-1980
Black tents of Baluchistan
The effect of social exchange on women's intention for a second child in Hungary
Mothers for life : motherhood and marginalization in the North central province of Sri Lanka
Central pillars of the house : sisters, wives, and mothers in a rural community in Minangkabau, West Sumatra
Education and the division of houssehold labour in dual-earner families
New approaches to economic life : economic restructuring: unemployment and the social division of labour
The division of labour : the labour process and class-struggle in modern capitalism
The grand domestic revolution : a history of feminist designs for American homes, neighbourhoods, and cities
The theory and practice of Third World solidarity
Summary.
Fragmentation : new production patterns in the world economy
Creating a life : professional women and the quest for children
The division of labour in post-industrial societies
Taking articulation work seriously : an activity theoretical approach
Net loss : Internet prophets, private profits, and the costs to community
Internal labour markets, incentives and employment
Knowledge, social institutions and the division of labour
Behind the formal equality : Finnish women in state administration
Émile Durkheim : critical assessments. Vol. 2
Determination of average working time in Finland
Vanuatu : politics, economics and ritual in island Melanesia
Women physicians : a new force in medicine
Globalisation and social change : people and places in a divided world
The Nordic recipe for global success
Ideas of difference : social spaces and the labour of division
Management : a contemporary approach
The new social economy : reworking the division of labor
The public woman : seminar arranged by the Federation of Municipal Officers KVL at Nummi School on August 3, 1994, Nordic Forum -94 Turku, Finland, August 1-6, 1994
The 'triple overlap' refers to the link between gender stratification, the household and economic variables. In this volume, leading sociologists examine this overlap as a totality, providing theoretical concepts and new research on how the triple overlap works, both inside the family and within the broader context of society. Their competing conceptions of the interrelationship of gender, family and economy are bolstered by empirical papers which raise questions of culture, class and race within the contexts of both the developed and developing worlds. Six of the articles in this volume were previously published as a Special Issue of Journal of Family Issues.
Gender Trouble and Its Impact on Fertility Intentions
East-West-South : economic interactions between three worlds
Men, women and household work
Strategic delegation in firms and in the trade union
Women managers, images and the dynamics of the working place
Youth, family and household : global perspectives on development and quality of life
Social class and the division of labour : essays in honour of Ilya Neustadt
Genetic and cultural evolution of cooperation
Knowledge and learning in the determination of the optimal form of firm organisation
Women in maritime communities : a socio-historical study of continuity and change in the domestic lives of seafarers' wives in the Åland Islands, from 1930 into the new millenium
Families, labour markets and gender roles : a report on a European research workshop
Inside rationality : the division of labour in a parliamentary party group
Selected writings
The gender factory : the apportionment of work in American households
While recent studies have highlighted the phenomenon and risks of increased inequalities between the top and the bottom of society, little research has so far been carried out on trends relating to the median income range that generally represents the middle class. This volume examines the following questions: what are the main transformations in the world of work over the last 20 years in terms of the labour market, social dialogue and conditions of work, wages and incomes that may have affected the middle class? How has the middle class been altered by the financial and economic crisis? What are the long-term trends for the middle class in Europe? This volume also investigates the potential risks and effects of the reshuffling, or even weakening, of the middle class. On the social side, it explores the ramifications of further retrenchment of the European Social Model, which to a great extent has traditionally been funded by the middle class. On the economic side, the book investigates whether this process - especially from the perspective of consumption and human capital - is endangering the long-term sustainability of the current economic model. While presenting evidence of a definite erosion of the middle class, this book assesses the specific situation in each individual EU member state on the basis of detailed statistics and case studies of professional categories that traditionally represent the middle class. This book issues a timely warning about the latest trends and prospects for the middle class in Europe. On this basis, it presents policy considerations and options that will be useful to policy-makers for ensuring the future of the middle class in Europe. Scholars and researchers of European studies and social policy, especially from a sustainability perspective, will find this volume to be an invaluable reference.
The second shift : working families and the revolution at home
Women's work is never done : comparative studies in caregiving, employment, and social policy reform
Divisions of labour
Inside the family : changing roles of men and women
Teamworking
The modernization of working times : flexibility and work sharing in Finland
Private label products: improving collaboration within international supply chain : case: L-Fashion Group
The social and political economy of the household
Gender segregation in the labour market : root causes, implications and policy responses in the EU
Family entrepreneurship in a retail chain : the grocer's household-enterprise complex
Executive summary (s. 7-11).
Subscribing to a woman editor-in-chief? : female and male editors' views on the impact of gender on careers
Men at work : labour, masculinities, development
Ethnicity, inequality and the social division of labour in contemporary Peninsular Malaysia
Help-seeking and causal attributions for helping
Gender and technology in the making
Essays on economic integration and labour demand
Medicinal products for paediatric use as NAM's strategic area
The performance of gender : an anthropology of everyday life in a South Indian fishing village
The changing roles of the state and municipalities
Metropolis : from the division of labor to urban form
Work sharing and the reduction and reorganization of working time at firm level : Anglo-Italian-French case studies : final report
Bending borders of gendered labour division on farms : the case of Finland
The golden fleece of the Cape : capitalist expansion and labour relations in the periphery of transnational wool production c. 1860-1950
Gender, family and economy : the triple overlap
Realisation of primary nursing supported by team nursing : nurses' experiences
Class at work : the design, allocation and control of jobs
Changing division of labour within the family and the responses of pension policy
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
Flexibile working lives : the changing nature of working time arrangements in Ireland
Gender and labour in Korea and Japan : sexing class
Introduction
Converging times : parenthood, time allocation and the gender division of labour in Sweden 1990-2010
Cultivating gender : meanings of place and work in rural Vietnam
Contemporary motherhood : the impact of children on adult time
Work autonomy and technology in small firms
Perspectives in U.S. Marxist anthropology
The division of labour in society
Networks and regional development
It is often an underlying assumption that the new role of women and in general the trend toward a more egalitarian view of the concept of partnership is a main factor behind the low fertility rates in rich countries. The aim of this paper is to test the consequences of gender (in)equity on the desire of women and men to have (further) children by using gender inequity as an important category within population science. In our assumptions we want to test whether an unequal distribution of household chores and childcare duties has a negative effect on the desire to have children. Another assumption examines the potential correlation that the perception of (in)equality of women and men in society or the acceptance of government measures to ensure equal rights might have with the desire to have children. The data are derived from the recent Austrian survey Population Policy Acceptance Survey. The assumptions are tested by means of logistic regression analysis. The results show that it is new men who are likely to express a wish for children, rather than those who live in traditional partnership models. .
Beyond mechanization : work and technology in a postindustrial age
Conclusions
Bringing technology home : gender and technology in a changing Europe
Ethnicity, inequality and the social division of labour in contemporary peninsular Malaysia : comparative perspectives
The one minute manager meets the monkey
Has work-sharing worked in Finland?
Spatial divisions of labour : social structures and the geography of production
Managing teaching assistants : a guide for headteachers, managers and teachers
Abstract: The functional structure, division of labour and development of Finnish ports.
Diversity and homogeneity in world societies
Locked in Inferiority? : The Positions of Estonian Construction Workers in the Finnish Migrant Labour Regime
Who pays for the kids? : gender and the structure of constraint
Strategic outsourcing, profit sharing and equilibrium unemployment
Unions, labour supply and structure of labour taxation : the role of tax base
Women's work, men's property : the origins of gender and class
Abstract (1 s.).
Europe's disappearing middle class? : evidence from the world of work
The degradation of work? : skill, deskilling and the labour process
The role of profit sharing in dual labour market with flexible outsourcing
The segregation of men and women into different occupations is one of the most important and enduring aspects of labor markets around the world. This book presents a comprehensive analysis of the levels and recent changes in the sex segregation of occupations. It is based on detailed occupational data from 41 countries or territories from all regions of the world. A number of findings will surprise readers, such as the higher level of occupational segregation in Scandinavia as compared to other industrialized countries, the lower level of occupational segregation in Asia as compared to Europe, and the truly restricted and stereotyped choice of occupations open to women.
The economics of the family
The generation classes of the Zanaki (Tanzania)
Working and educating for life : feminist and international perspectives on adult education
Children, work and ideology : a cross-cultural comparison of children's understanding of work and the social division of labour
Worlding women : a feminist international politics
Family preference and sexual division of labor : economic growth with capital and knowledge
Cross-class families : a study of wives' occupational superiority
Women and men in Kiruna - on changes in sex/gender relations and everyday life
Engendering archaeology : women and prehistory
The farm family business
Gender segregation and social change : men and women in changing labour markets
Lean Six Sigma Method Applied for Increasing Transparency : Case: Company X Optimizing the Repairing Process in the Production Line
Productive men, reproductive women : the agrarian household and the emergence of separate spheres in the German Enlightenment
Labour and labour markets between town and countryside (Middle Ages - 19th century)
Parental leave for fathers? : gendered conceptions and practices in families with young children in Finland
Earning respect : the lives of working women in small-town Ontario, 1920-1960
Men's work, women's work : a sociological history of the sexual divison of labour in employment
Gendered division of labour on Finnish farms
Dalit movements and the meanings of labour in India
Unbending gender : why family and work conflict and what to do about it
Land, labour and diet in northern Rhodesia : an economic study of the Bemba tribe
The structure of socialist society
Global productions : labor in the making of the "information society"
Common interests : women organising in global electronics
Father courage : what happens when men put family first
The debate on the origins of modern gender norms continues unabated across the academic disciplines. This book adds an important and hitherto neglected dimension. Focusing on rural life and its values, the author argues that the modern ideal of separate spheres originated in the era of the Enlightenment. Prior to the eighteenth century, cultural norms prescribed active,interdependent economic roles for both women and men. Enlightenment economists transformed these gender paradigms as they postulated a market exchange system directed exclusively by men. By the early nineteenth century, the emerging bourgeois value system affirmed the new civil society and the market place as exclusively male realms. These standards defined women's options largely as marriage and motherhood.
This innovative book demonstrates the making of gender and technology as comparable social processes, one helping shape the other. The authors take as an example the microwave oven, a recent innovation in domestic technology that neatly encapsulates the technology//gender relation. In the microwave, masculine engineering encounters an age old woman's technology: cooking. The authors show how the microwave begins as a state-of-the-art masculine technology, is translated in the retail trade into a `family' commodity, one of a range of domestic white goods, and eventually settles into the kitchen alongside other humble feminine appliances; unlike the old cooker, however, the microwave retains just a whiff of aftershave.
The new division of labour : emerging forms of work organisation in international perspective
Employment, unemployment,  marginalization : studies on contemporary labour markets
Working mothers
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
The division of labor in society
We analyze the following questions associated with flexible outsourcing with committed profit sharing under partly imperfect dual domestic labour markets, where high skilled workers participate on firm's profit via profit sharing: How does the implementation of profit sharing influence flexible outsourcing? What is the relationship between outsourcing cost, profit sharing and wages? We show that profit sharing has a positive effect on low skilled wage and thus an outsourcing enhancing character. The wages of both types of labour are negatively correlated and we show that lower outsourcing cost can increase the wage dispersion by decreasing the low skilled wage and raising the high skilled wage.The overall effect of profit sharing on high skilled wage is ambiguous due to a positive direct effect and a negative indirectly effect via the low skilled wage.
Flows of pumps : structure and change in the international division of labour
Poor work : disadvantage and the division of labour
The search for a gender system in tar-producing culture
Global cities at work : new migrant divisions of labour
Father involvement in the early years : an international comparison of policy and practice
Leadership and management in nursing
First things first : to live, to love, to learn to leave a legacy
Contributed papers on the low social-status labor in India.
