http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4267 organising
organising
"Events Feasibility and Development: From Strategy to Operations" answers two fundamental questions faced by all events planners and organisers: 'how do I justify this event to the client?' and 'why are we spending money on this event?' With a user-friendly learning structure containing bullet points, questions and exercises and international case studies (Australian Taxation Office, Saudi Arabian events returns, Fuji-Xerox events), "Events Feasibility and Development: From Strategy to Operations" looks at issues such as: The process of creating a feasibility study; Events forecasting models and cost/benefit analysis; Types of events (exhibitions, sports, festivals) and their benefits and returns; Project management tools for measuring return on investment; Presents tools, techniques and arguments for justifying expenditure on event and festivals; Guides the reader through the project management process moulding existing models of cost benefit analysis for the events industry; and, International case study material is used throughout to add practical insight and support theory.
ITIL V3 Foundation complete certification kit : study book and eLearning program
Events play an important role in the hospitality industry. Nowadays it is not just companies that organise events with professional help. As there are fewer milestone events in people's lives they are willing to spend large amounts of money to personal events such as weddings and anniversaries.  This thesis was done as a project based case study. It concentrates on successful event planning and organising from the point of view of an Internet based planned off-premises catering wedding in Spain. The wedding took place 21.9.2007 in a rural villa, and is described in the project in appendix 1.  The motivation for the thesis was both to assist on friend's wedding and to summaries the author's hospitality management studies and tests her abilities as an event coordinator in a real life project.   The primary objective was to a successful even, which can be used as a tool for future events. A secondary object was to examine what kind of challenges working with the Internet as a main booking tool brings. In addition the thesis examines special events and goes deeper into today's wedding trends and compares Finnish and Belgian wedding traditions.  The project, including the implementation and research, took nearly two years. There were many sources used and they provided the back ground for the product, the wedding plan. The results of the thesis as well as the product were conducted satisfactory and all objectives met.
Put time management to work : get organized, steamline processes, use the right technology
Global sporting events involve the creation, management and mediation of cultural meanings for consumption by massive media audiences. The apotheosis of this cultural form is the Olympic Games. This book explores the Olympic spectacle, from the multi-media bidding process and the branding and imaging of the Games to security, surveillance and control of the Olympic product across all of its levels. The book argues that the process of commercialisation, directed by the IOC itself, has enabled audiences to interpret its traditional objects in non-reverential ways and to develop oppositional interpretations of Olympism. The Olympics have become multi-voiced and many themed, and the spectacle of the contemporary Games raises important questions about institutionalisation, the doctrine of individualism, the advance of market capitalism, performance, consumption and the consolidation of global society. With particular focus on the London Games in 2012, the book casts a critical eye over the bidding process, Olympic finance, promises of legacy and development, and the consequences of hosting the Games for the civil rights and liberties of those living in their shadow.
Impossible data warehouse situations : solutions from the experts
Doing fashion : bricolage, mess, and multiplicity
Fostering learning and leadership : organizational change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
Events feasibility and development : from strategy to operations
The kitchen in catering : a handbook on food service planning and organisation
The organisation of language education in small states = L'organisation de l'enseignement les langues dans let petits etats
International encyclopedia of ergonomics and human factors. Volume 3
Attitudes toward Russian customers in the Finnish retail trade sector - a salesperson ́s point of view
Challenges for virtual teams in voluntary organizations
Production/Operations Management
Freelancing for dummies
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Organizing history : studies in honour of Jan Glete
Event management : a developmental and managerial approach
The effects of technological changes in the clothing industry : fourth Tripartite Technical Meeting for the Clothing Industry, Geneva, 1995.
Handbook for organisers of study visits for education and vocational training specialists
Running youth hockey organization
Production and operations management : strategic and tactical decisions
Managerial experiences related to corporate demerger
New forms of work organization in the clothing industry : a survey of development projects undertaken in some Finnish clothing enterprises in the later 1980s
Service operation
The ITIL V3 manager's bridge certificate in IT service management : a guide for exam candidates
Interpreting Management and policy in Finland, United Kingdom and Germany
"Welcome to the Centria of the universe" : a concert in cooperation with Musikcafé After Eight
Organising successful events : case: Off-premises wedding in Spain
Project management : a systems approach to planning, scheduling, and controlling
Nursing team organization and functioning
Professional meeting management
Leading a change in mobile workplace transformation
Help desk, service desk best practice handbook : building, running and managing effective support : ready to use supporting documents bringing ITIL theory into practice
Effective IT service management: to ITIL and beyond!
CSR communication and organizational identification: exploring the relationship between communicating corporate social responsibility and organizational members' identification
Event management for dummies
International encyclopedia of ergonomics and human factors. Volume 1
Building an ITIL-based Service Management department
Caring connections : compassionate mutuality in the organizational life of a nursing home
Cram101 textbook outlines to accompany: Foundations of IT service management based on ITIL V3
Organizer's manual for Renju Team World Championships
Second European quality of life survey : family life and work
Management and the arts
Expositions and trade shows
The complete guide to a clutter-free home : organized storage solutions & projects
You've got to laugh! : how to survive as a small-scale caterer
Work management in the nuclear power industry : a manual prerepared for the NEA Committee on Radiation Protection and Public Health
Managing organizations for sport and physical activity : a systems perspective
Strategic management in the arts
The business of genocide : the SS, slave labor, and the concentration camps
A Trade Union analysis of time study
From thought to feedback : how to develop a communication campaign
Introduction to management in the hospitality industry : study guide
This new work explores the meaning and implications of professionalism as a form of social organization. Eliot Freidson formalizes professionalism by treating it as an ideal type grounded in the political economy he presents the concept as a third logic, or a more viable alternative to consumerism and bureaucracy. He asks us to imagine a world where workers with specialized knowledge and the ability to provide society with especially important services can organize and control their own work, without directives from management or the influence of free markets. Freidson then appraises the present status of professionalism, exploring how traditional and national variations in state policy and organization are influencing the power and practice of such professions as medicine and law. Widespread attacks by neoclassical economists and populists, he contends, are obscuring the social value of credentialism and monopolies. The institutions that sustain professionalism in our world are simply too useful to both capital and state to dismiss.
Moving the mountain : the Science Museum of Minnesota guide to moving collections
Evidence-based practice : an implementation guide for healthcare organizations
ITIL V3 Foundation complete certification kit : study guide
Designing and implementing a production-floor/layout in a CNC-machine shop-environment : for Scandinavian Fabrication
Library workflow redesign : six case studies
New Ways of Organizing Work offers a broader understanding of changes to the way work is organized and the implications for relevant stakeholders. It brings together contributions from a well established group of international scholars to examine the nature and consequences of new ways of working. The book draws on studies of a variety of new forms of work, involving a diverse range of employees and drawing on experiences in a variety of countries. It includes three main empirical sections. The first focuses on different forms of work and working arrangements, stimulated by the use of technology, increased competitive pressure and media portrayal of work and working. In contrast to much other work in the field, a strong theme of this book is individuals' experiences of new ways of working. The second empirical section examines this theme with a specific focus on remote workers and their responses to new ways of working. Exploring contemporary trends towards increasing use of global teams, the third section examines the implications of distributed teams and the challenges for managing performance and knowledge transfer.
How to manage a restaurant or institutional food service
Information architecture : the design and integration of information spaces
This Bachelor's thesis is about designing a production floor layout for Scandinavian Fabrication and also considering the differences between large companies and smaller entrepreneurs when creating plans for productions operation and determining the concept on based which the layout is built. First, there is the theory of CNC-machining and what are the most common production's processes. There is also coverage of layout theory and what are the basics of different production processes and how they affect production management, operations management, and from layout planning's view. The designing of layout is challenging due to the demands of the company and it's goals in the future. There's a section looking at the differences between a large and small company and how the size affects the layout-process and what are the experiences on the system of the smaller company with going through different factors affecting the design.
Working in teams
Towards new ways of working in the city of Helsinki
Ensto personnel party 2006
The anatomy of work : the implications of specialization
Organization for continuous improvement : quality control circle activities in Japanese industry
Personal injury prevention : building a safety culture
Into the heart of meetings : basic principles of meeting design
The IT project management answer book
Specialist task organisations procurement approach for re-engineering construction project processes
Information systems, cooperative work and active subjects : the activity-theoretical perspective
New forms of work organisation. 2, German Democratic Republic, India, Italy, USSR, economic costs and benefits
The kitchen in catering
Exploring the possibility of creating a business relationship with the case organisation Jolly Dragon and hostels in Helsinki
Interpreting management and policy in Finland, United Kingdom and Germany
The art & science of the hotel concierge : connecting guests to experiences around the world
The Berlin Philharmonic : culture and leadership
A way of working
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
Essentialism : the disciplined pursuit of less
Take this work and love it
Personnel management and human relations : teacher's manual
Eliminate the chaos at work : 25 techniques to increase productivity
Taking chances
Effective work breakdown structures
Can the workers run industry?
New directions in work organisation : the industrial relations response
Organizer's decision-making process during sport event tourism management in Finland : a case study of Finlandia Marathon 2007 in Jyväskylä
Quality of outsourced IT services in different degrees of offshoring
Abstract: Case Kadulta kotiin (from Street to Home project) - pre-planning a benefit concert.
Book of chaos and harmony : get organized without stress
Indroduction to information-based high-tech services
Convention and banquet management
Teacher education policy in Europe : a voice of higher education institutions
Nonprofit kit for dummies
Developing a purchase process : case: Prisma Peremarket AS
Scientific management, job redesign and work performance
Organizing for the creative person
Networks of Nazi persecution : bureaucracy, business, and the organization of the Holocaust
Opportunistic resource and network management in autonomous packet access systems
Labour process theory
Business intelligence viewpoint on managerial decision-making : Ill-structured problems and decision support systems
Towards grouplike organization by network/cluster? : development of companies
The publican's handbook
Summary.
Art & people : a practical guide to setting up and running arts projects in the community
Negotiating in Finnish grocery retail : negotiation narratives of S-group, Kesko and Lidl
Management : principles and practices for tomorrow's leaders
Country competitiveness : technology and the organizing of work
The structuring of work in organizations
The innovation decision in Soviet industry
Organized labor
A new logic of organizing : causes and processes of diffusion
Managing services in the cloud : cloud computing certification kit
The Assembly 2004 DVD compilation : managing a volunteer project
Strategic sports event management
Event management : a professional and developmental approach
A Comparative analysis of human resource systems in Finland and in the UK : Implications of societal, cultural and historical factors
Sales management and organisation
Organising as discursive practices : the example of information technology outsourcing
The 4-hour work week
How to develop and promote successful seminars and workshops : the definitive guide to creating and marketing seminars, workshops, classes, and conferenses
The cooperative extension service : a national assessment
Managing client care
Sistema organizacii i upravleniâ avtorizovannoj školoj : akademičeskaâ lekciâ na russkom i anglijskom âzykah = The system of organization and management of the authorized school : an academic lecture in Russian and in English
The organized mind : thinking straight in the age of information overload
From thought fo feedback : how to develop a communication campaign
The organization of museums : practical advice
The sports event management and marketing playbook
Comprehensive community health nursing : family, aggregate, & community practice
How to manage people
Watching the Olympics : politics, power and representation
New forms of work organization and their social and economic environment
Social dialogue in Nordic manufacturing companies in the Baltic states : a work organisation approach
New ways of organizing work : developments, perspectives and experiences
New forms of work organisation. 1, Denmark, Norway and Sweden, France, Federal Republic of Germany, United Kingdom, United States
Dynamism and stability in knowledge organization : proceedings of the sixth International ISKO Conference, 10-13 July 2000, Toronto, Canada
Hospitality today : an introduction
Eliminating "us and them" : using IT governance, process, and behavioral management to make IT and the business "one"
Fordism and flexibility : divisions and change
A mom's guide to home organization : simple solutions to control clutter, schedules and stress
Summary in Finnish.
Work organization and ergonomics
Executive summary (s. 9-16).
Catering for a wedding
Progressive community organizing : a critical approach for a globalizing world
Good practices in building innovative rural institutions to increase food security
Essential tips for organizing conferences & events
How should research be organised?
Encouraging diversity : voluntary and private organisations in commmunity care
Features and classification of construction management contracting systems : a case of the USA, the UK and Finland
Time management for event planners : expert techniques and time-saving tips for organizing your workload, prioritizing your day, and taking control of your schedule
Case Kadulta kotiin : pre-planning a benefit concert
The many faces of strikes : attitudes towards industrial action by labour, management and human resources
The making of Eurovision Song Contest Athens
Social workers and their practice in welfare bureaucracies
Summary (s. 39-40).
Smart student's guide to healthy living : how to survive stress, late nights & the college cafeteria
Knowledge and change : proceedings of 12th Nordic conference for information and documentation
Music event management & promotion
Delivering research data management services : fundamentals of good practice
Structures and relations in knowledge organization : proceedings of the fifth International ISKO Conference, 25-29 August 1998, Lille, France
Fostering Learning and Leadership : Organizational Change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
Haaga Future Leaders Club is an optional addition to student's curriculum in Haaga. Its fundamental purpose is to facilitate the learning of its members. HFLC's main activities are project assignments from the industry, representation in competitions and events as well as supportive functions such as coaching and mentoring. Haaga Future Leaders Club was formed in December 2009 and the first meeting was held on January 15, 2010. First year of operations revealed challenges which were interpreted as deriving from the lack of organizational structures which resulted in poor organizational culture and perceived lowered motivation of the members. Despite the challenges, the pilot was seen successful and interpreted as being in need for further studying. The primary object of the thesis is to organize a workshop to collect material for a Member's guide leaflet. The Member's guide to be used as a facilitator for Haaga Future Leaders Club's operations and to clarify its identity and start building the self-directed organizational structure. The thesis is project-oriented with two interdependent products: 1) Workshop, where the material for the Member's guide is created, and the 2) Member's guide itself. The workshop stands as a starting point for the change process in Haaga Future Leaders Club, which is expected to lead to imcreased self-direction and subsequently to continuity and the development of the group. The theoretic background is based on a combination of learning and leadership. Two main theories are transformative learning and transformational leadership. The thesis was completed during the spring 2011. The goal of the thesis was reached as the workshop provided material for Haaga Future Leaders Club - Member's guide and started the change process. The outcome of the change process is to be evaluated in future. Did the thesis influence the organizational culture and practices of Haaga Future Leaders Club?
Organizing a scientific meeting? : jungle of the practical arrangements
Production and Logistics in Meetings, Expositions, Events and Conventions is the most up-to-date text on executing successful meetings, expositions, events, and conventions (MEEC) and provides step-by-step, in-depth coverage of the production and logistical factors that event managers must oversee. Chapters incorporate the Meeting and Business Events Competency Standards (MBECS) and follow a hands-on approach that guides readers through the process of managing a wide variety of gatherings. This practical focus makes the text an excellent resource for college courses, employee training, and professional reference. Developed as a collaborative work, the text features contributions from some of the best and most notable practitioners and educators in the field.
Abstract.
Personnel management and human relations : workbook
Building a better delivery system  : a new engineering/health care partnership
Production and logistics in meetings, expositions, events, and conventions
Socialism and wealth
Organising and improving a trade fair : case: Pro Agria Farma
Call Center operation : design, operation and maintenance
eBusiness and workplace redesign
Work and non-work in the 90s : economic, social and human dimensions
Professionalism, the third logic : on the practice of knowledge
Getting organised
A new paradigm of work organization : the Japanese experience
Managing the Olympics
Modeling enterprise architectures
Human resource management in the hospitality and tourism industry
Strategic organizational communication : in a global economy
Designing universal knowledge
Maintenance planning, scheduling and coordination
Industrial democracy : the sociology of participation
Handling the PR-work of the Spring Festival tor the Theatre and Circus school of Tikkurila
Planning and organizing events for non-profit organizations in Finland and in United States of America : case: Golfasaurus 2007
Management : principles and practice
"The Olympics Games are the biggest and most significant mega-sport event in the world. Planning and then staging the Olympic Games is a highly complex task which is exasperated by the fact that the Games are continually moving and not held consecutively in the same city. This means that start-up knowledge is required for each Olympics. Given the massive scale, scope and complexity of the Games it is surprising that very little research has been published that explores how the event is managed and organised. While the Games themselves are held over two weeks, the planning and preparation from bid stage to completion can be more than a decade in the making. The express purpose of this volume is to critically examine the planning, management and operation of the Olympic Games as the world's premier mega-sport event. The authors analyse and discuss how Olympic organisers and related stakeholders might effectively manage and deliver the Games, taking into account what has been learned from previous Olympics as well as the emergence of models of best practice from the management, project management and sport management literature"--
Biography, shift-labour and socialisation in a northern industrial city - the far north : particularities of labour and human socialisation : proceedings of the international conference in Novy Urengoy, Russia, 4th-6th December 2008
Corporate renaissance : the art of reengineering
The organising process and marketing communication of an event : case: the Christmas fair of the associations
