http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4266 organisation of work
organisation of work
New Ways of Organizing Work offers a broader understanding of changes to the way work is organized and the implications for relevant stakeholders. It brings together contributions from a well established group of international scholars to examine the nature and consequences of new ways of working. The book draws on studies of a variety of new forms of work, involving a diverse range of employees and drawing on experiences in a variety of countries. It includes three main empirical sections. The first focuses on different forms of work and working arrangements, stimulated by the use of technology, increased competitive pressure and media portrayal of work and working. In contrast to much other work in the field, a strong theme of this book is individuals' experiences of new ways of working. The second empirical section examines this theme with a specific focus on remote workers and their responses to new ways of working. Exploring contemporary trends towards increasing use of global teams, the third section examines the implications of distributed teams and the challenges for managing performance and knowledge transfer.
International encyclopedia of ergonomics and human factors. Volume 1
International encyclopedia of ergonomics and human factors. Volume 3
New forms of work organisation. 1, Denmark, Norway and Sweden, France, Federal Republic of Germany, United Kingdom, United States
Government support programmes for new forms of work organisation : a report for the Employment and Social Affairs DG
Information systems, cooperative work and active subjects : the activity-theoretical perspective
Workers on the move : the sociology of relocation
Fordism and flexibility : divisions and change
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
Summary (s. 39-40).
Understanding work in the age of information : the Finnish model of an information society
Understanding work in the age of information : Finland in focus
Mechatronics design in Japan : a study of Japanese design methods and working practice in Japanese companies
Developing a purchase process : case: Prisma Peremarket AS
Biography, shift-labour and socialisation in a northern industrial city - the far north : particularities of labour and human socialisation : proceedings of the international conference in Novy Urengoy, Russia, 4th-6th December 2008
Country competitiveness : technology and the organizing of work
eBusiness and workplace redesign
Measuring employee satisfaction
Advances in ergonomics modeling and usability evaluation
Workflow modeling : tools for process improvement and application development
Organization for continuous improvement : quality control circle activities in Japanese industry
5S for operators : 5 pillars of the visual workplace
Human factors in organizational design and management - VI : proceedings of the Sixth International Symposium on Human Factors in Organizational Design and Management held in The Hague, The Netherlands, August 19-22, 1998
Organizing for the creative person
Organizational realities : studies of strategizing and organizing
A way of working
The inevitable change : why and how to modify the operational modes of the construction industry for the common good
Nonprofit kit for dummies
Taking articulation work seriously : an activity theoretical approach
Socialism and wealth
New directions in work organisation : the industrial relations response
Winning without losing : 66 strategies for succeeding in business while living a happy and balanced life
Robotic milking
The 7 hidden reasons employees leave : how to recognize the subtle signs and act before it's too late
New forms of work organization and their social and economic environment
The innovation decision in Soviet industry
Social dialogue in Nordic manufacturing companies in the Baltic states : a work organisation approach
Summary in Finnish.
The principles of scientific management
Simultaneity of activities in household work
Labour market flexibility and work organisation in Finland : some general trends
Eliminate the chaos at work : 25 techniques to increase productivity
Preventive maintenance/essential care and condition monitoring
Work organisation and industrial relations in data processin departments : a comparative study of the United Kingdom, Denmark and the Netherlands
Rethinking the labor process
Worker cooperatives in theory and practice
The anatomy of work : the implications of specialization
New forms of work organisation. 2, German Democratic Republic, India, Italy, USSR, economic costs and benefits
Managing client care
Ergonomics for beginners : a quick reference guide
Social work : the social organisation of an invisible trade
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Professionalism, the third logic : on the practice of knowledge
Towards grouplike organization by network/cluster? : development of companies
The effects of technological changes in the clothing industry : fourth Tripartite Technical Meeting for the Clothing Industry, Geneva, 1995.
Freelancing for dummies
Scientific management, job redesign and work performance
The future of work : the promise of the new digital work society
Challenges for virtual teams in voluntary organizations
Library workflow redesign : six case studies
This new work explores the meaning and implications of professionalism as a form of social organization. Eliot Freidson formalizes professionalism by treating it as an ideal type grounded in the political economy he presents the concept as a third logic, or a more viable alternative to consumerism and bureaucracy. He asks us to imagine a world where workers with specialized knowledge and the ability to provide society with especially important services can organize and control their own work, without directives from management or the influence of free markets. Freidson then appraises the present status of professionalism, exploring how traditional and national variations in state policy and organization are influencing the power and practice of such professions as medicine and law. Widespread attacks by neoclassical economists and populists, he contends, are obscuring the social value of credentialism and monopolies. The institutions that sustain professionalism in our world are simply too useful to both capital and state to dismiss.
Nursing team organization and functioning
Work and non-work in the 90s : economic, social and human dimensions
Essentialism : the disciplined pursuit of less
Tomorrow's workplace : fulfilment or stress?
Sales management and organisation
Work management in the nuclear power industry : a manual prerepared for the NEA Committee on Radiation Protection and Public Health
Organization of nursing care as a determinant of job satisfaction among hospital nurses
New forms of work organization in the clothing industry : a survey of development projects undertaken in some Finnish clothing enterprises in the later 1980s
Can the workers run industry?
Work organization and ergonomics
Some observations on time and performance studies in forestry = Erfaringer angående tids- og prestasjonsstudier i skogbruket
How should research be organised?
Take this work and love it
Fostering Learning and Leadership : Organizational Change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
New ways of organizing work : developments, perspectives and experiences
The 4-hour work week
Constructing the near future in banking transformation
Towards new ways of working in the city of Helsinki
How to be a productivity ninja : worry less, achieve more, love what you do
Work simply : embracing the power of your personal productivity style
The structuring of work in organizations
Human resource management in the hospitality and tourism industry
Black americans and organized labor : a new history
Harvesting forest products
Leading a change in mobile workplace transformation
Psychological management and individual performance
The lazy project manager : how to be twice as productive and still leave the office early
Put time management to work : get organized, steamline processes, use the right technology
Games teams play : dynamic activities for tapping work team potential
Advances in interdisciplinary studies of work teams. Vol. 1, 1994, Theories of self-managing work teams
Second European quality of life survey : family life and work
Summary.
Executive summary (s. 9-16).
Social workers and their practice in welfare bureaucracies
Understanding the balanced scorecard in a week
Organized labor
A Trade Union analysis of time study
Effective work breakdown structures
Labour process theory
The many faces of strikes : attitudes towards industrial action by labour, management and human resources
The new division of labour : emerging forms of work organisation in international perspective
Industrial democracy : the sociology of participation
Effective delegation : the essential guide to thinking and working smarter
Beyond mechanization : work and technology in a postindustrial age
Technology in working order : studies of work, interaction, and technology
Managing the labour process
Full employment : a European appeal
Toward a grouplike organization and employees' job control
Summary and conclusions (s. 2-5).
Project management : a systems approach to planning, scheduling, and controlling
Maintenance planning, scheduling and coordination
A new paradigm of work organization : the Japanese experience
