http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4264 Aramaic language
Aramaic language
The grammar of the Palestinian Targum fragments from the Cairo Genizah
The book of Genesis in neo-Aramaic in the dialect of the Jewish Community of Zakho : including selected texts in other neo-Aramaic dialects and a glossary
A concise Hebrew and Aramaic lexicon of the Old Testament : based upon the lexical work of Ludwig Koehler and Walter Baumgartner
The Aramaic dialect of the Jews of Zākhō
The Sepphoris synagogue : deciphering an ancient message through its archaeological and socio-historical contexts
Introduction to the law of the Aramaic papyri
A dictionary of the Targumim, the Talmud Babli and Yerushalmi, and the Midrashic literature
Studia aramaica : new sources and new approaches : papers delivered at the London conference of the Institute of Jewish Studies, University College London, 26th-28th June 1991
The Nabatean Aramaic inscriptions
Textbook of Aramaic documents from ancient Egypt = Osef teʻudot Aramiyot mi-Mitsrayim ha-ʻatiqah. Volume 1, Letters
The Hebrew and Aramaic lexicon of the Old Testament. 4, Shin-Tav
The Aramaic portions of the Pesiqta de Rab Kahana : according to MS Marshall Or.24, the oldest known manuscript of the Pesqita de Rab Kahana : with English translation, commentary and introduction
The sound system of modern Assyrian (Neo-Aramaic)
A Targumic Aramaic reader : texts from Onkelos and Jonathan : with an introduction and glossary by Ebbe Egede Knudsen
The Aramaic astronomical book (4Q208-4Q211) from Qumran : text, translation, and commentary
The Hebrew and Aramaic lexicon of the Old Testament. 1, '-H
Judeans of Egypt in the Persian period (539-332 BCE) in light of the Aramaic documents
Iranian languages and texts from Iran and Turan : Ronald E. Emmerick memorial volume
Kushta : a monograph on a principal word in Mandaean texts. 2, The ascending soul
A description of modern Chaldean
Studies in Hebrew and Aramaic syntax : presented to Professsor J. Hoftijzer on the occasion of his sixty-fifth birthday
The Aramaic inscriptions of Sefîre
Studies in Papyrus Amherst 63 : essays on the Aramaic texts in Aramaic/demotic Papyrus Amherst 63. Volume 1
The verbal system of the Aramaic of Daniel : an explanation in the context of grammaticalization
Textbook of Syrian Semitic inscriptions. Vol. 4, Aramaic inscriptions and documents of the Roman period
A grammar of Biblical Aramaic
A grammar of neo-Aramaic : the dialect of the Jews of Arbel
Aramaic in postbiblical Judaism and early Christianity : papers from the 2004 National Endowment for the Humanities Summer Seminar at Duke University
Studies in Jewish Babylonian Aramaic : based upon early Eastern manuscripts
Rewriting the Bible : the text and language of the Pseudo-Jonathan Targum
A grammar of biblical Aramaic
A dictionary of Jewish Palestinian Aramaic of the Byzantine period
The Hebrew and Aramaic lexicon of the Old Testament. 5, Aramaic supplementary bibliography
A grammar of Egyptian Aramaic
The Aramaic portions of Bereshit Rabba : with grammar of Galilæn Aramaic. 1-2
The Aramaic language in the Achaemenid period : a study in linguistic variation
The Bible in Aramaic : based on old manuscripts and printed texts. Vol. 3, The latter prophets according to Targum Jonathan
Studies in Aramaic inscriptions and onomastics. 2
The Bible in Aramaic : based on old manuscripts and printed texts. Vol. 4 B, The Targum and the Hebrew Bible
The Bible in Aramaic : based on old manuscripts and printed texts. Vol. 2, The former prophets according to Targum Jonathan
A grammar of Biblical Aramaic : Franz Rosenthal
Studies in galilean Aramaic
A dictionary of Jewish Babylonian Aramaic of the Talmudic and Geonic periods
A comparative lexicon of three modern Aramaic dialects
The Tel Dan inscription : a critical investigation of recent research on its palaeography and philology
The Aramaic dialect of Nedarim
Dictionary of Qumran Aramaic
The Christian Palestinian Aramaic Old Testament and Apocrypha version from the early period
A corpus of magic bowls : incantation texts in Jewish Aramaic from late antiquity
A dictionary of Judean Aramaic
The practical Talmud dictionary
A manual of Babylonian Jewish Aramaic
Targum and New Testament : collected essays
The Brooklyn Museum Aramaic papyri : new documents of the fifth century B.C. from the Jewish colony at Elephantine
An Aramaic bibliography. Pt. 1, Old, official, and Biblical Aramaic
The vocalization systems of Arabic, Hebrew, and Aramaic : their phonetic and phonemic principles
The Hebrew and Aramaic lexicon of the Old Testament. 2, T-'
Pagan incantations in Aramaic magic bowls
The Hebrew and Aramaic lexicon of the Old Testament. 3 , P-S
Aramaic ostraca of the fourth century BC from Idumea
A dictionary of Samaritan Aramaic
A grammar of Qumran Aramaic
Hebrew and Aramaic studies
A short grammar of Biblical Aramaic
Sepphoris was a major urban center in the Lower Galilee in the Roman and Byzantine periods. Architecturally, artistically and culturally, it was not very different from the pagan cities of ancient Palestine, and its exposure to and assimilation of Greco-Roman culture did not hinder Jewish life. Like other major cities with Jewish, pagan and christian populations, Sepphoris boasted residential areas interspersed with public buildings. In 1993, the expedition team of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem unearthed on such public edifice - a complete synagogue dated to the early fifth century CE. The synagogue was graced with a richly colored mosaic floor featuring a plethora of Jewish symbols, biblical scenes and dedicatory inscriptions in Aramic and Greek. This mosaic and other synagogue remains are considred among the most important and exciting finds in Jewish art since the discovery of the Dura Europos synagogue in Syria seventy years ago.
Grammar of Palestinian Jewish Aramaic
A critical edition of the four Aramaic manuscripts from Qumran (4Q208-4Q211) that comprise the Aramaic Astronomical Book, part of the Jewish pseudepigraphic literature of the Second Temple period. It describes the movement of the moon in its phases, schematic meteorology, and the movement of the stars in relation to the seasons of the year.
Textbook of Aramaic documents from ancient Egypt. Volume 2, Contracts
A Hebrew and English lexicon of the Old Testament : with an appendix containig the biblical Aramaic, based on the lexicon of William Gesenius as translated by Edward Robinson
The Aramaic origin of the fourth gospel
The Aramaic proverbs of Ahiqar
Studies in Aramaic inscriptions and onomastics
Linguistic peculiarities in the Aramaic magic bowl texts
Variant versions of Targumic traditions within Codex Neofiti 1
Studies in Egyptology and linguistics : in honour of H. J. Polotsky
The Jewish Neo-Aramaic dialect of Persian Azerbaijan : linguistic analysis and folkloristic texts
An introduction to Aramaic
Gesenius' Hebrew and Chaldee lexicon to the Old Testament Scriptures : numerically coded to Strong's Exhaustive concordance, with an English index of more than 12,000 entries
The Aramaic of Daniel in the light of Old Aramaic
The development of the Aramaic script
A manual of Palestinian Aramaic texts : (second century B.C. - second century A.D.)
The Bible in Aramaic : based on old manuscripts and printed texts. Vol. 4 A, The hagiographa, transition from translation to Midrash
The language of Neophyti 1 : a descriptive and comparative grammar of the Palestinian Targum
A dictionary of Christian Palestinian Aramaic
Grammar for Gemara : an introduction to Babylonian Aramaic
Converstional texts in eastern Neo-Aramaic : (Gzira dialect) : Aki'o Nakano
Judeans of egypt in the Persian period (539-332 BCE) in light of the Aramaic documents
Jews of Elephantine and Arameans of Syene (fifth century B.C.E) : fifty Aramaic texts with Hebrew and English translations
Dictionary of the Targumim, Talmud Bavli, Talmud Yerushalmi and midrashic literature
Aramaic incantation texts from Nippur
A manual of the Aramaic language of the Babylonian Talmud : grammar, chrestomathy and glossaries by Max L. Margolis
The Bible in Aramaic : based on old manuscripts and printed texts. Vol 1, The pentateuch according to Targum Onkelos
Aramaic grammar : (method Gaspey Otto Sauer) part II
