http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4262 air traffic
air traffic
Strategic airline alliances
Airport systems : planning, design, and management
The checklist manifesto : how to get things right
Jets : airliners of the golden age
50 aircraft that changed the world
The story of flight  : thedevelopment of aviation through the ages
Global airlines : competition in a transnational industry
Air laws and treaties of the COMECON-states
Chronicle of aviation
"This is a premier text by leading technical professionals, known worldwide for their expertise in the planning, design, and management of airports"--Provided by publisher.
Wheels up : airline business plan development
Clouds weather and flight
A world flight over Russia : an epic true story of planning, danger, courage, political & cultural differences (and breathtaking beauty)
Aviation food safety
Embedded mixed-signal testing on board and system level
In the history of cooking, there has been no more challenging environment than those craft in which humans took to the skies. The tale begins with meals aboard balloons and zeppelins, where cooking was accomplished below explosive bags of hydrogen, ending with space station dinners that were cooked thousands of miles below. This book is the first to chart that history worldwide, exploring the intricacies of inflight dining from 1783 to the present day, aboard balloons, zeppelins, land-based aircraft and flying boats, jets, and spacecraft. It charts the ways in which commercial travelers were lured to try flying with the promise of familiar foods, explains the problems of each aerial environment and how chefs, engineers, and flight crew adapted to them, and tells the stories of pioneers in the field. Hygiene and sanitation were often difficult, and cultural norms and religious practices had to be taken into account. The history is surprising and sometimes humorous--at times some ridiculous ideas were tried, and airlines offered some strange meals to try to attract passengers. It's an engrossing story with quite a few twists and turns, and this first book on the subject tells it with a light touch.
Jane's airline recognition guide
Practical airport operations, safety, and emergency management : protocols for today and the future
Aerodrome chart - ICAO. Pori Aerodrome
A passion for wings : aviation and the western imagination 1908-1918
Aeronautical decision-making in context : influence of affect and experience on procedure violations
Plus news : magazine for Finnair Plus members
Taking to the air : a brief history of Civil Aviation administration in Finland
Customer Satisfaction and its Importance to Market-Leader Strategies; case: Vietnam Airlines, German branch
Designing future-oriented airline businesses
The world's major airlines and their aircraft
Food in the air and space : the surprising history of food and drink in the skies
Are we safer now? : airline security in a post-9/11 society
Air [Vol. 1] : Letters from lost countries
Ilmailukartta = Aeronautical chart : ICAO. 2103 100, Helsinki East
State aids to airlines : Seminar in Brussels, 3 June 1994
Access to air travel for people with reduced mobility
Commercial aircraft
THE FIRST TRANSATLANTIC FLIGHT
Liberalisation of the European aviation : focus on the North-European scheduled services
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Mariehamn Aerodrome : ILS 21 - NDB 21
Aviation safety review Finland 2011.
Tourism management : managing for change
Air carrier operations
New trends in the European air traffic
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Kruununkylä Aerodrome : ILS 19 - NDB 19
Winning airlines : productivity and cost competitiveness of the world's major airlines
Marketing airline services to the business segment : advertising content, passenger preferences and organizational buying process
Regulation, market structure and performance in air passenger transportation
The Second Airport Regions Conference, Vantaa, Finland, 28-29 November 1996.
Air charter and the Warsaw Convention : a study in international air law
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Jyväskylä Aerodrome : ILS 30 - NDB 30
Ticketing handbook
Air Cargo Trailer Operations Between Finland And The Netherlands : Can Freight Frame Oy Enter The Competition?
Landing chart - ICAO. Kruununkylä Aerodrome
Airport marketing
Aerodrome obstruction chart - ICAO : Type A (Operating limitations). Jyväskylä Airport : RWY 13-31
Beyond flying : rethinking air travel in a globally connected world
Airline passanger tariff : rules October 1998.
Air [Vol. 3] : Pureland
Transport and tourism : global perspectives
An introduction to Air Law
Airspeak
Visions of a flying machine : the Wright brothers and the process
Implementing safety managment systems in aviation
Beep! You've checked in : development of technology and its impact on the air transportation industry
The socio-economic impact of air transport on small regions in Finland : case study: the Kokkola-Pietarsaari airport region
"A one-of-a-kind, up-to-date guide to skillfully blending business and aviation issues to provide solid decision-making strategies and smart operating practices for the establishment and management of business aircraft"--Provided by publisher.
Transforming air traffic management : beyond evolution : a report of the CSIS technology and public policy program
Airlines of the Jet Age : a history
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Joroinen Aerodrome ; Landing chart - ICAO
Business travel and tourism
Cost leadership as an airline strategy : the European model - theory and implementation
Managing airports : an international perspective
The de-regulation process of European aviation and its effects in practice
Siviili-ilmailun tilastoja 1980-1996 = Statistics of Finnish civil aviation 1980-1996
Aircraft year book. 1929
"Designing Future-Oriented Airline Businesses is the eighth Ashgate book by Nawal K. Taneja to address the ongoing challenges and opportunities facing all generations of airlines. Firstly, it challenges and encourages airline managements to take a deeper dive into new ways of doing business. Secondly, it provides a framework for identifying and developing strategies and capabilities, as well as executing them efficiently and effectively, to change the focus from cost reduction to revenue enhancement and from competitive advantage to comparative advantage"-Provided by publisher.
"This book provides a state-of-the-art overview of the changes and development of the civil international aircraft/aviation industry. It offers a fully up-to-date account of the international developments and structure in the aircraft and aviation industries from a number of perspectives, which include economic, geographical, political and technological points of view. The aircraft industry is characterized by very complex, high technology products produced in relatively small quantities. The high-technology requirements necessitate a high level of R&D. In no other industry is it more of inter-dependence and cross-fertilisation of advanced technology. Consequently, most of the world's large aircraft companies and technology leaders have been located in Europe and North America. During the last few decades many developing countries have tried to build up an internationally competitive aircraft industry. The authors study a number of important issues including the political economy of the aircraft industry, globalization in this industry, innovation, newly industrializing economies and the aircraft industry. This book also explores regional and large aircraft, transformation of the aviation industry in Central and Eastern Europe, including engines, airlines, airports and airline safety. It will be of great value to students and to researchers seeking information on the aircraft industry and its development in different regions"--
"This booklet is a simple guide to the aeronautical meteorological codes, METAR, SPECI and TAF as of 1 July 1993."
Air transportation and regional growth: which way does the causality run?
Lentopaikkahakemisto = Aerodrome directory
Air charter; a study in legal development
Airborne transportation
Market potential of Lappeenranta Airport in the North-West Region of Russia
Suomi - Finland : Radio navigation chart
The global commercial aviation industry
Airport design and operation
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Module 4, Extracts
A new air transport policy for the North Atlantic : saving an endangered system
The effect of airline deregulation on the financial condition of the airline industry
Enroute chart - ICAO : lower airspace
Avionics for the pilot : an introduction to navigational and radio systems for aircraft
"Low Cost Carriers (LCCs) have become an integral part of today's air transport and tourism industries. Originated in the United States, the low-cost concept has subsequently been adopted by airlines on all continents. LCCs in Europe and North America, and to some extent in Asia, have already been well covered by academic literature. However, scientific publications on the topic of LCCs in Africa, Latin America, the Middle East, Australia and New Zealand are scarce. This volume provides the first comprehensive overview of developments, the legal framework and the current situation of the low-cost carrier phenomenon across the globe. It contains a dozen chapters dedicated to each region in turn, all written by highly experienced and renowned experts from around the world. The Low cost carrier worldwide is written primarily for upper-level undergraduate and postgraduate students, as well as researchers and practitioners within the fields of aviation, transport and tourism"-Provided by publisher.
The pilots' free flight atlas : Europe, South Africa, Middle East
D.H. : an outline of de Havilland history
World airline colours. 2
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Kajaani Aerodrome : ILS 07
Air [Vol. 2] : Flying machine
Regulation and competition in air transportation
Aerodrome reports and forecasts : a users' handbook to the codes
INS reference chart - ICAO. Helsinki Aerodrome
Airport and aviation security : U.S. policy and strategy in the age of global terrorism
The sustainability of air transportation : a quantitative analysis and assessment
The professional pilot's manual
Siviili-ilmailun tilastoja 1980-1995 = Statistics of Finnish civil aviation 1980-1995
The airline revolution : economic analysis of airline performance and public policy
Straight and level : practical airline economics
Air transport and tourism
Aerodrome chart - ICAO. Turku Aerodrome
Airline economics : an empirical analysis of market structure and competition in the US airline industry
How Leisure Air Transportation Services Can Be Developed in Kainuu Region
Air Transport Management : an international perspective
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Book 1 (modules 1 to 3), Introduction to tourism, Travel geography, Air transport
Aerodrome obstruction chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Vaasa Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 11-29
The naked pilot : the human factor in aircraft accidents
The pilot's R/T handbook : how to get your pilot's R/T licence
"Air transport industry finance, with its complexity and special needs such as route rights, airport slots, aircraft leasing options and frequent flyer programmes, requires specific knowledge. While there are numerous financial management and corporate finance texts available, few of these provide explanations for the singularities of the airline industry with worked examples drawn directly from the industry itself"--Provided by publisher.
The big book of flight
Aviation insurance : the law and practice of aviation insurance, including hovercraft and spacecraft insurance
Evolution of international aviation : phoenix rising
Airlines remembered : over 200 airlines of the past, described and illustrated in colour
Aviation Systems : Management of the Integrated Aviation Value Chain
Trends and issues in global tourism 2010
Management in the Airline Industry
E-commerce Adoption in the Nigerian Domestic Air Travel Industry
Landing chart - ICAO. Mariehamn Aerodrome
The international directory of civil aircraft. 1997/98
Military air transport : Airlift : The illustrated history
The impact of EU law on the regulation of international air transportation
The low cost carrier worldwide
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Kajaani Aerodrome ; Landing chart - ICAO
Who's who in aviation history : 500 biographies
Abstract: E-Commerce Adoption in the Nigerian Domestic Air Travel Industry
High rollers
Air law. 1, General text
Skyfaring : a journey with a pilot
Introduction to air transport economics : from theory to applications
The global airline industry
ICAO journal : official magazine of international civil aviation
Looking beyond the runway : airlines innovating with best practices while facing realities
Aerology for pilots
Airline finance
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Rovaniemi Aerodrome : ILS21 - NDB 21
Mapping of ILS scatterers and suppression of scatter errors
Air France
Air disasters : dramatic black box flight recordings
Army, postal, and navy air service laws
Journeys and landscapes : Finavia's annual report [2009]
English for cabin crew
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Mikkeli Aerodrome ; Landing chart - ICAO
Visual approach chart - ICAO. Jyväskylä Aerodrome ; Landing chart - ICAO
Air transportation : a management perspective
"Now in its eighth edition, Air Transportation: A Management Perspective by John Wensveen is a proven textbook that offers a comprehensive introduction to the theory and practice of air transportation management"--Provided by publisher.
Regulation of air transport : the slumbering sentinels
The geography of air transport
Airlines Europe
Creating safety in air traffic control
A century of triumph : the history of aviation
Aviation weather and weather services
Airlines worldwide : more than 360 airlines described and illustrated in colour
Airline economics
Destination unknown : marketing research and plan for Turku Air Oy
The air pilot's manual. Volume 4, The aeroplane - technical
Reach for the skies : ballooning, birdmen & blasting into space
Aerodrome chart - ICAO. Helsinki Airport
Cargo liabilities and immunities of air carriers
The freedom of the air
Finnair plus newsletter : news for Finnair plus -members
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Book 2 (module 4), Air fares and ticketing
The world's commercial airlines
"The purpose of this book is twofold. First, it lays out the forces that shaped the international aviation industry and that changed all the rules in the drive for liberalization. Second, it looks at the many interesting and difficult choices ahead that the airline industry in general and the international aviation industry in particular face. These choices include many dichotomies: pulling back from the trend toward liberalization or embracing the liberalization trend, merging in search of profitability or fragmenting the industry in search of economies. These possible futures are explored including the pros and cons of each future from a national, consumer, employer, and employee perspective"--Provided by publisher.
Robust ranking of customers in flight-bookings
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Exercise book (including answers)
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Ivalo Aerodrome ; Landing chart - ICAO
Business and corporate aviation management
Civil aviation carbon dioxide emissions in China
Aircraft year book. 1939
Market analysis of Southern China : Why Finnair failed in Guangzhou and what should be learned
Air transport networks : theory and policy implications
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Course guide
MH370 the secret files : at last... the truth behind the greatest aviation mystery of all time
Automatic Dependent Surveillance – Broadcast System : An Overview of the System and Retrofitting to Older Aircraft
Efficiency and competitiveness of international airlines
Air [Vol. 4] : A history of the future
Competition and efficiency in the European airline industry 1976-1990
English for aviation
Benchmarking passenger air transport marketing activities in Vietnam : case company: Etihad Airways
Critical issues in air transport economics and business
Fly without fear : the only book you'll ever need to conquer your fear
The air pilot's manual. Volume 2 : Aviation law, flight rules and procedures ; Meteorology
