http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4265 Semitic languages
Semitic languages
Oriental literature. Vol. 1, The literature of Persia
Arabic summary.
Forty new ancient west Semitic inscriptions
English-tigrinja dictionary
Biblical and oriental essays in memory of William L. Moran
Abstract in english.
The history of linguistics in the Near East
Further studies in Semitic linguistics
Puzzling out the past : studies in the Northwest Semitic languages and literature in honor of Bruce Zuckerman
Ethiopians speak : studies in cultural background. 1, Harari
Built on solid rock : studies in honour of professor Ebbe Egede Knudsen on the occasion of his 65th birthday April 11th 1997
Studies in modern Semitic languages
Canaanite in the Amarna tablets : a linguistic analysis of the mixed dialect used by the scribes from Canaan. Vol. 3, Morphosyntactic analysis of the particles and adverbs
Parallels in Semitic linguistics : the development of Arabic la- and related Semitic particles
Proceedings of the International Conference on Semitic Studies. held in Jerusalem, 19-23 July 1965.
Cuneiform bilingual hymns, prayers and penitential psalms
Semitic languages and cultures : Hebrew, Aramaic and Ge'ez, jews, chistians and pagans
Semitic languages : outline of comparative grammar
Topics in Hebrew and Semitic linguistics
Current issues in the analysis of Semitic grammar and lexicon : Oslo-Göteborg Cooperation 3rd-5th June 2004
Texts relating to the marzeah : a study of an ancient Semitic institution
Canaanite in the Amarna tablets : a linguistic analysis of the mixed dialect used by the scribes from Canaan. Vol. 2, Morphosyntactic analysis of the verbal system
Biblical Hebrew in its Northwest Semitic setting : typological and historical perspectives
A text-book of North-Semitic inscriptions : Moabite, Hebrew, Phoenician, Aramaic, Nabataean, Palmyrene, Jewish
Ethiopians speak : studies in cultural background. 2, Chaha
The genesis of the alphabet and its development in the second millenium B. C.
Linguistica Semitica : presente e futuro = Linguistique sémitique : présent et avenir = Semitic linguistics : present and future = Semitische sprachwissenschaft : Gegenwart und Zukunft
Geʻez : (classical Ethiopic)
Inor
"I undertook great works" : the ideology of domestic achievements in West Semitic royal inscriptions
Polygenesis, convergence, and entropy : an alternative model of linguistic evolution applied to semitic linguistics
Studies on Semitic lexicography
The syllabic inscriptions from Byblos
A bibliography of Arabic and Islamic studies in Poland : (1945-1992)
West Semitic personal names in the Murašû documents
Collected papers
Textbook of Syrian Semitic inscription. Vol. 1, Hebrew and Moabite inscriptions
Markedness in Canaanite and Hebrew verbs
Studies in Semitic grammaticalization
Studies in Semitic philology
Cuneiform texts from Cappadocian tablets in the British Museum. Part 1.
Horizons in Semitic studies : articles for the student
Research in the field of Semitic languages
The relationship of the Semitic and Egyptian verbal systems
Studies in Hebrew and Semitic languages : dedicated to the memory of Prof. Eduard Yechezkel Kutscher
The Tablet and the scroll : Near Eastern studies in honor of William W. Hallo
A brief introduction to the Semitic languages
Stylistic studies of word-pairs in Biblical and ancient Semitic literatures
Handbuch der Orientalistik. Abt. 1, Der Nahe und Mittlere Osten. Bd 28: A grammar of the Ugaritic language
Lectures on the comparative grammar of the semitic languages
Cuneiform texts from Cappadocian tablets in the British Museum. Part 4
Semitic studies in honour of Edward Ullendorff
Oriental and Biblical studies : collected writings of E. A. Speiser
Semitics
In the beginning : a short history of the Hebrew language
Canaanite in the Amarna tablets : a linguistic analysis of the mixed dialect used by the scribes from Canaan. Vol. 1, Orthography, phonology : morphosyntactic analysis of the pronouns, nouns, numerals
Current issues in the analysis of Semitic grammar and lexicon II : Oslo-Göteborg Cooperation 4th-5th November 2005
Introduction to the Semitic languages : text specimens and grammatical sketches
Early history of the alphabet : an introduction to West Semitic epigraphy and palaeography
Šama,̌ Šapaš, and Murphy's law
Dictionary of the North-West Semitic inscriptions. Part 2, M-T
From Alexandria to Babylon : Near Eastern languages and Hellenistic erudition in the Oxyrhynchus glossary (P.Oxy. 1802 + 4812)
An introduction to the comparative grammar of the Semitic languages : phonology and morphology
The Semitic languages of Ethiopia : a comparative phonology
Affricated Sade in the Semitic languages
Diathesis in the Semitic languages : a comparative morphological study
Comparative semitic linguistics : a manual
Case in semitic : roles, relations, and reconstruction
Early Semitic II : lexico- and phonostatistical survey of the strucutre of the Semitic stock of languages with special reference to South Semitic
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
The scripts of ancient northwest Semitic seals
A philological and literary treatise on the Old Testament divine names ['el, 'aelôah, 'aelohîm, and jahwae[sup h]]
Hebrew from scratch. Part 1
̕Arṣû and ʻAzîzû : a study of the West Semitic "dioscuri" and the gods of dawn and dusk
Development of the Canaanite dialects : an investigation in linguistic history
Amharic and Ethiopic onomastics : a classic Ethiopian legacy, concept and its ingenuity
Broken plurals : origin and development of the system
Cuneiform texts from Cappadocian tablets in the British Museum. Part 2
Semitic and Indo-European. 2, Comparative morphology, syntax and phonetics
Grammatical analysis and glossary of the northwest Semitic vocables in Akkadian texts of the 15th - 13th c.b.C. from Canaan and Syria
Studies in Semitic syntax
Cuneiform texts from Cappadocian tablets in the British Museum. Part 5
Canaanite in the Amarna tablets : a linguistic analysis of the mixed dialect used by the scribes from Canaan. Vol. 4, References and index of texts cited
Basic Amharic : a teaching manual
Generating narratives : interrelations of knowledge, text variants, and Cushitic focus strategies
On pseudo-corrections in some Semitic languages
A quick guide to the Semitic languages and people
Semitic languages : outline of a comparative grammar
Comparative grammar of the Semitic languages
Ethiopians speak : studies in cultural background. 3, Soddo
Epigraphy, philology, and the Hebrew Bible : methodological perspectives on philological and comparative study of the Hebrew Bible in honor of Jo Ann Hackett
The Semitic languages
Early Semitic : a diachronical inquiry into the relationship of Ethiopic to the other so-called South-East Semitic languages
