http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4273 parts of plants
parts of plants
Symplastically transmitted signals regulate pattern formation during root development in Arabidopsis thaliana
CRC handbook of flowering. Vol. 3
Soil-to-plant transfer of uranium and its distribution between plant parts in four boreal forest species
Bolboschoenus maritimus s.l. in the Netherlands : a study of pericarp anatomy based on the work of Irene Robertus-Koster
Root Growth Conditions in Greenwall : Test Method Development and Experiment Conduction
Patterns of dry matter partitioning and 14C-photosynthate allocation in 1.5-year-old Scots pine seedlings
Manual of leaf architecture
Anatomy of flowering plants : an introduction to structure and development
The pollen tube : a cellular and molecular perspective
Natural surfaces : visual research for artists, architects, and designers
Photosynthetic adaptation : chloroplast to landscape
Influence of vegetation stage on the solasodine content in four natural Solanum sodomeum L. populations in Tunisia
Biogas from waste and renewable resources : an introduction
Structure and function of plants
Plant cryopreservation : a practical guide
A novel optimization model for plant cell cultures ; "CELLOP"
Visible empire : botanical expeditions and visual culture in the Hispanic Enlightenment
Reactivity of woody and herbaceous biomass chars
Guns, germs and steel : a short history of everybody for the last 13000 years
CRC handbook of flowering. Vol. 6
The methodology of net primary production investigations in Norwegian IBP tundra studies
Modelling tree biomasses in Finland
Guide to standard floras of the world : An annotated, geographically arranged systematic bibliography of the principal floras, enumerations, checklists and chorological atlases of different areas
Summary.
Biomass functions for Scots pine, Norway spruce and birch in Finland
Botanical riches : stories of botanical exploration
Travels in Georgia and Florida, 1773-74 : a report to Dr. John Fothergill
Somaclonal variation in transformed roots and protoplast-derived hairy root clones of Hyoscyamus muticus
Perigynium and achene epidermis in some species of Carex, subg. Vignea (Cyperaceae), studied by scanning electron microscopy
CRC handbook of flowering. Vol. 5
Abstract: The harvesting methods and the sorting procedure are described for plants from IBP tundra sites in Norway...
Biology of plants
Handbook of methods used in rhizosphere research
Plant health import regulations : Finland
Fairie-ality style : a sourcebook of inspirations from nature
Effects of dead pine root inputs on soil fauna and the decomposition of dead roots in a spodosol soil from the New Jersey Pinelands
The den book
Let your kids go wild outside : creative ways to help children discover nature and enjoy the great outdoors
Icones of the essential forest trees of Hokkaido
Seeds : physiology of development and germination
Cryopreservation of buds and in vitro shoot tips of Betula pendula
Allocation of added selenium in lettuce and its impact on roots
Craft from natural materials
Leaf protein concentrates
Digital plant photography
A colour atlas of plant structure
