http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4285 sexual health
sexual health
Sexology in context : a scientific anthology
International perspectives on sexual and reproductive health
Finnish yearbook of population research. 45, 2010
Healthy economy : economic growth depends on the wellbeing of the population
Nurses' experiences of multicultural clients in sexual and reproductive health care in Kokkola
You're teaching my child what? : a physician exposes the lies of sex education and how they harm your child
Essential midwifery practice. Postnatal care
Can I just ask?
"This book innovatively re-envisions the possibilities of sexuality education. Utilizing student critiques of programs it reconfigures key debates in sexuality education including: Should pleasure be part of the curriculum? Who makes the best educators? Do students prefer single or mixed gender classes?"--
Prevention of HIV/AIDS among young people, from a gender perspective in Mexico : internal evaluation report 2001
Evidence-based child health care : challenges for practice
Get real about sex : the politics and practice of sex education
Sexually transmitted diseases : knowledge base and attitudes of young adults in an institute of higher education about sexually transmitted diseases, Finland
Principles and practice of sex therapy
Abstract: "Shall we meet?" Raising awareness about the risks of meeting persons from the internet.
Health promotion creates conditions that promote rather than damage health by bringing about changes in policy on a local, national and international level. This book outlines clearly the function and position of health promotion.
Sexual health and relationship skills : a guide for adolescents and adults on the autism spectrum and their partners
The sexual health of men
Assessment of pedagogical prevention of early adolescent sexual relations : summary of doctoral dissertation, social sciences, educology (07 S) = Paauglių ankstyvųjų lytinių santykių pedagoginės prevencijos vertinimas : daktaro disertacija socialiniai mokslai, edukologija (07 S)
Public health benefits of partner notification for sexually transmitted infections and HIV
Migrant health : HIV testing and counselling in migrant populations and ethnic minorities in EU/EEA/EFTA member states
No name fever : AIDS in the age of globalization
Men's sexual health
Towards sustainable development : policies and practicies : Finnish achievements
Can I just ask? : the 250+ curious questions that off-duty doctors are most often asked
Sexual intelligence : what we really want from sex and how to get it
University students' attitudes towards HIV/AIDS in Finland and in Kenya
Promotion of sexual health : recommendations for action : proceedings of a regional consultation : May 19-22- 2000
Abstract: Russian roulette : the obstacles and needs of young people in family planning in St. Petersburg and Riga.
Keeping in condition : a handbook on training for older boys
Fpa contraceptive handbook : a guide for family planning and other health professionals
Abstract: Perspectives into the sexual health of young people.
XII World Congress of Pediatric and Adolescent Gynecology, May 31-June 3 1998 Helsinki, Finland : final program and book of abstracts
Women, sexuality and the political power of pleasure
This report demonstrates the relationship between sexual health, human rights and the law. Drawing from a review of public health evidence and extensive research into human rights law at international, regional and national levels, the report shows how states in different parts of the world can and do support sexual health through legal and other mechanisms that are consistent with human rights standards and their own human rights obligations.
Survey of gynecological problems during childhood and early adolescence in an academic center
Sexuality, sexual health and ageing
Sexual health among young adults in Finland : assessing risk and protective behaviour through a general health survey
Queer : the ultimate LGBT guide for teens
A new view of women's sexual problems
Human sexuality : diversity in contemporary America
Exploring the dimensions of human sexuality
Issues in therapy with lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender clients
Our sexuality
The Tao of sexology : the book of infinite wisdom
Women's sexual health
Reproductive health and fertility in St. Petersburg : report on a survey of 18-44 year old women in 2004 = Reproduktivnoe zdorov'e i fertilnost' v Sankt-Peterburge : otčet po rezul'tatam oprosa, provedennogo sredi ženŝin ot 18 do 44 let v 2004 godu
Sexual health : a nurseś guide
Multicultural issues in counseling : new approaches to diversity
New views on sexual health : the case of Finland
Women's health
Human Sexuality: Diversity in Contemporary America presents a forward thinking, open approach to Human Sexuality for today's student. The new lead authors, Bill Yarber and Barbara Sayad, continue to bring their research experience to the book while maintaining the engaging writing style that original author Bryan Strong brought to this best-selling text for years. The first text to achieve a full integration of cutting-edge research with a contemporary "sex-positive" approach, it also strives to represent the modern, diverse world that students encounter outside the classroom. Both within the text itself and throughout the exemplary art and photo program, the focus is on inclusion. Human Sexuality has been lauded by students and instructors alike for providing the most integrated and non-judgmental view of sexual orientation available. The eighth edition maintains these themes while adding a new contemporary design, streamlined format and significant content and feature revisions and updates.
Sex, youth, and sex education : a reference handbook
Sexual health : a public health perspective
Reproductive and sexual rights : charting the course of transnational womenś NGOs
After Cairo and before (and after) Beijing : sexual and reproductive health as a part of the empowerment of teenage girls and women
Sex for life : from virginity to Viagra, how sexuality changes throughout our lives
Market town project, Madhya Pradesh, India : social marketing of contraceptives and information campaign on sexual and reproductive health and rights : annual follow-up review 2003-2004
Pleasure and health by education, counselling and treatment : Nordic Association for Clinical Sexology NACS 2012
Masturbation as a means of achieving sexual health
Sexualities in health and social care : a textbook
English summary.
Rethinking health promotion : a global approach
Planning and implementing health interventions : extrapolated theories of health education and constructed determinants of risk-taking
The essential handbook of women's sexuality. Vol. 2, Diversity, health, and violence
The ability of adolescent girls to exert control over sexually-charged situations : a narrative study for the promotion of sexual health
Cultural diversity in health and social care : some questions and answers for health care professionals
Promoting health and well-being through schools
Sexual intelligence : what we really want from sex - and how to get it
Women's sexual function and dysfunction : study, diagnosis and treatment
Nutraceuticals and functional foods in human health and disease prevention
Market town project : annual follow-up review 2001
Oxford handbook of midwifery
Social work with multicultural youth
A study of Finnish undergraduate students attitudes and knowledge of HIV and AIDS following comprehensive school education
Abstract: Sexual education and sexual health knowledge among Finnish adolescents at pupil and school level: evaluation from the point of view of health promotion.
Russian roulette : the obstacles and needs of young people in family planning in St. Petersburg and Riga.
The problematics of well-being : experiences and expectations of migrants and New Finns in the Finnish welfare state
Lifestyle modification
Development with a body : sexuality, human rights and development
Breaking the silence : conceptions of adolescents on sexual health issues in modernising development society : the case of Nakamte High School, Ethiopia
Being female : what every woman should know about gynecological health
The evolution of sexual health in Finland : how we did it
Routledge handbook of sexuality, health and rights
Male involvement and gender issues in South Asia : seminar on sexual and reproductive health and rights and male involvement in South Asia, November 28, 2002, Helsinki, Finland
Contraception made easy
Sexual health, human rights and the law
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
"Shall we meet?": raising awareness about the risks of meeting persons from the internet
Advanced health assessment of women : clinical skills and procedures
The sex manual
Handbook of contraception and sexual health
The ESSM syllabus of sexual medicine
Trends in teenage sexual behavior and births in Europe
Yhteinen maailma - kaukana toisistaan : tiivistelmä YK:n Väestörahaston vuosiraportista The state of world population 2000
Health of women with intellectual disabilities
Lungwena-Makanjira reproductive health project : annual follow-up review 2002
Sexual health promotion
Young people and sexuality education : rethinking key debates
Gender circuits : bodies and identities in a technological age
Sexual health
Sexually transmitted diseases: knowledge base and attitudes of young adults in an institute of higher education about sexually transmitted diseases, Finland
Reproductive health : women and men's shared responsibility
Sexual health education for 8th graders
Reproductive health and sexuality in St. Petersburg : report of a survey of young men in 2003
Shepherding desire : sexual health promotion in Finland from the 1940s to the 1990s
Sex education in secondary schools
Family health promotion : culture and well-being
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
The essential handbook of women's sexuality. Vol. 1, Meanings, development, and worldwide views
Sexuality and learning disabilities : a handbook
Report on the Toolkit : advocating for sexual and reproductive health and rights of young people and youth participation
Reproductive health and fertility in St. Petersburg : report on a survey of 18-44 old women in 2004
Abortions and sexually transmitted infections among women in St. Petersburg in the early 2000s : comparison by population based surveys in Estonia and Finland
Finnish official development aid for sexual and reproductive health and rights in Sub-Saharan Africa
