http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4286 sexual morality
sexual morality
Amy & Isabelle : a novel
Sexual exploitation in sport is a problem that has beset both male and female athletes privately for decades but which has only recently emerged as a public issue. Spoilsports is the first comprehensive review of this issue, integrating pioneering academic research, theoretical perspectives, and practical guidelines for performers, coaches, administrators and policy-makers. Spoilsports draws extensively on the personal experiences of athletes and those involved in sport. Challenging and controversial, this book represents an important step towards tackling a difficult issue. It is essential reading for coaches, athletes, parents, policy-makers and all those with a personal or professional interest in sport.
Diana E. H. Russell, well-known for her pioneer research on the prevalence of rape and child sexual abuse, the reality of wife rape, the trauma of incestuous abuse, and the misogynist killing of women (femicide), breaks new ground once again in her analysis of pornography and its relationship with misogyny and rape. In this unflinching and uncompromising volume, Diana E. H. Russell examines the relationships between pornography, misogyny, and rape. As the title implies, Russell contends that these relationships are in fact dangerous to women. Dangerous Relationships begins by dealing with the vexing and thorny issue of defining pornography and considers the various types of pornographic materials that are commonly available. Russell turns to the notion that hatred of women is a predominate aspect of pornography and that racist undercurrents are often exploited in visual pornography of all types. She examines the conception of pornography as a cause of rape and provides a rich body of statistical evidence supporting the relationship. Dangerous Relationships argues forcefully that pornography indeed has victims and is a call to arms against the misogyny it engenders. Because pornography is increasingly accessible through the Internet, CD ROMs, digital cameras, and new technology, Dangerous Relationships will be important to scholars in the fields of violence against women, child abuse, interpersonal violence, deviant psychology, sociology, and criminal justice.
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Obscenity, blasphemy, sedition : censorship in Australia
Bodies, sex and desire from the Renaissance to the present
Augustine of Hippo is considered the most influential theologian in the history of the Church in the West. Augustine developed a sexual ethic that became decisive for later teachings on issues of marriage, reproduction and sexuality. Some of the most significant passages are reproduced here.
What's the harm? : does legalizing same-sex marriage really harm individuals, families, or society?
Sexual moralities
The history of human marriage : in three volumes. Vol. III
Agape, Eros, gender : towards a Pauline sexual ethic
Drunk with the glitter : space, consumption and sexual instability in modern urban culture
Berlin coquette : prostitution and the new German woman, 1890/1933
Christian ethics and contemporary moral problems
Body, sex, and pleasure : reconstructing Christian sexual ethics
Sex education in secondary schools
The bankruptcy of marriage
Dangerous relationships : pornography, misogyny, and rape
Marriage and morals
Not even a hint
More than two : a practical guide to ethical polyamory
A history of erotic literature
Fertility and pleasure : ritual and sexual values in Tokugawa Japan
The history of sexuality. Volume 1, The will to knowledge
The man question : loves and lives in late 20th century Russia
The history of sexuality. Vol. 2, The use of pleasure
Of sexual irregularities, and other writings on sexual morality
African theologians constructing sexual ethics sensitive to HIV stigma
Sexual revolutions
A sociology of sex and sexuality
Problems of patriarchy in Thomas Hardy's Far from the Madding Crowd and Tess of the D'Urbervilles
The history of human marriage. Part 1, The origin of human marriage
Love does no harm : sexual ethics for the rest of us
Love in the time of Victoria : sexuality and desire among working-class men and women in nineteenth-century London
Self-restraint v. self-indulgence
The Sleep of Reason brings together an international group of philosophers, philologists, literary critics, and historians to consider two questions normally kept separate: how is erotic experience understood in classical texts of various kinds, and what ethical judgments and philosophical arguments are made about sex? From same-sex desire to conjugal love, and from Plato and Aristotle to the Roman Stoic Musonius Rufus, the contributors demonstrate the complexity and diversity of classical sexuality. They also show that the ethics of eros, in both Greece and Rome, shared a number of commonalities: a focus not only on self-mastery, but also on reciprocity; a concern among men not just for penetration and display of their power, but also for being gentle and kind, and for being loved for themselves; and that women and even younger men felt not only gratitude and acceptance, but also joy and sexual desire.
Orthodox Christianity, marriage & contraception : understanding the mystery of marriage and the problem of contraception from within the Orthodox Christian dogmatic tradition
Making love just : sexual ethics for perplexing times
The sleep of reason : erotic expierience and sexual ethics in ancient Greece and Rome
The philosophy of sex : contemporary readings
The history of human marriage : in three volumes. Vol. I
The history of human marriage : in three volumes. Vol. II
Banishing the beast : English feminism and sexual morality 1885-1914
Forbidden history : the state, society, and the regulation of sexuality in modern Europe : essays from the Journal of the history of sexuality
A just & true love : feminism at the frontiers of theological ethics : essays in honor of Margaret A. Farley
The body in context : sex and Catholicism
The sex diaries : why women go off sex and other bedroom battles
Philosophical perspectives on sex and love
Porneia : on desire and the body in antiquity
Queer Theology : Rethinking the Western Body
The sexual revolution : toward a self-regulating character structure
When passion reigned : sex and the Victorians
The virgin suicides
Intimate matters : a history of sexuality in America
The social context of premarital sexual permissiveness
Sexual morality in ancient Rome
Finnish summary.
St. Augustine on marriage and sexuality
Sex, gender, and Christian ethics
An intimate history of the front : masculinity, sexuality, and German soldiers in the First World War
Fertility & gender : issues in reproductive and sexual ethics
The idea of prostitution
Beyond machos and madonnas? : issues of sexual ethics in Latin American liberation theology
Teeth
The museum of innocence
Spoilsports : understanding and preventing sexual exploitation in sport
The history of human marriage. 1-3
Philosophy and sex
The paradox of love
Hegel and the logical structure of love : an essay on sexualities, family, and the law
Sex & punishment : four thousand years of judging desire
An Emergent Victorian female discourse in Anne Brontë's The tenant of Wildfell Hall
Sexuality and its discontents : meanings, myths & modern sexualities
Sexual ethics : the meaning and foundations of sexual morality
Intimate life styles : marriage and its alternatives
A question of truth : Christianity and homosexuality
Sexual politics in modern Iran
Christianity and sexuality in the early modern world : regulating desire, reforming pratice
The mistress : histories, myths and interpretations of the `other woman'
The history of human marriage. 1, The origin of human marriage
Sexual blackmail : a modern history
The philosophy of sex and love : an introduction
Sacrament of sexuality
Philosophy and sex : adultery, monogamy, feminism, rape, same-sex marriage, abortion, promiscuity, perversion
Polyamory : the new love without limits : secrets of sustainable intimate relationships
The ethical slut : a practical guide to polyamory, open relationships & other adventures
The keys to happiness : sex and the search for modernity in fin-de-siècle Russia
The history of sexuality. 3, The care of the self
The shadow of Dionysus : a contribution to the sociology of the orgy
Masculity and the ethos of sexual liberation
Forbidden texts : erotic literature and its readers in eighteenth-century France
Sex, sin and stigma : the challenges of HIV and AIDS-related stigmatisation to the understanding of sin, the human being and Christian sexual ethics
Ruskin's mythic queen : gender subversion in Victorian culture
Coming of age in Samoa : a psychological study of primitive youth for Western civilization
Conjugal chastity in Pope Wojtyla
Polyamory in the twenty-first century : love and intimacy with multiple partners
Fashioning adultery : gender, sex and civility in England, 1660-1740
Uniform justice
Studies in the Psychology of Sex / vol. 6. Sex in Relation to Society
Uniform Justice
Sexuality in Greek and Roman culture
The elements of moral philosophy
Imperiled innocents : Anthony Comstock and family reproduction in Victorian America
Strength in numbers : population, reproduction, and power in eighteenth-century France
Sexuality
Sexuality, state, and civil society in Germany, 1700-1815
Philosophy of sexuality
Law, sexuality, and society : the enforcement of morals in classical Athens
Premarital sexuality : attitudes, relationships, behavior
Anthropology and sexual morality : a theoretical investigation
Report of the Consultation : held at the Collège Protestant Romand at Founex, Switzerland, July 6-10, 1964 : on sexual ethics today
On behalf of God : a Christian ethic for biology
Human sexuality
Sexual revolution in Bolshevik Russia
Sex in the western world : the development of attitudes and behaviour
Finnish sex : the tables of all the questions of the 1992 survey and the comparable questions of the 1971 survey
Sexual transgression in the Hebrew Bible
The wages of sin : sex and disease, past and present
Anarchism : a documentary history of libertarian ideas. Vol. 2, The emergence of the new anarchism (1939-1977)
The soul of sex : cultivating life as an act of love
The French Revolution : faith, desire, and politics
The invasion of compulsory sex-morality
Knowledge of sexual issues, moral beliefs, and sexual experiences among adolescents in Estonia and Finland
Ethos of sexual liberation and the masculine other
Anglican difficulties : a new syllabus of errors
"Brown calmly lays out the facts of how he became not only a willing participant in but also a vocal proponent of one of the world's most hot-button topics--prostitution. Paying For It offers an entirely contemporary exploration of sex work--from the timid john who rides his bike to meet his escorts, wonders how to tip so as not to offend, and reads Dan Savage for advice, to the modern-day transactions complete with online reviews, seemingly willing participants, and clean apartments devoid of cliches street corners, drugs, or primps"--Publisher's web site.
Consuming desire : sexual science and the emergence of a culture of abundance 1871-1914
The new intimacy : open-ended marriage and alternative lifestyles
Catholic sexual ethics : a summary, explanation, & defense
The family and marriage in a changing world
Dialogue about Catholic sexual teaching
The ethics of gender
Studies in the psychology of sex. Vol. 6, Sex in relation to society
The making of fornication : eros, ethics, and political reform in Greek philosophy and early Christianity
Humanae vitae : a generation later
"This introductory textbook is an overview of the nature and the ethics of the many aspects of sex and love"--Provided by publisher.
Pornography and democratization : legislating obscenity in post-communist Russia
The history of human marriage. Part I, The origin of human marriage
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Reason and sexuality in western thought
The future of marriage in western civilisation
Sexual Revolutions explores the sexual revolution of the late twentieth century in several European countries and the USA by engaging with themes from sexual freedom and abortion to pornography and sexual variation. This work discusses the involvement of youth, feminism, left, liberalism, arts, science and religion in the process of sexual change.
Cuckoldry, impotence and adultery in Europe (15th-17th century)
Inappropriate relationships : the unconventional, the disapproved & the forbidden
Capital affairs : London and the making of the permissive society
Obscenity and public morality : censorship in a liberal society
Sexual love and western morality : a philosophical anthology
The history of sexuality is a subject of increasing importance in the interpretation of past attitudes. Yet historians have only recently begun to study sexual practices and to establish that sexuality is not a biological constant but an ever-changing phenomenon, continuously being shaped by people themselves. Few sexual attitudes are immutable, and incest, homosexuality, pornography, and masturbation, for example, have been the subject of widely differing opinions at different periods of history. The contributors bring their expertise in ancient as well as medieval history, anthropology, modern history, and psychology to bear upon the history of sexuality. They explore various aspects of sexuality in successive periods: pederasty and lesbian love in antiquity, incest in the Middle Ages, sexual education during the Dutch Republic, voyeurism in the rococo, prostitution in Vienna around 1900, and the invention of sexology. This book should be of interest to students and teachers of history, sociology, cultural studies and social work.
The god of small things
New women in colonial Korea : a sourcebook
Sex and power : defining history, shaping societies
An ethics of sexula difference
From Sappho to De Sade : moments in the history of sexuality
Rereading sex : battles over sexual knowledge and suppression in nineteenth-century America
Breaking the barriers to desire : polyamory, polyfidelity and non-monogamy : new approaches to multiple relationships
Dress and morality
The history of human marriage
Paying for it : a comic-strip memoir about being a john
Live sex acts : women performing erotic labor
The spinster and her enemies : feminism and sexuality 1880-1930
