http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4288 bicycle and pedestrian traffic
bicycle and pedestrian traffic
Abstract: Crash violence within the traffic system : risks and their reduction on regional and connecting roads.
Elements & total concept of urban signage design
From LED die to a lighting system : performance improvement in LED lighting by means of thermal management and smart control
Summary: The Kuhmo urban road improvement.
Promoting pedestrian and bicycle traffic in Finland : the JALOIN programme 2001-2004
Kaupungin uusi taso = A new level of the city
Walcyng : how to enhance walking and cycling instead of shorter car trips and to make these modes safer
Elements & total concept of urban landscape design
Public streets for public use
Symbol signs : the complete study of passenger/pedestrian oriented symbols developed by The American Institute of Graphic Arts for the U. S. Department of Transportation
Streetfight : handbook for an urban revolution
Outdoor lighting : mesopic photometry, adaptation conditions and user preferences in pedestrian way lighting
Graphics in the third dimension = Graphic Design in der 3. Dimension
Report of the Ninety-sixth Round Table on Transport Economics held in Paris on 10th-11th June 1993 on the following topic: Short-distance passenger travel
Analysis and development of new insight into substitution of short car trips by cycling and walking : how to substitute short car trips by cycling and walking : Adonis
Cycling : the way ahead for towns and cities
Regenerating urban core : publication of the YTK/IFHP Urban Planning and Design Summer School 2008
Traffic safety of vulnerable road users in urban areas.
The enlightened cyclist : commuter angst, dangerous drivers, and other obstacles on the path to two-wheeled transcendence
Cycling futures : from research into practice
Vitality from walking and cycling
As New York Citys transportation commissioner, Janette Sadik-Khan managed the seemingly impossible and transformed the streets of one of the worlds greatest, toughest cities into dynamic spaces safe for pedestrians and bikers. Her approach was dramatic and effective: Simply painting a part of the street to make it into a plaza or bus lane not only made the street safer, but it also lessened congestion and increased foot traffic, which improved the bottom line of businesses. Real-life experience confirmed that if you know how to read the street, you can make it function better by not totally reconstructing it but by reallocating the space thats already there.  Breaking the street into its component parts, Streetfight demonstrates, with step-by-step visuals, how to rewrite the underlying source code of a street, with pointers on how to add protected bike paths, improve crosswalk space, and provide visual cues to reduce speeding. Achieving such a radical overhaul wasnt easy, and Streetfight pulls back the curtain on the battles Sadik-Khan won to make her approach work. She includes examples of how this new way to read the streets has already made its way around the world, from pocket parks in Mexico City and Los Angeles to more pedestrian-friendly streets in Auckland and Buenos Aires, and innovative bike-lane designs and plazas in Austin, Indianapolis, and San Francisco. Many are inspired by the changes taking place in New York City and are based on the same techniques. Streetfight deconstructs, reassembles, and reinvents the street, inviting readers to see it in ways they never imagined.
New market orientated transport systems
Footbridges : construction, design, history
Aesthetics of flyovers : improving the appearance of flyovers and pedestrian underpasses
Promotion of transport walking and cycling in Europe : strategy directions
Tapionraitti - the backbone of the pedestrian precinct
The print casebooks : the best in environmental graphics : first annual edition
