http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4287 cyclists
cyclists
Seven deadly sins
Systematically and mercilessly realigning the world of cycling
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 8
GTO. Vol. 10 / [translator & English adaptation Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
Every second counts
Kapp to cape : never look back : race to the end of the Earth
Tour de France : the story of the world's greatest cycle race
GTO. Vol. 4 / [translator: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
GTO. Vol. 1 / [translator: Dan Papia] ; [English adaptation: Santiago Hernandez, Jr.] : great teacher Onizuka
Traffic safety of vulnerable road users in urban areas.
Procycling
Abstract: Crash violence within the traffic system : risks and their reduction on regional and connecting roads.
It's not about the bike : my journey back to life
It's Not About the Bike : My Journey Back to Life
Domestique : the true life ups and downs of a Tour  cyclist
The world of cycling according to G
The invisible mile
GTO. Vol. 9 / [translator & English adaptation: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
Domestique : the true life ups and downs of a tour cyclist
Bernard Hinault and the fall and rise of French cycling
Tour de France : the complete book of the world's greatest cycle race
Action-packed thriller. Tom's in trouble - the dam has burst! Can he escape the thundering rush of water in time? Or will a mysterious moto and driver come to his rescue? Particularly suitable for struggling, reluctant and dyslexic readers aged 12+ / WorldCat.
The Armstrong lie
Around Africa on my bicycle
Finnish motocycle TT : Grand Prix : kolme vuosikymmentä kuvina = Grand Prix : three decades in pictures
Deadly decisions
The Racer : Life on the road as a pro cyclist
The never-ending ride in the white night : the material world and the body in written bicycle memories
Exile on Front Street : my life as a Hells Angel
The monuments : the grit and the glory of cycling's greatest one-day races
Tour de Lance : a wild ride through Lance Armstrong's comeback
GTO. Vol. 6 / [translator: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
The mammoth book ot bikers
Regenerating urban core : publication of the YTK/IFHP Urban Planning and Design Summer School 2008
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 2
Eat, sleep, cycle : a bike ride around the coast of Britain
City-making : a multi-stakeholder approach for Helsinki
The slow way down : riding the world's longest cycling race from Cairo to Cape Town
Helsinki : towards a solid cycling culture : a journey into winter cycling
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 5
Comeback 2.0 : up close and personal
Born to be wild : Harleys, bikers & music for easy riders
Taking readers behind the scenes during the 2009 racing season and along for the ride on the Tour de France with a dramatic mile-by-mile account, Strickland offers a penetrating and candid glimpse into the man behind the myth. "Tour de Lance" goes beyond a single season or a single race to reveal the heart of the sport and the soul of cyclist Lance Armstrong.
Merckx : half man, half bike
Urban cycling : from the BMX to the fixie
The secret race : inside the hidden world of the Tour de France: doping, cover-ups, and winning at all costs
An evaluation of the potential of e-coaching for riders
Tour de France : the history, the legend, the riders
Motorcycle jackets : a century of leather design
The death of Marco Pantani : a biography
Road rage
Lance Armstrong : the world's greatest champion
Road to Valour : Gino Bartali : Tour de France legend and world war two hero
The total motorcycling manual
The program
Competitive cycling
Jarno Saarinen : the flying Finn = der fliegende Finne
It's all about the bike : my autobiography
Cycling science : how rider and machine work together
Wheelmen : Lance Armstrong, the Tour de France, and the greatest sports conspiracy ever
Racing through the dark : the fall and rise of David Millar
Cycle chic
Seven deadly sins : my pursuit of Lance Armstrong
GTO. Vol. 3 / [translator: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
Finnish motorcycle TT-Suomen Grand Pix : kolme vuosikymmentä kuvina = three decades in pictures
Cycling for gold
Born to be wild : the rise of the American motorcyclist
The secret race : inside the hidden world of the Tour de France : doping, cover-ups, and winning at all costs
Biography & autobiography.
Down and out in Patagonia, Kamchatka and Timbuktu : Greg Frazier's round and round and round the world motorcycle journey
The story of Finnish bikers
"After forty years in the Hells Angels, George Christie was ready to retire. As the president of the high-profile Ventura chapter of the club, he had been the yin to Sonny Barger's yang. Barger was the reckless figurehead and de facto world leader of the Angels. Christie was the negotiator, the spokesman, the thinker, the guy who smoothed things out. He was the one who carried the Olympic torch and counted movie stars, artists, the Grateful Dead and police chief captains among his friends. But leaving isn't easy, and within two weeks of retirement he was told he was "out bad," blackballed by his fellow Angels, prohibited from wearing the club patch, even told he should remove his Death's Head tattoo. Now, Christie's set out to tell his story. Exile on Front Street is the tale of how a middle-class electrician gave up a comfortable job with the Department of Defense and swore allegiance to the Hells Angels. In this action-packed, hard-hitting memoir, he recounts his life as an outlaw biker with the world's most infamous motorcycle club"--
Lance Armstrong : tour de force
Valentino Rossi : portrait of a speed god
Cycle of lies : the fall of Lance Armstrong
Outlaw biker : a sort of history
When Lance Armstrong fought back from life-threatening cancer to win the 1999 Tour de France - the so-called 'Tour of Renewal' - it seemed almost too good to be true. It was. Sunday Times journalist David Walsh was one of a small group who was prepared to raise awkward questions about Armstrong's seemingly superhuman feats. And so began a 13-year battle to reveal the truth that finally ended in October 2012 when the cyclist was stripped of his seven Tour victories and banned from the sport for life. Walsh's gripping and moving personal account of his struggles is a revealing insight into the murkier end of professional cycling - a place where having the right doctor can make all the difference and where there existed a conspiracy of silence. As he shows, it never was about the bike. However, spurred on by a few brave people who were prepared to speak out in the hope of saving the sport they loved, Walsh continued to probe, and eventually he was vindicated when Armstrong's reputation was ruined. Seven Deadly Sins takes the reader into a world of doping and lies, but shows that there is always hope for a better future.
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 7
