http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4280 audience
audience public
Television and TV viewing are not what they once were--and that's a good thing, according to award-winning author and critic Clive James. Since serving as television columnist for the London Observer from 1972 to 1982, James has witnessed a radical change in content, format, and programming, and in the very manner in which TV is watched. Here he examines this unique cultural revolution, providing a brilliant, eminently entertaining analysis of many of the medium's most notable twenty-first-century accomplishments and their not always subtle impact on modern society--including such acclaimed serial dramas as Breaking Bad, The West Wing, Mad Men, and The Sopranos, as well as the comedy 30 Rock. With intelligence and wit, James explores a television landscape expanded by cable and broadband and profoundly altered by the advent of Netflix, Amazon, and other "cord-cutting" platforms that have helped to usher in a golden age of unabashed binge-watching.
Waste management plan for Farmari 2005 Agricultural Fair of Finland
No innocent bystanders : performance art and audience
Consuming television : television and its audience
The fool and his scepter : a study in clowns and jesters and their audience
Coughing and clapping : investigating audience experience
Feeling film : affect and authenticity in popular cinema
Polish theatrical audiences in figures : (1946-1967) : publication of the Polish Centre of the International Theatre Institute
Radio in Africa : publics, cultures, communities
Designing for the museum visitor experience
Media use as social action : a European approach to audience studies
Dirty little secrets of the record business
Museum educator's handbook
The Handbook of Media Audiences
Armchair nation : an intimate history of Britain in front of the TV
Rethinking learning : museums and young people
Watching while black : centering the television of black audiences
New directions in audience research
Introduction -- audience/society transformations / Nico Carpentier, Kim Schrøder and Lawrie Hallett -- Using the media. Cross-media use: Unfolding complexities in contemporary audiencehood / Jakob Bjur, Kim Schrøder, Uwe Hasebrink, Ceric Courtois, Hanna Adoni and Hillel Nossek -- New genres: new roles for the audience? An overview of recent research / Ranjana Das, Jelena Kleut and Guran Bolin -- On the role of media in socially demanding situations / Ingrid Paus-Hasebrink, Jasmin Kulterer, David Omahel and Vera Kontrakov -- Unpacking the audience's complex structures (generations, minorities and networks). Generations and media: The social construction of generational identity and differences / Nicoletta Vittadini, Andra Siibak, Irena Carpentier Reifov and Helena Bilandzic -- "Lost in mainstreaming"? Ethnic minority audiences for public and private broadcasting / Marta Cola, Kaarina Nikunen, Alexander Dhoest and Gavan Titley -- Networks of belonging: Interaction, participation and consumption of mediatised content / Paula Cordeiro, Manuel Damsio, Guy Starkey, Ines Botelho, Patricia Dias, Carla Ganito, Catia Ferreira and Sara Henriques -- Participation in and through the media. The democratic (media) revolution: A parallel genealogy of political and media participation / Nico Carpentier, Peter Dahlgren and Francesca Pasquali -- The mediation of civic participation: Diverse forms of political agency in a multimedia age / Peter Lunt, Anne Kaun, Pille Pruulmann-Vengerfeldt, Birgit Stark and Liesbet Van oonen -- New perspectives on audience activity: 'prosumption' and media activism as audience practices / Brian O'Neill, J. Ignacio Gallego, Frauke Zeller -- The role of the media industry when participation is a product / Jose M. Noguera, Mikko Villi, Nora Nyire, Emiliana de Blasio and Melanie Bourdaa -- Prerequisites of participation: access, literacies and trust. Transforming digital divides in different national contexts / Sascha Triltzsch, Ragne Kiuts-Klemm, Piermarco Aroldi -- Situating media literacy in the changing media environment: critical insights from European research on audiences / Sonia Livingstone, Christine W. Wijnen, Tao Papaioannou, Conceio Costa and Maria del Mar Grandio -- What does it mean to trust the media? / Tereza Pavlokov, Lars Nyre and Jelena Juriic.
Understanding audiences and the film industry
Laughing and weeping in early modern theatres
Communicating with the museum visitor : guidelines for planning
Active audience : a new materialistic interpretation of a key concept of cultural studies
Women finally began acting in 1660, well over a century after public playhouses first drew crowds in England. The appearance of the actress has riveted the scholarly gaze, but until now there has been little attention given to a crucial subject: her dramatic prologues and epilogues. Accompanying over ninety per cent of all performed and printed plays between 1660 and 1714, these customized comic verses that promoted the play evolved into essential theatrical elements, and they both contributed to and reflected a performer's success. Once dismissed by scholars as formulaic, prologues and epilogues should be included in scholars' analyses of Restoration and eighteenth-century plays in order for us to understand how Restoration audiences consumed plays. My project unites the Restoration actress and the dramatic prologue and epilogue in the first book-length study on the subject. Methodologically, it contributes to Restoration scholarship by bringing the critical lenses of performance and print culture theory to Restoration theatre. Because my study considers Restoration plays as both performances and publications, it treats plays as their original audiences perceived them, and thus expands our understanding of texts as performative and of performance as textual.
Playgoing in Shakespeare's London
A choreographer's handbook
Pre-modern games in a modern world : a case of public festivals as rational recreation in 19th century Finland
Conversations with visitors : social media in museums : selected essays
The absent voice : narrative comprehension in the theater
Audience responses to media diversification : coping with plenty
The cinema ideal : an introduction to psychoanalytic studies of the film spectator
American movie audiences : from the turn of the century to the early sound era
Viewing, reading, listening : audiences and cultural reception
Introduction to documentary production : a guide for media students
Building bridges : Guidance for museums and galleries on developing new audiences
Characteristics of local media audiences
YLE broadcasting research : 1992 review
Audience transformations : shifting audience positions in late modernity
Access for disabled people to arts premises : the journey sequence
Cat on a queer tin roof : a descriptive study of the process of character analysis and directing
"In the contemporary fascination with images of crime, violence gets under our skin and keeps us enthralled. The Scene of Violence explores the spectator's encounter with the cinematic scene of violence - rape and revenge, homicide and serial killing, torture and terrorism. Providing a detailed reading of both classical and contemporary films - for example, Kill Bill, Blue Velvet, Reservoir Dogs, The Matrix, Psycho, The Accused, Elephant, Seven, Thelma & Louise, United 93, Zodiac and No Country for Old Men - Alison Young returns the affective processes of the cinematic image to the study of law, crime and violence. Engaging with legal theory, cultural criminology and film studies, the book unfolds both our attachment to the authority of law and our identification with the illicit. Its original contribution is to bring together the cultural fascination of crime with a nuanced account of what it means to watch cinema. The Scene of Violence shows how the spectator is bound by the laws of film to the judgment of the crime-image."--P. [i].
Audiencemaking : how the media create the audience
Street art : in the artists' own words..
New strategies for communication in museums : proceedings of ICOM/CECA '96
The cult TV book
The elements of journalism : what newspeople should know and the public should expect
In the Search of Audience : Ideas and Practises of Audience Development in the Regional Dance Centers in Finland
Inventing the spectator : subjectivity and the theatrical experience in early modern France
Demand for ice hockey : case: Kärpät, Oulu
A vulgar art : a new approach to stand-up comedy
Television is the new television : the unexpected triumph of old media in the digital age
Film : an introduction
Reinventing the museum : the evolving conversation on the paradigm shift
Prologues and epilogues of Restoration theater : gender and comedy, performance and print
Performance theory : reception and audience research
100 things every presenter needs to know about people
American and Chinese-language cinemas : examining cultural flows
Desperately seeking the audience
Visitor studies 1988 : theory, research and practice
The open space : theatre as opportunity for living
Celluloid sisters : women and popular cinema
Macromedia : mission, message, and morality
The philosophy of argument and audience reception
Reinventing the Museum: The Evolving Conversation on the Paradigm Shift offers 44 seminal articles representing the changing perspectives about the role of museums in contemporary times. The book includes iconic pieces from the 20th century and presents the latest thinking of the past decade. The book begins with foundational writings that provide a thorough history of museum thought and theory. With this context established, Anderson presents articles that trace the emerging ideas in 21st-century museum studies on public engagement, frameworks, and leadership. In conjunction with introductory material and recommended additional readings, these articles will help students grasp the leading ideas and the essentials of the dialogue taking place in the museum field.
Actors and onlookers : theater and twentieth-century scientific views of nature
Audiences and the arts : communication perspectives
As of 2012, Twitter has over 100 million active users worldwide, generating close to 230 million Tweets per day. Encouraged by sports shows that incorporate social media as a major component of their programming strategies, sports fans and athletes have proven to be some of the most prolific and adept users of Twitter and other social media platforms. Social media has made it possible for fans to cross the virtual barrier that separates them from the teams they love and the athletes they follow, changing the way fans and athletes interact in the world of sports. In Sports Fans 2.0: How Fans Are Using Social Media to Get Closer to the Game, David M. Sutera explores the increasingly participatory nature of contemporary sports fandom and spectatorship. He examines the ways in which digital media has created and facilitated new channels for sports fan engagement, and how technology has enhanced the fan's perception of participating in America's sports culture. In addition, Sutera shows how high-profile athletes are using social media to increase their fan base and promote their own celebrity status, creating the sense that they are more accessible to their fans. Social media has forever altered the way sports fans and athletes engage with each other. Covering a wide range of sports and social media outlets, Sports Fans 2.0 is an accessible examination of how technology has changed-and will continue to change-the world of sports. Written for general readers and scholars alike, this book will appeal to anyone interested in the effects of social media on popular culture.
Echoes : contemporary art at the age of endless conclusions
Diversité culturelle, distance et apprentissage = Cultural diversity, distance and learning = Diversidad cultural, distancia y apredizaje
Mind models : new forms of musical experience
Sports Fans 2.0 : an introduction
The new museum community : audiences, challenges, benefits : a colletion of essays
Successful presenting in a week
Media : communication and production : advanced textbook ; Helen Wright ... [et al.] ; Tricia Jenkins (toim.)
Audience research review 1995
Audiences of folk dance performances
Museum ideals of purpose and method
Integrating archaeology : science - wish - reality : international conference on the social role, possibilities and perspectives of classical studies : papers held in Frankfurt a. M. on 12 - 14 June 2012
Interactive acting : acting, improvisation, and interacting for audience participatory theatre
Presenting archaeology to the public : digging for truths
"Critics frequently describe the influence of "America," through Hollywood and other cultural industries, as a form of cultural imperialism. This unidirectional model of interaction does not address, however, the counter-flows of Chinese-language films into the American film market or the influence of Chinese filmmakers, film stars, and aesthetics in Hollywood. The aim of this collection is to (re)consider the complex dynamics of transnational cultural flows between American and Chinese-language film industries. The goal is to bring a more historical perspective to the subject, focusing as much on the Hollywood influence on early Shanghai or postwar Hong Kong films as on the intensifying flows between American and Chinese-language cinemas in recent decades. Contributors emphasize the processes of appropriation and reception involved in transnational cultural practices, examining film production, distribution, and reception."-- Provided by publisher.
Working with museums
"When the New Testament was read publicly, what effect did the performances have on the audience? In Delivering from Memory, William Shiell argues that these performances shaped early Christian paideia, among communities of active, engaged listeners. Using Greco-Roman rhetorical conventions, Shiell's groundbreaking study suggests that lectors delivered from memory without memorizing the text verbatim and audiences listened with their memories in a collaborative process with the performer. The text functioned as a starting place for emotion, paraphrase, correction, and instruction. In the process, the performances trained and shaped the character of the reader and the formation of the audience."--P. [4] of cover.
Évaluation et éducation muséale : nouvelles tendances = Evaluation and museum education : new trends = Evaluación y educación museística : nuevas tendencias
Contemporary issues in sports economics: participation and professional team sports
Delivering from memory : the effect of performance on the early Christian audience
Moving viewers : American film and the spectator's experience
Dramatic spaces : scenography and spectatorial perceptions
Television audiences across the world : deconstructing the ratings machine
Community archaeology : themes, methods and practices
Marketing the arts : a fresh approach
Patterns in communication : a guide to speech and critical listening
YLE - a public service for everyone : audience report 1999
The visual experience : an introduction to art
Media, home, and family
Speaking the same language : speech and audience in Thucydides' Spartan debates
Exhibitions in museums
Blues music in the sixties : a story in black and white
Prime-time television : content and control
The making of American audiences : from stage to television, 1750-1990
Developing museum exhibitions for lifelong learning
Management of event operations
Proprietary Audience Development audit for an independent record label: case Top Billin Music
Audience ratings : radio, television, and cable
Audiencing : the work of the spectator in live performance
"A GlassHouse book."
A sense of audience in written communication
Current research in film. Vol. 2, Audiences, economics, and law
Theatre & audience
Kathy Maxwell explores the comments of ancient rhetoricians about their audiences as well as the kind of audience participation they expected & the tools used to encourage such participation, & applies her findings to Luke-Acts. This title examines the role of the 'audience' in interpreting Luke's narrative in "Acts" with reference to ancient rhetorical, Jewish, Pagan and other early Christian writings. The audience, and its varying levels of participation, is a vital element for the communication of a story. The stories of Jesus Christ as told in the gospels, and of the early Church as found in "Acts", rely on the audience members and their participation as do all others. In fact, without audience participation, the narrative fails. Audience-oriented criticism, while named only recently, is an ancient phenomenon as old as story telling itself. Kathy Maxwell explores ancient rhetoricians' comments about 'the audience', as well as the kinds of audience participation they expected and the tools used to encourage such participation. Such tools were employed in ancient pagan, Jewish, and Christian literature - the concern being to engage the audience. Maxwell's conclusions impact not only the way biblical scholars view the rhetorical abilities of the Evangelists, but also the way in which modern readers 'hear' the biblical narrative. The modern audience also bears the responsibility of hearing between the lines, of creating the story with the ancient author.
Museum bodies : the politics and practices of visiting and viewing
Possibilities to approach theatre behaviour from the viewpoint of consumer behaviour
Cognition, emotion, and visual fiction : theory and typology of affective patterns and genres in film and television
Pedagogies of media and information literacies
A future for our past? : An introduction to heritage studies
Innovative marketing communications : strategies for the events industry
Performances and audiences in Pindar's Sicilian victory odes
Developing new concepts for global sales on the basis of global market analysis of PRS/ARS : introducing Dolphin Interactive to the Polish market
Engaging audiences : a cognitive approach to spectating in the theatre
"Contributors investigate the multiple roles of radio in the lives of African listeners across the continent. Some essays turn to the history of radio and its part in culture and politics. Others show how radio throws up new tensions, yet endorses social innovation and the making of new publics. A number of contributors look at radio's current role in creating listening communities that radically shift the nature of the public sphere. Yet others cover radio's central role in the emergence of informed publics in fragile national spaces, or in failed states. The book also highlights radio's links to the new media, its role in resistance to oppressive regimes, and points in several cases to the importance of African languages in building modern communities that embrace both local and global knowledge." --Publisher's description.
Towards participation and creativity : a conceptual model for managing change in arts organizations
Museums: their new audience : a report to the Department of Housing and Urban Development
Basics creative photography. 02, Context and narrative
Politics and the Twitter Revolution: How Tweets Influence the Relationship between Political Leaders and the Public by John H. Parmelee and Shannon L. Bichard is the first comprehensive examination of how Twitter is used politically. Surveys and in-depth interviews with political Twitter users answer several important questions, including: Who follows the political leaders on Twitter, and why? How persuasive are political tweets? Is political Twitter use good for democracy? These and other questions are answered from theoretical perspectives, such as uses and gratifications, word-of-mouth communication, selective exposure, innovation characteristics, and the continuity-discontinuity framework. In addition, content analysis and frame analysis illustrate how political leaders' tweets frame their policies and personalities. The findings in Politics and the Twitter Revolution show Twitter to be surprisingly influential on political discourse. Twitter has caused major changes in how people engage politically. Followers regularly take actions that are requested in leaders' tweets, and, in many cases, leaders' tweets shape followers' political views more than friends and family. Other findings raise concerns. For some, Twitter use contributes to political polarization, and there is frequently a disconnect between what followers expect from leaders on Twitter and what those leaders are giving them.
Social design in museums : the psychology of visitor studies : collected essays. Volume two
The theater experience
Television and its audience
The museum, its history and its tasks in education
Aesthetics and film
A catalyst for change : the social impact of the open museum
Shivers down your spine : cinema, museums, and the immersive view
Rock in the East : Expectations Towards a Finnish Rock Festival in the Russian Context
What to tell a martian about Finnish theatre ; Que dire du theatre finlandais à un martien
"Dramatic Spaces explores the effect of traditional theatrical design on the ways in which drama is understood and interpreted. By marrying theater history with literary analysis, and charting subtle shifts in the role of the audience over time, Jennifer Low shows the rich dimensions that can be overlooked when drama is treated solely as text rather than performance. Elements of semiotics, phenomenology, spatial theory, proxemics, theater history, stage design, theories of visual perception combine with case studies from Moholy Nagy to Plautus and Shakespeare to Albee demonstrate the complex relationships between text and spatiality that play such a huge role in an audience's experience"--
Churches, cathedrals and chapels
Media and messages : strategies and readings in public rhetoric
I swear I was there : Sex Pistols, Manchester and the gig that changed the world
Immediate seating : a look at movie audiences
Events feasibility and development : from strategy to operations
On television
Audience research methodologies : between innovation and consolidation
In broad daylight : movies and spectators after the cinema
Screen play : audiovisual narrative & viewer interaction
The public's use of television : who watches and why
Interpreting Diana : television audiences and the death of a princess
"Events Feasibility and Development: From Strategy to Operations" answers two fundamental questions faced by all events planners and organisers: 'how do I justify this event to the client?' and 'why are we spending money on this event?' With a user-friendly learning structure containing bullet points, questions and exercises and international case studies (Australian Taxation Office, Saudi Arabian events returns, Fuji-Xerox events), "Events Feasibility and Development: From Strategy to Operations" looks at issues such as: The process of creating a feasibility study; Events forecasting models and cost/benefit analysis; Types of events (exhibitions, sports, festivals) and their benefits and returns; Project management tools for measuring return on investment; Presents tools, techniques and arguments for justifying expenditure on event and festivals; Guides the reader through the project management process moulding existing models of cost benefit analysis for the events industry; and, International case study material is used throughout to add practical insight and support theory.
Performer-audience interaction in stand-up comedy : breaches and reintegration as active orientation to the institutional context
Dianying : an account of films and the film audience in China
Oral tradition today : an introduction to the art of storytelling
Television and the viewer interest : explorations in the responsiveness of European broadcasters
Social nature of spectator sports interest
A social history of museums : what the visitors thought
Cinema entertainment : essays on audiences, films and film-makers
1000 songs to change your life
Prescriptive practices in an English-speaking language-oriented online community : a case study of Your Grammar Sucks videos
Media and politics in a globalizing world
Play all : a bingewatcher's notebook
Projecting illusion : film spectatorship and the impression of reality
Event studies : theory, research and policy for planned events
Ratings analysis : theory and practice
Archeology and education : the classroom and beyond
The scene of violence : cinema, crime, affect
As we speak : how to make your point and have it stick
The Finns as users of mass media
Abstract.
Creative arts marketing
Flicker : your brain on movies
The edge of everything : reflections on curatorial practice
Discovering museums : a guide to museums in the United Kingdom for blind and partially sighted people
The psychology of speakers' audiences
The audience
Film & the dream screen : a sleep and a forgetting
Attracting new audiences : attitudes and experiences in attending classical music concerts of students in their twenties
Media studies : texts, production and context
Hollywood spectatorship : changing perceptions of cinema audience
Audiences : a sociological theory of performance and imagination
Attracting new audiences : attitudes and experiences in attending classical music concert of students in their twenties
The last picture show? : Britain's changing fiIm audience
Archaeology, the public and the recent past
Texts and contexts : the Roman writers and their audience
Love to (be) places
Taking part in music : case studies in ethnomusicology
Sport informatics : exploring IT support for spectators at sporting events
Hearing between the lines : the audience as fellow-worker in Luke-Acts and its literary milieu
Joining in : an anthology of audience participation stories & how to tell them
Events and festivals research methods and trends
Understanding media users : from theory to practice
The film and the public
The event marketing handbook : beyond logistics and planning
Politics and the Twitter revolution : how tweets influence the relationship between political leaders and the public
A teacher's handbook to Stonehenge
The reality of illusion : an ecological approach to cognitive film theory
Social design in museums : the psychology of visitor studies : collected essays. Volume one
Reading television
Audience as clicks : Web analytic tools in Finnish online newsrooms
Magic and myth of the movies
Media and audiences : new perspectives
Making archaeology happen : design versus dogma
Reconceptualising the media audience : towards an ethnography of audiences
ORGANISING LARGE EVENTS  : Case: WOMEN’S TEN FUN RUN IN ST.PETERSBURG
Motivation of Crowds' Online Participation in Crowdsourcing Community : A case of XIAOMI MIUI
Attack of the leading ladies : gender, sexuality, and spectatorship in classic horror cinema
The museum and the visually impaired : the report of the Work Group on Facilities for the Visually Impaired
Visiting the visitor : an enquiry into the visitor business in museums
The transparency of spectacle : meditations on the moving image
Satellite television and everyday life : articulating technology
Shakespeare's art of orchestration : art of orchestration : stage technique and audience response
Cruising through the Louvre
Stage fright, animals, and other theatrical problems
The enjoyment of theatre
The film experience : an introduction
Violence and racism in football : politics and cultural conflict in British society, 1968-1998
Withnail and us : cult films and film cults in British cinema
Take a closer look
Shakespearean sensations : experiencing literature in early modern England
