http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4290 mountain ranges
mountain ranges
The girl from Summer Hill
Ecology of western North America
Proceedings of the 10th International Symposium on High Mountain Remote Sensing Cartography held in Kathmandu, Nepal, 8-11 September 2008
Central European Hercynian mountain ranges - Krkono&scaron;e Mts., Hrub&yacute; Jesen&iacute;k Mts. and Vosges, Schwarzwald, Harz - represent the only islands of alpine forest-free area between the Alps and Western Carpathians in the south and the Scandes in the north. Based on data from previously published pollen profiles and on newly taken cores, comparison of the development of the alpine timberline position is presented. The Labsk&yacute; dul profile in the Krkono&scaron;e Mts. spans the whole Holocene, the Keprn&iacute;k profile in the Hrub&yacute; Jesen&iacute;k Mts. brings information from ca 2500 BP to the present. The exceptional position of the Krkono&scaron;e Mts. in terms of permanent presence of alpine forest-free area throughout the Holocene was confirmed. In other mountain ranges, the alpine forest-free areas probably vanished or were restricted only to the exposed peaks during the periods of positive temperature anomalies in the Middle Holocene. Later in the period 4000-500 BP, forest free areas reappeared, although the relative contribution of climatic and anthropogenic causes to their formation remains unclear. Taking into account the supposed extent of temperature oscillations in the Middle and Late Holocene and the existing pollen records the authors assume that the alpine timberline in the Hercynian mid-mountains of Central Europe varied only slightly.
Flight behaviour : a novel
"The first book of a new contemporary romance series set in the mountains of Virginia. Sparks fly as fiery Casey Reddick and brooding Hollywood actor Tate Landers clash in the Virginia summer heat. A chef who puts her career first and her love life second, Casey doesn't see what every girl in town is swooning over. She made up her mind the moment she met Tate--he's gorgeous, but stuck-up, nothing like his ex-brother-in-law, Devlin who's playing the Wickham to Tate's Darcy in local production of Pride & Prejudice. Casey makes the perfect Elizabeth Bennett--how could she be star-struck when she's heard Devlin's damning stories about Tate? As they rehearse together, however, Casey finds herself attracted to Tate--he's much more down-to-earth than she expected and any physical contact between the two of them literally gives her a tingling, electric shock. As opening night draws near, Casey has some difficult decisions to make. Whom should she believe? The seemingly sincere, slighted Devlin or Tate, whose rough, arrogant exterior may only be skin deep. She's come to love that jolt she gets when they touch--but will she get burned?
Flight behavior : a novel
Mountain timberlines : Ecology, patchiness, and dynamics
Abstract.
Vance, a former marine and Yale Law School graduate, provides an account of growing up in a poor Rust Belt town that offers a broader, probing look at the struggles of America's white working class. The decline of this group, a demographic of our country that has been slowly disintegrating over forty years, has been reported on with growing frequency and alarm. J. D. Vance tells the true story of what a social, regional, and class decline feels like when you were born with it hung around your neck. The Vance family story begins hopefully in postwar America. J. D.'s grandparents were "dirt poor and in love," and moved north from Kentucky's Appalachia region to Ohio in the hopes of escaping the dreadful poverty around them. They raised a middle-class family, and eventually their grandchild (the author) would graduate from Yale Law School, a conventional marker of their success in achieving generational upward mobility. But as the family saga of Hillbilly Elegy plays out, we learn that this is only the short, superficial version. Vance's grandparents, aunt, uncle, sister, and, most of all, his mother, struggled profoundly with the demands of their new middle-class life, and were never able to fully escape the legacy of abuse, alcoholism, poverty, and trauma so characteristic of their part of America.
In the shadow of crows
Where four worlds meet : Hindu Kush 1959
The mountains of Greece : a walker's guide
Cold water fisheries in the trans-Himalayan countries
Burning bright
A song for drowned souls
Introduction to high altitude entomology : insect life above the timber-line in the North-West Himalaya
Norwegian mountain algae : an account of the biology, ecology and distribution of the algae and pelagic invertebrates in the region surrounding the mountain crossing of the Bergen railway
The mountains of Montenegro
The High Tatras : Slovakia and Poland including the Western Tatras and White Tatras
Animals of the high mountains
A message from the Tatra : geographical information systems and remote sensing in mountain environmental research
The last American man
Traditional silvicultural management of bamboo as practiced by the Karen people in Hin Lad Nai village, Chiang Rai Province, North Thailand
The Caucasus and its flowers
Proceedings of the 8th International Symposium on High Mountain Remote Sensing Cartography held in La Paz, Bolivia, March 21-27, 2005
Shipton and Tilman : the great decade of Himalayan exploration
Ski mountaineering and snowshoeing
Seasons in the Rockies
Mountain warfare and other lofty problems : foreign perspectives on high-altitude combat
Far cry 3 ; Far cry 4 : double back : Xbox 360
[Abstract].
The sun trail
Cryptogams of the Himalayas : scientific results of the Botanical Expedition to the Himalayas and Adjacent Areas 1986. Vol. 3, Nepal and Pakistan
Sometimes the wolf : a novel
No way down : life and death on K2
Mountaineering in Slovenia : the Julian Alps, the Kamnik-Savinja Alps, the Karavanke
100 hut walks in the Alps
Rockglaciers : indicators for the present and former geoecology in high mountain environments
The abominable snowman : a short story from dragons at crumbling castle
Sign of the moon
The Mont Blanc range : classic snow, ice and mixed climbs
Diversity in mountain systems : studies in Mountain Environments ... on the occasion of the 31st International Geographical Congress, Tunis 2008
Too close to the edge
Rocks around the world
Earth matters
How mountains are made
Trees and wildlife in the Scottish uplands : symposium [held at] Banchory Research Station, 4 and 5 December 1985
Mean streak
Far cry 4 : PlayStation 4
Torres del Paine : trekking in Chile's premier national park and Argentina's Los Glaciares national park
Jilin : tales of Changbai mountain
Kilimanjaro : a trekking guide to Africa's highest mountain
A new species of marsupial frog (Anura: Hylidae: Gastrotheca) from the Cordillera Azul in Peru
Mountain weather and climate
Don't look back
The GR5 trail through the French Alps : Lake Geneva to Nice
Mountain meteorology : fundamentals and applications
Mountains of Asia : a regional inventory
Ascent of Everest
Recreational forest utilization in mountain health resort regions
Roller coasters
Banff, Jasper & Glacier : national parks
The high mountains of Crete
Soil and decomposer responses to grazing exclusion are weak in mountain snow-beds
Mountain walks in the High Tatra : 50 selected walks in the High Tatra
To the top : the story of Everest
Winter mountaineering
The mountains of Japan
Beekeeping : in integrated mountain development: economic and scientific perspectives
Hiking in the Rocky Mountains
Developments in hydrology of mountainous areas : proceedings, Star ́Lesná Conference, 12-16 September 1994 : annual report no 4, friend amhy group
Essays of travel and in the art of writing
A cold and lonely place : a novel
The Sherpa people's observations on climate change in the Solu-Khumbu region in the Highlands of Nepal
Alpine flowers of Britain and Europe
The blue sky : a novel
Birds of prey
Prey
Mountain navigation
Peace by repatriation : concepts, cases, and conditions
Through the Spanish Pyrenees: GR11 : a long distance footpath 'La Senda'
Scottish Highlands : the hillwalking guide : [60 day-walks, includes 86 detailed trail maps] : [planning, places to stay, places to eat]
The folded earth
Far cry 4 : PlayStation 3
Growth and recruitment after mountain forest selective cutting in irregular spruce forest : a case study in northern Norway
Trekking in the Zillertal Alps : hut-to-hut walks
Mountains
Neotropical montane forests : biodiversity and conservation : abstracts from a symposium at the New York Botanical Garden, Juni 21-26, 1993
Alpine plant life : functional plant ecology of high mountain ecosystems
Dead Mountain : the untold true story of the Dyatlov Pass incident
A young Tuvan shepherd witnesses the deterioration of his Mongolian culture as it collides with the modern world, from his older siblings' departure for boarding school, to the death of his beloved grandmother, to the poisoning of his faithful dog.
Cryptogams of the Himalayas : scientific results of the Botanical Expedition to the Himalayas and Adjacent Areas 1988. Vol. 2, Central and Eastern Nepal
The shining
Spirits in the stars
Type studies in Russula 1: on two species described by Kuhner
High priorities : conserving mountain ecosystems and cultures
The vegetation of Georgia (Caucasus)
On the anniversary of the day his best friend, Byrd, had a tragic accident on the mountain which had been the boys' paradise and escape, Wolf Truly reaches for the summit again with the intention of not coming home. But Wolf meets three women in the cable car on the way up from Palm Springs and finds himself agreeing to help them get to a mountain lake. As the weather suddenly deteriorates, the group is stranded on a lethal ridge as the lights of the city twinkle below, so close and yet so terrifyingly far away. Those who will survive the ordeal will do so through a mixture of bravery, determination and self-revelation.
Information on recreation and tourism in spatial planning in the Swedish mountains : methods and need for knowledge
Dreamsnake
The frozen dead
Trees at their upper limit : treelife limitation at the Alpine timberline
Last ragged breath
The wheel of darkness
The nature guide to the Camargue, La Crau and Les Alpilles : France
Summer of the dead
Return to the Alps
Cryptogams of the Himalayas : scientific results of the Botanical Expedition to the Himalayas and Adjacent Areas 1986. Vol. 1, The Kathmandu Valley
World mountaineering
Working Party on the Management of Mountain Watersheds, European Forestry Commission : twenty-third session, Davos, Switzerland, 16-19 September 2002 : final report
Wild and majestic Changbai mountains
The mountain story
Mountain walking and trekking
Mountains of the Gods
Proceedings of the 6th International Symposium on High Mountain Remote Sensing Cartography held in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, September 3-9, 2000 with a post-symposium excursion to Nairobi, Kenya, Mt. Kilimanjaro N. P. Tanzania, September 10-18, 2000
Landscapes ot the Tatra mountains of Poland and Slovakia : a countryside guide
Hillbilly elegy : a memoir of a family and culture in crisis
The Adlerweg : the eagle's way across the Austrian Tyrol
The first battle
Living and non-living in the mountains
Far cry 4 : Xbox One
Holocene timberline fluctuations in the mid-mountains of Central Europe
The mountain traveller's handbook : your companion from city to summit
A model for optimal mycorrhizal colonization along altitudinal gradients
The Canadian Rockies : early travels and explorations
Bull Mountain
Motorcycle journeys through the Alps & beyond : adventures through the Alps, Corsica, and Picos de Europa
Proceedings of the 9th International Symposium on High Mountain Remote Sensing Cartography held in Graz, Austria, 14-15 September, 2006
Nitrogen cycling in a mature mountainous beech forest
Cruel Crossing : escaping Hitler across the Pyrenees
Sometimes the wolf
Landscapes of the Tatra mountains of Poland and Slovakia : a countryside guide
Guide to mountains
Winter's bone : a novel
Climatological extremes in the mountains : physical background, geomorphological and ecological consequences
Human planet : nature's greatest human stories
Mountain biodiversity : a global assessment
Hiking and biking Peru's Inca trails
Nepal trekking and the great Himalaya trail : a route & planning guide
To the last city
A mountain might be thousands of feet high, but it can still grow taller or shorter each year. This classic picture book explores how mountains are made—including how Mount Everest grew from a flat plain under an ocean to become 29,028 feet tall! This book features simple activities and fascinating cross-sections of the earth’s moving crust that clearly explain plate tectonics. Both text and artwork were vetted for accuracy by an expert in the field.
Far cry 4 : Xbox 360
Eric Shipton : Everest and beyond
For whom the bell tolls
