http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4299 architects
architects
William Richard Lethaby : his life and work 1857-1931
Andrea Palladio 1508-1580 : architect between the Renaissance and Baroque
Prefabrication : structures and elements
Architecture : an introduction
Tampere school of architecture 1969-2009
The fountainhead
Secrets of Paris : a novel
Libraries : new concepts in architecture and design
Alvar Aalto : a working bibliography
Interiors now
The other city Carlo Scarpa : the architect's working method as shown by the Brion cemetery in San Vito D'Altivole = Die andere Stadt : die Arbeitsweise des Arkitekten am Beispiel der Grabanlage Brion in San Vito D'Altivole
Nicodemus Tessin the Younger : sources, works, collections : travel notes 1673-77 and 1687-88
Skyscrapers : who built that? : an introduction to skyscrapers and their architects
Hopkins 2 : the work of Michael Hopkins and partners
Young architects second nature
Alvar Aalto. Band II, 1963-1970
Architects from A to Z
Richard Neutra : buildings and projects = réalisations et projets = Bauten und Projekte
The feud that sparked the renaissance : how Brunelleschi and Ghiberti changed the art world
50 architects you should know
The devil in the white city : murder, magic, and madness at the fair that changed America
Entrance examinations 1995-1999 : architecture
Avery Bardot steps off the plane in Rome, looking for a fresh start. She's left behind a soon-to-be ex-husband in Boston and plans to spend the summer with her best friend Daisy, licking her wounds and perhaps a gelato or two. When her American-expat friend throws her a welcome party on her first night, Avery's thrown for a loop when she sees Italian architect Marcello Bianchi - the man who got away. And now her past is colliding with her present, a present where she should be mourning the loss of her marriage and - hey, that fettuccine is delicious! And so is Marcello.
Aldo Rossi : projects and drawings 1962-1979
Le Corbusier : early works
Space framed : Richard Gluckman architect
Gaudi : art and technique : an interactive visit to the Espai Gaudi
Pure plastic new : materials for today's architectureb
Josef Hoffmann : 1870-1956 : in the realm of beauty
Alvar Aalto. Band II : 1963-1970
40 architects under 40 = 40 Architekten unter 40 = 40 architectes de moins de 40 ans
GA Architect. 5, Tadao Ando 2008-2015
Alvar Aalto : the mark of the hand
Pierre Chareau : architect and craftsman 1883-1950
Le Corbusier and the tragic view of architecture
Architecturally speaking : practices of art, architecture, and the everyday
Seinäjoen kirjasto - osa upeaa Aalto-keskusta = Seinäjoki library - a part of the magnificent Aalto Centre = Biblioteka goroda Seinäjoki - tšast velikolepnogo tsentra Alvara Aalto
Thermae Romae. I
Macmillan encyclopedia of architects. Volume 2, Eads to Lewis
Where'd you go, Bernadette
Frank Lloyd Wright : American master
Lives of the artists, lives of the architects
Gaudí : the spirit of Barcelona
Five Mexican architects : [builders in the sun]
Thermae Romae. III
Macmillan encyclopedia of architects. Volume 3, Lhôte to Schlüter
Mario Botta : architectural poetics
Arkkitehtitoimistojen liitto ATL : toimistoluettelo 1997-98 = Association of Finnish Architects' Offices : members 1997-98
Affordable home design : innovations and renovations
Contemporary American architects. Volume 4
ATL Arkkitehtitoimistot : 2013-2014 : jäsenet = members = ATL Architects' offices
ATL arkkitehtitoimistot 2005 - 2006 = ATL architect's offices 2005 - 2006 : jäsenet = members
Punch up!. Volume 4
Bed of roses
The architect's apprentice
Let there be light: The luminous modernism of Richard Meier ever since his self-proclamation as part of the New York Five, Richard Meier has risen through one top commission after another to the dizzy heights of architectural stardom. From Madison Square Garden to Shenzen, China, his sleek, luminously white modernism has created some of the most high-profile, and distinctive, buildings of the 20th and 21st centuries.Meier s portfolio is as varied as it is illustrious. He has worked with Roman treasures (the Ara Pacis Museum), seaside resorts (Jesolo Lido Village), civic centers (San Jose City Hall), and private clients in the Hamptons. On each project, Meier s hallmarks are careful grid plans, and expansive use of white surfacing and glass. The buildings are as much beacons of brilliance from the exterior as they are temples to clarity and purpose inside.This introductory book traces Meier s complete career to explore the making of a cult architect. With abundant images, we take in all his most famous projects, such as the Getty Center in Los Angeles, as well as his most recent works such as the OCT Shenzhen Clubhouse in Shenzhen, China and the Burda Collection Museum in Baden-Baden, Germany.
Architecture : man in possession of his earth : Frank Lloyd Wright : biography
Antoni Gaudi 1852-1926 ; from nature to architecture
Three revolutionary architects: Boullée, Ledoux, and Lequeu
Urban space and social welfare : Otto-Iivari Meurman as a planner of Finnish towns 1914-1937
The girl before : a novel
New Architecture. 3 : Japan at the cutting edge / Editor-in-Chief: Andreas Papadakis
Viljo Revell : works and projects = Bauten und Brojekte
Tadasu Ohe, Plantec Architects : protocols of architecture
Contemporary architects
Eero Saarinen : shaping the future
Bridges : who built that? : an introduction to ten great bridges and their designers
Macmillan encyclopedia of architects. Volume 4, Schmidt to Zwirner
Great thinkers
The Flatiron : the New York landmark and the incomparable city that arose with it
Frank Lloyd Wright
ATL arkkitehtitoimistot 2013-2014 : jäsenet = ATL architects' offices 2013-2014 ; members
Fresh : [the irresistible appeal of Gert Wingårdh's architecture
Dara's clever trap : a story from Cambodia
Arkkitehti = Arkitekten = Finnish architectural review. 6 B, [Kiasma]
Architecture now!
Architects - Alvar Aalto
ATL arkkitehtitoimistot 2009-2010 = ATL architect's offices 2009-2010 : jäsenet = members
Letters to architects
Lake country
The sex of architecture
Architects today
100 contemporary houses = 100 maisons contemporaines = 100 zeitgenössische Häuser
Alvar Aalto : What & When
Architecture / Astrology
Mackintosh's masterwork : the Glasgow School of Art
Eero Saarinen on his work : a selection of buildings dating from 1947 to 1964
In the night of time
100 years of architecture
Gropius : an illustrated biography of the creator of the Bauhaus
Suur-Merijoen kartano : jugendin helmi = The Suur-Merijoki manor : the jewel of finnish art nouveu
The Buildings of England. 10, Cambridgeshire
Marcel Breuer 1902-1981 : form giver of the twentieth century
Santiago Calatrava : 1951, architect, engineer, artist
Michelangelo, like Leonardo, was a man of many talents; sculptor, architect, painter and poet, he made the apotheosis of muscular movement, which to him was the physical manifestation of passion. He moulded his draughtsmanship, bent it, twisted it, and stretched it to the extreme limits of possibility. There are not any landscapes in Michelangelo's painting. All the emotions, all the passions, all the thoughts of humanity were personified in his eyes in the naked bodies of men and women. He rarely conceived his human forms in attitudes of immobility or repose. Michelangelo became a painter so that he could express in a more malleable material what his titanesque soul felt, what his sculptor's imagination saw, but what sculpture refused him. Thus this admirable sculptor became the creator, at the Vatican, of the most lyrical and epic decoration ever seen: the Sistine Chapel. The profusion of his invention is spread over this vast area of over 900 square metres. There are 343 principal figures of prodigious variety of expression, many of colossal size, and in addition a great number of subsidiary ones introduced for decorative effect. The creator of this vast scheme was only thirty-four when he began his work. Michelangelo compels us to enlarge our conception of what is beautiful. To the Greeks it was physical perfection; but Michelangelo cared little for physical beauty, except in a few instances, such as his painting of Adam on the Sistine ceiling, and his sculptures of the Pieta. Though a master of anatomy and of the laws of composition, he dared to disregard both if it were necessary to express his concept: to exaggerate the muscles of his figures, and even put them in positions the human body could not naturally assume. In his later painting, The Last Judgment on the end wall of the Sistine, he poured out his soul like a torrent. Michelangelo was the first to make the human form express a variety of emotions. In his hands emotion became an instrument upon which he played, extracting themes and harmonies of infinite variety. His figures carry our imagination far beyond the personal meaning of the names attached to them.
Alvar Aalto. [Band 1], [1922-1962]
Otto Wagner 1841-1918 : the expanding city, the beginning of modern architecture
Punch up! Volume 2
Design management for architects
ATL Arkkitehtitoimistot 2013-2014 : jäsenet = ATL Architects' Offices 2013-2014 : members
Arkkitehtitoimistojen liitto ATL : toimistoluettelo 2013-2014 : members 2013-2014 = Association of Finnish Architects' offices = Arkitektbyråernas förbund
Le Corbusier : architect of a New Age
The fountainheadache : the politics of architect-client relations
New Japan architecture : Recent works by world's leading architects
The restoration of Otto Laird
Alvar Aalto. Band 2, 1963-1970
My soul to take
"A psychological thriller that spins one woman's seemingly good fortune, and another woman's mysterious fate, through a kaleidoscope of duplicity, death, and deception"--
Richard Meier & partners: white is the light
Thermae Romae. II
Sustainable homes
Richard Meier, architect : 1964/1984
Therapeutic landscapes : an evidence-based approach to designing healing gardens and restorative outdoor spaces
Architects' sketches : dialogue and design
Greta Magnusson Grossman : a car and some shorts : one architect's journey from Sweden to Southern California
Punch up! Volume 3
Young European Architects
A biographical dictionary of British architects 1600-1840
Mr Mac and me
Rem Koolhaas : a kind of architect
Service Design for Architect Clients: Turning Architect Daily Challenges  Into a New Service
Norman Foster : selected and current works of Foster and partners
Madison Square tragedy : the murder of Stanford White
Architecture on the carpet : the curious tale of construction toys and the genesis of modern building
More colourful, more joyful, more sophisticated
The melody lingers on : a novel
ATL arkkitehtitoimistot 2011-2012 = ATL architect's offices 2011-2012 : jäsenet = members
Edwin Lutyens
Roberto : the insect architect
The Stockholm Town Hall
Design through digital interaction : computing communications and collaboration on design
Contemporary European architects vol. IV
Alvar Aalto researchers' network
Finnish-American architecture and architects in Northern and Eastern parts of the United States of America 1850-1950 : from rural tradition to urban ideal
Santiago Calatrava 1951 : architect, engineer, artist
Crown of acorns
House of thieves
Architecture depends
ATL arkkitehtitoimistot 2015-2016 : jäsenet = ATL architects' offices 2015-2016 ; members
