http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4295 role-playing games
role-playing games
Star wars : Age of rebellion : onslaught at Arda I
The boy king
Fire, fusion, & steel : technical architecture
Chivalry & Sorcery
Pathfinder : campaign setting : Inner sea gods
Legend of the five rings : game master's guide
Lord of the rings adventure game
Advanced dungeons & dragons. The complete fighter's handbook
Space 1889 : [science-fiction role playing in a more civilized time]
Star wars : roleplaying game
Pagan shore : [Ireland in the age of King Arthur]
Monster manual : [Dungeons & Dragons]
Fading suns : science fiction roleplaying
Gurps discworld also : return to the turtle
Star vikings : personalities of the reformation coalition
Dragon age : the stolen throne
Gurps Conan : [the world of Robert E. Howard's barbarian hero]
Hunter : the reckoning : a storytelling game of righteous fury
Palladium : fantasy role-playing game
Dungeons & Dragons : [5th ed.] Dungeon master's guide
Strike force Viper : gamma version
The Dresden files roleplaying game. Volume one : Your story
Tales from Wilderland : seven heroic adventures set in the twilight of the third age
The Forgotten Realms atlas
The spectre king : [heroic adventures in legendary Britain]
Advanced dungeons & dragons. Monstrous manual
The heart of the wild
Murder in the mystery suite
Advanced dungeons & dragons. City of gold : an AD&D game Maztica supplement
Out of time
The Deryni adventure game
Realm of chaos
Basic roleplaying : Rome : the life and death of the republic
Dorastor : land of doom
Fantasy Hero
Star Wreck : roleplaying game
Learning professionals are finding success applying game-based sensibilities to the development of instruction. This is the first book to show how to design online instruction that leverages the best elements of online games to increase learning, retention, and application. It explains how to match different game strategies to types of learning content for the right learning outcome and discusses how gamification techniques can be used in a variety of settings to improve learning, retention and application of knowledge. Supported by peer-reviewed studies and examples from corporations who have adopted game-based learning successfully, the book illustrates how combining instructional design thinking with game concepts can create engaged and interactive learning experiences across a variety of media, from online to face-to-face.
Conan : Shem : gateway to the south
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
GURPS lite : an introduction to roleplaying
DestinyQuest. Book 3 : The eye of winter's fury
Sons of Kargzant : the bloody saga of the Char-Un warlords of Erigia's savage steppe
Dawn of the Emperors. Book 1, The dungeon master's guide
The world of darkness : storytelling system rulebook
The house of R'lyeh : five scenarios based on tales by H. P. Lovecraft
Warhammer armies : Orcs & Goblins
Chivalry & Sorcery : game master's handbook
The compendium of weapons, armour & castles
Land of Og : [the role playing game]
Systemic perspectives on information in physically performed role-play
Trolls : a guide to the uz
River of cradles : lands and peoples of New Pavis and the Zola Fel Valley
Gurps cyberpunk : high-tech low-life roleplaying
Numenera : player's guide
Lord of the rings adventure game. [1], "Darker than the darkness"
Roleplaying game genres
Gurps discworld : adventures on the back of the turtle
Land of giants : [Scandinavia and the Beowulf saga in the time of King Arthur]
HeroQuest : roleplaying in Glorantha
Blood on the snow : a DramaSystem companion
Legend of the five rings : roleplaying game
Warhammer armies : the empire
Amazing engine : universe book : for faerie, queen, & country
Battletech compendium : the rules of warfare
The Bygone Bestiary
People of Pembrooktonshire
The sky : the art of Final fantasy VII-X. 1997-2001
Traveller : the new era : science fiction roleplaying game
Warhammer armies : High Elves
Dark Heresy : roleplaying game
Terraria : exploration and adventure handbook
Last flight
Medieval handbook : aetas Europa : [a guide to the realms of medieval Europe for Ars Magica, 3rd edition]
Rolemaster : the basics
Conan : faith and fervour
Gurps celtic myth
Star wars : Force and destiny roleplaying game, core rulebook
Warhammer : the game of fantasy battles
Fifth age : dramatic adventure game
A world of darkness : mummy
After two hundred years of exile, King Maric has allowed the legendary Grey Wardens to finally return to Ferelden. When they come home, however, they bring dire news: one of their own has escaped into the Deep Roads and aligned himself with their ancient enemy, the monstrous darkspawn.  The Grey Wardens need Maric's help, and he reluctantly agrees to lead them into the passages he traveled through many years before, chasing after a deadly secret that will threaten to destroy not only the Grey Wardens but also the kingdom above.
Mouse guard roleplaying game : second edition
Prince Valiant : the storytelling game
Rolemaster : The complete fantasy role playing game system in one box
Hillfolk : a game of iron age drama
Warhammer : Bretonnia : A Warhammer armies supplement
Gurps who's who. 1, 52 of history's most intriguing characters
Construction of a playspace : autoethnographical inquiry to temporal and spatial frames of the play experience of World of Warcraft
Whose side are you AgentX : created by Rob Stone ; [written by Rob Stone and Sean Tisdale]
Blood and lust : [heroic adventure in King Arthur's Britain]
Shadow knight
Designing an educational role-playing game for five to six year-olds
World of warcraft : chronicle. Volume 1
Advanced dungeons & dragons. The magister : a sourcebook for The Forgotten realms
Star wars : the roleplaying game
Dungeons & dragons: unearthed arcana
Brilliant lances : traveller starship combat
Dungeons & dragons for dummies
Only war : core rulebook : roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
Advanced dungeons & dragons. Tome of magic
Corps technnology
Real-time hermeneutics : meaning-making in ludonarrative digital games
Delta Force : America strikes back!
World war Cthulhu : the darkest hour
Imperial lunar handbook. Volume 1 : the Lunar empire
Iron kingdoms : full metal fantasy roleplaying game : core rules
A world of darkness : the promised land
RuneQuest legendary heroes
The sky : the art of Final fantasy I-III. 1987-1990
Lessons learned using theory of mind methods to investigate user social awareness in virtual role-play
Little wizards : an Antoine Bauza game
Warhammer rogue 40000 trader
The way of the lion
Mechvarrior : the Battletech role playing game
Advanced dungeons & dragons. Campaign sourcebook and Catacomb guide
Forgotten realms : official game accessory : Adventures : an updated tour of the heartlands for the AD&D 2nd edition game
Authentic thaumaturgy
HARP : high adventure roleplaying
Diablo III : book Of Tyrael
Achtung! Cthulhu : keeper's guide to the secret war
GURPS Vampire : the masquerade
The gamification of learning and instruction : game-based methods and strategies for training and education
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
Hero wars : a roleplaying game set in the fantasy world of Glorantha
Expendables : a complete role-playing system
Puppetland RPG
The stolen throne
Dawn of the Emperors. Book 3, The players' guide to Alphatia
On the edge of the magic circle : understanding role-playing and pervasive games
The one ring : adventures over the edge of the wild : fantasy roleplaying in the world of The hobbit and The lord of the rings
Dungeons & Dragons: book of exalted deeds
Call of Cthulhu : horror roleplaying in the worlds of H. P. Lovecraft
Changeling : the dreaming : a storytelling game of modern fantasy
Advanced dungeons & dragons : worlds of adventure : player's handbook : for the AD&D game
This book documents and celebrates the Nordic tradition of live action role-playing games, a powerful and unique form of expression that has emerged and developed during the last fifteen years.
Dungeon crawl classics : role playing game. glory & gold won by sorcery & sword
Chivalry & Sorcery : beastiary
Beyond the wall : [Pictland and The North in the age of King Arthur]
Online and face-to-face role-play simulations in promoting social work students  argumentative problem-solving
Torchbearer : basic rule book for levels 1-5
Dragon age : dark fantasy roleplaying. Set 1 : for characters level 1 to 5
Lord of the rings adventure game. [2], "Over the misty mountains cold"
Informal roles within eSport teams : a content analysis of the game 'Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
White wolf magazine
Pavis : gateway to adventure
Night's watch : a sourcebook for A song of ice and fire : campaign guide : a Games of Thrones edition
The calling
GURPS : basic set
The limits of fantasy : a comparative study of the representations of gender, ethnicity and class in the console fantasy role-playing games Lost Odyssey and Final Fantasy XIII
Feng Shui : action movie roleplaying
Tales from the Floating Vagabond
Wilderness encounters. Volume 1
The tome of mighty magic
Corps : [Complete Omniversal Role-Playing System]
Warhammer : Orcs & goblins : A Warhammer armies supplement
Exalted : the tomb of 5 corners
Only war : final testament : roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
Horror hero : endless nightmares
Ars magica : the storytelling game of mythic magic = The art of magic
Conan : Aquilonia : flower of the west
Murphy's rules
Nine worlds : a game of cosmic drama
Against the giants
RuneQuest : fantasy roleplaying adventure game
Amber diceless role-playing : diceless role-playing system
Achtung! Cthulhu : investigator's guide to the secret war
Conan : Argos and Zingara
.hack : legend of the twilight. 3
Knight of the Living Dead
Pathfinder : roleplaying game. Mythic adventures
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
The Palladium role-playing game
Star wars : the edge of the empire : roleplaying game : core rulebook
Savage mountains
Dungeons & Dragons. Monster manual
Metal, magic and lore
The sky : the art of Final fantasy IV-VI. 1991-1994
Shadowrun : core rulebook
Monster Island : an adventure setting for RuneQuest 6th edition
Glorantha : introduction to the hero wars
13th age : a fantasy roleplaying game
Karameikos : kingdom of adventure
The masked empire
Dawn of the Emperors. Book 2, The players' guide to Thyatis
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Chicago arcology : a campaign sourcebook for Cyperspace
Defining Role-Playing Games as Language-Games
Combat : the big book of beating ass
HeroQuest : Glorantha
Over the edge : psychosurreal roleplaying
Ultima thule : mythic scandinavia : for use with Ars Magica, fourth edition
The Secret of Zir'An : core gamebook
Scarred lands campaign setting : Ghelspad
