http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4301 song festivals
song festivals
Food, wine & song : music and feasting in renaissance Europe
Kaustinen folk music festival
The power of song : nonviolent national culture in the Baltic singing revolution
Holy heathens and the old green man
The 21st National Song Festival and the 14th National Dance Festival of Estonia
Royal welcome songs. Part II
The Complete traditional wedding album for organ, keyboard and voice
Odes for St. Cecilia's day : music for Queen Mary
A musical calendar of festivals : folk songs of feast-days and holidays from around the world
Oral traditional literature : a festschrift for Albert Bates Lord
Performing wisdom : proverbial lore in modern Ugandan society
Performing nostalgia : migration culture and creativity in South Albania
Fifteen songs and airs : set 2
Sing solo sacred : 40 favourite songs and arias : for low voice and organ or piano
Taking part in music : case studies in ethnomusicology
English summaries.
Everyday adventures, problems, magical journeys, animal philosophers and joyful anarchy : Finnish children's books published in 2012-2013
The Musicians' gig library : Music for all occasions : Wedding & special events
Grenada : Creole and Yoruba voices
Estonian Song Festivals
Gustav Ernesaks : People's Artist of the USSR
Folklore in America : tales, songs, superstitions, proverbs, riddles, games, folk drama and folk festivals
Studies in folklore : in honor of Distinguished Service Professor Stith Thompson
Musica viva! : Matti Vainion juhlakirja : Festschrift for Matti Vainio
Sing solo sacred : 40 favourite songs and arias for low voice and organ or piano
Music for a royal wedding
By land and by sea : studies in the folklore of work and leisure honoring Horace P. Beck on his sixty-fifth birthday
Music and singing galore
Folk groups and folklore genres : a reader
Suddenly one summer : a sociological portrait of the Joensuu Festival
Laulu Karjalasta : Heikki Sarmannon sävellys Harry Martinsonin Aniarasta. Harry Martinson's poem from Aniara set to music by Heikki Sarmanto = Song of Karelia
The 12 days of Christmas in New York
State songs : anthems and their origins
Jewish holiday songs for children : with dances and games for all seasons
Finnish folklore
Bohag Bihu of Assam and Bihu songs
This is the third collection produced by members of a six-year research project, funded by the NUFU (Norwegian Programme for Development, Research, and Education), whose concern was to find, preserve, and analyse orature, spoken forms of all kinds, both their unique qualities and their equivalence in importance to literature. A major focus was the ways in which forms of orature can be made relevant to the demands of rapidly developing nations faced with insistent problems (HIV/AIDS, administrative needs, shifts in social and familial structure, the changing roles of women). Both innovative and archival, the essays explore older legends and modern performances to outline their positive and dynamic contribution to a protean society. Some contributors address the ways in which traditional forms may be adapted: e.g., via new media to combat the HIV/AIDS pandemic and to educate children in social and individual responsibility. Traditional narratives and children's songs can function to counter cannibalism and child sacrifice. Less dark aspects of contemporary society also receive attention. Traditional patterns of leadership are adapted to today's conditions, especially by offering women models in the form of earlier figures and their actions. Two essays analyse the use of proverbs in the speeches of political candidates and discussing traditional music festivals as celebrations of traditional kingship and rule. Others examine the nature and operation of specific forms of orature; riddles and their subtle alteration according to performer and audience; concepts of heroism; stories of origin; and variants of Little Red Riding Hood. These sensitive analyses are framed by pieces from members of the research project in Norway and Uganda.
The coronation of King George II, 1727 : Handel's coronation anthems and ceremonial music by Purcell, Blow, Tallis, Gibbons, Farmer and Child, trumpet fanfares, drum processions, shouts of acclamation and pealing bells
"To work, to life or to death" : studies in working class lore
Hidden rituals and public performances : traditions and belonging among the post-Soviet Khanty, Komi and Udmurts
The art of making do in Naples
Planning the music for your wedding
"The Art of Making Do in Naples offers a riveting ethnography of the lives of men seeking personal sovereignty in a shadow economy dominated by violent organized crime networks. Jason Pine's trenchant observations and his own improvised attempts at "making do" provide a fascinating look into the lives of people in the gray zones where organized crime blends into ordinary life"--
