http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4305 exhaust gases
exhaust gases
Bosch technical instruction. Mmotronic : Combined ignition and fuel-injection system with lambda closed-loop control
Performance and exhaust emissions of a tractor engine using mustard seed oil as fuel
Effect of the exhaust gas side fouling on the performance of a plate and shell type heat exchanger
European green cars initiative : towards an electric future?
Automotive fuel and emissions control systems
Diesel exhaust emissions control 2002 : SCR, HC, DeNOx and measurement
A compact Dual Water hybrid scrubber is an optimized solution for removing sulphur emissions from ship's exhaust gases, which is dimensioned according to installation specific features along with more operational environment related design parameters. Ongoing Dual Water hybrid scrubber projects are focusing on Cruise ship segment and the studied and designed solutions are highly customer tailored and customer specific. The objective of this study was to analyze design parameters, their influence to dimensioning and their functionality to the scrubber dimensioning and efficiency. Furthermore, the aim was to generate design parameter values for merchant fleet, possibly enabling more efficient design for a Hybrid scrubber with standardized design setpoint. Design parameters have a great effect on scrubber unit's size and the total system's efficiency. Open loop stage is the most energy consuming as large sea water volumes are pumped high up to the scrubber unit.Therefore, when optimizing the sea water flow the most efficient system operation could be achieved. The material for this thesis work has been obtained by an extensive literature research. The focus has been on merchant fleet but the results are also valid for other ship types. The results have been tested in a case study by the process simulation calculations from real ship projects with Wärtsilä's 2-stroke engines. The variation in values of the design parameters, such as in heavy fuel oil quality, in fuel oil consumption, in exhaust gas flow, in sea water temperature and alkalinity questions the possibility to standardize the design setpoint and the performance of the Dual Water hybrid scrubbers. However, with optimized design parameters for Open loop scrubbing, the needed sulphur content reductions could be achieved with the sea water flow of 30 l/kWh, which is 15 l/kWh less than the quantity used at present with the Dual Water hybrid scrubbers and the Open loop scrubbers.In order to achieve a more economical scrubber operation, the sea water pumping should be executed so that the pumping capacities follow the scrubber load.
Dispersion, deposition and effects of road traffic-related pollutants on roadside ecosystem
Air pollution and ship emissions
Utilizing similarity information in industrial applications
Tuning Accel/DFI 6.0 programmable fuel injection : understanding electronic engine management, fuel injector dynamics, using CalMap software, tuning tips for race, street, marine, and off-road, covers GM, Ford, Mopar, & Honda
On exhaust emissions from petrol-fuelled passenger cars at low ambient temperatures
Comparison of the effects of various fuel additives on the diesel engine emissions
Particulate and gaseous emissions from large-scale medium speed diesel engines
Abstract.
Emissions in storage and transportation
Factors influencing emissions and emissions formation processes
Auto emissions 2000 : "stage 2000" of the European regulations on air polluting emissions of motor vehicles : proceedings of the symposium, Brussels, 21.-22.9.1992
Fine particles in urban air : exposure and cardiovascular health effects
Catalysts for car exhaust : oxygen storage in platinum/ceria and mass transfer in monoliths
Particle filter retrofit for all Diesel engines
Non-thermal plasma for exhaust emission control: NOx, HC, and particulates
Installation of closed loop fresh water wet scrubber system on M/S Gabriella
The winter test of John Deere tractors with final tier 4 technology = [John Deere traktorien talvitesti final tier 4 teknologialla]
Emission control of two off-road diesel engines using EGR and DPF methods
Policies related to emissions from shipping and their assessment in the Baltic Sea area
Assessment of the lung deposition of diesel and CNG particulates
Emissions and air quality
Classification of SOx Scrubber for Ships
A practical guide to exhaust gas cleaning systems for the maritime industry : EGCDA handbook 2012
Exhaust gas back pressure in marine diesels
Fuel effects on emissions from modern gasoline vehicles part 2 - aromatics, olefins and volatility effects
NOx adsorber catalysts with improved desulfation properties and enchanced low-temperature activity
Reduced emissions and fuel consumption in automobile engines
SAE 2002 transactions. Section 4, Journal of fuels and lubricants
How to build & modify intake & exhaust systems
NOx adsorber catalyst technology has been successfully applied on diesel vehicles to enable them to satisfy stringent NOx emission regulations. One limitation of this technology is the requirement to regularly desulfate the adsorber to maintain high NOx conversion efficiency. In addition to adding significant engine and calibration complexity, these high temperature desulfation events accelerate the thermal degradation of the exhaust system components. Minimization of the severity and the frequency of the desulfation events is highly desirable. Laboratory studies to understand desulfation processes and to identify improved NOx Adsorber washcoat compositions are described. These studies led to a new generation of NOx adsorber catalysts with reduced desulfation temperatures, faster desulfation rates and enhanced low-temperature activity. The new generation of catalysts also enabled the potential for PGM thrifting, especially for applications with low engine- out NOx emissions. These PGM thrifted catalysts demonstrated excellent performance after exposure to long-term sulfation/desulfation/thermal aging cycles.
Vapour recovery during loading of gasoline in the oil harbour of Gothenburg
Shore facilities
Diesel emissions and their control
Combustion & emission control for SI engines : modeling and experimental studies
Subzero Engineering Conditions Conference proceedings, [Rovaniemi, Finland, 9-11 January, 1989]
Status and outlook for biofuels, other alternative fuels and new vehicles
The effects of SO2 and SO3 poisoning on Cu/Zeolite SCR catalysts
In-cylinder diesel particulate and NOx control 1999.
Exhaust emissions from combustion machinery
Exhaust emissions from merchant shipping in the southwest archipelago
EGR rsponse in a turbo-charged and after-cooled DI diesel engine and its effects on smoke opacity
Development of carbon dioxide emissions from road traffic : report of the working group for carbon dioxide emissions from road traffic
AdBlue and selective catalytic reduction (SCR) new technical generation for clean exhaust gas solution
Design of an insultating box for the exhaust system of the Wärtsilä 34SG engine
Green ships - eco shipping - clean seas : the 12th Annual General Assembly, International Association of Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland, 12-14 June 2011
Emissions-control technology for gasoline engines
Cost aspects : Finland Sköldvik (Porvoo)
Safety considerations in marine vapour recovery systems
Topics in environmental and safety aspects of combustion technology
Development of catalysts for exhaust after-treatment of natural gas powered vehicles and biofuel combustion
Poisoning of automotive exhaust gas catalyst components : the role of phosphorus in the poisoning phenomena
Hybrid scrubber test plan
On the possibilities to increase power output and reduce exhaust emissions of a spark-assisted direct-injection ethanol engine
Fundamentals of air pollution engineering
Gasoline Fuel-injection system L-Jetronic
Modal measurements of some important NMOG species by FT-IR spectroscopy
A CONCAWE study of the cost-effectiveness of marine gasoline vapour recovery
Automobile exhaust emission testing : measurement of regulated and unregulated exhaust gas components, exhaust emission tests
Particle size distribution in the exhaust of diesel and gasoline engines
The effects of sulfur poisoning and desulfation temperature on the NOx conversion of LNT+SCR systems for diesel applications
Automotive fuel and emissions control systems / James D. Halderman, Jim Linder
Airway effects of diesel exhaust in healthy and asthmatic subjects
Critical topics in exhaust gas aftertreatment
Topics in general emissions
Emissions in 2-stroke and small 4-stroke engines
Gasoline fuel-injection system mono-jetronic
Present and future automotive fuels
Aviation and climate change : lessons for European policy
Efficient dual water hybrid scrubber design parameters : for merchant ships
The Haynes emissions control manual
This thesis was commissioned by Wärtsilä Finland Oy. The purpose of this study was to develop and design an appropriate training simulator for Wärtsilä's exhaust gas cleaning scrubber. The simulator would be used in customer and internal personnel training and for familiarization purposes within Wärtsilä's own training center, Wärtsilä Land and Sea Academy situated in Turku, Finland. Wärtsilä's closed loop fresh water scrubber works as a scrubber model for the simulator. The work included familiarization to the topic and to simulation tools, simulation mode selection, BOM preparation as well as scheduling and budgeting the simulator project. Firstly this study deals with fresh water scrubber operation and its automation. After that the work introduces SOx-scrubbing and SOx-limits as a platform for deeper understanding of the scrubbing operation. This is followed by an introduction to the different simulation methods, comparing them to each other as well as a short discussion of the training simulator models present in WLSA and the suitability of their working principle to this project. Finally, the necessary component list, workload and schedule for the simulator project were prepared and calculations for the payback period of the simulator were executed. A simulator model with a real scrubber automation program was selected as the correct simulator model. The field device operations should be fully simulated with Matlab's simulation tool Simulink. As for communication methods Industrial Ethernet, CAN bus and DDE were chosen. The simulator component price estimation was € 7050. The Price estimation was gathered from earlier projects and from the component lists of local suppliers.
Pricing of traffic noise and exhaust gases in road planning
The impairment of lung function caused by environmental exposure to pollutants and toxicants is a rising health problem, particularly in highly industrialized parts of the world. The problem is urgently calling for the development of new methodologies to assess both the level of elemental exposure and the effects for quality of health and longevity. This volume provides state-of-the-art information about the recent advances in occupational and non-occupational pollutant-related disorders of the respiratory tract, and the assessment of a threat they pose for the health-span. Heavy traffic-related air pollution, unnoticeable but salient health detriment, is dealt with at length.
Exhaust gas boiler fouling and soot removal investigation in HFO diesel engine plants
Handbook of diesel engines
Planning of a training cell for Wärtsilä NOx Reducer = [Wärtsilä NOx Reduce -koulutussolun suunnittelu]
Zeolite catalysts in the reduction of NO[sub x] in lean automotive exhaust gas conditions : behaviour of catalysts in activity, DRIFT and TPD studies
Pd/Al2O3 -based automotive exhaust gas catalysts : the effect of BaO and OSC material on NO[subx] reduction
Classification societies' view point
Fish consumption : human health effects and decision making
Status of discussion at the International Maritime Organization (IMO) on volatile organic compounds
Diesel nitrogen oxide emissions : landmark research 1995-2001
Emissions technologies
The International Maritime Organization IMO, adopted the Annex VI, Prevention of Air Pollution from Ships in October 2008. The changes for allowable emissions are based on MARPOL 73/78 Convention, and one of the SOx limits will come in to force at the beginning of year 2015. One of the possibilities to reduce sulfur emissions is an exhaust gas scrubber. In this thesis the possibilities to use plastic pipes in exhaust gas scrubbers was researched. The issue was an interest of Wärtsilä, whose intention is to make the installation and operation of scrubbers as easy, fast and economically effective as possible for ship owners. The major reason for seeking alternative pipe materials is the sensitivity for steel pipes to have problems due the corrosion. The installation time of the piping should be short in vessels which are already in operation, which is creating timetable pressures and therefore there is a need for find materials which can be installed as fast as possible. The ship as industrial environment differs from normal industrial factory in terms of the demands of rules and regulations. The regulations are originally based on international organization IMOŽs regulations, which are dispensed by classification societies. In this thesis suitable plastic pipe materials for sulfur scrubbers were researched. Special attention was given to finding out how the materials fulfill the regulations, and how the regulations are limiting the choice of pipes. During the thesis work several interesting facts were found, as well as suitable and not allowed materials. Information was available extensively, because several projects were ongoing with different shipyards and different ship owners. The goal of the thesis was reached, suitable plastic pipes and also many alternative materials were found in case that plastic pipe was not available for needed dimension and pipeline properties.The goal of the thesis was reached, suitable plastic pipes and also many alternative materials were found in case that plastic pipe was not available for needed dimension and pipeline properties. Long experience helped the thesis writing and finding information and suitable persons, but it made also some personally simple issues difficult to explain.
Comparison of control techniques
Closed-loop exhaust gas scrubber onboard a merchant ship : technical, economical, environmental and operational viewpoints
Diesel Emissions on CD-ROM from the SAE 2004 World Congress
The purpose of this thesis was to monitor the winter test of John Deere tractors. The number of tractors in the test was three, two of which were operating at the same time. The purpose of the winter test was to monitor the operation of tractors in cold and snowy conditions, as well as tasks that can not be executed in Central Europe. The test examined the entire operation of the tractor, but the main focus was on the new engine technology. The goal was to conduct the test without great difficulties and produce as much feedback as possible, as well as suggestions for improvement to the factory. The idea was also to provide technical support to the customer or the service in order to keep the tractors at work for as many hours as possible. The test operators were guided to give as much feedback as possible such as improvement suggestions or defects in tractors. The theoretical part deals with the reduction of emissions in diesel engines. The thesis also presents a technology that was selected for the John Deere engines to meet the new emission standards. The test result was a variety of failures and problems, as well as reports and solutions. John Deere require typical engine load profiles in applications that can be executed in Finland, which for example due to the circumstances, cannot be executed in Central Europe. Applications were monitored for engine activity such as potential heating problems, passive regeneration efficiency and exhaust gas temperature management system. This study evaluated the risks which the tasks may cause to the machine. The most important point to monitor was the engine operation in cold starts. The load profiles and engine activity tracking was contucted by measuring the ECU values. The measurement was performed by a laptop, which was connected to the tractor bus. The computer had a program for measuring the ECU, called DevX.
Elimination of engine generated nanoparticles : problems and solutions
Survey of modern power plants driven by diesel and gas engines
Simultaneous measurements of gaseous emissions, particulates and noise from individual vehicles in traffic
Man and his ecosystem : proceedings of the 8th World Clean Air Congresss 1989 held at The Hague 11-15 September 1989
Valuation of impacts of road traffic emissions : summary
International seminar on application of powertrain and fuel technologies to meet emissions standards, 24-26 June 1996
Nanoparticle emissions from combustion engines
Experience of ship installations
Fuel effects on emissions from advanced diesel engines and vehicles
Variable valvetrain system technology
Exhaust gases are the biggest environmental challenge
Electronically controlled gasoline fuel-injection system with Lambda closed-loop control Mono-Jetronic : Bosch teknical instruction
Survey, cause and countermeasures of atmospheric pollution in Fushun
In response to the tightening emission legislation of marine and stationary engines, Wärtsilä has developed Wärtsilä NOx Reducer, in short, Wärtsilä NOR. Wärtsilä NOR is based on selective catalytic reduction (SCR) technology which has the purpose of nitrogen oxide emissions abatement from exhaust gas. The goal of this thesis was to plan a training area, a training cell, for Wärtsilä NOx Reducer in Wärtsilä Land & Sea Academy Turku Training Centre. The objective was to determine the efforts needed to establish it, the needed equipment and the training possibilities with the cell. In addition, planning of the cell layout and general operating instructions was required. This study was carried out as a project for Wärtsilä Training Development department. It included inspections at the Turku Training Centre, meetings and discussions with technical experts in Wärtsilä, and self-directed planning. The starting point was good since the premises for the training cell were suitable. The old SCR simulator was already on the site, and utilizing the associated equipment and facilities was considered a cost-efficient compromise. The simulator and its components were upgraded to match the current Wärtsilä NOR system. As a result, the thesis forms a proposal for SCR simulator with Wärtsilä NOR equipment, with a possibility to do several various training exercises, including commissioning and maintenance procedures. The layout, including the working areas, is planned as well. The outcome is a preliminary plan to provide support and background information when considering acquiring Wärtsilä NOR simulator equipment.
This Bachelor's thesis was made in cooperation with Wärtsilä Finland Oy and Viking Line Abp. The thesis studies the installation of exhaust gas treatment technology to the M/S Gabriella and challenges brought by it. The thesis also reviews sulfur emission limits set by International Maritime Organization (IMO) for ships that operate inside SECA areas and ways to achieve these limits with exhaust gas treatment technology. Limitations come into force in January 2015. Wärtsilä Finland has developed equipment for exhaust gas treatment that meets the emission limits set by IMO and made an offer for Viking Line of delivering such equipment to M/S Gabriella, which started operating in 1991. Under closer review is the ship itself, its equipment, and changes to be made onboard, Wärtsilä's scrubber appliances, appliance placement and benefits achieved by installation.The main focus is on closed loop fresh water scrubber but also open loop sea water is reviewed and a comparison is made between these two. The thesis attempts to point out the importance of weight management in retrofit projects and search for solutions to this project, which will decrease mass onboard. Although installation is quite challenging, it should be technically possible to execute. The profit achieved in terms of money is relatively significant. Installation of scrubber makes the usage of high sulfur content fuel oil possible, which is remarkably cheaper than low sulfur marine gas oil. All in all the thesis will recommend that installation of such equipment should be made before it is too late. Savings made with the installation annually, even with such aged ship, are enormous when the fuel oil type is changed. All the appliances can be fitted inside the ship reasonably.It is found that there are no problems with the stability and the weight reduction solutions are successful. Changes to the existing structures are relatively minor, where the lengthening of existing funnel can be mentioned as one of the biggest.
Wärtsilä wins repeat order from Messina for exhaust gas cleaning systems
Emissions from two-stroke engines
Fuels 2009 : mineral oil based and alternative fuels, 7th International colloquium [fuels], January 14 -15, 2009, [Ostfildern-Nellingen, Germany]
Automotive handbook
Measurement of aromatic compounds in automobile exhaust gases with membrane inlet mass spectrometry equipped with an on-line-probe and an automatic Tenax-Sampler
Reciprocating internal combustion engines : determination and method for the measurement of engine power : additional requirements for exhaust emission tests in accordance with ISO 8178.
Speciated hydrocarbon emissions from aromatic, olefinic, and paraffinic model fuels
Computational studies of aerosol growth, formation and measurement in diesel exhaust
Concepts in turbocharging for improved efficiency and emissions reduction
Marine diesel engine exhaust gas system, fouling and corrosion problems
Reaction kinetics and reactor modelling in the design of catalytic reactors for automotive exhaust gas abatement
Standardisation of exhaust gas insulation boxes
Marine vapor control system regulations for terminals and vessels in the United States
Plastic pipe use in hybrid scrubbers
Fuel consumption and exhaust emissions of urban buses : performance of the new diesel technology
Emission control and fuel economy for port and direct injected SI engines
Recommendations regarding exhaust emissions measurement : for reciprocating engines and gas turbines "Lubricants" = Recommandations concernant mesures relatives aux polluants dans le gaz d'echappement
Diesel exhaust particles : on-road and laboratory studies
Environmental Effects of Gas Conversion : Engines of Power Plants
