http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4311 forepersons
forepersons
Renaissance Management : the rebirth of energy and innovation in people and organizations
Women's managerial careers in the context of the United Arab Emirates
Leadership in organizations
Occupational stress of female managers in the Finnish tourism industry
Counselling for managers
Ethical team leadership : as construed by Finnish managers
Women and leadership : the state of play and strategies for change
How to excel in restaurant and hotel management
Leadership : theory and practice
Managing teams : a strategy for success
The glass ceiling in the 21st century : understanding barriers to gender equality
Abstract.
Capitalism, class conflict and the new middle class
Winning without losing : 66 strategies for succeeding in business while living a happy and balanced life
This book is about building leadership capacity in indivudals and in institutions, through enhancing professional relationships. It is based on the importance of maximising potential, and harnessing the ongoing commitment and energy needed to meet personal and professional goals.
Brutal bosses : and their prey
Leading in the top team : the CXO challenge
English summary: The dock workers of Turku (Åbo) : a study in industrial relations.
Job rotation has become an organizational tool used to widen an employee's perspective by enabling a person to switch between jobs. Yleisradio Oy took on job rotation in an organized way in the beginning of the year 2010. Due to financial cutbacks Yleisradio Oy is downsizing its operations and thus job rotation will become more necessary in the upcoming years. This thesis looks at managing know-how in job rotation with special emphasis on the manager's point of view on different aspects of the subject. This is meant for managers to help them react in situations of change which affect their departments as employees are coming to or leaving from their teams.  Job rotation is still in its early stages in organizations around the globe and thus there is not much research done on the subject. For this thesis primary research was conducted with in-depth interviews of nine managers in Yleisradio Oy. Job rotation influences not only the person taking part in the process but also their colleagues as well as their manager. Benefits of job rotation come to the employee taking part in job rotation, the department where they are leaving from, the department where they are going to as well as the organization as a whole. All these sectors which are influenced by job rotation have different needs and wants concerning the issue. These issues are handled in this thesis to provide insight into their relations with job rotation. Managers are the integral piece in the rotation process. They are the link between all the people affected by employees taking part in job rotation. Managers have to have good leadership skills to take into consideration the feelings of the employee coming to or leaving from their department as well as the rest of their subordinates as the change emerges. Managers also need to have good connections to the human resource department as well as to other managers to share thoughts and bounce ideas so that they have a good support system. This comes up especially when redefining concepts how to better manage the know-how which employees have as they switch jobs.
School leadership : heads on the block?
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Hugh Gaitskell
Multipliers : how the best leaders make everyone smarter
Competence framework for VET professions : handbook for practitioners
This text provides a comprehensive survey of the major theories and research on leadership and managerial effectiveness in formal organizations with practical suggestions for improving leadership skills.
Strengths based leadership : great leaders, teams, and why people follow
Mother leads best : 50 women who are changing the way organizations define leadership
Coaching educational leadership : building leadership capacity through partnerships
Women at the top : a study on women as leaders in the private sector
Team leaders and team managers in social services
Motivation and leadership at work
The important activity : work, tools and tensions of municipal middle managers in elder care
Projects for woodturners
The hotel assistant manager
Women and leadership: factors that influence women's career success : female leaders' reflections on their career development and leadership
Credibility : how leaders gain and lose it, why people demand it
Cross-border collaboration in the North. Viewpoints of municipal representatives and firm managers on the Bothnian Arc project
Management and gender : issues and attitudes
Manager's guide to virtual teams
Strategy process in practice in Teva and Kemia merger
Be a successful building contractor
Abstract: The collaboration between nursing leaders and occupational health care in promoting occupational well-being.
Managing know-how in job rotation : case: Yleisradio Oy
The changes in the modern environment happen constantly. Individuals and organizations try to cope with the changes. The hotel industry has been showing good economical results globally and in Finland during the recent years, and therefore it is an attractive working environemnt.     The purpose of this qualitative research was to understand the role of mobility in the career paths of the hotel managers in Helsinki. The hotel managers of only one company were interviewed, therefore the results describe the situation in the company X.     The data for this research was collected through literature review, collecting the information about the case company through publicly availabe sources and through informant interview with the company's representative, and through conducting the interviews with eight hotel managers employed by the company X in the Helsinki region. The main research question was: What paths hotel managers of the chain X go through in their careers? Threesupporting research questions were set as well: What role career mobility plays in the career paths of the hotel managers? What types of career mobility are prevalent in the career paths of the hotel managers? What is affecting the individual's decision towards change in the career?    Findings of this study showed that career mobility in career of the hotel managers is represented by developing universal skills, loving own job and networking. Career mobility is rather percieved positively by the hotel managers. The types that are prevalent in the career paths of the hotel managers are physical and pshycological mobility, vertical mobility, moving across the hotel functions and moving across industries. The main affect on the changes in the career have organizational intent and willingness to learn and improve oneself.     It is an interesting topic for the future professionals who are planning to work in Finland in the hotel field as well as for professionals already working in the industry. They can learn from the results of the research that mobility plays an important role in the career paths. Future professional can also see that universal skills acquired especially through experience in front office and food and beverage depatments of a hotel are helpful for the development of a career. Constant learning and imporving oneself are also essential characteristics of career path and should be considered by future professionals.
Estonianism in a Finnish organization : essays on culture, identity and otherness
The organizational woman : power and paradox
Seen but not heard : the implemented strategies and situational factors executive women use to be heard by their male colleagues in the workplace
Representations of leaders in education and recruitment advertisements in The Economist
Quality of nursing care from the perspective of patinets, nurses and leaders in Vietnam
Case female Forum : Developing Women's Leadership Opportunities in Work Life
Today greater responsibilities are being put on regions to shape their own future. Thus, different kinds of regional collaboration arenas have emerged and an increasing number of regional collaboration projects are now crossing both county and nation borders. The object of interest in this study is the Bothnian Arc project. This project involves municipalities on the Swedish and the Finnish side of the Gulf of Bothnia. The aim has been to analyse opinions and experiences of Swedish actors regarding the Bothnian Arc as a region-strengthening project. The article is based on interviews with fourteen municipality representatives and a questionnaire answered by approximately 300 firm managers within the Bothnian Arc area.The Bothnian Arc is essentially a political project and this study shows that the policy creating institutions have not succeeded in transferring ideas and objectives to firms within the area. In fact, only 30 per cent of the firm managers were familiar with the project. More concrete projects adapted to firm interests were required by a few of the municipality representatives. Moreover, the municipalities closest to the Finnish border are more active and involved both on municipal and firm level. This tendency is primarily due to already existing traditions of collaboration with Finnish actors.
Training Management Skills for First-line Managers : case: company X
Changes in personal work goals in relation to the psychosocial work environment: A two-year follow-up study
Two leadership consultants identify three keys to being a more effective leader: knowing your strengths and investing in others' strengths, getting people with the right strengths on your team, and understanding and meeting the four basic needs of those who look to you for leadership.
The emergence of leadership : linking self-organization and ethics
Managerial evaluations at the workplace : ethnographically situated conversation analytic study of evaluations in a research institute
Reliance on accounting performance measures and budgetary participation in a multinational environment
The New Supervisor : Lead with Confidence
Abstract: Middle managers in forestry - how they interface with their immediate superior.
Effective Coaching
Insideout enneagram : the game-changing guide for leaders. 100% Fresh
Job satisfaction and retention : case : Fairchild executive search
Regulations on the work of selecting and appointing leading party and government cadres
Virtual Team Success : a practical guide for working and leading from a distance
The aspect of mobility in the career paths of hotel managers of one hotel chain in Helsinki
Global assignments : successfully expatriating and repatriating international managers
Leadership and nursing care management
The use of CSR in employer branding : a study of the use of CSR factors in the employer branding elements of Great place to work-companies
Women among men : gender-related and health hazards affecting women working in a male-dominated industry
Principles of leadership
Supervision : managing for results
An examination of leadership and teamwork at the top level of the company.
femaleForum : competence for the future
Management : a contemporary approach
The one minute manager
Jeremiah Jellyfish flies high!
Supervisors' emerging role in second-generation knowledge management
Get a reel job : finding your first writing, producing, directing, acting, crew position in the film industry
The collaborative leader : the ultimate leadership challenge
Brilliant manager : what the best managers know, do and say
Women and men at the top : a study on women and men as leaders in the private sector
Win win management : leading people in the new workplace
Lean in : women, work, and the will to lead
FemaleForum : competence for the future
Managing for dummies
People and performance : the best of Peter Drucker on management
Towards a knowledge perspective on organisation
The aspect of mobility in the career paths of hotel managers of one hotel chain in Helsinki.
Swarm intelligence : what nature teaches us about shaping creative leadership
Position and values of women managers in Finland
Everyone's a coach : Five business secrets for high-performance coaching
Shattering the glass ceiling : the woman manager
Leadership behavior and coworker health : a study in process industry
The manager's book of decencies : how small gestures build great companies
