http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4324 material aid
material aid
Review questions and answers for veterinary technicians
The first contact point in Emergency Department is called Triage. It is a system used to prioritize and to recognize the severity of patient's condition when arriving at hospital. This examination is a rapid, systematic and concise which include primary and secondary assessments. The triage decision making and the role of a triage nurse is vital in managing the workload in triage system. Therefore, sufficient knowledge is imperative so that the treatments or the cares will be given properly. The primary objective of this is to scale the patient's health problems before seeing the physician. The purpose of this thesis is to produce a video as a teaching material about acute triage clinical examination for the student of TAMK and to educate how to carry out triage assessments. The approach used in this thesis is Functional which is composed of two parts which are a theoretical part and a product. The theoretical one covers the whole process of the thesis, video making and reflects the general information about triage system as well primary and secondary triage assessment. Triage decision making and prioritizing of care is also explained in this chapter. Finally, the outcome of the product is video. The video serves as an educational material for the student of TAMK. It increases and widens their knowledge about triage and also shows how important the role of triage nurses in decision making.  It is important for the students to understand and be familiar with triage. Enough knowledge about patient's health problems and proper intervention is significant to manage the patients. By learning triage, it gives more information about prioritizing the patient's needs and the importance of decision making when working in hospital. A further research study is recommended about the satisfaction of triage system as a clinical risk management tool in Emergency Departments.
Educational technologies for supporting self-regulated learning in online learning environments
"First things first" : an educational video for acute triage assesment
Abstract: Youth leaders first aid training : youth workers in Ulvila parish.
Learning object design assistant
Ensiapu : opetuskuvia : opetuskuva-aineisto Suomen Punaisen Ristin kouluttajille : undervisningsbilder : undervisningsbilder för rödakorsutbildare = First aid : training material : training material for Red Cross instructors = Första hjälpen
Design and use of assistive technology : social, technical, ethical, and economic challenges
Selecting materials for instruction. Issues and policies
Travel and tourism
Purchasing first aid products from China : case study: Rexram Oy
Consolidation in humanitarian logistics
Ergonomics of developing countries
RECAL thesaurus : prosthetics, orthotics and rehabilitation
