http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4326 foreign civilisations
foreign civilisations
Bioastronomy '99 : a new era in bioastronomy : proceedings of a meeting held at the Hapuna Beach Prince Hotel, Kohala Coast, Hawaii, USA, 2-6 August, 1999
XCOM : enemy within : commander edition : PlayStation 3
Warhammer 40,000 : deathwatch : PS4
Red claw
Civilization and its contents
Falling skies : the game : PlayStation 3
Betelgeuse. [2] : The caves
Absorption
Chariots of the gods : unsolved mysteries of the past
Betelgeuse. [1], The survivors
The better part of valor
"With the scope of Dune and the commercial action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to experience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. Set against the backdrop of China's Cultural Revolution, a secret military project sends signals into space to establish contact with aliens. An alien civilization on the brink of destruction captures the signal and plans to invade Earth. Meanwhile, on Earth, different camps start forming, planning to either welcome the superior beings and help them take over a world seen as corrupt, or to fight against the invasion. The result is a science fiction masterpiece of enormous scope and vision"
The Jackaroo, those enigmatic aliens who claim to have come to help, gave humanity access to worlds littered with ruins and scraps of technology left by long-dead client races. But although people have found new uses for alien technology, that technology may have found its own uses for people. The dissolute scion of a powerful merchant family, and a woman living in seclusion with only her dog and her demons for company, have become infected by a copies of a powerful chunk of alien code. Driven to discover what it wants from them, they become caught up in a conflict between a policeman allied to the Jackaroo and the laminated brain of a scientific wizard, and a mystery that spans light years and centuries. Humanity is about to discover why the Jackaroo came to help us, and how that help is shaping the end of human history.
Underground alien bases
Montauk : the alien connection
CETI Revisited : should we send radio messages to faraway galaxies?
The Survivors : quantum anomalies. Episode 2
Battleship : Wii
Exiles : the second Uplift trilogy
Star trek I : the motion picture
Breakdown
XCOM : enemy within : Xbox 360.
The small group of marooned humans, minus a few individuals who left after a difference of opinions, survived one group of aliens, received help from a second, and is now travelling towards what appears to be a town. But their adoptive planet is a truly peculiar place with many surprises in store: a wild and unknown nature, inhabitants with unpredictable attitudes and morals ... and other, even stranger phenomena well beyond their comprehension!
The avengers 3D
Extraterrestrials : science and alien intelligence
Extraterrestrial archaeology
The bureau : XCOM declassified : PlayStation 3
Beyond contact : a guide to seti and communications with alien civilizations
Star Trek : Frontiers board game is an epic game of exploration and adventure. Take control of one of four powerful starships and play a variety of competitive and cooperative scenarios as you compete to explore this new region of space. Conquer Dominion starbases and gain new technologies, explore new planets and face new species, or assault the Borg and recruit new crew to help you reach new heights! Level up as you progress through each mission and carefully build your action deck and captains skills for the mission at hand. Each decision you make will impede or improve your reputation in the region, as you acquire new technologies and position yourself as the captain best suited to accomplish the mission. After 4 rounds of exploration, diplomacy, and combat, only the captain with the greatest impact on the region will be declared the victor!
Mouse & dragon : a new Liaden universe novel
The eyes of the sphinx : the newest evidence of extraterrestrial contact in ancient Egypt
XCOM : enemy within : commander edition : Xbox 360
Aliens and ufos
The quiet invasion
Keepers of the garden
Is anyone out there? : the scientific search for extraterrestrial intelligence
Saga. Volume two
The thousand emperors
The avengers
Take back Plenty
Aldebaran. [2], The group
Lost star of myth and time
The gold of the gods
In the mouth of the whale
Empires : infiltration
"With the scope of Dune and the rousing action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to2 8xperience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. In Dark Forest, Earth is reeling from the revelation of a coming alien invasion--in just four centuries' time. The aliens' human collaborators may have been defeated, but the presence of the sophons, the subatomic particles that allow Trisolaris instant access to all human information, means that Earth's defense plans are totally exposed to the enemy. Only the human mind remains a secret. This is the motivation for the Wallfacer Project, a daring plan that grants four men enormous resources to design secret strategies, hidden through deceit and misdirection from Earth and Trisolaris alike. Three of the Wallfacers are influential statesmen and scientists, but the fourth is a total unknown. Luo Ji, an unambitious Chinese astronomer and sociologist, is baffled by his new status. All he knows is that he's the one Wallfacer that Trisolaris wants dead"-- Provided by publisher
The dark forest
Aldebaran. [3], The creature
The unexplained ufos and aliens
XCOM : the board game
The bureau : XCOM declassified : Xbox 360
Aldebaran. [1], The catastrophe
Death's end
Weapons of the Metabaron
Star trek VI : the undiscovered country : the feature film
Evolving the alien
The Survivors : quantum anomalies. Episode 1
Plurality of worlds : the origins of the extraterrestrial life debate from Democritus to Kant
The three-body problem
Something coming through
XCOM : Enemy unknown : PlayStation 3
Childhood's end
Into everywhere
Alien art : extraterrestrial expressions on earth
Falling skies : the game : Xbox 360
Judas unchained
XCOM : Enemy unknown : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Speaker for the dead
Every boy should have a man
Uplift : the complete original trilogy
The lost world of Agharti : the mystery of Vril power
We are not alone : the search of intelligent life of other worlds
Children no more
Betelgeuse. [3] : The other
