http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4325 humanoids
humanoids
The Tikitis
The forge of Vulcan
Alien abductions : creating a modern phenomenom : [focusing on the popular works of Budd Hopkins, John Fuller, Whitley Strieber, David Jacobs, John Mack and others...]
When Exether Mega, a young military pilot caught up in an interplanetary conflict between humans and Krommiuns, crashes after a deadly dogfight, she begins a perilous journey across enemy lines. Mega soon discovers she's at the center of a complex, secret experiment to create a weapon of unimaginable power. As further clues to her role identity, and destiny are revealed, sinister forces ramp up their efforts to capture and use her "Fourth Power," in a relentless pursuit across worlds filled with deadly technological and organic beasts.
Billy Majestic's Humpty Dumpty
A bibliography on SETI : notes from sources on extraterrestrial intelligence, an International Interdisciplinary Seminar on SETI, March 6, 1993, Heureka, Vantaa, Finland
Here to help : UFOs and the Space Brothers
Draculas, vampires, and other undead forms : essays on gender, race, and culture
The biological universe : the twentieth-century extraterrestrial life debate and the limits of science
The undertaker's gift
The mammoth book of ufos
Tune. Book 2 : Still life
Evolving the alien
The coming robot revolution : expectations and fears about emerging intelligent, humanlike machines
Advances in robot kinematics : motion in man and machine
Scams from the great beyond : how to make easy money off of ESP, astrology, UFOs, crop circles, cattle mutilations, alien abductions, Atlantis, channeling, and other New Age nonsense
"Exploring the facts behind the myths, this book reframes the debate about the reality of the space visitors in view of the unprecedented changes engulfing the world today. After the early contactees had been ruthlessly debunked by an organized disinformation campaign, a new context was carefully constructed by clandestine government agencies in collusion with the media, with only one purpose: to ridicule or instil fear of the extraterrestrial presence. And while the experiences and messages of the original contactees are now largely being ignored amid the frenzy of fear-based speculation that has resulted from decades of cover-ups and subsequent conspiracy theories, the author shows that they are in fact more relevant today than ever before by bringing together the spiritual and the practical strands of Ufology. From historical records, documentary evidence and testimonies of early and contemporary contactees against the background of the Ageless Wisdom teaching, this book uncovers the patient and sustained efforts of the space people to interact with people of Earth. In the process it reveals the true motive for their presence - to help humanity through this historical time of transition by sharing their wisdom and technology. According to the author, the message from space can be summarized as: Life is One, so live as one...or perish."--Publisher's description.
Modeling and control for efficient bipedal walking robots : a port-based approach
Montauk : the alien connection
Chasing the dragon
Saucer country. [Vol. 2] : The reticulan candidate
The eyes of the sphinx : the newest evidence of extraterrestrial contact in ancient Egypt
Science fiction
LEGO space : building the future
Inter galactic monarchy earth operation : the Ufo-book
The aliens are coming! : the exciting and extraordinary science behind our search for life in the universe
Gods, genes, and consciousness : nonhuman intervention in human history
The fourth power
A fire upon the deep
Aliens and ufos
Aliens in America : conspiracy cultures from outerspace to cyberspace
Alien art : extraterrestrial expressions on earth
The Gods have landed : new religions from other worlds
Star Trek : fan collective : Captain's log
Incredible technologies of the new world order : UFOs - Tesla - Area 51
The thing from another world
UFOs & alien contact : two centuries of mystery
Tune. Book 1 : Vanishing point
Tracking the man-beasts : sasquatch, vampires, zombies, and more
Little green men : go big or go home
Superscience : explaining the paranormal
Down to the bone
A beautiful, four-color book that showcases an epic LEGO universe. Full of advanced models guaranteed to inspire, as well as simpler models with building instructions / WorldCat.
Saucer country. [Vol. 1] : Run
E.T. culture : anthropology in outerspaces
Entities : angels, spirits, demons, and other alien beings
The gold of the gods
In the mouth of the whale
Robotics : state of the art and future challanges
Aliens, ghosts, and cults : legends we live
Ufo religion : inside flying saucer cults and culture
The extraterrestrial life debate 1750-1900
Spaceships of the Pleiades : the Billy Meier story
The children of the sky
The unexplained ufos and aliens
Alien chic : posthumanism and the other within
Communion : Encounters with the unknown
