http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p433 impurities
impurities
Clean air
Air pollution and the forests of developing and rapidly industrializing regions : report no. 4 of the IUFRO Task Force on Environmental Change
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
Air pollutants and energy pathways : extending models for abatement strategies
New HC screening technology for recycled fibre pulps
Meteorological aspects of wet deposition in southern Finland
Injury to pines in the vicinity of a chemical processing plant in northern Finland
Ship emissions and technical emission reduction potential in the Northern Baltic Sea
Results of the intensive monitoring of forest ecosystems (ICP Forests/Level II) : Deposition on the forests and forest floor in 2000 = Intensiivisen seurannan tuloksia ICP metsäohjelma/taso II havaintoaloilla
Ventilation systems for commercial kitchens
Air pollution as stress factor in the Nordic forests : seminar by the Nordic Forest Research Committee, 24.-26. October 1988
The expolis databases
Ambient air levels of PAHs in Finland compared to other coutries
The air quality comparison in Fushun and in Kokkola
Perceptual analysis of odorous irritants in indoor air
Conservation of stone II : : preprints of the contributions to the international symposium, Bologna, 27-30 October 1981 : part B  treatment
Lichens and air quality in White Mountain National Forest Wilderness Area : final report ; USDA 40-1484-7-614
Microbial exposure and health in schools : effects of moisture damage and renovation
Biogas composition and upgrading to biomethane
Indoor air contaminants in office buildings
Effects of air pollution on Scots pine needles : I Effects on total peroxidase activity
Phytoremediation : transformation and control of comtaminants
Acidic precipitation : formation and impact on terrestial ecosystems
Fine particles in urban air : exposure and cardiovascular health effects
Single particle laser-induced breakdown spectroscopy for elemental analysis of water and bioaerosols
Lichens and air quality in Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge : final report ; supported by U.S. Fish and Wildlife Servise USDI.14-16-0009-1566 # 4
Parameterization and assessment of processes affecting the long-range transport of airborne pollutants over the sea
The urban atmosphere and its effects
Particulates in the outdoor air of Finland : analytical surveys and methodological developments
Zephyr : passive climate controlled repositories : storage facilities for museum, archive and library purposes
Protection against depletion of stratospheric ozone by chlorofluorocarbons
"Written primarily as a textbook for upper-level undergraduate and beginning graduate students, this book provides fundamental knowledge concerning the biological and health effects of pollutants on living systems. Also able to serve as a reference for professionals, the book stresses the chemical and biological characteristics of major pollutants found in the air, water, and soil, and their impacts on the health and wellbeing of humans, animals, and plants. This new edition is greatly expanded and updated, includes a color insert, and contains a new chapter on Occupational Toxicology"--Provided by publisher.
Air pollution : measurement, modelling and mitigation
Sources and concentrations of volatile organic compounds in urban air
Conservation of stone II : preprints of the contributions to the international symposium, Bologna, 27-30 October 1981 : part A  deterioration
Clean room design : minimizing contamination through proper design
Eisler's encyclopedia of environmentally hazardous priority chemicals
The big smoke : a history of air pollution in London since medieval times
European collaborative action : urban air, indoor environment and human exposure. Report no. 22, Risk assessment in relation to indoor air quality : dedicated to late professor Christos C. Lefas
Source testing for air pollution control
Pollution in coastal waters : an interim reporesults of a priory programme of the German Research Society (1966-1974)
Urban climate observations in Helsinki
Background air quality in Finland in 2000.
Effects of low-level air pollution on asthma and chronic bronchitis in Nordic cities
Air pollution control technology handbook
Milk quality
A model for the effect of air pollutants on forest growth
Stone crushing activities and delivery of the material can increase air pollution and particle emissions into the air which can have health effects on the residents living around a stone crushing plant. The main purpose of this study is to gather information on the increased level of particle emissions by stone crushing and transportation activities and its health effects on local residents. This report is literature based and presents the information on the crushing activities on particle levels and their possible health effects. There are only few studies concerning the health effects of a stone crushing plant on the residents around it is very limited. Urban air quality is already affected by existing traffic and possible industries around it, the addition of stone crushing project will add up to air pollution problems in urban areas. There are considerable links between the increase of particle emissions and mortality/morbidity rates in urban areas, where the amount of traffic and particle emissions is high. An increase of only 10μg/m3 in PM2.5 can raise cardiovascular mortality about 6%. Elemental carbon (EC) concentration measured by filter sampling seemed to be the best indicator of heavy diesel vehicle traffic pollution. In addition to that diesel, trucks increase also nitrogen dioxide exposure and polluted area in Sääksjärvi example case. Diesel truck related particle level at the transportation route could increase by about 0.12 μg/m3 (270 trucks a day) or by 0.20 μg/m3 (370 trucks a day). Also road dust levels possibly increase due to intense traffic. Recent studies have suggested that also short term exposure to PM10 may increase respiratory symptoms and trigger heart attacks. It was concluded that the addition of dust and particle pollution by stone crushing activities as well as stone material delivery, can have a negative health effect on the residents nearby a stone crushing plant. In order to evaluate the severity and the affecting amounts of pollution, further studies need to be carried out.
Lichens and air quality in Boundary Water Canoe Area of Superior National Forest : final report ; supported by National Forest Service. Contract 43-63A9-5-867
Modeling the effects of unsteady flow patterns on the fireside ash fouling in tube arrays of kraft and coal-fired boilers
How to grow fresh air : 50 houseplants that purify your home or office
Outdoor urban aerosols and their transport and fate indoors
Modeling indoor air pollution
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
20th Annual Report 2011 : Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution : International Cooperative Programme on Integrated Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Ecosystems
Air pollution and air cleaning equipment in buildings
Air quality in the Helsinki metropolitan area : concentrations, emissions and trends
Effect of dirt on the behavior of light on a nanostructured surface
Forest health surveys 1987. Part 2, Analysis and interpretation
Probabilistic modelling of PM[sup2.5] exposures in the working age population of Helsinki metropolitan area
Compendium of food additive specifications : Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives 57th session, Rome, Italy, 5-14 June 2001.. Addendum 9.
Industrial  ventilation : a manual of recommended practice
Environmental geochemical atlas of the Central Barents Region
Anthropology of untouchability : "impurity" and "pollution" in a South Indian society
Consequences of pollution-related carotenoid limitation in birds
Atmospheric pollution : causes, effects and control policies
Alterations in the ultrastructure of epiphytic lichens Hypogymnia physodes and Alectoria capillaris caused by air pollution
The acid rain controversy
Wet deposition near the Inkoo Power Station during a wintertime experiment
Modelling of global impurity transport in tokamaks in the presence of non-axisymmetric effects
Mineral components in foods
The effects of acid deposition on buildings and building materials in the United Kingdom
Atmospheric diffusion : the dispersion of windborne material from industrial and other sources
A hybrid plume model for local-scale dispersion
Lichens and air quality in Isle Royale National Park : final report ; supported National Park Service. Contract CX 0001-2-0034
Pasvik Water Quality until 2013 : Environmental Monitoring Programme in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian Border Area
Forest health surveys 1987. Part 1, Results
Fog, smog and poisoned rain
Healthy Buildings 2003 : energy-efficient healthy buildings : proceedings of ISIAQ, 7th International Conference, 7th-11th December 2003, Singapore
The soil will save us! : how scientists, farmers, and foodies are healing the soil to save the planet
Personal exposure to fine particles (PM2.5) of adult population in Helsinki metropolitan area
Air composition & chemistry
Heterogeneous and liquid phase processes ; Laboratory studies related to aerosols and clouds
Indoor air quality : a guide for facility managers
The effect of air pollution on transplanted mosses
Lichens and air quality in Acadia National Park : report ; supported National Park Service. Contract CX 0001-2-0034
Indoor air pollution and health risks in Finnish ice arenas
Multiscale modeling of effects due to impurity clustering in semiconductor systems
Air pollution. Vol. 4. Part F, Indoor air pollution
Design of thea-polution based study (APED-AUPE) on urban air pollution exposure in Europe
Air pollution in the Czech Republic 1995
Lichens and air quality in Grand Portage National Monument : final report ; supported by National Park Service Contract USDA 42-649
Background air quality in Finland in 1999.
Air quality in major European cities. Part 1 : Scientific background document to Europe's environment
Effects of emissions from the nickel-copper smelter in Monchegorsk, northwestern Russia, on the radial growth of Scots pine
A revolution in pulp screening - recent experiences
Variation of Air Pollutant Concentrations in Residential Areas of the Helsinki Metropolitan Region
Sin and filth in medieval culture : the devil in the latrine
Determination of metallic impurities in uranium through anion exchange separation and neutron activation analysis
Exposure of an urban adult population to PM[sub 2.5] : methods, determinants and sources
Health effects of particles on residents around a stone crushing plant
Special topics on climate : lectures presented at the forty-second session of the WMO Executive Council
Acidification and trace metals in lakes
21st Annual Report 2012 : Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution : International Cooperative Programme on Integrated Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Ecosystems
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : seventy-fourth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Personal exposures to volatile organic compounds and carbonyls : relationships to microenvironment concentrations and analysis of sources
Effects of accumulation of air pollutants in forest ecosystems = proceedings of a workshop held at Göttingen, West Germany, May 16 - 18, 1982
Recognition of air pollution injury to vegetation : A pictorial atlas
Effect of outdoor air quality on indoor air
Radioactive air sampling methods
Using highly characterized peats to extract heavy metal ions from contaminated water
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions : characterization and comparison to other combustion units
23rd Annual Report 2014 : Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution : International Cooperative Programme on Integrated Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Ecosystems
Response of crops to air pollutants
19th annual report 2010 : Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution : International Cooperative Programme on Integrated Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Ecosystems
Characterizing moisture damaged buildings : environmental and biological monitoring
Assessing quality and safety of animal feeds
Dynamic modelling at Integrated Monitoring sites : Model testing against observations and uncertainty
Metrology of gaseous air pollutants
Simulating impurities and edges in graphene
Air pollutants and their effects on the terrestrial ecosystem
Indoor air quality engineering
A Fuel Cell Application and Beijing Air Pollution Control
Air quality trends in Finland
Plant defence systems induced by ozone
Photodegradation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the presence of methoxyphenols
Environmental Sustainability of Water Supply Systems Implemented at RWSSP-WN
Acute respiratory health effects of particulate matter : effects of size, composition and sources
Environmental toxicology
Prevention and reduction of indoor air pollution
Results from the first round of the Integrated Monitoring soil chemistry subprogramme
Handbook of atmospheric science : principles and applications
PM2.5 particle mass collection methods in the expolis study techniques, quality assurance and quality control
Cost benefit analysis of air pollution abatement measures in the Finnish pulp and paper industry
The investigation of atmospheric pollution : report on observations ..
Principles of food analysis for filth, decomposition and foreign matter
Effects of gaseous air pollution in agriculture and horticulture
Air pollution
Results of the intensive monitoring of forest ecosystems (ICP Forests/Level II) : Deposition on the forests and forest floor in 1999 = Intensiivisen seurannan tuloksia ICP metsäohjelma/taso II havaintoaloilla
Environmental toxicology : biological and health effects of pollutants
Soils and environmental quality
Air toxics: biomarkers in environmental applications : April 27-28, 1995, Houston, Texas / organized by Andrij Holian ; Conference on Beryllium-related Diseases : November 8-10, 1994, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina / organized by C. W. Jameson ... [et al.] ; The Second NIEHS Predictive-toxicology Evaluation Experiment : 30 chemical carcinogenicity bioassays / initiated and organized by Joseph T. Wachsman ... [et al.]
Lichens and air quality in Lye Brook Wilderness of the Green Mountain National Forest : final report ; supported by U.S.D.A. Forest Service Contract 42-649
Trace metal emissions from the combustion of Estonian oil shale : quantities, formation mechanisms and reduction aspects
Unique problem-and-solution approach for quickly mastering a broad range of calculations This book's problem-and-solution approach enables readers to quickly grasp the fundamentals of air pollution control equipment and essential applications. Moreover, the author sets forth solid principles for the design and selection of air pollution control equipment as well as for its efficient operation and maintenance. Readers gain a deep understanding of both the equipment itself and the many factors affecting performance.  Following two introductory chapters, the book dedicates four chapters to examining control equipment for gaseous pollutants, including adsorption, absorption, and incineration equipment. The remaining six chapters deal with equipment for managing airborne particulate pollutants, including gravity settlers, cyclones, electrostatic precipitators, scrubbers, and baghouses. The appendix contains discussions of hybrid systems, the SI system (including conversion constants), and a cost-equipment model.  Each chapter offers a short introduction to the control device discussed. Next, progressively more difficult problems with accompanying solutions enable readers to build their knowledge as they advance through the chapter. Problems reflect the most recent developments in pollution control and include a variety of performance equations and operation and maintenance calculations. Each problem includes a statement of the problem, the data used to solve the problem, and a detailed solution. Readers may further hone their skills by visiting the text's Web site for additional problems and solutions.  This publication serves both as a textbook for engineering students and as a reference for engineers and technicians who need to ensure that air pollution control equipment operates efficiently and enables their facility to meet all air pollution control standards and regulations.
Handbook of ventilation for contaminant control
Ventilation of commercial kitchens.
Managing indoor air quality
World atlas of atmospheric pollution
Air quality : issues and outlook
Symposium on Urban and rural air pollution - response of ecosystem and society (URPO), Helsinki 14.11.2005
Interactions among herbivores in three polluted pine stands
Operational plan for the prevention of acute street dust problems
DairyNet : hygiene control in Nordic dairies
The Nordic Expert Group for Criteria Documentation of Health Risks from Chemicals : 138. p Microbial volatile organic compounds (MVOCs)
Prevention of fouling on paper machine surfaces
Clean air research at the University of Oulu : proceedings of the 2nd SkyPro Conference November 12th 2013, University of Oulu, Finland
Acid rain : Papers presented at the Fifteenth consultative Council meeting of the Watt Committee on Energy, London, 1 December 1983.
Multidisciplinary research on urban air particles in Finland
UVC irradiation based water treatment : astudy of UV light emitting diodes, atomic layer deposited TiO2 and novel applications
Toxicological based air quality guidelines for substances in indoor air
Formation of brominated by-products during ozonation of bromide containing drinking waters : a pilot scale study
Indoor air quality engineering : environmental health and control of indoor pollutants
Proceedings of the 12th International Meeting for Specialists in Air Pollution Damages in Forest = Tagungsbeiträge zur XII. Internationalen Arbeitstagung forstlicher Rauchschadenssachverständiger. Vol. 1
Dispersion and risk assessment of airborne contaminants in pharmaceutical clean rooms
Forest monitoring : methods for terrestrial investigations in Europe with an overview of North America and Asia
Handbook of environmental engineering calculations
Trees in a changing environment : ecophysiology, adaptation, and future survival
Results of the intensive monitoring of forest ecosystems (ICP Forests/Level II) : Soil solution quality during 1998-2000 on 13 of the Level II plots = Intensiivisen seurannan tuloksia ICP metsäohjelma/taso II havaintoaloilla
Indoor air quality: the latest sampling and analytical methods
The Canadian Forestry Service air pollution program and bibliography
Management of pollutant emission from landfills and sludge
Synthesis, identification and analysis of dimeric impurities of chlorophenols
Indoor air pollution and health
Modeling moisture damage observations and their association with health symptoms
