http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4339 environmental issues
environmental issues
Green documentary : environmental documentary in the twenty-first century
The changing arctic landscape
Environmental management in practice. Vol. 2, Compartments, stressors and sectors
Thinking with water
The green museum : a primer on environmental practice
Environment and justice in the North : fourth annual seminar of the Arctic Graduate School, Arktis : 3-4th of April 2006, Seitaranta, Rovaniemi, Finland : abstract book
Energy use worldwide : a reference handbook
Sustainable architecture white papers
The right of access to environmental information under international human rights law
The environmental effects of stabilization and structural adjustment programs : the Philippines case
Corporate environmental strategy and competitive advantage
Rethinking the status of indigenous peoples in international environmental decision-making : pondering the role of Arctic indigenous peoples and the challenge of climate change
Getting to the 21st Century : voluntary action and the global agenda
The Harvard environmental law review
Cities in Transition focuses on the sustainability transitions initiated in 40 European cities. The book presents the incredible wealth of insights gathered through hundreds of interviews and questionnaires. Four key domains-local energy systems, local green spaces, local water systems and local labour markets-have been the focus of the field research investigating local potentials for social innovation and new forms of civil society self-organisation. Examining the potential of new organizational frameworks like co-operatives, multi-stakeholder constructions, local-regional partnerships and networks for the success of such transitions, this book presents the key ingredients of a sustainable urban community as a viable concept to address current global financial, environmental and social challenges. Crucial reading for academics and practitioners of urban planning and sustainability in Europe, Cities in Transition is an innovative roadmap for sustainability in changing cities.
Linkages between population, environment and development : case studies from Costa Rica, Pakistan and Uganda
The environment in contexts : environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
Environment and morality : confronting environmental racism in the United States
Swedish summary.
Multidisciplinary dialogue : wellbeing, technology and environment : extended abstract book
Environmental ethics and the global marketplace
Energy : its use and the environment
Gender and natural resource management : livelihoods, mobility and interventions
Managing human resources for environmental sustainability
This book provides an in-depth economic analysis of the challenges associated with bioenergy use and production. Drawing on New Institutional Economics and the theory of economic policy, it develops theory-based recommendations for a bioenergy policy that strives for efficiency and sustainability. Further, it shows how to deal with diverse uncertainties and constraints, such as institutional path dependencies, transaction costs, multiple and conflicting policy aims, and interacting market failures, while also applying the resulting theoretical insights to a case study analysis of Germany’s bioenergy policy. As such, the book aims to bridge the gap between practical bioenergy policymaking on the one hand, and neoclassical theory-based concepts that strictly focus on a minimization of greenhouse gas mitigation costs on the other.
Life cycle analysis
Managing global environmental issue - preliminary considerations of a liberal global theory
Environmental Life Cycle Assessment is an introductory college level textbook on the science of Life Cycle Assessment. It provides materials for a full year of study. Over thirty LCA experts were brought together by the American Center for Life Cycle Assessment, with full redundant editing to provide a consistent and comprehensive coverage of this broad field of study. Exercises are provide for each topic, covering everything from the nuts and bolts of the science to issues such as ethics and communication. Students using this textbook need only practical experience (as can be provided in lab courses) to be able to sit the exam for Life Cycle Assessment Certified Professionals.
Multi-stakeholder cooperation in global governance
The Aarhus Convention : an implementation guide : UN/ECE Convention on Access to Information, Public Participation in Decision-making and Access to Justice in Environmental Matters
Patterns of nutrient transfer in lowland catchments : a case study from northeastern Europe
The sustainable enterprise fieldbook : when it all comes together
Sustainable tourism : a global perspective
The environmental geochemistry of mineral deposits. Part B, Case studies and research topics
Good green guide for small businesses : how to change the way your business works for the better
Science and environmental decision making
A textbook in environmental science
Environmental taxation and climate change : achieving environmental sustainability through fiscal policy
Geotechnical practice for waste disposal
Recent developments in green and sustainable supply chains
Environmental issues are central to the social and political reforms of the 21st century. Bringing together leading experts, this textbook explores the social, political, economic and moral challenges that environmental problems pose for social policy in a global context. Combining theory and practice with an interdisciplinary approach, the book reviews the current strategies and provides a critique of proposed future developments.
Shale Gas in Europe assesses the specificities of large-scale shale gas extraction in Europe from a multidisciplinary viewpoint that is from the point of View of engineers, economists, policymakers, lawyers and sociologists. Shale Gas in Europe evaluates the potential of shale gas in the EU, including potential risks.
Environmental management in practice. Vol. 1, Instruments for environmental management
Vanishing habitats and species
An introduction to sustainable transportation : policy, planning and implementation
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 2, Environmental horticulture
Protecting public health and the environment : implementing the precautionary principle
Islam and ecology
The lived experiences of environmental activists in Finland : a phenomenological study
From the Publisher: What's the solution to the world's growing energy problem? PERFECT POWER. Electric usage is rising. Fuel costs are rocketing. Blackouts are happening more frequently. Why? Because our electrical power system-built on a vast network of resources including nuclear energy, natural gas, water, and coal-has become woefully outdated, increasingly expensive, and dangerously fragile. We need to change the current system, and we need to do it now. Written by business visionary and former Motorola chairman Robert Galvin, Perfect Power shows us how to create a "perfect" system that can deliver power where needed, at an astonishing reliability standard of 99.9999999 percent. By super-charging the "Six Sigma" concepts that Galvin developed as the founder and CEO at Motorola, we can: meet the energy reliability and quality needs of the Digital Age; generate new goods and services that create jobs, empower consumers, and lower energy cost; eliminate wasteful spending on our electrical infrastructure that can be used for peak power needs; facilitate local, regional, and, ultimately, national energy independence; fundamentally reduce the impact of energy on the environment; and invest in the microgrid revolution. Energy providers and policy makers will reinvent today's centralized power systems and integrate them with new, efficient "microgrids." Investors and entrepreneurs will spot tomorrow's hottest technologies. Consumers will demand change from "the powers that be." And environmentalists will take advantage of cleaner, greener energy sources available. We have the power to fulfill our energy needs, fix our old systems, forge ahead with new ideas, and fuel our dreams. It's Perfect Power.
An industry in transition : environmental significance of strategic reaction and proaction mechanisms of the Finnish pulp and paper industry
The right to be a part of nature : indigenous peoples and the environment
Legal tools for citizen empowerment : increasing local participation and benefit in Mali's mining sector
Case studies illustrating environmental practices in mining and metallurgical processes
The green office : how to live well, be green and make a difference
Environmental arguments : product marketing of paper machine
Learning to reason in environmental education : digital tools, access points to knowledge and science literacy
A dictionary of ecology
The Routledge handbook of sustainable food and gastronomy
Man's impact on the global environment : Assessment and recommendations for action. Report of the study of critical environmental problems (SCEP)
Resilience, development and global change
Polar tourism : an environmental perspective
Stakeholder engagement in environmental decision-making process : a study of the Finnish mining industry
The groundwater pollution of Korneuburg, Austria : its issue life-cycle in the public discourse and collaboration and confrontation strategies of actors
After the ice : life, death, and geopolitics in the new Arctic
Knowledge and decisions in environmental contexts : a case study of the pulp and paper industry
Estonia built on oil shale
Theoretical disputes and practical environmental dilemmas : an interdisciplinary study
Paying farmers for environmental services
The planet remade : how geoengineering could change the world
Tourism : change, impacts and opportunities
The 10 principles of food industry sustainability
Environments in a changing world
The Tallinn Environment Seminar, 10.9.1999 : seminar report editor Anders H. H. Jansson
Transport logistics and energy efficient supply chains across the borders : compilation of the results of two seminars held at St. Petersburg and Kouvola
Shale gas in europe : a multidisciplinary analysis with a focus on European specificities
The Nordic countries and the global environment
Marine and coastal environment : annual topic update
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
Companies in a World of Conflict : NGOs, sanctions and corporate responsibility
Institutions for environmental aid : pitfalls and promise
Euroregions and environmental crossborder co-operation : a case of the Euregio Bayerischer Wald/Šumava/Mühlviertel
Environmental impact assessment for Olkiluoto nuclear plant
Nature and the environment
International environmental law-making and diplomacy review 2014
Saving the planet with pesticides and plastics : the environmental triumph of high-yield farming
Process synthesis for fuel ethanol production
Combined heating, cooling & power handbook : technologies & applications : an integrated approach to energy resource optimization
"Mali's mining sector has grown greatly since the early 1990s, and is now the second largest source of export income. But while the state receives significant revenues, at the local level mining operations have been associated with loss of land rights and environmental pollution. This study identifies legal tools that can be used by local people to better secure their land rights and to participate more effectively in investment decisions and benefits. It assesses the strengths and weaknesses of these tools, and the opportunities and constraints associated with them. It also considers ways to increase their effectiveness, and identifies next steps for policy engagement and capacity building work. In some areas this pressure is exacerbated by increased investment in the mining sector, which adds another dimension to the issue - greater need for local participation in decision-making processes, transparency in negotiating contracts, proper compensation and a share of the profits generated by the extractive industry. Legal tools that can be used by local communities take on a particular relevance in these areas." --Provided by publisher.
Concepts and instruments for a rational bioenergy policy : a new institutional economics approach
International business : Adjusting to new challenges and opportunities
Why do we need multilateral environmental agreements to protect the arctic environment?
Environmental policies : an international review
Proceedings of the 10th International Drainage Workshop of ICID Working Group on Drainage : Helsinki/Tallinn 6-11. July 2008.
Environmental geochemistry and health : report to the Royal Society's British National Committee for Problems of the Environment
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Drivers of environmental innovation
Plastic green : designing for environmental transformation
Energy and environment : technological challenges for the future
Oil, globalization, and the war for the Arctic refuge
Industrial ecology and spaces of innovation
Feral : rewilding the land, sea and human life
International environmental law-making and diplomacy review 2015
Public involvement in the environmental issues : legislation, iniatives and practice in European members of ASEM countries
Environmental Life Cycle Assessment: Measuring the Environmental Performance of Products
A-Z of Corporate Environmental Management
The legislation of environmental disclosures in three Nordic countries : a comparison
Latin America and the Caribbean : a continental overview of environmental issues
Essentials of strategic management
Newsletter from Research and Co-operation Centre FO-RUM
First 3 years : ECO2 - eco-efficient Tampere 2020
Green logistics : improving the environmental sustainability of logistics
Wind energy - the facts : a guide to the technology, economics and future of wind power
The automotive industry and the environment : a technical, business and social future
Environmental marketing - a study of IKEA
Environmental issues concerning Wärtsilä's diesel power plant projects and sites
Cleaner coal in China
An indispensable handbook of tools and advice for environmentally responsible organizations.
The sustainable enterprise : profiting from best practice
Environmental problems of Nigeria : with special emphasis of Northern Nigeria
The Earth only endures : on reconnecting with nature and our place in it
Transportation : our impact on the planet
Volume two of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places provides detailed considerations of the scientific, managerial and technological concepts which underpin Environmental Horticulture. This discipline returns horticulture to its original values required for the design, husbandry and management of macro- and micro-landscapes and their constituent parts. Expert internationally acclaimed authors describe:- Horticulture and the Environment, Woody Ornamentals, Herbs and Pharmaceuticals, Urban Greening, Rural Trees, Urban Trees, Turfgrass Science, Interior and External Landscaping, Biodiversity, Climate Change and Organic Production. These subjects are united by considerations of the needs for the sustainable use of resources and careful conservation applied wherever Horticulture, natural flora and fauna, and the environment coincide. Horticulture plays a vital role in providing environmental care and supporting natural and man-made rural, urban and peri-urban landscapes.Indeed this discipline founded the basis for ecological studies, environmental science and the analysis and an increased understanding of eco-system services. This is illustrated by the current initiatives such as the development of green eco-towns and garden cities which require fundamental understandings of the controlled manipulation of plants based on the principles and practices of horticultural science for their success. Such concepts are rooted in Horticulture as illustrated by the use of plants throughout the histories of successive civilisations. These values have been vigorously applied for rejuvenating cities and communities which have been afflicted by declining economies, degraded environments, poor employment opportunities, and returning poverty. The presence of healthy plant communities provides significant economic gains in the form of environmental benefits, increased tourism, business and employment opportunities.Considerable cost-benefits are added, such as climatic amelioration, carbon sequestration, providing carbon credits and stormwater attenuation. Particular attention is given in this book to the threats posed by climate change and India is cited as a pertinent case study. Horticulture has much to offer by way of mitigation of the environmental devastation. Each of these topics is given detailed consideration by expert authors of this book.
To be an environmentalist early in the twenty-first century is always to be defending, arguing, acknowledging the hurdles we face in our efforts to protect wild places and fight climate change. But let's be honest: hedging has never inspired anyone. So what if we stopped hedging? What if we grounded our efforts to solve environmental problems in hope instead, and let nature make our case for us? That's what George Monbiot does in Feral, a lyrical, unabashedly romantic vision of how, by inviting nature back into our lives, we can simultaneously cure our "ecological boredom" and begin repairing centuries of environmental damage. Monbiot takes readers on an enchanting journey around the world to explore ecosystems that have been "rewilded": freed from human intervention and allowed--in some cases for the first time in millennia--to resume their natural ecological processes. We share his awe, and wonder, as he kayaks among dolphins and seabirds off the coast of Wales and wanders the forests of Eastern Europe, where lynx and wolf packs are reclaiming their ancient hunting grounds. Through his eyes, we see environmental success--and begin to envision a future world where humans and nature are no longer separate and antagonistic, but are together part of a single, healing world.
The global water crisis : a reference handbook
Blue covenant : the global water crisis and the coming battle for the right to water
Economics, the environment and our common wealth
Requirements and guidelines for compatible environmental information facilities : current standardisation initiatives setting the scene of data sharing
The price of nuclear power : uranium communities and environmental justice
Corporate responses to EU emissions trading : resistance, innovation or responsibility?
Meteorology and hydrology for sustainable development
Natural peace and ethics : a collection of essays and speeches on environment and sustainable development
The ecology of tropical East Asia
Termo technology programme : final report 1993-1997
Water in crisis : a guide to the world's fresh water resources
The global casino : an introduction to environmental issues
Lives per gallon : the true cost of our oil addiction
"In this fully updated and revised edition, the authors explore the evolution, nature and function of international law in world politics and situate international law in its historical and political context. They propose three interdisciplinary 'lenses' (realist, liberal and constructivist) through which to view the role of international law in world politics and suggest that the concept of an international society provides the overall context within which international legal developments occur. These theoretical perspectives offer different ways of looking at international law in terms of what it is, how it works and how it changes. Topics covered include the use of force, international crimes, human rights, international trade and the environment. The new edition also contains more material on non-western perspectives, international institutions and non-state actors and a new bibliography. Each chapter features discussion questions and guides to further reading"--Provided by publisher.
Proceedings of the SIFE Seminar on Energy and Environment, Turku 22-23. February 1999
Material flows and economic growth : linking analyses and environmental Kuznets curves for the EU-15 member countries in 1980-2000
Human response to global change
Chemicals in the European environment : low doses, high stakes?
Living in the environment
"In this Very Short Introduction, Stephen Smith shows how the field of environmental economics looks at how economic activity and policy can affect the environment in which we live. The book discusses environmental issues including pollution control, reducing environmental damage, global climate change policies, questions about how we should balance environmental and economic considerations, and what form government policies should take. In recent years, Smith reveals, many economists have argued for greater use of incentives such as pollution charges and emissions trading rather than more traditional direct regulation of polluters. Including many illustrative case studies, this book offers an illuminating introduction to an exciting field of economics."--Publisher's website.
Environmental economics : a very short introduction
The human quest : prospering within planetary boundaries
Restoring the connection to the natural world : essays on the African American environmental imagination
One earth - one world : report from a research policy conference on environment and development, Fornebu, Oslo, Norway, 22-23 March 1988
Living water : Viktor Schauberger and the secrets of natural energy
Managerial challenges in environmental innovation : case studies in the electrical equipment and automotive sectors
Clean mobility and intelligent transport systems
Scanning the future : 20 eminent thinkers on the world of tomorrow
Tourism: Change, Impacts and Opportunities provides a comprehensive and balanced discussion of the impacts of tourism. The authors address the nature of tourism and tourists and the economic, physical and social impact that can result from their activity. New approaches to impact assessment are also considered. A wide range of examples from developed and developing countries illustrate the points raised in the text. This timely and perceptive book is essential reading for anyone involved in tourism planning or development and is also suitable for students of geography, planning, economics and sociology.
This book focuses on current concerns and trends, to reflect the changes that have occurred in this deregulated era. It provides the reader with an overview of the major themes in civil aviation ethics. The book begins with theoretical frameworks, followed by sections on the business side of aviation, employee responsibility, diversity in aviation, ground issues regarding airports, air traffic control and security, as well as health and the environment.
With this book, photographer Ken Tape sets changes in the landscape in stark relief, pairing decades-old photos of the arctic landscape of Alaska with photos of the same scenes taken in the present. The resulting volume is a stunning reminder of inexorable change; divided into sections on vegetation, permafrost, and glaciers, the images show the startling effects of climate change. In addition, each section presents a short biography of a pioneering scientist who was instrumental in both obtaining the antique photographs and advancing the study of arctic ecosystems, as well as interviews with scientists who have spent decades working in Alaska for the United States Geological Survey.
The Gulf monarchies and climate change : Abu Dhabi and Qatar in an era of natural unsustainability
Perspectives on strategic environmental assessment
McGraw-Hill encyclopedia of environmental science
Environmental management in organizations : the IEMA handbook
Faulkner and the "doomed wilderness" of the Yazoo-Mississippi Delta
Cities in transition : social innovation for Europe's urban sustainability
Ethical issues in aviation
Postmodern environmental ethics
Dreamland : a self-help manual for a frightened nation
Open for business : conservatives' opposition to environmental regulation
Environmental management systems : understanding organisational drivers and barriers
Implementing the principles of the public participation convention in international organizations : background document for NGO session, 3-6 pm, 24 June, 1998
Religion and ecology in the public sphere
Internal combustion : how corporations and governments addicted the world to oil and detrailed the alternatives
Buddha on Wall Street : what's wrong with capitalism and what we can do about it
Although the food industry is beginning to make headway with its sustainability initiatives, substantially more progress is needed in order to feed the world's growing population sustainably. The challenge is that the topic of sustainability can seem overwhelming and there is limited information that is specific to the food industry. Written by an experienced food industry professional with years of experience in sustainability, The 10 Principles of Food Industry Sustainability inspires and informs the progress required to nourish the population, revitalize natural resources, enhance economic development, and close resource loops. The book makes this complex topic approachable and actionable by identifying the most pressing sustainability priorities across the entire food supply chain and showing, with tools and examples, how producers, processors, packers, distributors, marketers and retailers all play a role in advancing improvement. The book begins with an overview of the Principles of sustainability in the food industry: what they are and why they matter. Subsequent chapters focus on each of the Ten Principles in detail: how they relate to the food industry, their global relevance (including their environmental, health, and social impacts), and the best practices to achieve the potential of meaningful and positive progress that the Principles offer. Specific examples from industry are presented in order to provide scalable solutions and bring the concepts to life, along with top resources for further exploration. The Principles, practices, and potential of sustainability in the food industry covered in this book are designed to be motivating and to offer a much-needed and clear way forward towards a sustainable food supply.
Corporate environmental responsibility in Singapore and Malaysia : the potential and limits of voluntary initiatives
The ozone hole
Trilemma : three major problems threatening world survival
Convention on access to information, public participation in decision-making and access to justice in environmental matter
The Baltic Sea region 2014 : ten policy-oriented articles from scholars of the University of Turku
Perfect power : how the microgrid revolution will unleash cleaner, greener, and more abundant energy
Mining, development and environment in Central Asia : toolkit companion with case studies
Environmental management in practice. Vol. 3, Managing the ecosystem
Understanding the environment and social policy
Environmental forest science : proceedings of the IUFRO Division 8 Conference Environmental Forest Science, held 19-23 October 1998, Kyoto University, Japan
Global environmental issues : United Nations Environment Programme
Environmental movements in Sub-Saharan Africa : a political ecology of power and conflict
The environmental geochemistry of mineral deposits. Part A, Processes, techniques, and health issues
The Beijer Institute : the international institute for energy resources and the human environment
The environment in the headlines : newspaper coverage of climate change and eutrophication in Finland
Environmental solutions for the pulp and paper industry
Eco-facts & eco-fiction : understanding the environmental depate
The Arctic has reacted more quickly and dramatically to global warming than many had anticipated. Scientists are urgently trying to predict just how the Arctic will change and how those changes will in turn affect the rest of the planet. But plenty of other people, driven by profit rather than data, are interested as well. The riches of the world's last virgin territory have spurred the reawakening of old geopolitical rivalries. The United States, Canada, Russia, Norway, and Denmark all control areas around the Arctic Ocean. We face a new era of oil rigs and drill ships, of shipping shortcuts, and fights over the Arctic's treasures. Alongside the winners are the many losers, from nomadic reindeer herders to Inuit hunters. Other creatures that rely on the vast expanses of sea ice, including seals, birds, and whales, may disappear or be replaced. Combining science, business, politics, and adventure, Alun Anderson takes the reader to the ends of the earth in a narrative portrait of this rapidly changing land of unparalleled global significance.--From publisher description.
Environmental policy in the European Union
International law and international relations
Environmental transformations in the Russian forest industry : key actors and local development
Environmental issues in business education curricula at Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : towards a postmodern curriculum?
11th Nordic-Baltic Symposium : Functioning of NOM in the environment : June 10-13 2007, Joensuu, Finland : Abstracts
Ecodesign in the EU : four projects focusing on information technology, education and product desing
Agricultural change, environment and economy : essays in honour of W. B. Morgan
Summary: Environmentalism as a regulative idea : social psychological analysis.
Popular(ized) environmental rhetoric : a toulminian approach
"This essential multi-authored work reflects a new sustainable transportation planning paradigm. It explores the concepts of sustainable development and sustainable transportation, describes practical techniques for comprehensive evaluation, provides tools for multi-modal transport planning, and presents innovative mobility management solutions to transportation problems. Students of various disciplines, planners, policymakers and concerned citizens will find many of its provocative ideas and approaches of considerable value as they engage in the processes of understanding and changing transportation towards greater sustainability. This text reflects a fundamental change in transportation decision making. It focuses on accessibility rather than mobility, emphasizes the need to expand the range of options and impacts considered in analysis, and provides practical tools to allow planners, policy makers and the general public to determine the best solution to the transportation problems facing a community."--Publisher's description.
A major dilemma for businesses has been the struggle to understand how to adopt and implement proactive environmental practices while meeting the core business objectives of growth and competitive advantage. The international contributors - leading scholars in the field of environmental strategy and management - shed light on this difficult balance as they examine the generation and deployment of capabilities, processes, and routines that help a business develop advanced environmental practices while simultaneously lowering costs and creating differentiation benefits.
Foreign direct investment, clean development mechanism, and environmental management : a case of Sub-Saharan Africa
The environmental justice reader : politics, poetics & pedagogy
Mining, development and environment in Central Asia : a cartoon summary of the toolkit companion
Science and environmental education : towards the integration of science education, experimental science activities and environmental education
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Attitudes of political decision-makers in Namibia regarding the value of their natural environment
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised North
Determinants of the voting outcome : a look into shareholder proposals in social and environmental issues in the U.S. in 2006 and 2007
Energy : present knowledge, future trends
