http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4333 mobile phone systems
mobile phone systems
The purpose of this Master's thesis was to improve a technology oriented mobile network performance monitoring towards a service oriented model, and study the fundamental mobile network characteristics affecting the mobile network performance reporting. This Master's thesis introduces relations between mobile network architecture, radio network structure and mobile network Performance Management. The Six Sigma methodology is introduced on a general level, and common statistics to monitor a process are presented. The research work for this Master's thesis was carried out inside the Author's Six Sigma Black Belt project to renew the Mobile Network Performance Quality Team Report. The Six Sigma DMAIC process was used to reach the results. The scope of the thesis was limited to speech telephone service and the primary measure for the analysis was the KPI call success.The DMAIC process Measure phase result was a new service oriented report structure which associates the technological KPI sets with the services critical to characteristics. There were two main results from the DMAIC process Analyze phase. The first Analyze phase result was the most critical input factors for the KPI call success. The mobile network's fundamental characteristics found were the populations Rural and Urban and the traffic share between them, which explains the long term variation in the statistically significant sense. The second Analyze phase result was the found root cause for the large short term variation. The formula of the used KPI call success itself was the root cause indicating lower performance for the days with a higher average call duration.The common finding of the long term and short term analysis was that the customer behaviour is a statistically significant factor for mobile network performance monitoring in the scope of traffic movements between the populations and call duration changes. The importance of customer behavioural factors increases if the KPI measures are used to compare the performance of mobile networks from different markets when such customer behaviour difference might occur.
Analysis of digital signal processing software channel decoding processes
Means to optimize code performance in DSP environment
Samsung Galaxy tabs for dummies
Analysis of Genesis traffic generator
Bit error probability in signal quality estimation and digital filtering for link adaptation in base transceiver station
Interference analysis and reduction for wireless systems
Mobile networks architecture
Semi-blind detection of co-channel signals in mobile communications
The SW component integration and system testing process
Material cost calculation tool for NTM portfolio
Handover in the GSM Network
Designing a rake receiver for the common pilot channels in 3GPP
An introduction to GSM
WCDMA radio network performance
UTOPIA FPGA : description and verification
A study of TD-CDMA and WCDMA radio network enhancements
Implementation of load directed roaming and power budget algorithms in Nokia TETRA radio unit
Abstract.
The optimization of signalling SW testing in the base station
Radio network planning and optimisation for WCDMA
Finland : media, Internet and telecommunications : complete profile
Wireless remote connection technology evaluation
Wireless and cellular telecommunications
Porting oc channel encoding functions of digital signal processing software
Development of test case library for service aware charging and control
Cellular communications explained : from basics to 3G
Masquerader detection in mobile context based on behaviour and environment monitoring
Inter-system handover in BSC - effects on adjacent cell handling program block
HTML5 as a cross platform technology for the mobile application development
Resource management in cooperative MIMO-OFDM cellular systems
Grounding the innovation of future technologies
RF switching for 3rd generation cellular transceiver front-ends
Packaging life : cultures of the everyday
Adjacent channel interference system study
Design and implementation of tree and tabular combined notation test suite
Ground-based wireless positioning
Converting GSM messages to a WCDMA RAN
Camera based motion estimation and recognition for human-computer interaction
Ways of walking : understanding walking's implications for the design of handheld technology via a humanistic ethnographic approach
Development of interface & integration -phase test environment for Optima family BTS
Evaluation of web-based implementation for O&M functionality in mobile core network
Wideband transmitter and receiver rework process
Simulation model for packet switched multimedia connection in the UMTS core network
Essentials of modern telecommunications systems
Comparison of the 3G evolution and 4G systems
Introduction to GSM
Mobile broadband : including WiMAX and LTE
GPRS implementation to the Nokia test network
Security measurement for LTE/SAE during single radio voice call continuity (SRVCC)
Process of initial UMTS radio network planning
Characteristics of China edition software testing in Nokia Smartphone
OST Finland : mobile alarming of vibration test result
Analysis of market opportunities for GSM service provider in the UK market
Femtocells : opportunities and challenges for business and technology
The mobile radio propagation channel
UMTS : introduction and measurement
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
Performance requirements and design specifications of multi-carrier GSM base station radios
WCDMA radio interface for UMTS
Third generation mobile telecommunication systems : UMTS and IMT-2000
Location updating generator in GSM
Scalable VoIP mobility : integration and deployment
Network statistics, analyzer in GSM OSS
Small cell networks : deployment, PHY techniques, and resource management
AXE-MSC configuration compared to C-MGw configuration in Ericsson system test plant
Push-to-talk over cellular client for Symbian Series 60
Packet common control channel and packet broadcast control channel implementation into DE21 base transceiver station
Tiivistelmä: IP multimedia subsystem implementation.
Multi-element antennas for mobile communication systems : design, evaluation and user interactions
The measurements of GPRS BSS
SMS station for embedded system
OnLine Monitor tool for MetroSite BTS DSP SW
Third generation mobile communication systems
Communications for a mobile society : an assessment of new technology
3G wireless networks
Indoor radio planning : a practical guide for GSM, DCS, UMTS, HSPA and LTE
New network paradigms for future multihop cellular systems
The applicability of StarPro2000 digital signal processor in third generation base stations
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
GPRS in wireless data : functioning and design of the network
Abstract: IP multimedia subsystem implementation.
UMTS and the evolution of mobile networks towards all-IP
Evolution of mobile technologies and soft vertical handover in 4G
Design of secondary PDP context procedure
The power of mobility : how your business can compete and win in the next technology revolution
Standardisation in the construction of a large technological system : the case of the Nordic mobile telephone system
Mobile multimedia broadcasting standards : technology and practice
RNC interfaces I ub AND I ur
Appcelerator Titanium : up & running
Broadband mobile multimedia : techniques and applications
Managing mobile services : technologies and business practices
Multiantenna wireless communications systems
Test case specification and execution for LVDS clock buses in 3G base stations
Infrared link for BTS LMT
Design and Deployment of Small Cell Networks
Cellular authentication for mobile and internet services
Change management process deployment and further development
Product meaning, affective use evaluation, and transfer : a preliminary study
Web-based handling of the market guideline document
Harmonic interference in LTE-advanced carrier aggregation
Windows Phone 7 plain & simple : your easy, colorful, see-how guide to Windows Phone 7!
TRAU support for NetHawk LAPD Server
Automation of testing by using the QA Partner-tool in the OSS3 environment
Call independent supplementary services in MSC
RF measurements for cellular phones and wireless data systems
QoS and QoE Management in UMTS cellular systems
Quality of Service technologies for Next Generation Networks : a survey of standards and solutions to perform quality-oriented network management for multimedia applications
Architectural and algorithm transformations and their applications in mobile telecommunication systems
Charging for pre-paid  content roaming
Oven controlled crystal oscillator testing and implementation to UtraSite GSM base transceiver station
The functions and testing of UEM in BB
I2C-bus interface inplementation in base station
Chip and signature interleaving in DS CDMA systems
ClearCase implementation to Ericsson Mobile Networks Supply and Support organisation in Finland
UIQ 3 : the complete guide
Definition and description of the software maintenance process
Defining and performing transmission node tests for WCDMA BTS
Towards a global 3G system : advanced mobile communication in Europe. 1
Essentials of UMTS
EDGE On the Road to 3G
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
Long term evolution of mobile networks
Evolved cellular network planning and optimization for UMTS and LTE
Mobile application development with SMS and the SIM toolkit
Abstract: TRAU support for NetHawk LAPD Server.
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Wireless location in CDMA cellular radio systems
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Simulation of HSDPA
Systra : training material
Spectrum sharing for future mobile cellular systems
The purpose of this thesis is to discuss the evolution of third generation mobile networks from certification laboratory point of view and to draw conclusions about affects of LTE to laboratory. Certification laboratory performs conformance testing to fulfill requirements set by certification scheme. Requirement consists of defined standards.3GPP is a standardization organization producing GSM/UMTS family standards, therefore this thesis deals with its creation and general structure as well as working group methods of standard creation processes. WCDMA technology development is handled in general and also with comparison to previous GSM technology networks in order to give a more comprehensive view to digital mobile systems. UMTS system architecture and LTE physical layer is highlighted due to the fact that it has a major impact to testing methods and processes. LTE Conformance testing specification is described in section level and conclusions of laboratory impacts are presented. Through this thesis work it became evident that due to the numerous changes in LTE network architecture, transmission schemes, physical channels and protocol stacks new type of test platforms are needed for the conformance testing purposes. Therefore certification laboratory needs to trigger multiple processes related to follow up vendor activities and to ensure staff competence in relations to new standard requirements.
IP multimedia subsystem implementation
The GSM network level system testing
Theoretical and methodological challenges of cross-cultural interaction design
EPOC OS tracing & monitoring
Evolution of mobile data services from GSM towards 3rd generation
The Development of the controller module
UMTS radio network planning, optimization and QoS management for practical engineering tasks
Verification of diversity schemes, range and gain analysis of handover features on Nokia experimental 3G WCDMA system
UMTS for mobile multimedia applications and services
Fundamentals of cellular network planning and optimisation : 2G/2.5G/3G... evolution to 4G
It seems logical to argue that mobile computing technologies are intended for use “on-the-go.” However, on closer inspection, the use of mobile technologies pose a number of challenges for users who are mobile, particularly moving around on foot. In engaging with such mobile technologies and their envisaged development, we argue that interaction designers must increasingly consider a multitude of perspectives that relate to walking in order to frame design problems appropriately. In this paper, we consider a number of perspectives on walking, and we discuss how these may inspire the design of mobile technologies. Drawing on insights from non-representational theory, we develop a partial vocabulary with which to engage with qualities of pedestrian mobility, and we outline how taking more mindful approaches to walking may enrich and inform the design space of handheld technologies..
Media gateway migration from non-split to split architecture
Software developing and testing by Nokia mobile phones
Mobile satellite communications : principles and trends
Discontinuous transmission in adaptive full rate for GSM base transceiver station
SDL implementation of the GSMś physical layer control
In mobile communications technology, increasing demand for faster connection speeds requires more from next generation mobile networks. 3GPP is a partnership organization consisting of many corporations which have interest in the future of mobile communication technology and is responsible for specifying the next generation cellular system. This next generation system is known as LTE-Advanced, and is an evolution of the original LTE system. To achieve faster transfer of data, an increase in transmission bandwidth is considered essential. This increase of transmission bandwidth is possible with Carrier Aggregation. In LTE-Advanced Carrier Aggregation, multiple LTE carriers can be combined to widen transmission bandwidth. However, with certain frequency band configurations there would be harmonic relation between bands used to aggregate carriers. This harmonic issue would cause sensitivity degradation in User Equipment (UE). In this thesis the harmonic issue with band configuration of 4 and 17 was examined. The goal was to find the worst case scenario for sensitivity degradation and see if it correlated with what was specified by 3GPP. UE sensitivity was measured with different power levels and bandwidths of artificially created LTE SC-FDMA 3rd harmonic distortion. Sensitivity was also measured by sweeping a continuous wave (CW) carrier across the channel used by the receiver of the UE to see if some parts of the channel would be more sensitive to interference than others. The results of these measurements confirm that 3GPP specifications for the band configuration and harmonic issue in LTE-Advanced Carrier Aggregation are correct. This thesis was carried out for Nokia Corporation to support the international 3GPP standardization process.
Abstract: Call independent supplementary services in MSC.
Power RF Surface Mounted Devices (SMD)
Supply process of the UMTS radio network management system
High-speed wireless communications : ultra-wideband, 3G long-term evolution, and 4G broadband mobile systems
Radio access networks for UMTS : principles and practice
Harmonization of Nokia SyncML client implementations : bachelor's thesis
Utilizing SPC in SMD area
Augmented reality based user interface for mobile applications and services
Evolution of 3G networks : the concept, architecture and realization of mobile networks beyond UMTS
Applying Six Sigma to improve mobile network performance monitoring
Uplink outer loop power control in UTMS radio access network
Design of UI application to GSM system
GSM switching, services and protocols
Influences of modern culture on evolution of mobile services
Long Term Evolution : 3GPP LTE radio and cellular technology
A signalling test tool for the Iu interface
Renewal of RF automated test system software
