http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4334 telephone systems
telephone systems
Samsung Galaxy tabs for dummies
Triple play : building the converged network for IP, VoIP and IPTV
The GSM evolution : mobile packet data services
Semi-blind detection of co-channel signals in mobile communications
User-centered development of video telephony for servicing mainly older users : review and evaluation of an approach applied for 10 years
Handover in the GSM Network
An introduction to GSM
Switching to VoIP
WCDMA radio network performance
Skype hacks(TM)
A study of TD-CDMA and WCDMA radio network enhancements
IP telephony
Finland : media, Internet and telecommunications : complete profile
Statistics measurement definition work to Nokia TETRA system
Simulation of queueing structures : a feasibility study
Development of test case library for service aware charging and control
Traffic engineering and QoS optimization of integrated voice & data networks
Masquerader detection in mobile context based on behaviour and environment monitoring
Inter-system handover in BSC - effects on adjacent cell handling program block
HTML5 as a cross platform technology for the mobile application development
Losses induced by mismatching of the antenna in a mobile phone
Resource management in cooperative MIMO-OFDM cellular systems
Grounding the innovation of future technologies
Adjacent channel interference system study
Camera based motion estimation and recognition for human-computer interaction
Taking charge of your VoIP project
Computer networks
Ways of walking : understanding walking's implications for the design of handheld technology via a humanistic ethnographic approach
Evaluation of web-based implementation for O&M functionality in mobile core network
Fixed-mobile wireless networks convergence : technologies, solutions, services
Security measurement for LTE/SAE during single radio voice call continuity (SRVCC)
Process of initial UMTS radio network planning
Echo canceller in telephony systems
Implementing parser tool to visualize trace and error log files in Media Gateway
The cable and telecommunications professionals' reference. Vol. 1, PSTN, IP and cellular networks, and mathematical techniques
Wi-Fi telephony : challenges and solutions for voice over WLANs
UMTS : introduction and measurement
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
Performance requirements and design specifications of multi-carrier GSM base station radios
WCDMA radio interface for UMTS
IP for 4G
Service Composition on a Mobile Phone
Comparing buying decision processes between smartphone consumers : case Android, iOS and Windows Phone
Network statistics, analyzer in GSM OSS
Beyond 3G : bringing networks, terminals and the Web together : LTE, WiMAX, IMS, 4G terminals and the mobile Web 2.0
Timing of fuzzy membership functions from data
Enhancing the usability of telecare devices
FreeSWITCH 1.0.6 : build robust high performance telephony systems using FreeSWITCH
Windows phone 7 programming for Android and iOS developers
Push-to-talk over cellular client for Symbian Series 60
Beyond VoIP protocols : understanding voice technology and networking techniques for IP telephony
Multi-element antennas for mobile communication systems : design, evaluation and user interactions
Abstract: Statistics measurement definition work to Nokia TETRA system.
Building telephony systems with Asterisk : an easy introduction to using and configuring Asterisk to build feature-rich telephone systems for small and medium businesses
Quality of service for triple play services in heterogeneous networks
Indoor radio planning : a practical guide for GSM, DCS, UMTS, HSPA and LTE
New network paradigms for future multihop cellular systems
VoIP : wireless, P2P and New Enterprise Voice Over IP
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
GPRS in wireless data : functioning and design of the network
VoIP handbook : applications, technologies, reliability, and security
Next generation modems : a professional guide to DSL and cable modems
Networking bible
RNC interfaces I ub AND I ur
Managing mobile services : technologies and business practices
VoIP security
Skype(R) for dummies(R)
Product meaning, affective use evaluation, and transfer : a preliminary study
IP telephony services implementation in all-IP environment
Windows Phone 7 plain & simple : your easy, colorful, see-how guide to Windows Phone 7!
Electronics, computers and telephone switching : a book of technological history as Volume 2: 1960-1985 of "100 years of telephone switching"
TRAU support for NetHawk LAPD Server
Android phones for dummies
Call independent supplementary services in MSC
IP telephony protocols, architectures and issues
Cut the cord! : the consumer's guide to VoIP
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Reserved call queue with service oriented architecture
Architectural and algorithm transformations and their applications in mobile telecommunication systems
Chip and signature interleaving in DS CDMA systems
Comparison between different realisation methods of private exchange networks
Voice over ip security : a comprehensive survey of vulnerabilities and academic research
Essentials of UMTS
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
EDGE On the Road to 3G
Long term evolution of mobile networks
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Abstract: TRAU support for NetHawk LAPD Server.
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Spectrum sharing for future mobile cellular systems
The purpose of this thesis is to discuss the evolution of third generation mobile networks from certification laboratory point of view and to draw conclusions about affects of LTE to laboratory. Certification laboratory performs conformance testing to fulfill requirements set by certification scheme. Requirement consists of defined standards.3GPP is a standardization organization producing GSM/UMTS family standards, therefore this thesis deals with its creation and general structure as well as working group methods of standard creation processes. WCDMA technology development is handled in general and also with comparison to previous GSM technology networks in order to give a more comprehensive view to digital mobile systems. UMTS system architecture and LTE physical layer is highlighted due to the fact that it has a major impact to testing methods and processes. LTE Conformance testing specification is described in section level and conclusions of laboratory impacts are presented. Through this thesis work it became evident that due to the numerous changes in LTE network architecture, transmission schemes, physical channels and protocol stacks new type of test platforms are needed for the conformance testing purposes. Therefore certification laboratory needs to trigger multiple processes related to follow up vendor activities and to ensure staff competence in relations to new standard requirements.
Theoretical and methodological challenges of cross-cultural interaction design
Cisco IP telephony : a guide to successful planning, designing, implementation, and operation of the IP telephony network
LTE for 4G mobile broadband : air interface technologies and performance
UMTS radio network planning, optimization and QoS management for practical engineering tasks
It seems logical to argue that mobile computing technologies are intended for use “on-the-go.” However, on closer inspection, the use of mobile technologies pose a number of challenges for users who are mobile, particularly moving around on foot. In engaging with such mobile technologies and their envisaged development, we argue that interaction designers must increasingly consider a multitude of perspectives that relate to walking in order to frame design problems appropriately. In this paper, we consider a number of perspectives on walking, and we discuss how these may inspire the design of mobile technologies. Drawing on insights from non-representational theory, we develop a partial vocabulary with which to engage with qualities of pedestrian mobility, and we outline how taking more mindful approaches to walking may enrich and inform the design space of handheld technologies..
Developing a distributed simulation environment on a cluster of workstations
SDL implementation of the GSMś physical layer control
Abstract: Call independent supplementary services in MSC.
Augmented reality based user interface for mobile applications and services
Evolution of 3G networks : the concept, architecture and realization of mobile networks beyond UMTS
Wireless Internet access over GSM and UMTS
GSM switching, services and protocols
Long Term Evolution : 3GPP LTE radio and cellular technology
