http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4343 ministers
ministers
The British Prime Minister : a reader
Strategic political steering : exploring the qualitative change in the role of ministers after NPM reform
Jan Masaryk 1886-1986 : fragments at a jubilee
British political facts 1900-1967
Albert Speer : his battle with truth
Government ministers in the contemporary world
The point of departure
Correspondence between the Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the U.S.S.R. and the Presidents of the U.S.A. and the Prime Ministers of Great Britain during the Great Patriotic War of 1941-1945. 2, Correspondence with Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman (August 1941 - December 1945)
Dean Rusk : defending the American mission abroad
Heart of the hunter
Ministers and ministries : a functional analysis
My story
The price of loyalty : George W. Bush, the White House, and the education of Paul O'Neill
Arakcheev, Grand Vizier of the Russian Empire
Impact of council voting rules on EU decision-making
My hair on a hat shelf
Choice, not fate : the life and times of Trevor Manuel
Finnish women in top-level politics
Winston Churchills speeches : never give in!
Casimir Ehrnrooth : the general who made history : the true story
Killing for the company
The trial of Henry Kissinger
Liberal crusader : the life of Sir Archibald Sinclair
Biographies of the President and Vice-president of the Republic of Indonesia and the Ministers of the Fifth Development Cabinet
Prime minister Paavo Lipponen politics first, the pool second individualist
The private papers of John, Earl of Sandwich, First Lord of Admiralty : 1771-1782. Volume I, August 1770 - March 1778
The Chechen struggle : independence won and lost
Denis Healey : a life in our times
Behind the formal equality : Finnish women in state administration
The Second World War. Vol. 3, The grand alliance
Who's who in European politics
Indira : the life of Indira Nehru Gandhi
Juan de Ovando : governing the Spanish Empire in the reign of Phillip II
Who governs Southern Europe? : regime change and ministerial recruitment, 1850-2000
Locked in the cabinet
A long way down
Politiikan nappula. Season 3. = The thick of it
Jawaharlal Nehru : a biography
Correspondence between the chairman of the council of ministers of the U.S.S.R. and the president of the U.S.A. and the prime ministers of Great Britain during the great patriotic war of 1941-1945
Aneurin Bevan : a biography. 1, 1897-1945
Max Jakobson : Finnish diplomacy in the Cold War
Conclusion (s. 201-219).
In the stream of history : shaping foreign policy for a new era
Prisoner of the state : the secret journal of Zhao Ziyang
Nehru in Scandinavia
The Neville Chamberlain diary letters. Vol. 3, The heir apparent, 1928-33
Ministers at war : Winston Churchill and his war cabinet
Molotov remembers : inside Kremlin politics
Bidwell's guide to government ministers. Vol. 2, The Arab world 1900-1972
The accidental prime minister
An autobiography, with musings on recent events in India
Tasks and times : memoirs of Lee Tong Won, foreign minister who finalized the ROK-Japan normalization treaty
The private papers of John, Earl of Sandwich, First Lord of Admiralty : 1771-1782. Volume II, March 1778 - May 1779
Rumsfeld : his rise, fall, and catastrophic legacy
The Eurogroup : how a secretive circle of finance ministers shape European economic governance
The blast of war : 1939-1945
The Margaret Thatcher book of quotations
The origins of modern Russian education : an intellectual biography of Count Sergei Uvarov, 1786-1855
Tales of prime ministers in ancient China
Margaret Thatcher : the iron lady
The Second World War. Vol. 6, Triumph and tragedy
Léon Blum : from poet to premier
Sir Anthony Eden : the chronicles of a career
Dara's clever trap : a story from Cambodia
Goebbels : a biography
The Prime Minister : the office and its holders since 1945
Arik : the life of Ariel Sharon
Ministers as strategic political leaders? : strategic political steering after NPM reforms in Finland
Bidwell's guide to government ministers. Vol. 3, The British empire and successor states 1900-1972
Voting rules and budget allocation in an enlarged EU
Understanding prime-ministerial performance : comparative perspectives
Hard choices
Old men forget : the autobiography
Finnish 'undemocracy' : essays on gender and politics
Kissinger's shadow : the long reach of America's most controversial statesman
The stepmother
Mrs. Thatcher's minister : the private diaries of Alan Clark
MITI and the Japanese miracle : the growth of industrial policy, 1925-1975
John Foster Dulles : piety, pragmatism, and power in U.S. foreign policy
The memoirs of Count Witte
The Second World War. Vol. 2, Their finest hour
Killig for the company
Ministers, parties and coalition policies
Out of my past : the memoirs of count Kokovtsov
Diplomatic soldiering : Nigerian foreign policy, 1975-1979
Tempestuous journey : Lloyd George his life and times
Stresemann and the revision of Versailles
The impact of Council's internal decision-making rules on the future EU
Cabinets in Western Europe
The hollow crown : coutervailing trends in core executives
Madeleine Albright : a twentieth-century odyssey
An autobiography by Lord Morrison of Lambeth
The private papers of John, Earl of Sandwich, First Lord of Admiralty : 1771-1782. Volume III, May 1779 - December 1780
As a primary source of historical evidence and insight, it is difficult to overstate the value and importance of Neville Chamberlain's diary letters to his sisters: they represent the most complete and illuminating "insider" record of British politics between the wars. From 1915 Chamberlain wrote detailed weekly epistles to his sisters until his death in 1940; a confidential account of events covering the quarter of a century during which he stood at the very centre of Conservative and national politics. Beyond the fascination of the historical record of people and events, these letters are extremely valuable for the remarkable light they throw upon the personality and character of the private man lurking behind the austerely forbidding public persona.
If I lived my life again
Bibliography of Ludvigs Adamovičs
The private papers of John, Earl of Sandwich, First Lord of Admiralty : 1771-1782. Volume IV, 1781-1782
Battling for peace : memoirs
The profession of government minister in Western Europe
The prime minister in Canadian government and politics
Memoirs : the making of a Prime Minister 1916-64
The first ladies
Voting rules and budget allocation in the enlarged EU
Britain's Prime Ministers from Walpole to Wilson
Callaghan : a life
The torch I would hand to you : from speeches and addresses
Churchill : the life : an authorised pictorial biography
Bidwell's guide to government ministers. 1, The major powers and Western Europe 1900-1971
