http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4358 Mytilus edulis
Mytilus edulis blue mussel
Distribution and abundance of invertebrates causing fouling in power plants on the Finnish coast
Studies on cross-linking and protein-protein interactions of adhesive proteins from the blue mussel
Biochemical adaptations of Mytilus edulis L. on facultative anaerobiosis
Histological and parasitological studies of the blue mussel Mytilus edulis L.
Spatial variation in the abundance and growth of blue mussels along different gradients of wave exposure, depth and salinity
Population dynamics of blue mussels in a variable environment at the edge of their range
Blue mussel beds as biodiversity hotspots on the rocky shores of the northern Baltic Sea
Histopathological effects of environmental pollutants on the common mussel, Mytilus edulis L. (Baltic Sea), and their application in marine monitoring
Elevated concentrations of certain heavy metals: cadmium, lead, nickel, zink, copper, manganese and iron, were recorded from surface sediments close to two fish-farms at Nåtö, as were the concentrations of cadmium in liver, kidney, spleen and bile, of lead in kidney and spleen, of nickel in kidney and spleen, of zink in liver, kidney, gonads, spleen, of copper in liver, gonads, spleen, of manganese in kidney and gonads, of iron in spleen, of flounder, from Nåtö. For turbot only the concentrations of cadmium and copper in the kidneys, and of zink in gonads were noteworthy. In the soft tissue of Baltic clay-mussel elevated concentrations of cadmium were recorded from Nåtö Biological Station, lead, zink, copper, and iron, from both the station and the mouth of the former Nåtö sewage pipeline. Elevated concentrations of cadmium were recorded from soft tissue of blue-mussel from the Föglö fairway (close to the Föglö fish-farm), and from Kobbaklintar light-house island, where also the concentrations of manganese were notable, as were lead in mussels from the Nåtö Biological Station. Also for the cockle-mussel the concentrations of cadmium were elevated at Nåtö Biological Station. All flounders, however, were safe for e.g. human consumption.
A recent change in size distribution of blue mussels (Mytilus edulis) in the western part of the Gulf of Finland
Heavy metals in the coastal environment around Nåtö, Lemland (Åland Islands, Baltic Sea)
Biochemical effects of crude oil on the common mussel Mytilus edulis
Biological effects of contaminants in mussels (Mytilus trossulus) transplanted in northern Baltic Sea coastal areas
Grazing impact of Mytilus edulis L. and Dreissena polymorpha (Pallas) in the Gulf of Riga, Baltic Sea estimated from biodeposition rates of algal pigments
Effects, dynamics and management of okadaic acid in blue mussels, Mytilus edulis
Accumulation of cyanobacterial hepatotoxins and okadaic acid in mussel and fish tissues from the Baltic Sea
Predator-induced phenotypic plasticity in the marine mussel Mytilus edulis
The first observation of okadaic acid in Mytilus edulis from the Gulf of Finland
Spatial distribution and growth of the common mussel Mytilus edulis L. in the archipelago of SW-Finland, northern Baltic Sea
Population structure, growth and reproduction of the common mussel (Mytilus edulis L.) off the Island of Seili (SW Finland)
