http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4353 grandchildren
grandchildren
Hateship loveship
The stonecutter
"In the next installment of her graphic memoir series, Displacement, Knisley volunteers to watch over her ailing grandparents on a cruise. (The book's watercolors evoke the ocean that surrounds them.) In a book that is part graphic memoir, part travelogue, and part family history, Knisley not only tries to connect with her grandparents, but to reconcile their younger and older selves. She is aided in her quest by her grandfather's WWII memoir, which is excerpted. Readers will identify with Knisley's frustration, her fears, her compassion, and her attempts to come to terms with mortality, as she copes with the stress of travel complicated by her grandparents' frailty" --
The illuminations
The child who
The Mao case
Traditional African medicine and western medicine and infant health in Ghana
The little friend
The widower's tale
The drowning lesson
The Little friend
Paffy : a craft-kit for grandparents and their grandchildren
Fortune house
Really and truly : a story about dementia
Lovely old lion
Silent house : a novel
On the predictive value of the linguistic level and primary symptons confirmed in pre-school as regards subsequent school and linguistic performances
The horse dancer
A night in old Mexico
My grandfather would have shot me : a black woman discovers her family's Nazi past
Gus & me : the story of my granddad and my first guitar
The grandma hunt
Evolution of prolonged longevity in humans
A step in the dark
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
A heart-stopping debut thriller about a woman named Freedom, who will stop at nothing to save the daughter she only knew for two minutes and seventeen seconds. Call me what you will: a murderer, a cop killer, a fugitive, a drunk. There's a lot people don't know about Freedom Oliver. They know she works at the local bar. They know she likes a drink or two. What they don't know is that Freedom is not her real name. That she has spent the last eighteen years living under Witness Protection, after being arrested for her husband's murder. They don't know that she put her two children up for adoption, a decision that haunts her every day. Then Freedom's daughter goes missing, and everything changes. Determined to find her, Freedom slips her handlers and heads to Kentucky where her kids were raised. No longer protected by the government, she is tracked by her husband's sadistic family, who are thirsty for revenge. But as she gets closer to the truth, Freedom faces an even more dangerous threat. She just doesn't know it yet.
Travels in the scriptorium
Ben and Gran and the whole, wide, wonderful world
Grandparents : enjoying and caring for your grandchild
A history of infanticide in Britain, c. 1600 to the present
Children's rights : reality or rhetoric? : the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child : the first ten years
Grandparenting a child with special needs
Heroine of the desert
Think of the children
Golden earrings
The Saue manor-house : finding new programs
The rights of the child in Finland : second periodic report by Finland
Black or white
Understanding communication and aging : developing knowledge and awareness
Clay
A dictionary of mutual understanding
The stone boy
Freedom's child
The handbook of children's rights : comparative policy and practice
Grandparental investments and family dynamics in contemporary Europe
The memory cage
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Custodial grandparenting : individual, cultural, and ethnic diversity
The inheritance of loss
Abstract: Grandparental investments and family dynamics in contemporary Europe.
The amateur marriage
No thanks! I'm quite happy standing!
New times : new families
The boy
The good people
Intergenerational communication across the life span
Drowning girls in China : female infanticide since 1650
Abuela's weave
Goldbergs. Season 1, The complete first season
All along the river
"In a crumbling, isolated house at the foot of Mount Kanchenjunga in the Himalayas lives an embittered judge who wants only to retire in peace, when his orphaned granddaughter, Sai, arrives on his doorstep. The judge's cook watches over her distractedly, for his thoughts are often on his son, Biju, who is hopscotching from one gritty New York restaurant to another. Kiran Desai's brilliant novel, published to huge acclaim, is a story of joy and despair. Her characters face numerous choices that majestically illuminate the consequences of colonialism as it collides with the modern world." -- (Back Cover)
Old Bob's brown bear
Experience and the growth of understanding
Contesting childhood
Revenge of the mooncake vixen : a manifesto in 41 tales
The classic collection. Vol. III
Emma and Adam are doctors at the top of their fields and so when they are offered the chance to take their three children to Africa for a year for a research placement it seems like the opportunity of a lifetime. It's going to be an experience they'll never forget. But for all the wrong reasons. When Emma arrives home one night to the sickening sight of an empty cot, their family's dream adventure turns into their worst nightmare. Thousands of miles from home and from anyone who can help, they must discover the truth. Is this a random abduction, a tragic accident or something far more sinister?
The grandparents handbook : games, activities, tips, how-tos, and all-around fun
Contemporary grandparenting : changing family relationships in global contexts
Jack's big race
