http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4357 life management
life management
Abstract: Supporting Young People's Life Management with Game Technology.
Running & being : the total experience
How to unplug : get off your gadgets and start enjoying real life
♯Now : the surprising truth about the power of now
Introduction
The kundalini yoga experience : bringing body, mind and spirit together
The no spend year : how I spent less and lived more
SuperBetter : a revolutionary approach to getting stronger, happier, braver, and more resilient*
The $100 startup : fire your boss, do what you love and work better to live more
Examination of Goal Orientation, Sense of Coherence, and Motivational Climate as predictors of Perceived Physical Competence
Simple matters : living with less and ending up more
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
""If I could take what I've learned and make one menial job easier for you, or prevent you from having the kind of sex where you feel you must keep your sneakers on in case you want to run away during the act, then every misstep of mine was worthwhile. I'm already predicting my future shame at thinking I had anything to offer you, but also my future glory in having stopped you from trying an expensive juice cleanse or thinking that it was your fault when the person you are dating suddenly backs away, intimidated by the clarity of your personal mission here on earth. No, I am not a sexpert, a psychologist or a dietician. I am not a mother of three or the owner of a successful hosiery franchise. But I am a girl with a keen interest in having it all, and what follows are hopeful dispatches from the frontlines of that struggle."
Calm : calm the mind, change the world
The compound effect : multiplying your success : one simple step at a time
F*ck feelings : less obsessing, more living*
Money : master the game : 7 simple steps to financial freedom
The power of intention : learning to co-create your world your way
Awaken the giant within : how to take immediate control of your mental, emotional, physical & financial destiny!
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
Intentional living : choosing a life that matters
Escape everything!
How to deal with stress
From Lost to Leading
How The Secret changed my life : real people, real stories
Not that kind of girl : a young woman tells you what she's "learned"
No stress today with PSYCH-K : how to transform stress into vitality, peace and a stress-free fulfilling life
50 things you can do today to manage stress
Amerika : the man who disappeared
The pursuit of happiness : why are we driving ourselves crazy and how can we stop?
What can we do to live life wisely? You might think that the answer would be to think and reflect more. But this is not Valerie Tiberius's answer. On her view, when we really take account of what we are like - when we recognize our psychological limits - we will see that too much thinking and reflecting is bad for us. Instead, we need to think and reflect better. This means that we need to develop wisdom: we need to care about things that will sustain us and give us good experiences, we need to have perspective on our successes and failures, and we need to be moderately self-aware and cautiously optimistic about human nature. Further, we need to know when to think about our values, character, and choices, and when not to. A crucial part of wisdom, Tiberius maintains, is knowing when to stop reflecting and get lost in the experience. The Reflective Life also considers the issue of how to philosophize about how to live. A recent trend in moral philosophy has been toward what is sometimes called 'empirically informed ethics'. This methodology has not yet caught on in normative ethics, primarily because we cannot conclude anything about what ought to be the case from the facts about what is. Tiberius agrees that this leap should be avoided, but argues that empirical psychology can inform our philosophical theories in interesting ways.
Research on work-related stress
Dynamic theory of wellbeing : an impressionistic expedition
The situation is hopeless, but not serious : the pursuit of unhappiness
Economic analysis of active measures for those who are difficult to employ : Cases: highest-level increased pay subsidy and rehabilitative work activity
Small move, big change : using microresolutions to transform your life permanently
How should I live my life? : psychology, environmental science and moral traditions
What I know now : letters to my younger self
Willpower : the owner̕ s manual : 12 tools for doing the right thing
The society of timid souls, or, how to be brave
The 7 habits of highly effective people personal workbook
Business under fire : how Israeli companies are succeeding in the face of terror--and what we can learn from them
Provides tips, tricks, and skills to help young readers take control of their lives and make the journey to adulthood a fulfilling one
From a children's home towards independent life
Risk Assessment Procedures In Audit Planning : The case of Mazars Vietnam Co., Ltd
The mind gym : give me time
Simple matters : Living with less and ending up with more
Unrequited : women and romantic obsession
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
The urban monk : Eastern wisdom and modern hacks to stop time and find success, happiness, and peace
Most advice centers on what to do, or how to do it, and ignores the when of success. But exciting new research proves there is a right time to do just about everything, based on our biology and hormones. As Dr. Michael Breus proves in The power of when, working with your body's inner clock for maximum health, happiness, and productivity is easy, exciting, and fun. The power of when presents a groundbreaking new program for getting back in sync with your natural rhythm by making minor changes to your daily routine. After you've taken Dr. Breus's comprehensive Bio-Time Quiz to figure out your chronotype (are you a Bear, Lion, Dolphin or Wolf?), you'll find out the best time to do over 50 different activities. Featuring a foreword by Mehmet C. Oz, MD, and packed with fascinating facts, fun personality quizzes, and easy-to-follow guidelines, The power of when is the ultimate "lifehack" to help you achieve your goals.
How to stop worrying and start living
Highly intuitive people : 7 right-brain traits to change the lives of intuitive-sensitive people
Mindfulness for beginners : reclaiming the present moment - and your life
Getting to grips with Asperger syndrome : understanding adults on the autism spectrum
The power of when : discover your chronotype - and the best time to eat lunch, ask for a raise, have sex, write a novel, take your meds, and more
Advances in quality of life theory and research
The happiness track : how to apply the science of happiness to accelerate your success
The five side effects of kindness : this book will make you feel better, be happier & live longer
The little book of stress relief
Life lessons for loving the way you live : 7 essential ingredients for finding balance and serenity
Change your life in seven days
Change or die : the three keys to change at work and in life
The pressure principle : handle stress, harness energy, and perform when it counts
Stress at work : stress management
Giving an account of oneself
Beyond willpower : the secret principle to achieving success in life, love, and happiness
How to change your life : who am I and what should I do with my life?
Eat that frog! : 21 great ways to stop procrastinating and get more done in less time
Work simply : embracing the power of your personal productivity style
Wear your life well : use what you have to get what you want
Emotional balance : the path to inner peace and healing
Intentional changes : a fresh approach to helping people change
Women, food, and desire : embrace your cravings, make peace with food, reclaim your body
Eliminate the chaos at work : 25 techniques to increase productivity
Essentialism : the disciplined pursuit of less
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow, and finding your true purpose
Willpower : why self-control is the secret of success
Mindful parenting : find peace and joy through stress-free, conscious parenting
Kabbalah : the power to change everything
Book of chaos and harmony : get organized without stress
Living the 80/20 way : work less, worry less, succeed more, enjoy more
How to get what you want and want what you have
Lifeskills : a positive approach
The impersonal life
One thousand gifts : a dare to live fully right where you are
The surrender experiment : my journey into life's perfection
Risk savvy : how to make good decisions
Managing life with a memory disorder:the mutual processes of those with memory disorders and their family caregivers following a diagnosis
Confidence : The art of getting whatever you want
The success principles : how to get from where you are to where you want to be
"Burchard reveals that the main motive of humankind is the pursuit of greater Personal Freedom. We desire the grand liberties of choice--time freedom, emotional freedom, social freedom, financial freedom, spiritual freedom. Only two enemies stand in our way: an external enemy, defined as the social oppression of who we are by the mediocre masses, and an internal enemy, a sort of self-oppression caused by our own doubt and fear. The march to Personal Freedom, Burchard argues, can be won only by declaring our intent and independence, stepping into our personal power, and battling through self-doubt and the distractions of the day until full victory is won"--
Happier at home : kiss more, jump more, abandon a project, read Samuel Johnson, and my other experiments in the practice of everyday life
Let's assemble the pieces of life : tool for multi-vocational guidance
Do less, get more : guilt-free ways to make time for the things (and people) that matter
Executive summary (s. 9-20).
Leap year : how to make big decisions, be more resilient and change your life for good
Michelle McGagh has been writing about money for over a decade. You'd think that would make her a whizz with her own cash, right? Wrong! Spending with abandon and ignoring bank statements were her modus operandi. Just because she wasn't in serious debt, apart from her massive London mortgage, she thought she was in control. She wasn't. Then Michelle discovered minimalism and sold 80% of her belongings. This was the first step to reining in her finances, and the second was to apply minimalism to her spending habits with a year-long spending ban. The aim: to pay off a huge chunk of her mortgage. She pays her bills and she has a minimal budget for her weekly groceries and household essentials but otherwise Michelle doesn't spend any money at all. She is finding creative ways to get the things she needs, to travel and to still be able to enjoy her time. Not only has she saved money but she is happier: no longer feeling the desire to buy things all the time or feeling the pressure of being sold. Her relationship with money, with things, with time, with others has changed for the better. This book is perfect for people who are by no means badly off but who often find themselves desperately waiting for pay day and wondering how on earth they frittered away their salary, who spend over GBP650 a year on their daily latte, who pop into Tesco Extra for a pint of milk and come out with GBP20 of random shopping, who never read their bank statements and who would like to learn how to set themselves up for a better life, buy their own home or prepare for their children's future or retirement. The No Spend Year is honestly written and talks about money in an approachable and entertaining way. Interspersed throughout are really brilliant personal finance tips and life hacks about interest, mortgages, savings, spending less to help you live a more financially secure life too.
The 7 habits of happy kids
"Jenny Blake, bestselling author of Life After College and former career development program manager at Google, shows how to move into your next career phase by leveraging what you already do well.  Now, more than ever, we need to navigate career changes deftly and frequently. The average employee tenure in America is just four or five years, and even those job roles often change dramatically within that time frame. Our economy demands that we create dynamic careers based on creativity, innovation, and serving others. Careers aren't linear, predictable ladders; they're fluid trajectories that are fluid and entrepreneurial. No matter your age, bank account balance, or seniority, you need to be able to pivot into your next opportunity so you don't get left behind. Drawing from her own experience and those of other successful pivoters, Jenny Blake has created a four-step process that can teach anyone how to: identify existing strengths, interests, and experiences; find new opportunities and identify skills to develop without falling prey to paralysis by analysis; launch successfully in a new direction, while staying primed for the next move. This book is for anyone without an answer to the question, 'what's next?'. Whether you've hit a plateau in your perfect-on-paper job, you're considering taking on a new role in your current job, or you want to move to a new company or industry, one thing remains clear: career success depends on pivoting to Plan B (or C or D)"--
100 things to know before you grow up
Too big to ignore : the business case for big data
Seasonal psychophysiological stress of teachers related to age and aerobic fitness
The procrastination equation : how to stop putting things off and start getting things done
The wellness syndrome
F**ck it : do what you love
L'art de la simplicité : how to live more with less
Conditions supporting trust development in relation to the perceived risks in Finnish-Russian business relationships
Put your dream to the test : 10 questions that will help you see it and seize it
The highly sensitive person : how to thrive when the world overwhelms you
Kundalini : the essence of yoga
Are you fully charged? : the 3 keys to energizing your work and life
"Change your job to change your life. You no longer need to work nine-to-five in a big company to pay the mortgage, send your kids to school and afford that yearly holiday. You can quit the rat race and start up on your own - and you don't need an MBA or a huge investment to do it. The $100 Startup is your manual to a new way of living. Learn how to: earn as much as you would from a nine-to-five job but on your own terms, when and where you want; achieve that perfect blend of passion and income to make work something you love; take crucial insights from 50 ordinary people who started a business with $100 or less; spend less time working and more time living your life"--Publisher's description.
Eyes wide open : how to make smart decisions in a confusing world
The 4-hour work week
The motivation manifesto : 9 declarations to claim your personal power
Feng shui with attitude! : jump-start your joy
Pieces of my heart
COPING WITH ILLNESS & SPECIFIC CONDITIONS. 'A week after my 50th birthday and just as our family was about to move home, something happened that changed the way I looked at life. I spoke to others about how they rebuilt their shattered worlds after very different personal traumas, emerging stronger than before. I hope our experiences, together with the latest science on resilience, will help guide all those going through tough times. This book says that it's possible not just to survive them, but to thrive. To rise.' Renowned as a much-loved and highly respected journalist and broadcaster with thirty years' experience, Sian Williams has studied the impact of acute stress for many years and is also a trained trauma assessor. In RISE, she explores the science of resilience and growth after trauma, offers advice from the experts, and learns from those who have emerged from horrific experiences, feeling changed yet stronger, with a new perspective on their life, their relationships and their work.
The organized mind : thinking straight in the age of information overload
Stuffocation : Living More With Less
More time, less stress : how to create two extra hours every day
Love smart : find the one your want - fix the one you got
The body book : the law of hunger, the science of strength, the power of knowledge, and other ways to love your amazing body
Un-train your brain : a formula for freedom (from the neurons that hold you back)
The outcast
Let's assemble the pieces of life
How to talk to anyone : 92 little tricks for big success in relationships
Overwhelmed : work, love, and play when no one has the time
I'd change my life if I had more time! : a practical guide to living your dreams
Mind over medicine : scientific proof you can heal yourself
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
Pivot : the only move that matters is your next one
Hustle : the power to charge your life with money, meaning and momentum
Unemployed on the autism spectrum : how to cope productively with the effects of unemployment and jobhunt with confidence
Whispering winds of change : perceptions of a new world
Unlimited : how to build an exceptional life
Engaging NLP for Work
Starting out : essential steps to your dream career
Be happy : release the power of happiness in you
Starting to manage : how to prepare yourself for a more responsible role at work
Bull’s eye : the power of focus
Managing knowledge work and innovation
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
Rejection proof : how to beat fear and become invincible
Workflow Management : Models, Methods, and Systems
Mindfulness at work : turn your job into a gateway to joy, contentment and stress-free living
Narrating coping experiences of necessity entrepreneurs
The slightly dangerous book for wimps : acts of derring do for the faint-hearted
The 7 1/2 habits of highly humorous people
The brothers
Advice from a failure
Life strategies : doing what works, doing what matters
The 50th law
"From the worldwide bestselling author of Eat Pray Love: the path to the vibrant, fulfilling life you've dreamed of.  Readers of all ages and walks of life have drawn inspiration and empowerment from Elizabeth Gilbert's books for years. Now this beloved author digs deep into her own generative process to share her wisdom and unique perspective about creativity. With profound empathy and radiant generosity, she offers potent insights into the mysterious nature of inspiration. She asks us to embrace our curiosity and let go of needless suffering. She shows us how to tackle what we most love, and how to face down what we most fear. She discusses the attitudes, approaches, and habits we need in order to live our most creative lives. Balancing between soulful spirituality and cheerful pragmatism, Gilbert encourages us to uncover the "strange jewels" that are hidden within each of us. Whether we are looking to write a book, make art, find new ways to address challenges in our work,  embark on a dream long deferred, or simply infuse our everyday lives with more mindfulness and passion, Big Magic cracks open a world of wonder and joy"-- Provided by publisher
Behavioural economics saved my dog : life advice for the imperfect human
You are a badass : how to stop doubting your greatness and start living an awesome life
The power of focus : how to hit your business and financial targets with confidence and certainty
Offers techniques to stop and recharge, change thinking patterns, use meditation to focus and de-stress, and use the peace that comes from the resulting calmness to make key changes in your life and the world.
Fish! For life : a remarkable way to achieve your dreams
How to live a good life : soulful stories, surprising science and practical wisdom
Adolescent coping : theoretical and research perspectives
Women and girls with autism spectrum disorder : understanding life experiences from early childhood to old age
The reflective life : living wisely with our limits
The dance of life
Rise : a psychological and practical first-aid kit for overcoming adversity
Knowledge management supporting tricycle business strategy plan in Finland
Against the gods : the remarkable story of risk
Anger releasing
Time management 24/7 : how to double your effectiveness
How to do everything and still have time for yourself
When : the art of perfect timing
The space [within] : finding your way back home
The happiness of pursuit : finding the quest that will bring purpose to your life
The love key : how to unlock your secret powers and find true love
The miracle morning : the 6 habits that will transform your life before 8am
Big magic : creative living beyond fear
Better than before : what I learned about making and breaking habits : to sleep more, quit sugar, procrastinate less, and generally build a happier life
The secret to success
The gifts of imperfection : let go of who you think you're supposed to be and embrace who you are
Happiness : the science behind your smile
The art of extreme self-care
Trinny & Susannah : the survival guide : a woman's secret weapon for getting through the year
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Seven life lessons of chaos : spiritual wisdom from the science of change
Last night at the Lobster : [a novel]
Boundaries workbook : When to say yes how to say no to take control of your life
I am not a gangster : Fixer. Armed robber. Hitman. OBE
Rules of thumb : a life manual
Super genes : unlock the astonishing power of your DNA for optimum health and well-being
Choosing inner peace : conversations with the truth
Handbook for excelling at hockey and living smart
Missing out : in praise of the unlived life
The things you can see only when you slow down
Hustle is a step-by-step guide to breaking out of the monotony of the 9-5 lifestyle and making your dreams a reality. It lays out the tools you need to realise the work you enjoy and gain the confidence and motivation to be in charge of your own adventures. In a world where loyalty doesn’t translate into success learn how to get ahead and discover a more imaginative way of living.
In praise of slow : how a worldwide movement is challenging the cult of speed
Psychology, adjustment, and everyday living
