http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4356 life changes
life changes
New Ways of Organizing Work offers a broader understanding of changes to the way work is organized and the implications for relevant stakeholders. It brings together contributions from a well established group of international scholars to examine the nature and consequences of new ways of working. The book draws on studies of a variety of new forms of work, involving a diverse range of employees and drawing on experiences in a variety of countries. It includes three main empirical sections. The first focuses on different forms of work and working arrangements, stimulated by the use of technology, increased competitive pressure and media portrayal of work and working. In contrast to much other work in the field, a strong theme of this book is individuals' experiences of new ways of working. The second empirical section examines this theme with a specific focus on remote workers and their responses to new ways of working. Exploring contemporary trends towards increasing use of global teams, the third section examines the implications of distributed teams and the challenges for managing performance and knowledge transfer.
Life strategies : doing what works, doing what matters
Pictures of you
Breaking (up) point
"In a provocative, groundbreaking work, National Magazine Award&#173;-finalist Rebecca Traister, "the most brilliant voice on feminism in this country" (Anne Lamott), traces the history of unmarried women in America who, through social, political, and economic means, have radically shaped our nation.  For legions of women, living single isn't news; it's life.  In 2009, the award-winning journalist Rebecca Traister started All the Single Ladies--a book she thought would be a work of contemporary journalism--about the twenty-first century phenomenon of the American single woman. It was the year the proportion of American women who were married dropped below fifty percent; and the median age of first marriages, which had remained between twenty and twenty-two years old for nearly a century (1890-1980), had risen dramatically to twenty-seven.  But over the course of her vast research and more than a hundred interviews with academics and social scientists and prominent single women, Traister discovered a startling truth: the phenomenon of the single woman in America is not a new one. And historically, when women were given options beyond early heterosexual marriage, the results were massive social change--temperance, abolition, secondary education, and more.  Today, only twenty percent of Americans are wed by age twenty-nine, compared to nearly sixty percent in 1960. The Population Reference Bureau calls it a "dramatic reversal." All the Single Ladies is a remarkable portrait of contemporary American life and how we got here, through the lens of the single American woman. Covering class, race, sexual orientation, and filled with vivid anecdotes from fascinating contemporary and historical figures, All the Single Ladies is destined to be a classic work of social history and journalism. Exhaustively researched, brilliantly balanced, and told with Traister's signature wit and insight, this book should be shelved alongside Gail Collins's When Everything
The unnamed : a novel
The story of three women whose friendship will change their lives forever.
The secret of Orchard Cottage
The you I never knew
Avery Bardot steps off the plane in Rome, looking for a fresh start. She's left behind a soon-to-be ex-husband in Boston and plans to spend the summer with her best friend Daisy, licking her wounds and perhaps a gelato or two. When her American-expat friend throws her a welcome party on her first night, Avery's thrown for a loop when she sees Italian architect Marcello Bianchi - the man who got away. And now her past is colliding with her present, a present where she should be mourning the loss of her marriage and - hey, that fettuccine is delicious! And so is Marcello.
Three things you need to know about rockets
A leap of faith
Among the ten thousand things
Chocolate shoes and wedding blues
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
This is your life, Harriet Chance!
One for my baby
The only way is up
Europe's disappearing middle class? : evidence from the world of work
See me : a novel
The book of YOU : daily micro-actions for a happier, healthier you
The hidden cottage
"Sociology, Work and Industry has been restructured and updated throughout. It includes a newly written opening chapter which, in addition to explaining the distinctiveness of the sociological perspective, provides guidance on researching and analysing work practices and institutions. It will be essential reading for anybody studying the sociology of work, work organisations and industry."--BOOK JACKET.
The ice twins
The readers of Broken Wheel recommend
Adultery : a novel
Family tree
Tourism of tomorrow : travel trends and forces of change
The dog
In other rooms, other wonders
One day the shadow passed
The best exotic Marigold Hotel
Change your life in seven days
The ice queen : a novel
The second wife
A night in with Audrey Hepburn
Annie Harlow seems to have it all, a handsome husband and their fabulous life in Manhattan. But all of that is snatched away when she is involved is a life-changing accident. Awakening from a coma a year later, Annie finds that the life she knew has crumbled away. In the throes of grief, Annie grasps her new reality - she has to start over from scratch, which means heading home to the family farm. Annie couldn't wait to escape the small town where she grew up, but now she finds herself warming to the close-knit community and its homespun values. There's also a face from the distant past - Donovan Lynch - and all the reasons she's never quite forgotten him come flooding back. Annie expects to pull herself together and return to the city, but fate has other plans and she's about to discover why there really is no place like home...
The best job in the world : how to make a living from following your dreams
The snow kimono
Fat planet : The obesity trap and how we can escape it
Follow a star
Harper stared at her reflection in disbelief. Her instinct was to scream, because the woman staring back at her was unrecognisable, a bruised and bloody mess. But she didn’t scream, she didn’t dare, it would have hurt too much. She didn’t cry either. Her face was so painfully tender that she was scared to move even a muscle. Is it a good lesson to learn? she wondered. How could her marriage have come to this? How on earth did it end up this way?
Iron house
Cathie Kinrade is all too used to hardship. Growing up on the Isle of Man in the 1930s, she sees her da set sail daily on dangerous seas while her mam struggles to put food on the table. Cathie has little hope for her own future, until a chance encounter changes her fortunes for ever. Fiercely determined, Cathie leaves for Liverpool, a bustling modern city full of possibility. With a lively job as a shop girl in a grand department store, and a firm friend in kind-hearted Julia, Cathie has found her niche. But the discovery of an explosive secret could put everything at risk. And when love comes calling, Cathie's new friends fear that she may be set to trust the wrong man with her heart.
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
The wife who run away
Wife living dangerously
The inn at Rose Harbor : a novel
Thresholds
What makes you happy? : how small changes can lead to big improvements in your life
Leap year : how to make big decisions, be more resilient and change your life for good
Enchanted
A little life : a novel
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
Transit
The legacy of Lucy Harte
A special relationship
The mouseproof kitchen
Managing life with a memory disorder:the mutual processes of those with memory disorders and their family caregivers following a diagnosis
From Lost to Leading
Twisted
A baby at the beach cafe
Whispers through a megaphone
The scent of lemon leaves
Modernization, emigration and the family : the Finnish case
Implications of demographic ageing in the enlarged EU in the domains of quality of life, health promotion and health care : final report
In the old sun : a novel
The woman who upped and left
Ethnicity in the informal networks of older sunbelt migrants : a case study of the Finns in Florida
When she and her family move to Oregon, Maya discovers that the kids in a nearby apartment building perform magic and use portals to visit other worlds, a situation that is complicated by Maya's efforts to safeguard an alien.
Travis Parker has everything a man could want: a good job; loyal friends; his dream home in small-town North Carolina. In full pursuit of the good life, he believes that a serious relationship with a woman would only cramp his style. That is until Gabby Holland moves in next door. Despite Travis's attempts to be friendly, she seems to have a chip on her shoulder about him. But something compels Travis to get to know his new neighbour. His persistent efforts lead them both to make tough decisions, the consequences of which neither could have foreseen. The Choice confronts us with that most heart-wrenching question of all: how far would you go to keep the hope of love alive?
The shambling guide to New York City
Lightning
When Parker Banks moves with his family from London to New York, he struggles to adapt to his new school and environment. His scientist dad is constantly at work on a top-secret technological venture for a major corporation, when one day he is kidnapped. It is up to Parker, along with his deaf sister Emma, their friend Michael and the pet pig their father left behind, to find and rescue him.
Flirting with disaster
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
Life's turning points and generational consciousness
Summer at Shell Cottage
Un-train your brain : a formula for freedom (from the neurons that hold you back)
Springtime at Cherry Tree Cottage
The house in Quill Court
Just a girl, standing in front of a boy
Me before you
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Present over perfect : leaving behind frantic for a simpler, more soulful way of living
Heart and home
The no spend year : how I spent less and lived more
The out of office girl
Gardens of delight
The bloody English women of the Maison Puce
What the birds see
Michelle McGagh has been writing about money for over a decade. You'd think that would make her a whizz with her own cash, right? Wrong! Spending with abandon and ignoring bank statements were her modus operandi. Just because she wasn't in serious debt, apart from her massive London mortgage, she thought she was in control. She wasn't. Then Michelle discovered minimalism and sold 80% of her belongings. This was the first step to reining in her finances, and the second was to apply minimalism to her spending habits with a year-long spending ban. The aim: to pay off a huge chunk of her mortgage. She pays her bills and she has a minimal budget for her weekly groceries and household essentials but otherwise Michelle doesn't spend any money at all. She is finding creative ways to get the things she needs, to travel and to still be able to enjoy her time. Not only has she saved money but she is happier: no longer feeling the desire to buy things all the time or feeling the pressure of being sold. Her relationship with money, with things, with time, with others has changed for the better. This book is perfect for people who are by no means badly off but who often find themselves desperately waiting for pay day and wondering how on earth they frittered away their salary, who spend over GBP650 a year on their daily latte, who pop into Tesco Extra for a pint of milk and come out with GBP20 of random shopping, who never read their bank statements and who would like to learn how to set themselves up for a better life, buy their own home or prepare for their children's future or retirement. The No Spend Year is honestly written and talks about money in an approachable and entertaining way. Interspersed throughout are really brilliant personal finance tips and life hacks about interest, mortgages, savings, spending less to help you live a more financially secure life too.
With or without you
Family careers : developmental change in families
Doctoral studies in global time and change - female doctoral student and individual lifecourse in Finland
The more of less : finding the life you want under everything you own
Playing dead
The sari shop
The telling room : a story of love, betrayal, revenge, and the world's greatest piece of cheese
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
Three sisters
The homecoming
Conditions supporting trust development in relation to the perceived risks in Finnish-Russian business relationships
The world below
After you
I've got your number
The way we were
Chasing sunsets : [a novel]
A winter's tale
Promises, promises : be careful what you wish for
Sociology, work, and industry
Memory man
How to lose a husband and gain a life
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
If I stay
Leap without a net : leaving a job with no plan B
The longest ride
David Fisher has lived by the rules all his life. Born to a Mennonite family, he obeyed his father and took over the family farm, married, and had two children. Now with both his kids in college and his wife deceased, he runs his farm alone and without joy, counting off the days of his life half-lived. When gay Manhattan party boy Christie Landon heads to the country for a break, he decides to approach his neighbor, David, with a plan to share meals and grocery expenses. David agrees, and soon the odd couple finds they really enjoy spending time together. Christie brings out feelings in David he buried long ago, and if he can break free of the past, he might find a second chance at happiness.
The rose girls
Falling : a love story
Then and always
That girl from nowhere
Two years eight months and twenty-eight nights : a novel
Waiting for Doggo
The self-preservation society
Song of the skylark
All the single ladies : unmarried women and the rise of an independent nation
L. A. Candy
The choice
Major transitions in the human life cycle
Remember my name
Still life with bread crumbs
Executive coach and psychologist Marshall Goldsmith discusses the emotional triggers that set off a reaction or a behavior in us that often works to our detriment. Do you find that at times you suddenly become defensive or enraged by an idle comment from a colleague? Or that your temper rises when another car cuts you off in traffic? Your reactions don't occur in a vacuum. They are the result of emotional and psychological triggers that often happen only in specific settings -- at meetings, or in competitive situations, or with a specific person who rubs you the wrong way, or when you feel under particular pressure. Being able to recognize those triggers and understand how the environment affects our behavior is key to controlling our responses and managing others at work and in life. Make no mistake -- change is hard. And the starting point is the willingness to accept help, and the desire to change. Over the course of this book, Marshall explores the power of active questions to get us to take responsibility for our actions -- and our failure to act. Questions such as "Did I do my best to make progress toward my goal?" "Did I work hard at being fully engaged?" He discusses the importance of structure in effecting permanent change. Because, he points out, change is hard, and without a structure to keep us on track, we inevitably relapse and fall back. Filled with stories from Marshall's work with executives and leaders, Triggers shows readers how to achieve meaningful and sustained change that will allow us to open our imaginations and escape the rigidity of binary thinking.
New ways of organizing work : developments, perspectives and experiences
April Wilson is wondering what to do next - her life has been turned upside down after the loss of her husband so she's hoping to piece herself together again with a visit to her elderly great aunt, Edith. Arriving in the rural idyll of Tindledale, she's dismayed to find Edith's cottage and the orchard behind it in a sorry state of disrepair. Edith seems to have lost interest completely, instead she's become desperate to find out what happened to her sister, Winnie, who disappeared during WWII. April gets to work immediately, discovering that the orchard still delivers a bumper crop each year, and with the help of some of the villagers - including Matt, the enigmatic Farrier - begins to unravel the mystery of the missing Winnie. Slowly, April can feel things coming to life again - but can Orchard Cottage work its magic on her too?
The friends we keep
Chaos and order in the world of the psyche
Split second
Hardwiring happiness : the new brain science of contentment, calm, and confidence
Early life stress and later health : ‡b cardiovascular disease and general health among former war evacuees
Institutions and gatekeeping in the life course
The silk factory
The empathy problem
The living and the dead in Winsford
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
While recent studies have highlighted the phenomenon and risks of increased inequalities between the top and the bottom of society, little research has so far been carried out on trends relating to the median income range that generally represents the middle class. This volume examines the following questions: what are the main transformations in the world of work over the last 20 years in terms of the labour market, social dialogue and conditions of work, wages and incomes that may have affected the middle class? How has the middle class been altered by the financial and economic crisis? What are the long-term trends for the middle class in Europe? This volume also investigates the potential risks and effects of the reshuffling, or even weakening, of the middle class. On the social side, it explores the ramifications of further retrenchment of the European Social Model, which to a great extent has traditionally been funded by the middle class. On the economic side, the book investigates whether this process - especially from the perspective of consumption and human capital - is endangering the long-term sustainability of the current economic model. While presenting evidence of a definite erosion of the middle class, this book assesses the specific situation in each individual EU member state on the basis of detailed statistics and case studies of professional categories that traditionally represent the middle class. This book issues a timely warning about the latest trends and prospects for the middle class in Europe. On this basis, it presents policy considerations and options that will be useful to policy-makers for ensuring the future of the middle class in Europe. Scholars and researchers of European studies and social policy, especially from a sustainability perspective, will find this volume to be an invaluable reference.
A second harvest
The day the angel came
Dying to be me : my journey from cancer, to near death, to true healing
Don't. Trust. Anyone. It was supposed to be a fresh start. A chance to forget the past and embrace the future. But can you ever really start again? Or does the past follow you wherever you go...
A year of being single
The princess diaries
The history of Mr Polly
I moved your cheese : for those who refuse to live as mice in someone else's maze
Starlight on Willow Lake
The first last kiss
Breakfast at Darcy's
Living the 80/20 way : work less, worry less, succeed more, enjoy more
The girls of Mischief bay
The undomestic goddess
The first wife
Pivot : the only move that matters is your next one
Migratory animals
Because of the disaster that was her last job, Zoe is searching for a fresh start as a travel book editor in the tourist-centric New York City. After stumbling across a seemingly perfect position though, Zoe is blocked at every turn because of the one thing she can't take off her resume --- human. Not to be put off by anything -- especially not her blood drinking boss or death goddess coworker -- Zoe delves deep into the monster world. But her job turns deadly when the careful balance between human and monsters starts to crumble -- with Zoe right in the middle.
This is paradise
If they could see me now
"A guide not just for overcoming the obstacles that hold us back-but for using them for great benefit   The great Athenian orator Demosthenes was born with a crippling speech impediment and was robbed of his inheritance by cruel guardians. Samuel Zemurray was a poor roadside fruit peddler pitted against the behemoth United Fruit Company. Ulysses S. Grant found himself stuck across the Mississippi river, desperately trying to break into the impenetrable fortress of Vicksburg.  These icons and many others throughout history-from John D. Rockefeller to Amelia Earhart to Richard Wright to Steve Jobs-were often placed in nearly impossible situations that turned out to be the platforms for astounding triumphs. They were not exceptionally brilliant, lucky, or gifted. Their success in overcoming extreme obstacles was the result of a timeless set of philosophical principles that great men and women have always followed.  Now Ryan Holiday unpacks those lessons and reframes them for today's world, building on the wisdom of the ancient Stoics and a rich trove of examples. He shows us how to turn obstacles into advantages, through controlling our perceptions, swift and energetic action, and true force of will"--
No stress today with PSYCH-K : how to transform stress into vitality, peace and a stress-free fulfilling life
What about me? : the struggle for identity in a market-based society
Redemption song
Britt-Marie was here
The revised fundamentals of caregiving
A risk worth taking
The obstacle is the way : the ancient art of turning adversity to advantage
Rose Harbor in bloom : a novel
How to measure a cow
Across the bridge
The lake shore limited
Type A behaviour and life-events
"Jenny Blake, bestselling author of Life After College and former career development program manager at Google, shows how to move into your next career phase by leveraging what you already do well.  Now, more than ever, we need to navigate career changes deftly and frequently. The average employee tenure in America is just four or five years, and even those job roles often change dramatically within that time frame. Our economy demands that we create dynamic careers based on creativity, innovation, and serving others. Careers aren't linear, predictable ladders; they're fluid trajectories that are fluid and entrepreneurial. No matter your age, bank account balance, or seniority, you need to be able to pivot into your next opportunity so you don't get left behind. Drawing from her own experience and those of other successful pivoters, Jenny Blake has created a four-step process that can teach anyone how to: identify existing strengths, interests, and experiences; find new opportunities and identify skills to develop without falling prey to paralysis by analysis; launch successfully in a new direction, while staying primed for the next move. This book is for anyone without an answer to the question, 'what's next?'. Whether you've hit a plateau in your perfect-on-paper job, you're considering taking on a new role in your current job, or you want to move to a new company or industry, one thing remains clear: career success depends on pivoting to Plan B (or C or D)"--
In my sister's shoes
"A guide to overcoming adversity by drawing on the wisdom of the ancient Stoics"--
When the doves disappeared : a novel
This book will save your life
Is timing everything? : a longitudinal perspective on adult transitions, their antecedents, and psychological implications
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
The real Katie Lavender
One night at the call centre
Educating the global workforce : knowledge, knowledge work and knowledge workers
Triggers : sparking positive change and making it last
The summer I dared
