http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4362 cell phones
cell phones mobile phones
Connections : social and cultural studies of the telephone in American life
Product tracker : a formalised process of bringing product to market
Samsung Galaxy tabs for dummies
Masquerader detection in mobile context based on behaviour and environment monitoring
Tanzania Telecommunication Company Limited as a Mobile Service Provider
Test case generator
How people feel mobile communications effects their everyday life : people's reflections in Finland and in the USA
Mobile phones, identity and discursive intimacy
Power ramping analysis for mobile EGPRS
Adoption of innovations. Case local mobile payment
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
User interaction experiences on the touchscreen mobile device
Improvement of configuration management in market driven system product business
iPhone : the missing manual
Windows Phone 7 plain & simple : your easy, colorful, see-how guide to Windows Phone 7!
Service software use cases
Software architecture and reuse in the integration of data card and mobile phone software
Surface acoustic wave devices for mobile and wireless communications
Mobile Game Development, Mobile Market Insights and Animation Methods.
Analysis of Modem Integration in Open Source Smartphone Platforms
iPhone for programmers : an App-driven approach
Discussion board system with modality variation : from multi-modality to user freedom
Streaming MP3 player in WP7
Automated testing of mobile devices
The cell phone finds its niche
Segmenting the professional digital cellular market
Multi-element antennas for mobile communication systems : design, evaluation and user interactions
Utilization of mobile phone as pointing device
A study of implementing MP3-player in a mobile phone
Use of QR codes in Vamk
Tracing Mobile Concepts
Implementation of real-time low bit rate video decoder in Windows 95 environment
Effect of material properties on small internal handset antennas
Mobile Application for Online Contact Synchronization : Phone Contact Back Up Application
WCDMA radio network performance
Strategic processes and turning points in ICT business : case Nokia
A sampler of international media and communication statistics 2010
Ringtone mania! : Gold : customise your mobile!
Test Automation and Continuous Integration
AccesStories : magazine of Nokia Mobile Phones Accessory Unit
Integrated stereo audio amplifier in mobile phone / Matkapuhelimen integroitu stereo audiovahvistin
Cyber-bullying : issues and solutions for the school, the classroom and the home
The implementation of the mobile phone demonstrator user interface
Efficient Speaker Recognition for Mobile Devices
THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN BRAND ORIGIN AND BRAND EQUITY : Case Company: Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd
4G mobile & wireless communications technologies
NSE-3 GSM troubleshooting diagram, RF block
Display texts in first generation WAP-enabled mobile phones
Dynamically generated assembly blitter for S40 mobile phones
Proceedings of the Research Seminar on Telecommunications software ad hoc mobile wireless networks 28.11.2002
A message to your heart
A slow start at the beginning of the recycling chain : how to make consumers recycle their mobile phones?
Proceedings of the Mobile Location Workshop 2001 : June 7-8, 2001, Dipoli Congress Centre, Espoo, Finland
Managing customer issues through a support channel network
Smartphone intelligence : Tieto-X PLC interest group magazine
Designing a rake receiver for the common pilot channels in 3GPP
Theoretical and methodological challenges of cross-cultural interaction design
Mobile technology in Africa : the emergence and  indispensability of mobile phones
Designing shift calendar for mobile phone
Snake game in Windows Phone 7
Increasing reality for DTN protocol simulations
Teaching generation text : using cell phones to enhance learning
Measurements for transducers in mechanics
Cultural impact on international branding : a case of marketing Finnish mobile phones in China
Fuzz testing of the series 40 video software
Third generation mobile technology and its evolution towards fourth generation
Virtual Method : using the internet in user-centered design
Mobile phone customization work development and improvement
The operational environments of the Finnish and Swiss mobile operators
A Smartphone Company's Innovative Marketing Strategy in the Chinese Market : A case study of iPhone
Activity-based approach to green logistics : a comparative case study in mobile phone industry
Analysis of modem integration in open source smart phone platforms
Mobile phone harassment : an exploration of students' perceptions of intrusive texting behavior
In this bachelor`s thesis it is documented how a mobile phone goes through service point and how a mobile phone service works. The purpose of this thesis is to describe and to document how a service technician currently uses service software features and to give development ideas for software developers how a service software should work. In this thesis it is described when and what features are needed. The most used features are documented as use cases. Use cases are short stories that explain hod the users of the system and the system itself work together. Some features are also shown as flow charts. The most used features are software update and different tuning and testing functions. The service software is one of the most used tools in mobile phone service. It is very important the every feature acts quickly.
Txt-ing Selves : Cellphones and Philippine Modernity
iPhone 3G
Current Chinese Consumer Purchase Behaviour : Case: Shanzhai Mobile Phones
Capturing and uploading image, video or audio files to server with Flash Lite and APIBridge
Designing mobile communications devices for the south African market : an ethnographic study of the black south African culture
Marketing communication plan : case DNA Finland Ltd: how to gain more Russian prepaid subscription customers?
iPhone for dummies
HTML5 as a cross platform technology for the mobile application development
Millions of mobile phones - and counting
GPRS in wireless data : functioning and design of the network
Planning and optimization of 3G & 4G wireless networks
Phony equality : labour standards of mobile phone manufactures in India
Personalisation and basic product family : case AD/Monica
Display contact informations and locations in Google Maps with Flash Lite 3.1
This engineering project was commissioned by Nokia Corporation Ltd. The thesis were done for the DSP Software Section, which is developing DSP SW to 2G and 3G mobile phones. The aim of this graduation work was to find the differences between Phase2 and Phase3 architectures of TMS320C55x and extrapolate the effects of the differences to the assembly programming. The document produced should ease the upcoming migration process. The work was started by gathering manuals and with installing the necessary programs for both DSPs. The existing migration guidelines from Texas Instruments were studied. The search of differences was done by comparing information from manuals with each other. Also some assembly code was produced for testing purposes. Some of these programs were executed in the emulator, but most of these tests were executed in the simulators. Differences were found and the effects to the assembly programming were studied. Also some documentation errors were found from Texas Instruments manuals.
M-commerce adoption in Kajaani
SDL implementation of the GSMś physical layer control
ROM image creation improvements in S60 software integration
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
The Role of mobile phones in empowering rural residents : study in Katakwi district, Uganda
Development of "Buddy-Community" Mobile Service
Civility and the Cell Phone: What Would George Washington Say?
Eco-friendliness in the brand experience of high-tech products
Professional iPhone and iPad database application programming
Mobile network reception problems in low energy buildings : working group report
Measurement investigation for FM radio data system
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
Building customer's trust in mobile commerce context: A Qualitative study
Evolution of 3G networks : the concept, architecture and realization of mobile networks beyond UMTS
Extensions and applications of the A* algorithm
Empowering mobile art practice : a recontextualization of mobile and ubiquitous computing
GSM phone TX power and RSSI value measurement software
Phone book : a handy guide to the world's favourite invention
Automation of baseband signal verification measurements for mobile phones : Baseband-signaalien verifiointimittausten automatisointi matkapuhelimille
Foreign direct investment environment in Nigeria : a survey of the mobile telecommunication companies
Mobile technology, gender and development in  Africa, India and Bangladesh
Creating art with mobile phones in public spaces is an emerging form of artistic expression. This dissertation investigates the design of mobile art applications for creating and sharing interactive art experiences in public spaces. It explores new ways of deploying mobile and ubiquitous computing for art making that fosters creativity and community. This is done by developing a series of novel prototype applications, with a focus on multimodal interfaces, that are put into use in authentic environments for validation by real people. The results of this research inform future design of new forms of artistic and social activity that may eventually become everyday actions of creative expression and exploration.
Bluetooth interoperability : mobile phone user`s perspective
Windows Phone 7 application development for dummies
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
Sensor-based context recognition for mobile applications
Wireless Control System for an Industrial Robot
Leather and artificial leather in mobile phone covers
Movies in Finnkino theatre's
The Camera phone book : how to shoot like a pro, print, store, display, send images, make a short film
Mycomob : a mobile phone application and web community
Abstract: Automated testing of mobile devices.
A study of TD-CDMA and WCDMA radio network enhancements
IMPACT OF A BRAND ON CONSUMER DECISION MAKING PROCESS
Ringtone mania! : customise your mobile!
Mobile phone testing in 2G and 3G networks
Creating image gallery with Flash Lite and APIBridge
SMS based Android asset tracking system
Mobile communication and work practices in knowledge-based organizations
Picasa image gallery with JSON in WP7
Ways of walking : understanding walking's implications for the design of handheld technology via a humanistic ethnographic approach
The mobile revolution : the making of mobile services worldwide
Mobile messages : young people and a new communication culture
Hardware for memory test bench
Abstract. This thesis work is an implementation of a wireless control system for Industrial robot: a Mitsubishi MOVEMASTER RV-E3J industrial robot which has a SONY EVI-D30 camera device attached nearby to provide a real-time video feedback   to the operator. The purpose is also to get acquainted with the related   technologies needed for the implementation of this thesis work. The fields   covered are in telecommunications, multimedia, networking, telerobotic and   programming.   The software development tool used in this thesis work is the Qt Framework   development tools for Windows and the Symbian platform. One application   developed in this thesis work is acting as the desktop application which runs   on the Windows operating system, while another application installed on a   smartphone runs on the Symbian operating system.   The main idea of the project was to develop a wireless control system for the   Mitsubishi RV-E3J industrial robot, and controlling the robot wirelessly from a   smartphone. The smartphone' s can send commands to the industrial robot to   control its movement.   The second main idea of this thesis was to get a visual feedback from the   standby camera to the smartphone through video streaming, the operator from   the mobile phone can control the movement of the camera and at the same   time get visual feedback from the camera which is positioned next to the robot   and it transmits a real-time video output showing the robot's actions.   Most importantly it is very necessary for the robot's movement to be within a   specific area and the working environment must be safe from an accidental   damage caused by the robot.   This Bachelor's thesis work was done in the Computer Laboratory of Raahe School of Engineering and Business.
Radio Data System in a cellular phone = Radio Data System osana matkapuhelinta
Internationalisation pressure of Finnish mobile telecommunications operators : What kind of internationalisation impulses do Finnish operators experience? Case DNA
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
The Photo Viewer Application
Interface process description between RF and DSP in product projects
Geographic personal data, its privacy protection and prospects in a location-based service environment
Grounding the innovation of future technologies
M-Commerce Adoption in Kajaani
Memory management in EPOC
Summary in Chinese.
Development of test case library for service aware charging and control
The new media and heterotopic technologies in the Philippines
The Wireless Application and Development Built on Java 2 Platform, Micro Edition
Location-sensitive intelligent radio resource management and its application in wideband code division multiple access mobile systems
Evaluation of boundary-scan in testing of mobile phones
Test automation in customized series 60 mobile phone software
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Enquiry about the use of and need for mobile telephones serving the future development of the mobile telephone networks
Troubleshooting the NSE-3, baseband
Mobile solutions and the construction industry : is it a working combination?
iPhone for programmers : an app-driven approach
Product meaning, affective use evaluation, and transfer : a preliminary study
Reducing SAR values of small internal monopole antenna of handset
Weather in Windows Phone 7
Employees app with XML parsing and messaging in WP7
How cell phones get with the latest trends
Image capture system for digital camera module testing
Towards a sociology of the mobile phone
Testing of S60 search applicaton
Mobile phones tap in to future markets
Finnish cultural discourses about mobile phone communication
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Nokia 3310 GSM mobile phone
Webshop Optimization for Mobile Devices
NMP bus architecture study for anabling a modular design style
Mobile phone revolution in the tundra? : Technological change among Russian reindeer nomads
Using DSP16A evaluation board in development of digital mobile phone
Principles of EMC design in switched mode power supplies
Always on : language in an online and mobile world
Creating an Interesting Places application - take and share media in WP7
Assembly code migration from LEAD3 phase2 to phase3
WIRECOM : wireless communication devices and human health : national research programme into the health effects of mobile phones : final report
Enterprise Service Book Application for Multiple Mobile Platforms
Application specific integrated passive circuits
Proceedings of the First International Mobile IPR Workshop : rights management of information products on the mobile internet, August 27-28, 2003, Helsinki, Finland
It seems logical to argue that mobile computing technologies are intended for use “on-the-go.” However, on closer inspection, the use of mobile technologies pose a number of challenges for users who are mobile, particularly moving around on foot. In engaging with such mobile technologies and their envisaged development, we argue that interaction designers must increasingly consider a multitude of perspectives that relate to walking in order to frame design problems appropriately. In this paper, we consider a number of perspectives on walking, and we discuss how these may inspire the design of mobile technologies. Drawing on insights from non-representational theory, we develop a partial vocabulary with which to engage with qualities of pedestrian mobility, and we outline how taking more mindful approaches to walking may enrich and inform the design space of handheld technologies..
Sensors in Smartphones
Postmodernity and mobile communications
Evaluation of web-based implementation for O&M functionality in mobile core network
'That's modern life for you' : mobile communication in the everyday life of children and teenagers in Finland
Indoor radio planning : a practical guide for GSM, DCS, UMTS, HSPA and LTE
A study of mobile phone 'buyer behavior' in England and Finland
Wireless control system for an industrial robot
The Use of Modern Communication Mediums for Customer Base Expansion in the Banking Sector of Pakistan
Charging and TDMA noise in mobile terminals
Gender and the telephone : voice and emotions shaping and gendering space
New Technology and Optimization of Mobile Phone Battery
Design and implementation of onboard camera API for Symbian operating system
iPad & iPhone user : e-lehti
