http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p436 pollution
pollution
Man and the Baltic Sea. Part I & Part II
Persistent organic pollutants in Asia : sources, distributions, transport and fate
Caohai Dianchi Lake Water Pollution Control Plan
Environmental technologies handbook
Man and his environment : the effects of pollution on man
End game : tipping point for planet Earth?
Seas and oceans
Finnish 2002 inventory of HFC, PFC and SF6 emissions
The quality of pied flycatcher (Ficedula hypoleuca) and great tit (Parus major) females in an air pollution gradient
Environmental engineering : principles and practice
Assessment of CO2 fluxes and effects of possible climate changes on forests in Estonia
Scots pine needle longevity and other shoot characteristics along pollution gradients
The state of the marine environment
Diffuse pollution : an introduction to the problems and solutions
Environmental pollution and the market
Fate and transport of POPs in the aquatic environment : with focus on contaminated sediments
Microbiological indicators of soil pollution in boreal forest ecosystems with special reference to the soil respiration of the humus layer
It is estimated that roughly 1000 new ecological and environmental models join the ranks of the scientific literature each year. The international peer-reviewed literature reports some 20,000 new models spanning the period from 1970-2010. Just to keep abreast of the field it is necessary to design a handbook of models that doesn't merely list them, but rather draws the state-of-the-art development of models for ecosystem and environmental management. Published first in 1996, Handbook of Models Applied in Ecosystem and Environmental Management applies precisely this approach to review current m.
Urban climate observations in Helsinki
Environmental Life Cycle Assessment: Measuring the Environmental Performance of Products
Essential atlas of ecology
20th Annual Report 2011 : Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution : International Cooperative Programme on Integrated Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Ecosystems
Mercury as an environmental pollutant
Remediation of soils contaminated with metals
Air pollution
Handbook of ecological models used in ecosystem and environmental management
Bioremediation of Heavy Metals by using the Microalga Desmodesmus Subspicatus
Impacts of ozone pollution on food security in the UK : a case study for two contrasting years, 2006 and 2008
Environmental pollution. Ser. B, Chemical and physical
Updating of data concerning the impact on the aquatic environment of certain dangerous substances, second part. Part 2, Chlorinated benzenes
Interim report on the state of the coastal waters of the Baltic Sea
Exposure assessment of animals to sediments contaminated by pulp and paper mills
Marine litter in the Baltic Sea Region : assessment of the marine litter problem in  the Baltic region and priorities for response
Environmental occurrence and fate of semifluorinated n-alkanes and perfluorinated alkyl acids present in ski waxes
Optimal pollution, optimal population, and sustainability
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
Lal's commentaries on water and air pollution laws
Remediation of contaminated soils : methods and implementations
Chemical consequences : environmental mutagens, scientist activism, and the rise of genetic toxicology
Environmental science : active learning laboratories and applied problem sets
Fine particles in urban air : exposure and cardiovascular health effects
Ecology and environmental ethics : green wood in the bundle of sticks
The state of the arctic environment : reports
Industrial environmental management : a practical handbook
Performance of pine sawflies under elevated tropospheric ozone
The drought
Probabilistic modelling of PM[sup2.5] exposures in the working age population of Helsinki metropolitan area
Conservation et restauration des biens culturels : Preservation and restoration of cultural heritage
Comprehensive Renovation Plan for Water Environment of Lujiabang River : Shanghai, China
Prospects for cost-efficient water protection in the Baltic Sea
The pollution of lakes and reservoirs
Pollutant effects in freshwater : applied limnology
Bis-phenol A: orgin, fate, dilemma and the effects of increased background organics on its adsorption by powdered activated carbon
Environmental quality and water development
Soils and the environment : an introduction
Gard handbook on protection of the marine environment
Ozone pollution : a hidden threat to food security :report prepared by the ICO Vegetation
Pollution and freshwater fish
Making trouble: fighting for fair trade jewellery
Informing and action plan: deteriorated air quality
Finnish wind data management and usage for Gauss modeling with SoundPlan-7.2 software
Behavioural responses to anthropogenic disturbances
23rd Annual Report 2014 : Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution : International Cooperative Programme on Integrated Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Ecosystems
The many
Environmental pollution. Series A, Ecological and biological
Environmental impact of stratospheric flight : biological and climatic effects of aircraft emissions
On-line coupling of pressurised hot water extraction and microporous membrane liquid-liquid extraction with chromatography in analysis of environmental samples
Green building business : target country: India
Cleanup criteria for contaminated soil and groundwater
Environmental risk assessment : quantitative measures, anthropogenic influences, human impact
Handbook of pollution prevention and cleaner production. 2, Best practices in the wood and paper industries
Veniceland Atlantis : the bleak future of the world's favourite city
Organic substances in soil and water : natural constituents and their influence on contaminant behaviour
Air pollution. 3, Sources of air pollution and their control
Updating of data concerning the impact on the aquatic environment of certain dangerous substances, second part. Part 4, Chloroanilines
Handbook of Ecological Models used in Ecosystem and Environmental Management
Nonpoint pollution and urban stormwater management
Cities and nature
Nitrogen and phosphorus losses from a feedlot for suckler cows
Salmonella infections acquired abroad and detected in Finland, 1995-2009
Mosses, epiphytic lichens and tree bark as biomonitors for air pollutants : specifically for heavy metals in regional surveys
Providing inexpensive drinking water treatment solutions for developing countries - a case study on Luanda, Angola
Handbook of environmental management and technology
A guide to marine pollution : Seminar in conjunction with the FAO technical conference on marine pollution and its effects on resource and fishing
Current status of the Baltic Sea
Environmental mortality and long-run growth
Oceans in peril : protecting marine biodiversity
Effects of atmospheric pollutants on forests, wetlands and agricultural ecosystems
Characterisation and source identification of pollution episodes caused by long-range transported aerosols
Towards Baltic Sea Citizenship : experiences in public involment
The effect of clinoptilolite on 137Cs binding in broiler chickens
Updating of data concerning the impact on the aquatic environment of certain dangerous substances, second part. Part 3, Chloronitrobenzenes and 4-chloro-2-nitroaniline
Models for analyzing agricultural nonpoint-source pollution
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
Bioremediation of Contaminated Soil Containing Crude Oil
Regulations to control ozone depleting substances : a guidebook
Clean air
Effects of offshore petroleum operations on cold water marin mammals : a literature review
Environmental pollution. Ser. A, Ecological and biological
First Baltic Sea pollution load compilation
Air pollution deaths in Europe 2020 : a survey
Air quality in Europe : 2015 report
Variation of Air Pollutant Concentrations in Residential Areas of the Helsinki Metropolitan Region
Radioactivity in the Baltic Sea 1992-1998
Joint Polish–Finnish sampling of surface waters around the phosphogypsum waste stacks in Gdańsk and Police from 1 to 3 July 2013 : results of the expedition
The effects of copper exposure on life-history traits in insects
Workshop on persistent organic pollutants (POPs) in the Arctic : human health and environmental concerns : proceedings of the workshop, Rovaniemi, 18-20 January 2000
Passive sampling in monitoring of nonylphenol ethoxylates and nonylphenol in aquatic environments
Development of Natural Gas Hydrate
Measured and simulated effects of sophisticated drainage techniques on groundwater level and runoff hydrochemistry in areas of boreal acid sulphate soils
Water : life in every drop
Air and water pollution : proceedings of the Summer Workshop August 3 to August 15, 1970, University of Colorado
Environmental Life Cycle Assessment is an introductory college level textbook on the science of Life Cycle Assessment. It provides materials for a full year of study. Over thirty LCA experts were brought together by the American Center for Life Cycle Assessment, with full redundant editing to provide a consistent and comprehensive coverage of this broad field of study. Exercises are provide for each topic, covering everything from the nuts and bolts of the science to issues such as ethics and communication. Students using this textbook need only practical experience (as can be provided in lab courses) to be able to sit the exam for Life Cycle Assessment Certified Professionals.
"The concepts of purity and pollution are fundamental to the worldview reflected in the Hebrew Bible yet the ways that biblical texts apply these concepts to sexual relationships remain largely overlooked. Sexual Pollution in the Hebrew Bible argues that the concept of pollution is rooted in disgust and that pollution language applied to sexual relations expresses a sense of bodily contamination resulting from revulsion. Most texts in the Hebrew Bible that use pollution language in sexual contexts reflect a conception of women as sexual property susceptible to being "ruined" for particular men through contamination by others. In contrast, the Holiness legislation of the Pentateuch applies pollution language to men who engage in transgressive sexual relations, conveying the idea that male bodily purity is a prerequisite for individual and communal holiness.Sexual transgressions contaminate the male body and ultimately result in exile when the land vomits out its inhabitants. The Holiness legislation's conception of sexual pollution, which is found in Leviticus 18, had a profound impact on later texts. In the book of Ezekiel, it contributes to a broader conception of pollution resulting from Israel's sins, which led to the Babylonian exile. In the book of Ezra, it figures in a view of the Israelite community as a body of males contaminated by foreign women. Yet the idea of female pollution rooted in a view of women as sexual property persisted alongside the idea of male pollution as an impediment to holiness. Eva Feinstein illuminates why the idea of pollution adheres to particular domains of experience, including sex, death, and certain types of infirmity. Sexual Pollution in the Hebrew Bible allows for a more thorough understanding of sexual pollution, its particular characteristics, and the role that it plays in biblical literature"--
Green profits : the managers handbook for ISO 14001 and pollution prevention
Explorations in environmental and natural resource economics : essays in honor of Gardner M. Brown, Jr
Dense chlorinated solvents and other DNAPLs in groundwater : history, behavior, and remediaton
"Sexual Pollution in the Hebrew Bible examines the Hebrew Bible's use of pollution language to characterize sexual relationships. Eva Feinstein argues that descriptions of female pollution reflect a view of women as sexual property, while descriptions of male pollution relate to Israel's holiness. The book enables a more thorough understanding of sexual pollution, its particular characteristics, and the role that it plays in biblical literature"--
The handbook of groundwater engineering
Green ships - eco shipping - clean seas : the 12th Annual General Assembly, International Association of Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland, 12-14 June 2011
The adverse health consequences of air pollution are of concern currently and there is a fear that these consequences escalate along with economic growth. The effect of economic growth on air pollution deaths is analyzed in Denmark, Finland, and Sweden by applying the Environmental Kuznets Curve approach, according to which economic growth has competing effects on air pollution and related deaths. On the one hand, emissions tend to increase as the scale of economic activity increases, but on the other hand, consumers and firms in richer countries use cleaner goods and adopt cleaner technologies. In Denmark and Finland, the latter effects are stronger, while in Sweden the opposite is true. Therefore, air pollution deaths will decrease in Denmark and Finland but increase in Sweden. Since country's own emissions do not determine air pollution completely, the paper briefly analyzes emissions from the Baltic countries and Russia. .
Assessment of aquatic pollution, remedial measures and juridical obligations of an acid sulphate soil area in western Finland
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran contamination of sediments and photochemical decontamination of soils
The atlas of global conservation : changes, challenges and opportunities to make a difference
The state of the environment in Asia 2005/2006
Characterisation of radioactive particles in the environment using advanced techniques = Karakterisering av radioaktive partikler i miljøet ved hjelp av avanserte teknikker
Proceedings of the SCOPE Workshop on Soil and Groundwater Pollution : fundamentals, risk assessment and legislation, Cesky Krumlov, Czech Republic, June 6 and 7, 1994
Barrier systems for environmental contaminant containment and treatment
Toxic substances in the environment
Protecting habitats
Superfrog and the big stink
Climate change, arctic change : law and policy
Investigating the performance of the trickling filters at the Bugolobi Sewage Treatment Plant
Large waterborne epidemic in Pirkanmaa, Finland 2007 : Study on disease burden, health consequences and health-economic costs
Demonstrating the environmental issues of developing countries through mathematic procedures
Short-term heart rate dynamics : methodology and novel applications
Environmental chemistry : green chemistry and pollutants in ecosystems
Atmospheric pollution : its history, origins and prevention
American environmental policy : the failures of compliance, abatement and mitigation
Scared to death : from BSE to global warming - how scares are costing us the earth
Human and ecological risk assessment : theory and practice
Superfrog and the big stink!
Fundamentals of ecotoxicology : the science of pollution
Mercury contamination : a human tragedy
Ecology of a changing planet
Assessment 2007 : oil and gas activities in the Arctic - effects and potential effects. Volume 2
Waste management : concerns and challenges
Silent snow : the slow poisoning of the Arctic
Introduction to environmental forensics
Environmental toxicology : biological and health effects of pollutants
Air pollution : proceedings of the United States Technical Conference on Air Pollution
Biology and ecology of Norway spruce
Retrospective Study of Effects of Air Pollution on Human Health
Efficient reduction of indoor exposures : health benefits from optimizing ventilation, filtration and indoor source controls
Air Pollution Mortality in Denmark, Finland, and Sweden
Marine litter in the Baltic Sea Region : assessment and priorities for response
Rural methods to mitigate arsenic contaminated water
Tokyo mew mew. Vol. 2
Air quality in Europe : 2014 report
Improving biodegradation of VOCs in soil by controlling volatilization
Ecological and ultrastructural responses of Scots pine mycorrhizas to industrial pollution
Environmental engineering. [Vol. 1], Water, wastewater, soil and groundwater treatment and remediation
Environmental geochemical baseline mapping in Europe : abstracts of the 2nd Conference Vilnius, Lithuania, September 1-4, 1999.
Second periodic assessment of the state of the marine environment of the Baltic Sea, 1984-1988 : background document
Environmental law in Norway
Fate and effects of sediment-bound chemicals in aquatic systems : proceedings of the 6th Pellston workshop, Florissant, Colorado, August 12-17, 1984
Responses of mustard (Brassica campestris) and rice (Oryza sativa) cultivars to tropospheric ozone in India : results from EDU treatments
Effects of copper and nickel subarctic scots pine needles
Ocean dumping of industrial wastes
Environmental pollution : health and toxicology
There is emerging evidence that environmental degradation increases human mortality. This paper provides a long-run consumer optimization model in which mortality is endogenous to emissions generated by production. Emissions are assumed to follow the EKC path, first rising and then falling along with output. In the optimum, some deaths are accepted as an exchange for consumption. The model is estimated for the European outdoor air pollution data, showing that Europe has reached the downward sloping segment of the EKC. Economic growth will thus decrease rather than increase air pollution and the associated deaths in most countries in Europe.
"A thought-provoking investigation of an urgent issue facing American communities today, Edward C. Lorenz's book examines the intersection of corporate irresponsibility and civic engagement. At the heart of this case study is a group of firms responsible for seven of the most contaminated Superfund sites in the United States, the largest food contamination accident in U.S. history, stunning stock and financial manipulations, and a massive shift of jobs offshore. In the face of these egregious environmental, employee, and investor abuses, several communities impacted by these firms organized to confront and combat failures in corporate and bureaucratic leadership, winning notable victories over major financiers, lobbyists, and indifferent or ineffective government agencies. A critical analysis of public and private leadership, business and economic ethics, and civic life, this book concludes with a stirring blueprint for other communities facing similarly overwhelming opposition"--
Global effects of environmental pollution : a symposium organized by the American association for the advancement of science, held in Dallas, Tex., Dec. 1968
Air pollution levels and abundance of forest insects
Nutrient pollution to the Baltic Sea in 2000
Investigating pollution and conservation
Drinking water hazards : how to know if there are toxic chemicals in your water and what to do if there are
Review of progress at industrial hot spots
The chemistry and deposition of nitrogen species in the troposphere
Principles of environmental toxicology
Wastewater treatment in constructed wetlands with horizontal sub-surface flow
Reducing particulate emissions in traffic and transport
Assessing industrial pollution by means of environmental samples in the Kemi-Tornio region
Civic empowerment in an age of corporate greed
Updating of data concerning the impact on the aquatic environment of certain dangerous substances, second part. Part 1, Benzene, ethylbenzene and isopropylbenzene
Positive pollutions and cultural toxins : waste and contamination in contemporary U.S. ethnic literatures
21st Annual Report 2012 : Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution : International Cooperative Programme on Integrated Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Ecosystems
Automobiles and pollution
Introduction to marine pollution control
To sustain in a stressed environment : a study of soil Collembola
Optimal pollution, endogenous population, and sustainability
Emissions into air by industry
Emissions of NOx from baltic shipping and first estimates of their effects on air quality and eutrophication of the Baltic Sea
Air pollution and Eriocrania miners : observed interactions and possible mechanisms
Development possibilities in municipal energy sector in Russia
Environmental law stories
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
The Arctic nuclear challenge
The biology of pollution
V Kasvitieteen Päivät : Kuopio, May 23-24, 1996 = 5th Meeting of Finnish Plant Scientists
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions : characterization and comparison to other combustion units
Need for integrated policy oriented national research programmes: the second phase (1995-2001) of the Dutch National Research Programme on Global Air Pollution and Climate Change NRP
State of the world 2002 : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
Air and water pollution control : a benefit-cost assessment
Development Possibilities in Municipal Energy Sector in Russia
Geochemistry and water quality of Lake Qarun, Egypt
Deep trouble : the hidden threat of groundwater pollution
Water pollution
Abatement costs for agricultural nitrogen and phosphorus loads : a case study of crop farming in south-western Finland
Don't cry, Tai lake : an Inspector Chen novels
Air pollution control : guidebook for management
Breathe
Still waters : report
Metals in the environment : analysis by biodiversity
Bioindicator systems for soil pollution
Contaminated Soil '93 : Fourth International KfK/TNO Conference on Contaminated Soil, 3-7 May 1993, Berlin, Germany. Volume I
The biology of polluted waters
Impact of oil and related chemicals and wastes on the marine environment
Getting ready! : a study of national governance structures for REDD+
Environmental geochemical atlas of the Central Barents Region
Anthropogenic changes in Finnish lakes during the past 150 years inferred from benthic invertebrates and their sedimentary remains
Natural Organic Matter in Water : Characterization and Treatment Methods
Reactive transport in soil and groundwater : processes and models
Atmospheric pollution : its origin and prevention
Microbial contaminants : proceedings of a COMETT course November 11-12, 1991 and June 9-10, 1992 Espoo and Helsinki, Finland
Harvesting strategy and N fertilization influence 134Cs uptake by forage plants
A Fuel Cell Application and Beijing Air Pollution Control
19th annual report 2010 : Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution : International Cooperative Programme on Integrated Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Ecosystems
Improvement of energy efficiency and municipal energy systems in Russia has been a goal for a number of different development projects. Most of the projects have been aimed to achieve better energy efficiency with some technical improvements. But the energy efficiency and quality of energy services has improved very little if at all. It is essential to understand the importance of the whole energy system and system level planning. Most of the energy losses and lowered efficiency as well as poor quality have been caused in system level. It is impossible to achieve the good results with increased quality of some independent equipment. This is because most of the losses and inefficiency is caused on system level planning errors and poor quality systems.     The overall efficiency in municipal energy systems is very high in Finland. District heating is an important part of the municipal or regional energy system. Almost 50 % of space heating in Finland is made by district heating. The share of combined heat and power production increased already during 1970s and 1980s when district heating in largest cities in Finland was growing very fast. Suitable amount of heat load is an essential requirement for combined heat and power production. In Finland about 75 % of district heat is produced in combined heat and power production plants for several years. Combined heat and power production also helps to decrease CO2 emissions in energy sector.     Having high quality norms and recommendations as well as high quality components does not guarantee high quality, reliability and a long lasting system. First, there is a need for a new design philosophy and for the optimisation of heat production. After that, there is a huge need for quality control systems in the Russian district heating. Particularly in the district heating network, this kind of system is needed. There will be a need for a quality management system in the norm or in other higher levels. Some parts of the quality system can be organized by the manufacturers or the district heating company's own quality management system. In some parts, there will be a need for independent quality inspections to be made by authorized organizations to give official and   independent status.
Constructed wetlands with horizontal sub-surface flow (HF CWs) have been used for wastewater treatment for more than four decades. HF CWs are used around the world for many types of wastewater, including municipal sewage, agricultural and industrial wastewaters, runoff waters, wastewaters containing endocrine-disrupting chemicals, and landfill leachate. This book fills a gap in the literature by providing an extensive, worldwide overview of this treatment technology. Special attention is paid to assessing the use of this treatment technology in individual countries and treatment performance of various HF CWs with respect to major pollutants in different types of wastewater. The book provides a broad base of knowledge, including: processes occurring in wetland soils and overlying water various types of constructed wetlands for wastewater treatment detailed information about design parameters, functioning, operation and maintenance, and costs of HF CWs evaluations of treatment efficiency of HF CWs under diverse conditions information on the global use of HF CWs for various types of wastewater The inclusion of case studies from over 50 countries and more than 250 colour photos that illustrate the science makes this an invaluable text. This book will be useful not only to wetland scientists, teachers, and engineers, but also to landscape planners, ecologists, wastewater-treatment designers and governmental decision-makers.
Business ethics : concepts & cases
Water quality assessments : a guide to the use of biota, sediments and water in environmental monitoring
Marine Pollution
Water supplies
Earthworm responses to metal contamination : tools for soil quality assessment
Non-renewable resources, endogenous growth, and environmental policy
Biomonitoring air pollutants with plants
Transplacental transfer of food contaminants
First assessment of the state of the coastal waters of the Baltic Sea
Environmental applications of ionizing radiation
The groundwater pollution of Korneuburg, Austria : its issue life-cycle in the public discourse and collaboration and confrontation strategies of actors
Sexual pollution in the Hebrew Bible
Threatened planet
Approximately 77 percent of the freshwater used in the United States comes from surface-water sources and is subject to natural organic matter contamination according to the United States Geological Survey. This presents a distinct challenge to water treatment engineers. An essential resource to the latest breakthroughs in the characterization, treatment and removal of natural organic matter (NOM) from drinking water, Natural Organic Matter in Waters: Characterization and Treatment Methods focuses on advance filtration and treatment options, and processes for reducing disinfection byproducts. Based on the authors years of research and field experience, this book begins with the characterization of NOM including: general parameters, isolation and concentration, fractionation, composition and structural analysis and biological testing. This is followed by removal methods such as inorganic coagulants, polyelectrolytes and composite coagulants. Electrochemical and membranes removal methods such as: electrocoagulation, electrochemical oxidation, microfiltration and ultrafiltration, nanofiltration and membrane fouling.
Biology of freshwater pollution
Nitrates in groundwater : Selected papers from the European meeting of the International Association of Hydrogeologists, Wisla, Poland, 4-7 June 2002
Climate changed : a personal journey through the science
Bioindicatores deteriorisationis regionis : proceedings of the 3rd international conference, Liblice near Prague, Czechoslovakia, 12-16th September 1977. 3
The law relating to pollution : an introduction
Air pollution in eastern Lapland : challenge for an environmental measurement station
The maritime industry R&D masterplan 1999
Feeding value of grass ensiled with absorbents assessed in growing lambs
Kivalina : a climate change story
Air pollution : physical and chemical fundamentals
The environmental impact caused by the increasing demand for water. Water and resource management : a case study in Ethiopia
Contaminant migration in rock aquifers
Scots pine and its ectomycorrhizal symbionts under chronic low-level urban pollution : responses and restoration
On-line measurement of oil contaminants in water by filter-based infrared analyzers
The economic theory of pollution control
Multi Functions of Wetland Systems : proceedings of the International Conference on Multi Functions of Wetland Systems Legnaro (Pd), Italy, 26th-29th June 2007
Performance of European crosscountry oil pipeline : Statistical summary of reported spillages in 2006 and since 1971
