http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4363 families (groups)
families (groups)
Clover Moon
Free four : Tobias tells the Divergent knife-throwing scene
Problem solving in families : research and practice
Take six girls : the lives of the Mitford sisters
"On his thirty-fifth birthday, Jake St. Cloud inherits a fortune--and learns the whereabouts of his mysterious half-brother. On her deathbed, Selma St. Cloud revealed that Jake had a sibling, a product of his father's affair. At last, Jake is in a position to track down Alex Rosario and make amends for their father's past neglect. At least, that's the plan. When their initial meeting goes badly, a distraught Jake crashes his car and is sentenced to community work--with Alex as his parole officer. Jake must spend a year helping Angelica Dancer and her daughter, Fancy, at the Dancer Foundation for neglected children. Fancy, scarred within and without by the accident that ended her ballet career, is even less happy with the arrangement than Jake. Yet as they're thrown together, Jake, Alex, Angelica, and Fancy make unexpected connections. And as he unravels the painful truths of his past, Jake realizes that his mother's greatest gift to him lies not in his inheritance, but in the future, and the family, he's slowly piecing together" --
Heartless
Families residing in Kallio : a choice?
Social work and child welfare politics: through Nordic lenses
The shade of the moon
The round house
Drifting house
This book challenges the concept of wellbeing as applied to children, particularly in a school-based context. Taking a post-structural approach, it suggests that wellbeing should be understood, and experiences revealed, at the level of the subjective child. This runs counter to contemporary accounts that reduce children's wellbeing to objective lists of things that are needed in order to live well. This book will be useful for academics and practitioners working directly with children, and anyone interested in children's wellbeing.
What ends
Halfway home : a novel
The lowland
The Grunts in trouble
The days of Anna Madrigal : a novel
Sole survivor : children who murder their families
Family troubles? : exploring changes and challenges in the family lives of children and young people
Orphan train : a novel
Death of a cozy writer
Diary of a wimpy kid. 9, The Long haul
Children’s Influence on Family Vacation Decision-Making
French Expatriate Family Adjustment During the OL3-Project
Handbook of families & health : interdisciplinary perspectives
"Barkskins opens in New France in the late 18th century as Rene Sel, an illiterate woodsman makes his way from Northern France to the homeland to seek a living. Bound to a "seigneur" for three years in exchange for land, he suffers extraordinary hardship and violence, always in awe of the forest he is charged with clearing. In the course of this epic novel, Proulx tells the stories of Rene's children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren, as well as the descendants of his friends and foes, as they travel back to Europe, to China, to New England, always in quest of a livelihood or fleeing stunningly brutal conditions--war, pestilence, Indian attacks, the revenge of rivals. Proulx's inimitable genius is her creation of characters who are so vivid--in their greed, lust, vengefulness, or their simple compassion and hope--that we follow them with fierce attention. This is Proulx's most ambitious novel ever, and her master work"--
Surprises in Burracombe
Children, families and social exclusion : new approaches to prevention
Memory boy
Red sorghum
Abstract.
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Vance, a former marine and Yale Law School graduate, provides an account of growing up in a poor Rust Belt town that offers a broader, probing look at the struggles of America's white working class. The decline of this group, a demographic of our country that has been slowly disintegrating over forty years, has been reported on with growing frequency and alarm. J. D. Vance tells the true story of what a social, regional, and class decline feels like when you were born with it hung around your neck. The Vance family story begins hopefully in postwar America. J. D.'s grandparents were "dirt poor and in love," and moved north from Kentucky's Appalachia region to Ohio in the hopes of escaping the dreadful poverty around them. They raised a middle-class family, and eventually their grandchild (the author) would graduate from Yale Law School, a conventional marker of their success in achieving generational upward mobility. But as the family saga of Hillbilly Elegy plays out, we learn that this is only the short, superficial version. Vance's grandparents, aunt, uncle, sister, and, most of all, his mother, struggled profoundly with the demands of their new middle-class life, and were never able to fully escape the legacy of abuse, alcoholism, poverty, and trauma so characteristic of their part of America.
The red house
The final hour
Nodes of Contemporary Finnish Literature
Far from the tree : parents, children and the search for identity
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Family needs and societal institutions : potential empirical linkage mechanisms
The fragile world
From Liverpool with love
Taking a strengths-based approach, this book looks at ways practitioners can enhance children's wellbeing by identifying protective factors and positive ways of working with children and their families. Grounded in research yet accessible, the strategies presented will help to encourage positive behaviour and promote emotional and mental wellbeing.
The innkeeper of Ivy Hill
Themes in family and consumer sciences : a book of readings 2001.. Volume 2
Children ́s Joensuu : The perceptions of Russian tourists travelling with children
Greg Heffley tells about his summer vacation and his attempts to steer clear of trouble when he returns to middle school and tries to keep his older brother Rodrick from telling everyone about Greg's most humiliating experience of the summer.
The day the falls stood still
Three Junes
After I'm gone : a novel
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership. Parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area. : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations."
This debut novel charts the story of Roscoe T Martin in rural Alabama in the 1920s. Roscoe has set his sights on a new type of power spreading at the start of the 20th century: electricity. It becomes his training, his life's work. But when his wife Marie inherits her father's failing farm, Roscoe has to give it up, with great cost to his pride and sense of self, his marriage and his family. Realising that he might lose them all, he uses his skills as an electrician to siphon energy from the state, ushering in a period of bounty and happiness on a farm recently falling to ruin. Even the love of Marie and their son seems back within Roscoe's grasp. Then everything changes. A young man is electrocuted on their land. Roscoe is arrested for manslaughter and - no longer an electrician or even a farmer - he must now carve out a place in a violent new world.
The last whisper in the dark : a novel
Families and Children in Lithuania
The brothers
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
French kids eat everything : how our family moved to France, cured picky eating, banned snacking, and discovered 10 simple rules for raising happy, healthy eaters
Written with the voices of a diverse collection of Canadian family members, this book challenges conventional wisdom on Canadian families and provides a forum for the frequently silenced to speak. Insightful and current Voices explores the rich diversity of families in late-twentieth-century Canada, covering race and ethnicity, family roles and structure, region and economic location, stage of the life cycle, sexual orientation and ability and disability.
Here to Stay is an expression of surprise because the author began her study believing that the American family was in decline. Bane, a co-author with Christopher Jencks of Inequality, shared the familiar image of increasing family instability based on the conventional interpretation of such statistics as the rising divorce rate. But the data she collected, mainly from census surveys and polls, gradually convinced her that the family is still a viable social institution. As a small sample - she found that through this century the proportion of children living with at least one of their parents has been steadily rising, that the proportion of children affected by a parental disruption during childhood has dropped steadily, and that the most important changes in children's activities are due not to the increase in working mothers but to the impact of television which now claims more of children's waking hours than school. The second part of the book takes the demographic presentation as background for a discussion of such social policy issues as the protection of children, sexual equality, and the provision of equal opportunity. The central issue here is clearly articulated: how can we balance family autonomy with the demands of other social values such as sexual equality? A plain-spoken, unpretentious but genuinely provocative book.
The mountain in my shoe
Bright young things
The family man
My notorious life by madame X
Fortunately, the milk
This heartwarming women's fiction series from beloved New York Times bestselling author Mary Alice Monroe centers on Marietta Colson Muir, a dowager of Charleston society who has retired to her historic summer home on Sullivan's Island called Conquest, and her three granddaughters Carson, Eudora, and Harper. It's summer once again on idyllic Sullivan's Island, but Eudora, or Dora as she's affectionately called by her family, is feeling anything but perfect. With a perpetually withdrawn son and an impending divorce, the pressure is just too much to handle, and Dora cracks, suffering what the doctors are calling 'Broken Heart' syndrome. Mamaw, Lucille, Harper, and Carson all rally around Dora to support her and nurse her back to health--however, it seems Dora isn't the only one falling apart this summer. Between Lucille's health scare and an unexpected surprise that has Carson reconsidering her life's direction, it looks like all the women of Sullivan's Island could use some TLC. When Sullivan's is hit with a tropical storm, it will be up to the three sisters to band together and weather the tempest together--both the one outside their windows, and the raging sea of emotions within each one of them.
The hurricane
Everything I never told you : a novel
The shoemaker's wife : a novel
Hello from the Gillespies
The family in global transition
Families : a celebration of diversity, commitment and love
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
Frommer's Wales with your family : from cliff-top castles to sandy coves
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of adulthood and aging
Families and their children with Down's syndrome : one feature in common
The summer's end
Steadfast : a Spellcaster novel
The jump
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
Women and marital breakdown in South India : reconstructing homes, bonds and persons
This exceptional collection draws on the most recent demographic data and combines classic research with cutting-edge approaches to provide an invaluable overview of the developmental psychology of the adult years. Covers a wide range of topics within adult development and aging, from theoretical perspectives to specific content areasIncludes newly commissioned essays from the top researchers in the fieldTakes a biopsychosocial perspective, covering the biological, psychological and social changes that occur in adulthood.
Binny for short
Son of a gun : a memoir
Supporting Family Coping in Paediatric Intensive Care
Golden age : a novel
Croodit
Now you're one of us
Millionaire mayhem
Year of no sugar : a memoir
Family in transition : rethinking marriage, sexuality, child rearing and family organization
Bittersweet : a novel
Some aspects to families in a multicultural world
Eleanor & Park
The family and marriage in Britain : an analysis and moral assessment
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
A thousand pieces of you
Echoes of love
The making of the modern family
Kind of kin
You will not have my hate
Transnationalism, remittances and asymmetries : multi-local family ties of Senegambian migrants in Finland
Sickle cell disease : experiences of caregivers in managing the disease in children under the age of six years old  living in the Western Region of Jamaica
The Wiley-Blackwell Handbook of Couples and Family Relationships presents original articles from leading experts that link research, policy, and practice together to reflect the most current knowledge of contemporary relationships. Offers interesting new perspectives on a range of relationship issues facing twenty-first century Western society Helps those who work with couples and families facing with relationship issues Includes practical suggestions for dealing with relationship problems Explores diverse issues, including family structure versus functioning; attachment theory; divorce and family breakdown; communication and conflict; self regulation, partner regulation, and behavior change; care-giving and parenting; relationship education; and therapy and policy implications.
Challenges for future family policies in the Nordic countries
Family from brazil
The taxi driver's daughter
Work like any other
The Plumbs, and the three grown-up siblings fighting to save the family money pot - the 'nest' - as their oldest brother threatens to lose it all. Perfect for fans of The Middlesteins and The Vacationers. When Leo Plumb drives off drunk from a party in a sports car with a nineteen-year-old waitress in tow, to the moral and legal fallout must be added the horrible inconvenience to his brother and sisters. Leo's rehab costs have severely depleted 'the nest' - the family's joint trust fund that would have cut them loose from their myriad financial issues.
The dog
Life in families with deaf members : Proceedings of the Vth World Conference on Deafness
The one & only : a novel
August : Osage County
The great perhaps
The story of a new name
Families on the move in Europe : children's perspectives
Mr.Biff the boxer
Fancy dancer
The good girl
Voices : essays on Canadian families
Child perspectives on income and time use  in Finnish families in the 1990s
The book of unknown Americans : a novel
My brilliant friend
Frommer's Turkey with your family : from bustling bazaars to historic sites
A stone's throw
The mandibles : A Family, 2029–2047
Case studies in child, adolescent, and family treatment
The royal Tenenbaums
Here to stay : American families in the twentieth century
The war over the family : capturing the middle ground
Red ink
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
Family careers : developmental change in families
Vulgar things
Changing family patterns : bio-engineering, demographic factors, family policies, values
Introduction to family processes
An heir for Burracombe
Young families under stress : outcomes and costs of Home-Start support
Cold storage, Alaska
Tales of the peculiar
Palvelumenojen muutokset lapsiperheissä 1990-luvulla = Changes in service consumption expenditures of families with children in the 1990s
Victim without a face
Food, health and identity
The Grunts on the run
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
All kinds of families!
In this article we introduce the on-going (2012-2014) international collaborative project Families on the Move Across Borders: Children's Perspectives on Labour Migration in Europe. First, we present the project and its aims; then, we briefly discuss the current state of migration research on families and children in order to explain how our research can contribute to a fuller inclusion of children in social analysis, not only by challenging the theoretical debates, but also through our empirically rich study. We aim to contribute to the advancement of methodology in childhood and migration studies by studying migration experiences from the child's perspective.
Larger than life : a novella
Motherhood in family context : comparing professional practices in maternity and child health care in Finland and Scotland
These things hidden
The program
Haven't you grown! : poems about families
The only way is up
"In 2012, after the overthrow of Qaddafi, the acclaimed novelist Hisham Matar journeys to his native Libya after an absence of thirty years. When he was twelve, Matar and his family went into political exile. Eight years later Matar's father, a former diplomat and military man turned brave political dissident, was kidnapped from the streets of Cairo by the Libyan government and is believed to have been held in the regime's most notorious prison. Now, the prisons are empty and little hope remains that Jaballah Matar will be found alive. Yet, as the author writes, hope is "persistent and cunning." This book is a profoundly moving family memoir, a brilliant and affecting portrait of a country and a people on the cusp of immense change, and a disturbing and timeless depiction of the monstrous nature of absolute power"--
Seeking a way out of the cage : underprivileged women and domestic violence in Bangladesh
Family doctors' journey to quality
Gone are the leaves
The sociology of the family : new directions for Britain
The half brother
Relativity
The ice twins
Diary of a wimpy kid : Rodrick rules
Families in society : the journal of contemporary social services
The summer wind
The nest
Frommer's Cyprus with your family : from the best family beaches to mountain villages
A good catch
Out of hiding
Mother, mother : a novel
Catherine and Laurence Anholt's big book of families
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership : parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations"
The picture book
Wish you were here
The lifeblood of the village of Ivy Hill is its coaching inn, The Bell. When the innkeeper dies suddenly, his genteel wife, Jane, becomes the reluctant owner. With a large loan due, can Jane and her resentful mother-in-law, Thora, find a way to save the inn—and discover fresh hope for the future?
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Hillbilly elegy : a memoir of a family and culture in crisis
The priest of evil
Guilty pleasures
Stay up with me : stories
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of couples and family relationships
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Family support : direction from diversity
"In Regency-era England, secrets come to light at the abandoned manor house Pembrooke Park. Will Abigail find the hidden treasure and love she seeks...or very real danger?"--
Promoting child and parent wellbeing : how to use evidence- and strengths-based strategies in practice
Telegraph avenue
The visitor
Shadow rider
Coming home
Mother said : poems
Social-decision heuristics used by families in allocating resources
Daughters of fortune
The chaos of stars
Lovers & players
Terms of endearment : a novel : with a new preface
The purpose of this article is to examine professional practices in matemity and child health care in two countries, Finland and Scotland, concentrating on how motherhood is located in family context, on how family is defined and worked with. Subthemes analysed are the role of fathers, 'family support' fr mothers and the discussion over lone motherhood. The study was carried out through local case studies using ethnographic methods, mainly observation and interviews with health professionals. Results show that Finnish health professionals have adopted a family-oriented way of working emphasising the importance of pair relationships and shared parenthood, compared with their Scottish colleagues, who work in a more women-oriented way and emphasise the role of other women as social support fr mothers. In conclusion the two different professional orientations are connected to wider social and cultural differences between the two countries. .
A magic Christmas
The Chinese family and its ritual behavior
A tiny bit marvellous
A place for middle
A New Year's reunion
The unspoken truth
Cold burn of magic : a Black Blade novel
Marriage and family development
Go set a watchman
Contextualising the Salutogenic Perspective on Adolescent Health and the Sense of Coherence in Families  : A study among adolescents and their families in the Swedish speaking Finland
The princess diaries
The return : fathers, sons, and the land in between
The secret of Pembrooke Park
How to build a girl
Family life
Good people
