http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4374 practical philosophy
practical philosophy
Ethics in practice : an anthology
The right to private property
Rights
Reasoning practically
Socrates café : a fresh taste of philosophy
Following the rules : practical reasoning and deontic constraint
Faces of medicine : a philosophical study
Idealism and freedom : essays on Kant's theoretical and practical philosophy
Ruling passions : a theory of practical reasoning
Right actions and good persons : controversies between Eudaimonistic and Deontic moral theories
Morality and action
A practical philosophy for the life sciences
The examined life : philosophical meditations
This volume presents the state of the art of philosophical practice worldwide from the perspectives of leading philosophical practitioners, both counselors and institutional consultants. Philosophical practice has developed in different directions in different parts of the world, with the focus in Europe and North America being mostly on client counseling and corporate consultancy, while in Asia it is more community-based and more closely aligned with psychotherapy. In all cases, philosophical practitioners strive to transcend the boundaries of academic philosophy and reach out to the public, to corporations, to the policy makers, to the medical, legal and many other professions. The chapters of this book illustrate both the breadth of philosophical practice and its various methodological directions, while, at the same time, showing how philosophy can be relevant to everyday life, not just for individuals, but for the economy, the government, international organizations, the helping and therapeutic professions, and the educational system. The volume is primarily a companion for students of applied philosophy on all levels, as well as for modern psychotherapists, educational professionals and academics. It is designed to support a variety of undergraduate and postgraduate courses in philosophy and applied psychology, ranging from ancient ethics to philosophical practice sui generis, or to the philosophy of psychology.
Controversy : politics of technical decisions
Philosophy practice : an alternative to counseling and psychotherapy
A theory of possibility : a constructivistic and conceptualistic account of possible individuals and possible worlds
Philosophy & this actual world
A logic of deliberation
Praxiology : the international annual of practical philosophy and methodology. Vol. 3, Design and systems : general applications of methodology
Lectures on ethics
Applications of moral philosophy
Objective idealism, ethics, and politics
What is political philosophy? : and other studies
Collected essays. Vol. 5, Religion and public reasons
A philosophy of practicality : a treatise on the philosophy of Tadeusz Kotarbinski
The growth of medical knowledge
Commonsense consequentialism : wherein morality meets rationality
Philosophy, phenomenology, sciences : essays in commemoration of Edmund Husserl
Objective prescriptions : and other essays
The necessity of pragmatism : John Dewey's conception of philosophy
Norms and agreement
Food ethics
Praise of theory : speeches and essays
Human activity : contributions to the anthropological sciences from a perspective of activity theory
Adorno's practical philosophy : living less wrongly
Kant and Applied Ethics makes an important contribution to Kant scholarship, illuminating the vital moral parameters of key ethical debates. It offers a critical analysis of Kant's ethics, interrogating the theoretical bases of his theory and evaluating their strengths and weaknesses.
Practical inferences
G. W. Leibniz's philosophy and practical projects
Practicing philosophy
Collected essays. Vol. 2, Intention and identity
The nature and methods of practical philosophy
Intention, plans, and practical reason
Law, ideology and punishment : retrieval and critique of the liberal ideal of criminal justice
Collected essays. Vol. 3, Human rights and common good
Philosophy of the practical : economic and ethic
Exploring practical philosophy : from action to values
On transforming philosophy : a metaphysical inquiry
Scientific controversies : case studies in the resolution and closure of disputes in science and technology
Practical reasoning : the structure and foundations of prudential and moral arguments and their exemplification in discourse
Practical rationality and preference : essays for David Gauthier
Technology and the future : a philosophical challenge
"Existentially something other and strange" : on Carl Schmitt's philosophy of concrete life
Human nature and conduct : an introduction to social psychology
Compassionate understanding and respect for life in the abortion debate
The philosophy of action : an introduction
Political liberalism : metaphysics or rhetoric?
The practice turn in contemporary theory
The construction of a sustainable development in times of climate change
Practical reasoning
The philosophy of Kant : Immanuel Kant's moral and political writings
Notes on the formal system of events
Collected essays. Vol. 4, Philosophy of law
Life without principles : reconciling theory and practice
Practical reasoning about final ends
Practical tortoise raising : and other philosophical essays
The evolution of leisure : historical and philosophical perspectives
Alain Badiou : a critical introduction
Plato not prozac : applying philosophy to everyday problems
Philosophy in practice : an introduction to the main questions
Applied philosophy at the turn of the millenium
Rethinking the good : moral ideals and the nature of practical reasoning
On action
Right practical reason : Aristotle, action, and prudence in Aquinas
Logic, action and cognition : essays in philosophical logic
A history of sin
An introduction to comparative philosophy : a travel guide to philosophical space
International ethics : concepts, theories, and cases in global politics
The possibility of practical reason
Starting and stopping
The place of commonsense in educational thought
Action theory and social science : some formal models
Heidegger and practical philosophy
Faces of intention : selected essays on intention and agency
An analysis of moral anger
Kant and applied ethics : the uses and limits of Kant's practical philosophy
Effects on consequences of action
Ethical Choice : a case study approach
Law and the practical reason
Constructivism in Practical Philosophy
Ethics and the environment
God, free will, and morality : prolegomena to a theory of practical reasoning
Kant and the reach of reason : studies in Kant's theory of rational systematization
