http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4372 psychiatry
psychiatry
Psychiatry in transition : the British and Italian experiences
Aging in the twenty-first century : a developmental perspective
Social work visions from around the globe : citizens, methods, and approaches. Part 1
Psychiatria Fennica. 1990 : 21th annual volume
More or less than human : the influence of shame on psychological distress
Inconvenient people : lunacy, liberty, and the mad-doctors in Victorian England
A layman's guide to psychiatry and psychoanalysis
Culture, medicine and psychiatry
An outline of modern psychiatry
Principles and Practice of Psychiatric Nursing
Tourette syndrome and tic disorders
Mental disorder : its care and treatment
Mental health and deafness
Introduction : women's and men's needs as a challenge for gender-sensitive services
Integrated treatment for dual disorders : a guide to effective practice
"Only two can keep a secret if one of them is dead. David and Adele seem like the ideal pair. He's a successful psychiatrist, she is his picture-perfect wife who adores him. But why is he so controlling? And why is she keeping things hidden? As Louise, David's new secretary, is drawn into their orbit, she uncovers more puzzling questions than answers. The only thing that is crystal clear is that something in this marriage is very, very wrong. But Louise can't guess how wrong - and how far a person might go to protect their marriage's secrets. "--
Family psychoeducation for serious mental illness
Psychiatry : clinical cases uncovered
Set over the course of one night in the waiting room of a psych clinic, The Angel of History follows Yemeni-born poet Jacob as he revisits the events of his life, from his maternal upbringing in an Egyptian whorehouse to his adolescence under the aegis of his wealthy father and his life as a gay Arab man in San Francisco at the height of AIDS. Hovered over by the presence of alluring, sassy Satan who taunts Jacob to remember his painful past and dour, frigid Death who urges him to forget and give up on life, Jacob is also attended to by 14 saints. Set in Cairo and Beirut; Sana'a, Stockholm, and San Francisco; Alameddine gives us a charged philosophical portrait of a brilliant mind in crisis. This is a profound, philosophical and hilariously winning story of the war between memory and oblivion we wrestle with every day of our lives.
Unique aspects of the professional identity of tattooed psychologists : the professional self-esteem, sense of not belonging and intentional behavior modeling of four tattooed professionals from the field of psychology and psychiatry
Leadership in psychiatry
Psychopharmacology as part of treatment of anorexia nervosa inpatients : a clinical retrospective study
Principles and practice of geriatric psychiatry
The selling of DSM : the rhetoric of science in psychiatry
Mind and madness in ancient Greece : the classical roots of modern psychiatry
Occupational therapy in short-term psychiatry
Long-term counselling
The handbook of narrative and psychotherapy : practice, theory and research
Pocket guide to psychiatric nursing
This is an introductory text on mental health and deafness for care workers and mental health workers, both those familiar with deaf people but not with mental health and those familiar with mental health but not with deaf people. It covers a wide range of mental health issues as they relate to deafness and is divided into two sections. The first, Assessment, includes topics ranging from child and adolescent psychiatry, adult psychiatry, children who are deaf and have multiple disabilities, addictive behaviour and deafness, to maltreatment of deaf children. The second section, Management and Intervention, discusses interpreters in mental health settings, educational interventions, family therapy and drug treatments. The contributors to this book, some of who are deaf themselves, come from a range of professional disciplines and are international experts in their fields.
Overcoming unintentional racism in counseling and therapy : a practitioner's guide to intentional intervention
Psychiatric occupational therapy : a workbook of practical skills
Advances in biological psychiatry. Vol. 2
The last time I saw her : a novel
The use of coercion in the Finnish civil psychiatric inpatients : a part of the Nordic project Paternalism and Autonomy
Psychiatry of Parkinson's disease
Journal of systemic therapies : J.S.T
Abnormal psychology : changing conceptions
The journal of cognitive rehabilitation
Introducing Jung
Psychiatry and religion : context, consensus, and controversies
Prenatal and perinatal risk factors for bipolar disorder
Abuse of psychiatry for political repression in the Soviet Union : hearing before the subcommittee to investigate the administration of the internal security act and other internal security laws of the Committee of the judiaciary United States senate ninety-second congress, second session, September 26, 1972
Journal of family psychotherapy
"Mental illness is a highly controversial and contested field, informed by the ideas and research of academics and practitioners working in psychiatry, psychology, pharmacology, sociology, genetics and the neurosciences. This book brings clarity to a complex field, exploring core issues ranging from debates about the way the concept has been developed and expanded over time to controversies over the causes of mental illness. The author evaluates critiques of the concept of mental illness and of the way its expanding boundaries now define a far wider range of mental states, experiences and activities as pathological. Arguing that these boundaries need to be restricted, the author contends that many of the phenomena identified as mental illness are normal reactions to life's difficulties and that, while individuals may need support, it is not appropriate or helpful for such phenomena to be treated as indicative of mental disorder. Other important topics covered include the way mental illness is measured, its distribution across populations and over time, and the different types of care provided for those with identified mental illness. Mental Illness will prove invaluable for intending practitioners in medicine, psychiatry, mental health nursing, social work, and clinical and health psychology, as well as for students in psychology, sociology and the health sciences."--pub. desc.
25th Nordic psychiatric congress : 7-11 May 1997 in Trondheim, Norway
Psychiatry on new tresholds : abstracts of the XI world congress of psychiatry : Hamburg, Germany 6-11 August 1999. Vol. 1, Plenary events, symposia, section symposia, workshops, courses
"Mental health is very complicated and much of it remains inherently or contingently mysterious. And yet, if we were to take the rhetoric of the American Psychiatric Association, the World Health Organization or (even more dubiously) the drug companies seriously, we should all believe in a confident version of scientific incrementalism (our knowledge is constantly refining and our interventions are becoming more effective with the passing years). From post-structuralism Foucault (1973) made the fair point that human science, existing, as it does, in the ambiguous spaces between the predictive sciences, post hoc descriptive sciences and philosophical reflection, is condemned to unending contention. However, that conclusion has created a tyranny of nihilism in recent times in the academy. The postmodern turn in social science has driven us so far away from confident knowledge claims about reality, that the naivety of psychiatric positivism has been replaced by an equally unhelpful rejection of ontology. This book steers a middle way between psychiatric positivism and the nihilism of the recent French poststructuralist tradition. It relies on the guidance of neither psychiatry nor social science (with the discipline of psychology being an ambivalent participant in both camps), though all of this range of disciplinary knowledge provides my subject matter. Instead, the guidance comes from philosophy, one of Foucault's three legs on the milking stool of human science, but from one of his critics, Roy Bhaskar. He and others in his wake have offered us an escape route from the cul-de-sac options of naive realism and unending postmodern scepticism"--Provided by publisher.
Psychodrama / experience and process
Outcome in psychiatric outpatient services : reliability, validity and outcome based on routine assessments with the GAF scale
The sociology of mental illness
Psychiatria Fennica. 2009, 40th annual volume
Duvernoy's atlas of the human brain stem and cerebellum : high-field MRI : surface anatomy, internal structure, vascularization and 3D sectional anatomy
Colonial psychiatry and 'the African mind'
Rating scales in mental health
Abstract: The finnish psychiatric health services in the 1990's from the point of view of historical continuity.
"What is a religious or spiritual delusion? What does religious delusion reveal about the difference between good and bad spirituality? What is the connection between religious delusion and moral failure? Or between religious delusion and religious terrorism? Or religious delusion and despair? The Abraham Dilemma: A Divine Delusion is the first book written by a philosopher on the topic of religious delusion -- on the disorder's causes, contents, consequences, diagnosis and treatment. The book argues that we cannot understand a religious delusion without appreciating three facts. One is that religiosity or spirituality is a part of human nature, whether it takes theistic or non-theistic forms. Another is that religious delusion is something to which we are all vulnerable. The third is that the delusion is not best understood by reducing it to brain chemistry, or by insisting that it is empirically false. It is best understood by examining its harmful personal and moral consequences -- consequences that nearly unfolded when the biblical patriarch Abraham prepared to sacrifice his son Isaac in response to a command, he thought, from God. The book presents a fascinating and profound exploration of a phenomenon as old as mankind itself."--
Cultural issues in psychology : a student's handbook
Mind, mood, and medicine : a guide to the new biopsychiatry
Abnormal : lectures at the Collège de France 1974-1975
SCID-I : structured clinical interview for DSM-IV axis I disorders. Clinician version : administration booklet
Churchill's black dog : and other phenomena of the human mind
Understanding mental health : a critical realist exploration
Child & family behavior therapy
My age of anxiety : fear, hope, dread and the search for peace of mind
Mixture model clustering in the analysis of complex diseases
Man against himself
Adolescents with their first episode of schizophrenia spectrum psychosis : a comparison with adolescents suffering from other severe mental disorders
The pleasure of thinking : a journey through the sideways leaps of ideas
Clinical applications of music therapy in psychiatry
Post-qualifying mental health social work practice
With a summary in Swedish.
Party or patient? : discursive practices relating to coercion in psychiatric and legal settings
Case conseptualization and tretment planning : Exercises for integrating theory with clinical practice
Dear Luise : a story of power and powerlessness in Demark's psychiatric care system
Handbook of psychiatry
Criminal behaviour and mental health : CBMH
The history of psychiatry : an evaluation of psychiatric thought and practice from prehistoric times to the present
History of madness
Explaining job satisfaction and job control : a survey among Finnish psychiatrists
Madness and civilization : a history of insanity in the age of reason
Deaf-mutes in mental hospitals. - - Deaf-mutes with mental illness. - - Deaf-mutes with "auditory" hallucinations.
Cracked : why psychiatry is doing more harm than good
Geriatric mental health disaster and emergency preparedness
Brain and conscious experience : study week September 28 Oktober 4, 1964, of the Pontificia Academia Scientiarum
Delays in the progress of developmental skills among adolescent schizophrenia patients with and without a co-morbid pervasive developmental disorder
"Issues like this have an impact" : the need-adapted treatment of psychosis and the psychiatrist's inner dialogue
Parkinson's disease and depression : clinical and neurobiological studies
Cognitive functions in depression and anxiety disorders : findings from a population-based study
Occupational therapy in mental health : a journal of psychosocial practice & research
Physiotherapy in psychiatry
Mental health concepts and techniques for the occupational therapy assistant
Abnormal psychology and modern life
Emotions, Somatization and Psychiatric Symptoms among the Akan
Journal of psychiatric and mental health nursing
A text-book of psychiatry for students and practitioners
Lyttleś mental health and disorder
This way madness lies : the asylum and beyond
The psychiatric interview
Subjective outcomes of psychotherapeutic interventions : a naturalistic follow-up study among Finnish adolescent psychiatric outpatients
The last temptation
The biology of desire : why addiction is not a disease
Dictionary of psychiatry
American journal of psychiatry
Group psychoeducation for forensic long-term patients with schizophrenia
Is mental illness – or madness – at root an illness of the body, a disease of the mind, or a sickness of the soul? Should those who suffer from it be secluded from society or integrated more fully into it? This Way Madness Lies explores the meaning of mental illness through the successive incarnations of the institution that defined it: the madhouse, designed to segregate its inmates from society; the lunatic asylum, which intended to restore the reason of sufferers by humane treatment; and the mental hospital, which reduced their conditions to diseases of the brain. Rarely seen photographs and illustrations drawn from the archives of mental institutions in Europe and the U.S. illuminate and reinforce the compelling narrative, while extensive ‘gallery’ sections present revealing and thought-provoking artworks by asylum patients and other artists from each era of the institution and beyond.
Behavioral interventions
The conscience of psychiatry : the reform work of Peter R. Breggin
Nursing diagnoses and process in psychiatric mental health nursing
Psychiatria Fennica. 1995 : 26th annual volume
The reign of error : psychiatry, authority and law
Madness : a very short introduction
Madness on the couch : blaming the victim in the heyday of psychoanalysis
Recollections and reflections
Textbook of evolutionary psychiatry and psychosomatic medicine : the origins of psychopathology
American melancholy : constructions of depression in the twentieth century
Child psychiatry and human development
The regulation of madness : the origins of incarceration in France
SIDP-IV : structured interview for DSM-IV personality
Dissemination and implementation of evidence-based practices in child and adolescent mental health
Abstracts of the XI world congress of psychiatry : Hamburg August 6-11, 1999. Vol. 2, Abstracts
Principles and techniques of mental health consultation
Psychiatria Fennica. 2010, 41th annual volume
An introduction to dance movement therapy in psychiatry
Handbook of general hospital psychiatry
Long-term alcohol use in adolescence and neurocognition : a preliminary study
Bodies under siege : self-mutilation and body modification in culture and psychiatry
The handbook of child and adolescent clinical psychology : a contextual approach
Study orientations of medical students attending the summer school psychiatry program
Diagnostic cultures : a cultural approach to the pathologization of modern life
Mental health problems among the Swedish reindeer-herding Sami population : in perspective of intersectionality, organisational culture and acculturation
Man's search for meaning
Critical perspectives on mental health
Textbook of psychiatry
Cultural diversity, mental health and psychiatry : the struggle against racism
Society and psychosis
The fusion of psychiatry and social science
Psychiatry summer school in Satakunta in 2013 : a novel way of introducing psychiatry to medical students
Occupational therapy in mental health
Ethics in psychiatry : European contributions
Our necessary shadow : the nature and meaning of psychiatry
Kaplan & Sadock's pocket handbook of psychiatric drug treatment
Tales from the madhouse : an insider critique of psychiatric services
Your drugs may be your problem : how and why to stop taking psychiatric medications
Elements of clinical research in psychiatry
This book looks at the roots of modern psychiatry, its theoretical approach to women, and what shifting trends in diagnosis tell us about its social underpinning. Arguing at both an epistemological and empirical level, Russell challenges the biological base of conditions such as schizophrenia, depression, premenstrual syndrome, anorexia, bulimia and female criminality.
The use of coercion in the Finnish civil psychiatric inpatients:a part of the Nordic project Paternalism and Autonomy
Introduction
Madmen and the bourgeoisie : a social history of insanity and psychiatry
Elements of culture and mental health : critical questions for clinicians
Freud and his time : the influence of the master psychologist on the emotional problems in our lives
Psychiatric terror : How Soviet psychiatry is used to suppress dissent
Telepsychiatry services in Finland
Clinical supervision : a study of how psychiatric nurses experience group supervision
Psychological trauma and the legacies of the First World War
The Faber book of madness
S. 3-5: Introduction : women's and men's needs as a challenge for gender-sensitive services.
Before I go to sleep : a novel
Handbook of mindfulness in education : Integrating Theory and Research into Practice
Making us crazy : DSM: the psychiatric bible and the creation of mental disorders
Women, madness and medicine
Stigma and mental illness
My age of anxiety : fear, hope, dread, and the search for peace of mind
Group supervision in nursing care : a longitudinal study of psychiatric nurses' experiences and conceptions
A clinician's guide to statistics and epidemiology in mental health : measuring truth and uncertainty
The psychological society : a critical analysis of psychiatry, psychotherapy, psychoanalysis and the psychological revolution
Come here : a man overcomes the tragic aftermath of childhood sexual abuse
The powers of psychiatry
Conduct disorder among girls: violent behaviour, suicidality and comorbidity:
a study of adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Are the Keys in the Freezer : an Advocates Guide for Alzheimer's and other Dementias
This handbook addresses the educational uses of mindfulness in schools. It summarizes the state of the science and describes current and emerging applications and challenges throughout the field. It explores mindfulness concepts in scientific, theoretical, and practical terms and examines training opportunities both as an aspect of teachers' professional development and a means to enhance students' social-emotional and academic skills. Chapters discuss mindfulness and contemplative pedagogy programs that have produced positive student outcomes, including stress relief, self-care, and improved classroom and institutional engagement. Featured topics include: * A comprehensive view of mindfulness in the modern era. * Contemplative education and the roots of resilience. * Mindfulness practice and its effect on students' social-emotional learning. * A cognitive neuroscience perspective on mindfulness in education that addresses students' academic and social skills development. * Mindfulness training for teachers and administrators. * Two universal mindfulness education programs for elementary and middle school students. The Handbook of Mindfulness in Education is a must-have resource for researchers, graduate students, clinicians, and practitioners in psychology, psychiatry, education, and medicine, as well as counseling, social work, and rehabilitation therapy.
Oxford textbook of psychiatry
Occupational therapy and mental health
Madness explained : psychosis and human nature
Telling madness : narrative, diagnosis, power, and literary theory
Early-onset depressive disorders, related mental health disorders and substance use-a prospective, longitudinal study of finnish twins born 1983-1987
Oxford textbook of philosophy and psychiatry
Three clinical studies of deaf-mutism and psychiatry
The angel of history : a novel
Psychiatric emergencies : intervention and resolution
Psychiatry and the Deaf
Before Freud : hysteria and hypnosis in later nineteenth-century psychiatric cases
Shrinks : the untold story of psychiatry
Essentials of physical health in psychiatry
Ethnicity and the dementias
Adolescent psychiatric inpatients with first hospitalization due to anorexia nervosa : can rehospitalization be predicted by clinical features?
Tiivistelmä: Pakon käyttö psykiatristen potilaiden sairaalahoidossa Suomessa : osio yhteispohjoismaista projektia Paternalism and Autonomy.
The far side of madness
Psychiatric cultures compared : psychiatry and mental health care in the twentieth century
Use of drugs in psychiatry : the evidence from psychopharmacology
Somatization in young adults:the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort Study
Occupational therapy in long-term psychiatry
How best to evaluate and monitor learning in specialist training in psychiatry?
Psychiatric drug withdrawal : a guide for prescribers, therapists, patients, and their families
Bullying behaviour in relation to psychiatric disorders, suicidality and criminal offences:a study of under-age adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Rethinking depression : how to shed mental health labels and create personal meaning
Religion and spirituality in psychiatry
This was the bland phrase used to describe Luise’s sudden death in the psychiatric ward at Amager Hospital in Copenhagen, Denmark. She was 32. Dear Luise is a mother’s deeply personal account of her struggle to ensure her daughter’s survival through 20 years of treatment in the Danish mental health system. It is an alarming – and thoroughly documented – exposé of the abject failure of the medication-based treatment regimen routinely imposed on vulnerable psychiatric patients. This book is also a poignant tale of love and hope, brimming with tender memories of the creativity, originality and wry humor of a very capable, intelligent young woman.
Psychiatry in a troubled world : yesterday's war and today's challenge
