http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p437 emissions
emissions
"This book covers the integration of chemical fate modeling for use in Geographic Information System (GIS) functions. It features a practical and hands-on approach that's intended for modelers preparing maps of chemical emissions, and creating landscape and climate properties within a GIS, while chemical fate calculations are performed using specialized model codes. A relevant part of the book also discusses data retrieval and processing as a basis for modeling. As such, the book offers a one-stop reference for practitioners who wish to integrate GIS with chemical modeling"--
The soil will save us! : how scientists, farmers, and foodies are healing the soil to save the planet
Medium-run projections for greenhouse gas emissions arising from agriculture: the case of milk production in Estonia
Industrial metabolism and river basin studies : a new approach for the analysis of chemical pollution
Air pollution control manual of continuous emission monitoring
John Houghton's market-leading textbook is now in full colour and includes the latest IPCC findings, making it the definitive guide to climate change. Written for students across a wide range of disciplines, its simple, logical flow of ideas gives an invaluable grounding in the science and impacts of climate change and highlights the need for action on global warming. Is there evidence for climate changing due to human activities? How do we account for recent extremes of weather and climate? Can global electricity provision and transport ever be carbon free? Written by a leading figure at the forefront of action to confront humanity's most serious environmental problem, this undergraduate textbook comprehensively explores these and other issues, allowing students to think through the problem, assess the data and draw conclusions on the action that should be taken, by governments, by industry and by each and every one of us.
Renewable energy and climate policies : studies in the forest and energy sector
Boreal forest soil contains significant amounts of organic carbon. Soil disturbance, caused for example by site preparation or stump extraction, may increase decomposition and thus lead to higher CO2 emissions, contributing to global warming. The aim of this study was to quantify responses of soil-surface CO2 fluxes (Rs) and litter (needle and root) decomposition rates following various kinds of soil disturbance commonly caused by mechanical site preparation and stump harvest. For this purpose four treatments were applied in a clear-cut site in central Sweden: i) removal of the humus layer and top 2 cm of mineral soil, ii) placement of a humus layer and 2 cm of mineral soil upside down on top of undisturbed soil, forming a double humus layer buried under mineral soil, iii) heavy mixing of the humus layer and mineral soil, and iv) no disturbance (control). Rs measurements were acquired with a portable respiration system during two growing seasons. To assess the treatments' effects on litter decomposition rates, needles or coarse roots (Ø = 6 mm) were incubated in litterbags at positions they would be located after the treatments (buried, or on top of the soil). The results indicate that site preparation-simulating treatments have no effect or may significantly reduce, rather than increase, CO2 emissions during the following two years. They also show that buried litter decomposes more rapidly than litter on the surface, but in other respects the treatments have little effect on litter decomposition rates..
Implementation of interventions in the CHIMACA project
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Volatile organic compounds emitted from silver birch and European aspen in response to environmental stresses
Production and emission of nitrous oxide in a sewage treatment plant
On exhaust emissions from petrol-fuelled passenger cars at low ambient temperatures
Transaction costs under the Finnish CDM/JI Pilot Programme
Low-carbon energy : a roadmap
The danish green certificate system : some simple analytical results
The chemical composition, in vitro rumen fermentation variables and methane (CH₄) output of a range of common forb species sampled in spring and summer, and grass silage (14 treatments in total), were determined in this study. Dried, milled herbage samples were incubated in an in vitro rumen batch culture with rumen microbial inoculum (rumen fluid) and buffered mineral solution (artificial saliva) at 39 °C for 24 hours. All herbage chemical composition and in vitro rumen fermentation variables were affected (p<0.001) by treatment. Rumex obtusifolius (in spring and summer), Urtica dioica (summer) and Senecio jacobaea (summer) had lower (p<0.05) CH₄ outputs relative to feed dry matter incubated compared with grass silage, reflecting their lower extent of in vitro rumen fermentation.
Weak and semi-strong forms of informational efficiency in the EU ETS markets
European Emissions Trading and Carbon Leakage : Assessing the Need for Improvement in the ETS Directive
In order to respond to increasing global food demand and provide for national economic growth, the Estonian Dairy Strategy for 2012−2020 aims to achieve a 30% growth in milk production. At the same time, there is a global attempt to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. This paper analyses the medium-term (2015−2020) projections for milk production and associated GHG emissions from dairy cows in Estonia. The FAPRI-GOLD type market model of Estonian agriculture, which is used for projections of agricultural production, was supplemented with a module that helps project GHG emissions. The paper demonstrates the endogenisation of GHG emission factors in a relatively general agricultural market model context. The results imply that increasing milk production by 30% by 2020 would jeopardise Estonia's commitments with regard to agricultural GHG emissions. However, the average GHG emission per tonne of produced milk will decline, thus reducing the “carbon footprint” of milk production.
Environmental goods and services sector
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Continuum - Rethinking BAT Emissions of the Pulp and Paper Industry in the European Union.
Gaseous emissions in cold uninsulated dairy buildings
Impact of site-preparation on soil-surface CO2 fluxes and litter decomposition in a clear-cut in Sweden
Environmental Effects of Gas Conversion : Engines of Power Plants
Reducing Emissions by Practical Solutions in Port of Mussalo
Stationary source emissions : measurement of velocity and volume flowrate of gas streams in ducts = Émissions de sources fixes : mesurage de la vitesse et du débit-volume des courants gazeux dans des conduites
"This book explores the relationship between urban form and greenhouse gas emissions in China, providing new insights for policy, urban planning and management. Drawing on the results of a four-year multidisciplinary research project, the book examines how factors such as urban households' access to services and jobs, land use mixes and provision of public transport impact on greenhouse gas emissions. The authors analyse data from a wide range of sources including 4677 sample households from four major Chinese cities--Beijing, Shanghai, Wuhan and Xi'an--with diverse locations, urban spatial structures and population sizes. The book explores residents' attitudes to reducing GHG emissions and advances knowledge relating to three environmental scales--cross-metropolitan, intra-city and neighbourhood level. It also contributes to debates on low carbon policy by revealing the relevance of urban planning parameters at both the macro and micro levels. The book will be of interest to scholars in the areas of urban planning, urban management, environmental sustainability and resource utilisation, as well as urban policy makers and planners who are working toward developing low carbon, sustainable cities of the future" -- Provided by publisher.
Assessment of long-range transboundary air pollution : report prepared within the framework of the Convention on long-range transboundary air pollution
National cost curve analysis for SO2 and NOx emission control
Windfall : the booming business of global warming
Carbon dioxide and methane exchange between a boreal pristine lake and the atmosphere
Observations of long-lived airborne and deposited radioactivity in Finland 1995-1997
Recent and future development of emissions of nitrogen oxides in Europe
Workshop on the costs of limiting fossil fuel CO2 emissions, London, 7 and 8 January 1991 : summary record ; Workshop on the economic analysis of limiting energy-related greenhouse gas emissions, Washington, 30 April and 1 May 1991 : summary record
Analysis of the quality of wastewater from the service stations located in the operative area of Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority
Review of progress at industrial hot spots
Carbon dioxide exchange on cultivated and afforested boreal peatlands
Transporting swimmers to temporary training places : how much money and time can be saved and emissions reduced by combining transportation
Overview of national programmes to reduce greenhouse gas emmissions
CH4 emissions from a West Siberian mire
Benefits of reduced eutrophication : evidence from Finland, the Baltic Sea area and Europe for policy making
Behavior of black liquor nitrogen in combustion : formation of cyanate
Cooperation and paradoxes in climate economics
Chemical equilibrium in flue gas scrubbers and in aqueous solutions of combustion residues
"The book provides the fundamental knowledge necessary for the application of GIS in solving chemical fate modeling problems"--
Utilization of greenhouse gases
Carbon finance : the financial implications of climate change
Towards a new climate regime? : views of China, India, Japan, Russia and The United States on the road to Copenhagen
Interlaboratory Proficiency Test 6/2014 : gross and net calorific values in fuels
NOx/SOx emissions and carbon abatement
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran contamination of sediments and photochemical decontamination of soils
Estimation of greenhouse gas balance for forestry-drained peatlands
Variation of Air Pollutant Concentrations in Residential Areas of the Helsinki Metropolitan Region
Energy in Finland. Pocketbook 2007
Air pollution across boundaries : report prep. within the framework of the Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution
Fate of nitrogen in the chemical recovery cycle of a kraft pulp mill
The Sulphur Commission : final report
Operational strategies of two-phase partitioning bioreactors for the treatment of n-hexane
Energy and environment
Biofuels for traffic feedstock evaluation in the Satakunta region
Towards a new climate regime? : the key players gearing up for Copenhagen
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Joint Polish–Finnish sampling of surface waters around the phosphogypsum waste stacks in Gdańsk and Police from 1 to 3 July 2013 : results of the expedition
Catching mercury : mercury in Lake Vänern and Swedish catchments
Continuum : rethinking BAT emissions of the pulp and paper industry in the European Union
Particulate and gaseous emissions from large-scale medium speed diesel engines
Man and the Baltic Sea. Part I & Part II
Reducing particulate emissions in traffic and transport
[Abstract].
Direct energy (electricity and heating) consumption was measured from one broiler house in southern Finland. CO2 emissions were also calculated. Six broiler flocks were reared per year with an average of 26 000 birds per flock. Heating constituted the major energy input, averaging 1.3 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. It varied greatly between seasons and was highest during the cold period. Using renewable energy for heating remarkably reduces CO2 emissions compared to fossil energy. Electricity consumption averaged 0.08 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. The greatest energy saving potential can be found in heating. CO2 emissions can be lowered to similar levels as in warmer countries by using biofuels for heating. Ventilation control is one possibility for direct energy savings in broiler production. Feed production is one of the key elements when total energy consumption is considered.
Fluidized bed combustion and flue gas emissions : prospects and role
A significant proportion of the world's investment assets lie with companies whose business activities produce large emissions of carbon dioxide. In the future, climate policy emissions restrictions will affect these companies' ability to operate, which could lower their value. The consequence could be a substantial risk for investors who do not make timely provision against this 'carbon risk'. The fact that the carbon risk is hidden within investors' investment portfolios will simply serve to undermine confidence between market actors..
The use of 1,1,1-trichloroethane and carbon tetrachloride in Finland and their impact on the environment
Automobile exhaust emission testing : measurement of regulated and unregulated exhaust gas components, exhaust emission tests
EGR rsponse in a turbo-charged and after-cooled DI diesel engine and its effects on smoke opacity
Emissions of NOx from baltic shipping and first estimates of their effects on air quality and eutrophication of the Baltic Sea
Reformulated fuels reduce automotive emissions
Environmentally friendly transportation
Learn-by-doing and carbon abatement
Technical note on best available technologies not entailing excessive costs for heavy metal emissions from non-ferrous industrial plants : final report, May 1991
Shipboard marine pollution emergency plan
Results from the Swedish National Screening Programme 2006.. Subreport 4, Pharmaceuticals
Comparison of CO2 emission levels for internal combustion engine and fuel cell automotive propulsion systems
Urban form and greenhouse gas emissions : summary
Assessing greenhouse gas emission from waste management in EU countries
Final report of the halons : technical options committee
In-use vehicle emissions control in Finland: introduction and practical experience
Lead pollution : causes and control
Application of mathematical modeling for water environment problems
Greenhouse Gas Assessment of Nokian Tyres
Effects of forest management on sustainability of integrated timber and energy wood production : scenario analysis based on ecosystem model simulations
Ancillary benefits and costs of greenhouse gas mitigation : proceedings of an IPCC Co-Sponsored Workshop, held on 27-29 March 2000, in Washington D.C
Regulatory dispersion modelling of traffic-originated pollution
Direct energy consumption and CO2 emissions in a Finnish broiler house - a case study
Think globally, act locally! A small country case study in reducing net CO2 emissions by carbon fixation policies
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
State of the terrestrial environment in the joint Finnish, Norwegian and Russian border area on the basis of bioindicators : final technical report of the Pasvik Environment Monitoring Programme
Tiivistelmä: Transporting swimmers to temporary training places : how much money and time can be saved and emissions reduced by combining transportation.
Fuel switching, energy saving and carbon trading : three ways to control carbon dioxide emissions in the Finnish forest industry
Engines retrofit plan for straddle carriers : Goal is to achieve better emission classification
Soil CO2 efflux in boreal pine forests in the current climate and under CO2 enrichment and air warming
Report of the Expert Workshop on Greenhouse Gas Emissions Strategies and Methods in Seafood
Development of biogenic VOC emission inventories for the boreal forest
International seminar on "Particle emissions" Helsinki University of Technology, Espoo, March 11-12, 1987
Abstract: Development of advanced sewage treatment for sustainable water reuse.
Air quality and deposition
Can the EU budget support climate policy in Central and Eastern Europe?
Finnish 2002 inventory of HFC, PFC and SF6 emissions
Abstract: Biofuels for traffic feedstock evaluation in the Satakunta region.
Emission control and purification in pulp and paper mills
Classification of SOx Scrubber for Ships
Solid wood-based fuels in energy production in Finland
The Research and Development of Garbage Burning Power
Highly hydrophobic volatile organic compounds (VOCs) such as n-hexane have major impacts on the environment and human health and for this reason their release to the atmosphere should be prevented. This set off the development of various treatment technologies, one of them being biological treatment systems. These systems are known for their cost-effectiveness and their low environmental impact. A disadvantage of these systems when applied to the treatment of hydrophobic VOCs is their poor mass transfer from the gas phase to the aqueous phase. Therefore, the use of a two-phase partitioning bioreactor can function as an effective alternative for hydrophobic VOC treatment. TPPBs are based on the addition of a non-aqueous phase (NAP), either liquid solvent or solid polymer, to overcome the mass transfer limitation. In this study different operational strategies were assessed to find the most feasible strategy in operating a two-phase partitioning bioreactor for the treatment of n-hexane. During 80 days of operation, different experimental operation modes were used including silicone oil addition, addition of a hydrophilic consortium and operation at a medium exchange rate (MER) of 0.5 L day-1. The addition of silicone oil had already a significant increase in elimination capacity (EC). The addition of a hydrophilic consortium was characterized with twice as high EC, but did not last for very long. Eventually when a MER of 0.5 L day-1 was applied a high steady EC was reached. Therefore changing the medium at a rate of 0.5 L dat-1 was the most effective operation mode for keeping a high and stable biodegradation of n-hexane. During this period the EC and removal efficiency (RE) reached values of 21 ±1.5 g m-3 h-1 and 80 ± 5 %, respectively. Therefore, these operational conditions should be considered for potential application of TPPBs at large scales.
Effects of rotation period on biomass production and atmospheric CO2 emissions from broadleaved stands growing on abandoned farmland
Carbon emissions and sequestration by forests : case studies of seven developing countries
Emissions into air by industry
Clean power from solid fuels
Environmental protection in the Finnish forest industry in 2001.
Helsinki Metropolitan Area climate report : emission trends in 2008
Preventing carbon leakage with consumption-based emission policies?
Implications of and possible responses to climate change in Sub-Saharan Africa
Informational efficiency of the European Union emission allowance market
Nitrous oxide emissions from selected natural and managed northern ecosystems
Fluxes of lead, cadmium and mercury in the Finnish environment and the use of biomonitors in checking trace metals
Voluntary actions for energy-related CO2 abatement
Saving Kyoto : an insider's guide to how it works, why it matters and what it means for the future
Linking an EU emission reduction target beyond 20 % to energy security in Central and Eastern Europe
Tackling climate change through livestock : a global assessment of emissions and mitigation opportunities
Preparing emission reporting from forests : use of national forest inventories in European countries
Hydrogen soil deposition and atmospheric variations in the boreal zone
Ways of reducing consumption and emission of potent greenhouse gases (HFCs, PFCs and SF6
Russian pledge vs. business-as-usual : implementing energy efficiency policies can curb carbon emissions
Foreign direct investment, clean development mechanism, and environmental management : a case of Sub-Saharan Africa
The benefits of climate change policies : analytical and framework issues
Towards low carbon cities in China : urban form and greenhouse gas emissions
One-site calibration of the continuous gas emission measurement methods at the power plant
Diesel Emissions on CD-ROM from the SAE 2004 World Congress
Heating Systems in Finland and China
Simulating energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions in Finnish residential buildings
Comparison of regional and ecosystem CO2 fluxes
Enhancing methane production in a farm-scale biogas production system
NOx adsorber catalysts with improved desulfation properties and enchanced low-temperature activity
Low oil price reveals implications of carbon risk
Fluxes of nitrous oxide on natural peatlands in Vuotos, an area projected for a hydroelectric reservoir in northern Finland
Low-waste and non-waste technology in the iron and steel industry
Handbook of diesel engines
Environmental pricing : studies in policy choices and interactions
Best environmental practices in metal mining operations
Pollution : causes, effects and control
Future heavy duty diesel lubricants for low emission engines
Strategies and policies for air pollution abatement : 1990 major review prepared under the Convention on long-range transboundary air pollution
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
Data production chain in monitoring of emissions
Reaction kinetics and reactor modelling in the design of catalytic reactors for automotive exhaust gas abatement
Review, Assessment and Development of Search Engine for Residential Wood Combustion
UV-induced NOy emissions in gas-exchange chambers enclosing Scots pine shoots : an analysis on their origin and significance
It's not easy being green : one family's journey towards eco-friendly living
Forest industry, environment, nature : trends 1991
The Haynes emissions control manual
In vitro rumen methane output of forb species sampled in spring and summer
The impact of emissions trading on the price of electricity in Nord Pool : market power and price determination in the Nordic electricity market
Pasvik Water Quality until 2013 : Environmental Monitoring Programme in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian Border Area
Use of biomass fuels in the brick-making industries of Sudan : implications for deforestation and greenhouse gas emission
Dairy cow excreta patches change the boreal grass swards from sink to source of methane
Routing analysis via Baltica, 2015 impacts of sulphur restrictions on transport service production : case: DSV Road Oy
Odour and ammonia emissions from livestock farming
2006 Spring Technical Conference of the ASME Internal Combustion Engine Division : May 7-10, 2006, Aachen, Germany
Measurements of PM1, PM2.5 and PM10 in air at Nordic background stations using low-cost equipment
Emission measurements from fibrous thermal insulation materials
Climate impacts of peat fuel utilization chains : a critical review of the Finnish and Swedish life cycle assessments
We studied methane (CH₄) flux rates from experimental excreta patches on a dairy pasture with a chamber technique during snow free seasons and with a gas gradient technique during winter from timothy-meadow fescue sward with mineral N fertilization (220 kg ha-1) and from grass-white clover mixture without fertilization. The dung and urine patches were applied in June or August two consecutive grazing seasons and the measurements were carried out for a year following each application. There were no significant differences in CH₄  fluxes between plant species and emissions originated mainly from the fresh dung pats. The average annual CH₄ fluxes from the control sites without excreta were -0.60±0.1 and with the excreta 0.47±0.3 kg CH₄ ha-1. Thus, excreta originating from dairy cows can turn boreal swards from weak sinks to small sources of CH₄. However, these emissions are only 0.2% of the total CH₄ emissions from a dairy cow.
The road from Kyoto : current CO3 and transport policies in IEA
The atlas of global conservation : changes, challenges and opportunities to make a difference
Methane fluxes and their environmental controls in the littoral zone of Boreal lakes
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions : characterization and comparison to other combustion units
Emissions mitigation in New Zealand dairy farming : a delphi study
Study on soot and other refractory components from various combustion processes
GIS based chemical fate modeling : principles and applications
Greenhouse gas emissions in Finland 1988 and 1990 : energy, industrial, and transport activities
Energy and climate change : an IEA source-book for Kyoto and beyond
NOx adsorber catalyst technology has been successfully applied on diesel vehicles to enable them to satisfy stringent NOx emission regulations. One limitation of this technology is the requirement to regularly desulfate the adsorber to maintain high NOx conversion efficiency. In addition to adding significant engine and calibration complexity, these high temperature desulfation events accelerate the thermal degradation of the exhaust system components. Minimization of the severity and the frequency of the desulfation events is highly desirable. Laboratory studies to understand desulfation processes and to identify improved NOx Adsorber washcoat compositions are described. These studies led to a new generation of NOx adsorber catalysts with reduced desulfation temperatures, faster desulfation rates and enhanced low-temperature activity. The new generation of catalysts also enabled the potential for PGM thrifting, especially for applications with low engine- out NOx emissions. These PGM thrifted catalysts demonstrated excellent performance after exposure to long-term sulfation/desulfation/thermal aging cycles.
Reduction of volatile organic compounds from dry-cleaning facilities
Abstract: Emission control and purification in pulp and paper mills.
An industry in transition : environmental significance of strategic reaction and proaction mechanisms of the Finnish pulp and paper industry
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon emissions from residental wood combustion
The release of cadmium and mercury into the Finnish environment
Reduction of particulate emissions in compression ignition engines
Global warming : the complete briefing
Ethanol production under endogenous crop prices : theoretical analysis and application to barley
Handbook for the 1979 convention on long-range transboundary air pollution and its  protocols
Development of advanced sewage treatment for sustainable water reuse
Ships, sulphur and climate : is it a good time to reduce the sulphur emissions from shipping?
This thoughtful book explores the scope of environmental pricing and examines a variety of national experiences in environmental policy integration to identify the most effective use of taxation and policy for environmental sustainability.
Methods to reduce CO2 emissions from offices and public events inFinland
The cost-efficiency of water-based marine emission abatement
Biomass gasification to heat, electricity and biofuels : HighBio project publication
Energy in Finland. Pocketbook 2013
Exhaust emissions from combustion machinery
Energy in Finland. Pocketbook 2015
Chemical equilibrium studies on trace elements and two process problems in solid fuel combustion
Improving energy efficiency and environmental sustainability of a bulk carrier
Impacts of climate change and forest management on monoterpene emission and needle secondary compounds of boreal Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Ambient air quality : standard method for the determination of mercury deposition
Achieving cost efficiency with the 30% greenhouse gas emission reduction target of the EU
Inventory of volatile organic compound emissions in Finland, 1985.
Speciated hydrocarbon emissions from aromatic, olefinic, and paraffinic model fuels
Emissions of peat combustion and their control
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
Emissions in 2-stroke and small 4-stroke engines
Stakeholder involvement in developing LNG as a ship fuel in the Baltic Sea region
