http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4381 reorganisation of a business
reorganisation of a business corporate restructuring
Corporate spin-offs value creation : parent & spin-off view
International business mergers and acquisitions in Japan
Mergers & acquisitions in China : law and practice
Identifying and managing the target company ́s customers in cross-border acquisitions
Post-merger integration in mid-size professional services company : case: Global Intelligence Alliance
This insightful book focuses upon corporate governance processes, and explores the conditions required for effective corporate governance and control in 21st century globalized and financialized economies. In presenting a comprehensive study of a cross-border hostile corporate take-over process, describing the actors, institutions and events involved, this book examines and questions the current forms of corporate governance and control - both from a national and a global perspective. Using Old Mutual's takeover of Skandia as a case study, the authors address corporate governance theory, and h
Corporate Governance in Modern Financial Capitalism : old mutual's hostile takeover of Skandia
Advances in mergers and acquisitions
Problematic departures : CEO exits in large Swedish publicly traded corporations
The decision to carry out a merger or acquisition is certainly a risky one, not least because of the number of variables influencing the final outcome. It is also a decision frequently based on the wrong objectives and an incorrect evaluation process. With this in mind, this important new book offers solutions for reducing the high percentage of mergers and acquisitions (M & As) that fail. It adopts a normative approach, using theoretical analysis to show what managers could and should do to increase shareholders' value through successful M & A strategies. It also explores the conditions that are suitable for favouring a certain type of M&A (horizontal, vertical, or diversified) over the others.
Earnings management in purchase price allocations : Effects on analysts' forecasts
Colombia as a target country for a strategic cross-border acquisition
Reorganization of a business in value added taxation
Downstream, more open waters
Mergers : leadership, performance and corporate health
The role of brands in international mergers and acquisitions with relation to financial performance
Experiencing the post-acquisition integration process : case study: the acquisition of Marioff Corporation Oy
"A complete guide to organization design, this book offers both an understanding of organizational theory as well as practical advice for how to implement OD in any organization. Divided into three sections, it covers the fundamentals of organizational design, provide a unique step-by-step methodology, and discuss solutions to recurring challenges. Topics include: the essential building blocks, mapping design options, how to assess capability maturity, how to size an organization, and how to maintain design integrity over time. Readers will gain the confidence and skills to put great organization design into practice to ensure business success. This second edition is updated with new case studies and short examples throughout particularly focusing on adding HR and International studies, more tips for practitioners, summaries at the beginning of each chapter and reflections at the end of each chapter"--
Making mergers work : the strategic importance of people
Human resources in Cross-border M&A
Cross-border takeovers and takeover defences
Guide to insolvency in Europe
Nationalism in cross-border acquisitions : a media analysis of the Sanofi-Aventis case
Due diligence : the critical stage in mergers and acquisitions
Media mergers and the defence of pluralism
Brand integration process in horizontal mergers and acquisitions : case: Procter & Gamble and Gillette Company
Company reconstruction and the status of the employees
Culture as a part of cross-border M&A deal : a study on the post-deal cultural integration
A multi-method empirical study of Finnish SME restructurings
Three Case-Studies on Common Software Process Problems in Software Company Acquisitions
The effect of managerial ownership on M&A performance
Business continuity management : guidance on human aspects of business continuity : PD 25111:2010
Mergers and acquisitions
Long-run post-merger performance of the finnish companies
Employee communication during mergers and acquisitions
An arranged marriage under institutional duality : the local integration process between two globally merging MNCs' subsidiaries
A model of corporate acquisition and its application in MBO pricing problem in China
Mastering the acquirer's innovation dilemma : knowledge sourcing through corporate acquisitions
Managing mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances : integrating people and cultures
Who says elephants can't dance? : inside IBM's historic turnaround
The principle on employee protection in a merger and a transfer of an undertaking
Acquisition : strategy and implementation
Why do mergers and acquisitions fail, and how can the probability of failure be decreased : case: DaimlerChrysler
Regional differences in strategic cross-border acquisitions : pre-acquisition process, motives and ownership structure
Corporate governance
Corporate rescue : an overview of recent developments from selected countries in Europe
Mergers and acquisitions : a guide to creating value for stakeholders
"This has been quite some chaos" : integrating information systems after a merger : a case study
Business continuity management : guidance on organization recovery following disruptive incidents : PD 25888:2011
The corporate finance handbook
The role of advisory services conducting due diligence process in the context of M&As
Silent forces in cross-border acquisitions : an integrative perspective on post-acquisition integration
Surviving M&A : make the most of your company being acquired
In recent years the continuity of many firms has been achieved by restructuring, a task which takes up a great deal of senior management's time. Written for busy managers and executives, this book is a practical guide to the process of restructuring, covering both debt and operational restructures.
The EU merger regulation and the anatomy of the merger task force
The effect of business cycles and other determinants on acquisition premium
The art of M & A integration : a guide to merging resources, processes, and responsibilities
International antitrust law & policy
Struggle over "who we are" : a discursive perspective on organizational identity change
The global M & A tango : how to reconcile cultural differences in mergers, acquisitions and strategic partnerships
Advances in mergers and acquisitions. 4
Almost 70% of mergers fail, yet deals are essential for growing world-class companies. Therefore they must use all the tools and techniques at their disposal to improve their chances of success.
Valuation : the market approach
The executive guide to corporate restructuring
The Asia-Pacific restructuring and insolvency guide 2006
Mergers and acquisitions as means to transfer technology
The Lenovo affair : the growth of China's computer giant and its takeover of IBM-PC
Walking away from the pre-acquisition phase
Raising the corporate umbrella : corporate communication in the 21st century
Interorganizational relations : selected readings
Modelling European mergers : theory, competition policy and case studies
Information system integration in mergers and acquisitions
Deals of the century : Wall Street, mergers, and the making of modern America
Towards a sustainable European company law : a normative analysis of the objectives of EU law, with takeover directive as a testcase
Due diligence : definitive steps to succesful business combinations
With solutions to many of the tough personnel-related issues, this comprehensive book provides insider's information to CEOs, CFOs, and human resource executives to ensure successful mergers and acquisitions. Tips are given on issues regarding clashes of culture, management disagreements about the future of the new company, loss of productivity, loss of key talent, and the ability to manage change. Written by 13 senior consultants from one of the world's largest management and human resources consulting firms, this book covers the crucial elements of effective personnel management to allow for strategically successful mergers and acquisitions.
The management of mergers and acquisitions
Financial modelling techniques as an essential part of M&A transactions : case: EasyJet Plc. and Tiger Airways Holdings Ltd
Acquirers' shareholder's wealth gain : empirical evidence from Finland
Corporate restructuring and the role of labour law
Creating value from mergers and acquisitions : the challenges
Why did the perfect marriage end : case Cloetta Fazer
Mergers and acquisitions : a critical reader
Helping the transfer of businesses : a "good practice guide" of measures for supporting the transfer of businesses to new ownership
Organizational change, leadership and ethics : leading organizations towards sustainability
Success and failure of mergers and acquisitions in the perspective of commercial due diligence
The Asia-Pacific restructuring and insolvency guide 2003/2004
Intelligent M&A : navigating the mergers and acquisitions minefield
Modern financial management
Merger and acquisition strategies : how to create value
Turnaround, shutdown and outage management : effective planning and step-by-step execution of planned maintenance operations
Making mergers work : a guide to managing mergers and acquisitions
Managing the merger : making it work
Effects of hostility on the long-term post-acquisition performance of acquirers
Transfer pricing and business restructurings : streamlining all the way
Considerations for cross-border business takeovers : challenges and possibilities for a medium sized case company
How do innovations affect mergers and acquisitions?
Mergers, acquisitions, and other restructuring activities : an integrated approach to process, tools, cases, and solutions
Organization design : a guide to building effective organizations
Investment, merger and acquisition in China : an analysis of the practice of investment and M&A in China
"The family firm preparing generational change, the partnership that welcomes new partners, and the shareholders of a firm that chooses to go public are making decisions that will have an impact on strategy and management. Conversely, a change in strategy such as a move to diversify or a decision to take on more risk in a business can make the firm more attractive to some shareholders and less attractive to others and is therefore not ownership neutral. Opening the black box of agency theory, Korine and Gomez show how management and ownership interact to shape the strategy of the firm. In their view, the critical question to ask is not what is the best strategy, but rather, who is the strategy for? With numerous detailed examples, Strong Managers, Strong Owners is an invaluable resource for company owners, board members and executives, as well as their advisors in strategy and governance"--
"With the rate of change in organizations at an all-time high, the need for strong organization design has never been more pressing. Organization Design provides a complete road map to design and delivery and covers all the critical areas including downsizing, outsourcing, job design, change management and re-structuring. This thoroughly revised edition is a practical toolkit to take organization designers from start to finish, outlining the basic theory, providing a step-by-step approach to implementation, and offering solutions to the recurring challenges that will inevitably be met along the way"--
Mergers and acquisitions (hereafter also 'M&A') have been a common method for companies to grow and increase shareholder value. Brands relate to the experience stakeholders and herein especially customers enjoy when being in any interaction with a company. As a result of transactions, companies can only only ensure positive future financial performance and succeed in the market when also managing brand experiences systematically. This study examines the role of brands in international M&A with relation to financial performance among companies in Finland. The importance of brands in decision-making, the actions of brand management as well as the financial measurement of brands in transactions are in the focus of this study. Since this research was commissioned by a Finnish brand management consultancy called BrandWorxx Oy, the center of attention is also on suggestions for service development. The research at hand includes theories which are built around brands as well as M&A as key concepts. First of all, the term 'brand' is defined, the connection to financial performance illustrated and a systematic brand management process described. Next, M&A are introduced including motivations, the process as well as due diligence. After taking a look at company and brand valuation approaches, key concepts are connected and brand management as well as exploitation opportunities as part of M&A are shown. In order to meet the research objectives, empirical work with more qualitative but also quantitative aspects was carried out through mostly personal interviews. Results and findings show that the importance of brands as a decision-making criterion is of a relatively high importance level. However, brands are mostly not systematically managed nor financially tracked as part of transactions. Due to this, bigger financial value is assumed to be lost since stakeholders and especially customers are not in the focus of transactions. Finally, a need for the commissioning company to develop a specific service offering became obvious.The report thus provides detailed suggestions mentioned at the end of this study.
Cross-cultural impact on mergers and acquisitions : methods for successful integration
Chinese capital market takeover and restructuring guide
Danish business law
Competition policy in the global economy : modalities for cooperation
The changing world of oil : an analysis of corporate change and adaptation
This book is one of the very few published investigations of international business in a Japanese context, based on an up-to-date overview of the Japanese mergers and acquisitions (M&A) market in particular. The author explicates recent developments in Japanese business and shows how Japanese firms drastically change to reach out to become more globalized. The book can serve as a foundation in a teaching module for any Japan-related class in international business. Specifically, this publication reveals the inner workings of the Japanese business system. M&A activities covered here include those of foreign firms in Japan as well as Japanese firms investing domestically and in cross-border ventures. Illustrated by carefully chosen examples and supported by extensive data analyses, this book is highly recommended to readers who seek an in-depth understanding of the Japanese M&A market. The volume is enriched by case studies that explicitly illustrate the objectives of specific firms and how they successfully manage their M&A. The author brings to this work his 14 years of experience in Japan and has relied not only on English literature but also on original Japanese sources in creating this highly valuable contribution to the field.
Challenges in integration of CRM concepts, processes, and systems in the financial sector
The morning after : making corporate mergers work after the deal is sealed
How cultures interact in an international merger : case Merita Nordbanken
The influence of culture on international mergers : mergers between Finnish and Swedish companies
Discursive identity battle and the reformation of organisational identity in an M&A process
Advances in mergers and acquisitions. 2
Mergers & acquisitions : a practical guide for private companies and their UK and overseas advisers
M&A 1.0 : integration workbook
COMMUNICATION IN A MERGER
Essays on mergers and financial markets
Cross-border merger and acquisition (M&A) activity has experienced waves of popularity during the past fifty years. M&A plays an important role in today's business world. Yet, M&A activity has a relatively high failure rate which can be caused by many reasons, such as legitimacy and anti-monopoly. In fact, among these reasons, the human side of M&A is often ignored by managers, especially in phase of post-M&A. The objective of this thesis is to stress the importance of understanding what happens with managers and employees in the organization during the merger and acquisition process. Furthermore, the author will investigate what are the consequences of incomplete HR integration, and how to resolve these threats in order to achieve success in cross-border M&A. In order to achieve an in-depth understanding of cross-national M&A and importance of HR influence, literature study as the theoretical method and case study will be used. In case study, three unstructured interviews with WAHAHA general manager, technical director and sales manager who have extensive knowledge in this subject will be introduced. This research provides tenable results and suggestions on how to promote long-term development of HR in phase of post-M&A. This thesis found that there are three key elements that wield great influence on post M&A: corporate culture and identity, leadership and communication, and motivation and commitment. In conclusion, cultural marriage, leadership and management coordination, and effective communication help to achieve and measure HR integration in cross-border M&A. The target beneficiaries of this thesis include executives, managers and personnel who engage in cross-border M&A.
Strong managers, strong owners : corporate governance and strategy
EC competition law handbook : 2006/2007 edition
Post-merger intercultural communication in multinational companies : a linguistic analysis
Corporate takeovers : causes and consequences
Collective dominance : in the context of the EC merger regulation
Financial slack and bidding firms ́ takeover announcement stock returns : an event study
Nordisk/baltisk rekonstruktionsrätt - en jämförande rapport = Nordic/Baltic company reorganisation law - a comparative report
"Since Intelligent M&A was released in June 2007, the short and final chapter on How to survive a merger has received a lot of attention and the information provided therein appears to be robust enough to withstand that attention. Therefore, the proposed book will build on the organisation of that chapter and would be divided roughly into the following chapters: - Background on mergers and acquisitions: why companies merge and what happens to employees in those mergers - The first decision facing employees: stay or leave? - Attitude and personal performance - Timing issues: when to act? - Preparation during the pre-merger phase - Should you rely on your boss (and to what degree to 'trust' the company)? - The need to stay around the office - Taking care of your own team - Networking  internally and externally - Maintaining clients - The importance of flexibility in accepting new assignments - Preparing for the worst. Written in an engaging style, with real global case studies, this is an extremely valuable guide for any manager or employee concerned about their jobs when their companies are undergoing a corporate restructuring. (NB. The book is intended to be of use to readers globally. It therefore does not have a chapter on legal issues in being made redundant, as this information is out-dated quickly, isn't the expertise of the author and is available from experts elsewhere)"--Provided by publisher.
International antitrust law & policy 1994
Restructuring work and employment in Europe : managing change in an era of globalisation
Advances in mergers and acquisitions. 6
International mergers and joint ventures : annual proceedings of the Fordham corporate law institute, New York City on October 18 and 19, 1990
Mastering the merger : four critical decisions that make or break the deal
Mergers, acquisitions, and restructuring transactions reveal the inner workings of our economy. This title includes a chapter on the ways deals are financed, and more than 85 per cent of the 54 integrative case studies are new and involve transactions that have been announced or completed since 2010.
Mergers, acquisitions & strategic alliances : understanding the process
Harvard business review on mergers and acquisitions
Five frogs on a log : a CEO's field guide to accelerating the transition in mergers, acquisitions and gut wrenching change
