http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4382 corporate acquisitions
corporate acquisitions company acquisitions
Retailers’ strategic responses to institutional pressures: the case of Finnish multinational retailers in Russia
Walking away from the pre-acquisition phase
Mergers, restructuring, and corporate control : study guide
Accounting for M&A, equity, and credit analysts
Mergers, alliances and acquisitions in the Nordic agro and food industry : present situation and future development
Strategic objectives in cross-border acquisitions on the Russian market : the case of a Finnish ICT company
Abstract: This study discusses the supply chain of a small e-commerce company. The focus is on Supplier Relationship Management and procurement. The objective of this study was to give recommendations and suggestions for the case company to answer the current challenges and to improve the order fulfillment operations in order to avoid and eliminate risks. The research was conducted as a case study. The case study started with conducting a current state analysis of the case company's order fulfillment operations, including a process flow description. Challenges and risks were recognized based on this analysis. Data collection was based on interviews with case company employees working on the related operations. The researcher's own observations were also utilized as one method. Following the current state analysis a theoretical review on related topics was conducted. The topics discussed were Supply Chain Management, Procurement, E-procurement, Supplier relationship management, supplier acquisition and assessment and processes. This review was based on literature and earlier studies written on these topics.    Based on the findings from the theoretical practices and the current state of the order fulfillment recommendations were provided for the case company. The recommendations cover supplier measuring and assessment, demand consideration, supplier integration and establishing processes. These proposals were identified as the main areas of concentration in possible future improvement to be performed by the case company.
Strategy formulation and strategic achievements of PKC
Acquisition of shares in a foreign country : substantive law and legal opinions
Barriers to internet and e-commerce use by wood products export firms in Ghana
Due diligence in domestic vs. foreign acquisitions : variations in the Due Diligence process
The impact of a cross-border acquisition on the target company's business networks : case Carrus Oy - Turku
Business Plan for a New Online Clothing Store
Critical factors in company acquisition from buyer's point of view
A tool for organizations to quickly assess growth potential in foreign markets : Internationalization and the HS code
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail? : case study of an agricultural commodity exchange
Stock or cash : Financial and market-related determinants of the payment methods in mergers Ä acquisitions
Post acquisition integration of the purchasing activities : case Zao Stroymaster, the subsidiary of Rautakesko ltd
Defending against hostile takeover attempts with issue of shares : theoretical approach
To operate e-business of LED market in China
The relationships among merger relatedness, strategic aggressiveness, capability responsiveness and merger performance
Managing cultural challenges in cross-border acquisition : case study on post-acquisition integration of MNC and Chinese family-owned company
Acquisitions of minority shareholdings in the light of the EU merger control
Import-Export Business Plan
Advances in mergers and acquistitions. Vol. 7
Challenges of business negotiation communications between Finnish and Eastern European companies: a comparative study of ICT and agriculture sectors
Internationalization of SMEs : case Forssan LVI-Valmiste Oy
Cross-border merger and acquisition : a case study of Geely and Volvo̕̕ s brand acquisition
Succeeding on German markets : Penetrating German Christmas markets with Finnish products
Structuring corporate capital gains tax system in the European Union : a comparative Finnish perspective
International business mergers and acquisitions in Japan
Seizing the white space : innovative service concepts in the United States
Summary.
Takeovers, mergers and the regional economy
A Survey of Employees' Perception and Satisfaction at the Integration Phase of Cross-border Acquisition
Business development after SME business transfer : a case study
Public sector services for Finnish  SMEs to internationalize to China  : case "Turku - Tianjin project"
Study of customer motivation in large projects to purchase power supplies from an E-shop : case of Elcon Solutions Oy
Understanding mergers and acquisitions in the 21st century : a multidisciplinary approach
Management of organizational culture in acquisition integration
Financial management in hotel and catering operations
Acquirers' shareholder's wealth gain : empirical evidence from Finland
The steep approach to Garbadale
Barbarians at the gate : the fall of RJR Nabisco
"Since Intelligent M&A was released in June 2007, the short and final chapter on How to survive a merger has received a lot of attention and the information provided therein appears to be robust enough to withstand that attention. Therefore, the proposed book will build on the organisation of that chapter and would be divided roughly into the following chapters: - Background on mergers and acquisitions: why companies merge and what happens to employees in those mergers - The first decision facing employees: stay or leave? - Attitude and personal performance - Timing issues: when to act? - Preparation during the pre-merger phase - Should you rely on your boss (and to what degree to 'trust' the company)? - The need to stay around the office - Taking care of your own team - Networking  internally and externally - Maintaining clients - The importance of flexibility in accepting new assignments - Preparing for the worst. Written in an engaging style, with real global case studies, this is an extremely valuable guide for any manager or employee concerned about their jobs when their companies are undergoing a corporate restructuring. (NB. The book is intended to be of use to readers globally. It therefore does not have a chapter on legal issues in being made redundant, as this information is out-dated quickly, isn't the expertise of the author and is available from experts elsewhere)"--Provided by publisher.
The post M&A operating performance of Nordic acquirers
Drivers of acquisition activity
Managing acquisitions and greenfield operations
The acquisition of private companies
How a Small Japanese E-retailing Company Can Expand Its Operations Abroad : Case Agrade
Italian acquisitions in Russia : cultural impact in the post-acquisition integration process
Managing change successfully : using theory and experience to implement change
The challenges of Iranian small and medium-sized enterprises through process of internationalization
Post-merger integration in mid-size professional services company : case: Global Intelligence Alliance
Competitiveness analysis
Iran as potential business partner for Finnish SMEs
Corporate acquisitions and mergers in Germany : a practical guide to the legal, financial, and administrative implications
Management buyouts : a guide for the prospective entrepreneur
HR due diligence : mergers and acquisitions in China
The post-acquisition process of employee integration in cross-border acquisitions : case: Elter Networks Group
This text offers a comprehensive introduction to the theory and practice of e-business and e-commerce management. The author, Dave Chaffey, brings his trademarks of authority, clarity of expression and teaching expertise to bear on a subject in which he actively lectures and consults.
The objectives of this thesis is to discuss the e-commerce situation in Ethiopia and to make a brief business plan for a new startup online business based on the business plan to implement a web shop in the country. It provides a general overview theoretically and practically how to do online business in Ethiopia. It also discusses the business plan which is used as a springboard to start an online shop. The theoretical part help others as an information about the infrastructures and market situations in the country for the locals and outsiders. The main idea in this business plan is to use the market opportunity available and to fill the gap in the online market. According to the business plan, the company will be able to achieve its objectives. But we also should not forget that ShegerMarket, as a start-up company, may face challenges when penetrating into the market. Despite the challenges, the company has a great potential to achieve the goals and to be productive in the market. The next step for this business plan is the actual implementation of the webshop. The process of developing the web shop will start by doing research on the design and what features it should have. After this, the development work will continue immediately. The business will probably start in autumn 2015.
Post-transaction brand and model line-up integration in the automotive industry : case studies of European companies as target of acquisitions by Chinese and Indian multinational corporations
Corporate images in mergers and acquisitions : Case: acquistion of the Body Shop by L'Oréal
Business plan for e-commerce platform in Ethiopia
Developing business ethics in China
Changes and challenges in internal communications in post-acquisition integration
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating, sourcing and managing across cultures
Joining forces : making one plus one equal three in mergers, acquisitions, and alliances
Buyout : the insider's guide to buying your own company
E-business innovation and process management
Due diligence : the critical stage in mergers and acquisitions
Megamergers in a global economy : Causes and consequences
Seller's duty of disclosure i acquisition procedure
The operating performance and value creation of leveraged buyout investments : empirical firm-level evidence from Finland
Small business enterprise : an economic analysis
Doing business in China
Creating value through acquisitions, demergers, buyouts and alliances
Acquisition finance : risk assessment and risk division between the parties in leveraged buyout transactions
The effect of stock market performance on merger and acquisition activity and the methods of payment : a global perspective
Private equity finance : rise and repercussions
The integration process of personnel in international mergers and acquisitions : reasons for failures
Foreign acquisitions : management of the integration process
The role of due diligence in cross-border acquisitions
E-commerce outsourcing services for Finland's SMEs : case study : Shoppaamaan.fi
Acquisition target selection of a serial acquirer : case KONE Oyj
Digital business and e-commerce management : strategy, implementation and practice
Cases and materials on business associations : agency, partnerships, and corporations
Mergers and divestitures as a value creation process
The Effect of Culture on the Sales Process Within a Global Company. Case Company ABB Oy Distribution Automation Sales Unit.
Joint venture ownership changes and parent firm performance
Business transfer and business development in SMEs
Internal communication in an  acquisition : effects on work at JohnsonDiversey
The current international financial system has created a huge gap between the wealthy and the rest. Grounded and straightforward in his approach, Brahm calls for a turn away from economic systems dangerously steeped in ideology and stymied by politics, outlining a new global consensus based on pragmatism, common sense, and grass-roots realities.
The battle for corporate control : shareholder rights, stakeholder interests, and managerial responsibilities
The purpose of this thesis was to study strategy formulation and strategic achievements of the PKC Group to find out the success factors and to see if these success factors would be scalable for another companies operating in the same industry. The empirical data for this thesis was collected from the PKC Group's annual reports from 1997 – 2014. The theoretical information was based on Michael E. Porter's competitive strategy and competitive advantage theories and a collection of the articles around strategy theories and strategy related functions. The analysis of the annual reports presents the formulation of mission, vision, basic strategic targets and main achievements. It also shows that sustainable work for strategy and strategic target setting has proved to be a profitable investment and has made it possible for the PKC to grow from a modest Finnish company to a profitable and strong global corporation. Even though the findings of this research could not prove that any of the success factors of the PKC strategy could be scalable for other companies operating in the wiring harness industry, it pointed out that a clear definition for the strategy, mission and vision did help PKC achieve the set targets.
Threat or opportunity? acquisitions of minority shareholdings in the context of competition law, in light of the European Commission’s white paper: European Commission’s white paper: towards more effective EU merger control (COM (2014) 449 final)
HOW TO LAUNCH AN E-SHOP IN CHINA : CASE STUDY OF TAOBAO
How to launch an e-shop in China : case study of Taobao
Mergers and acquisitions : current problems in perspective
Company integration as a business strategy and post-acquisition phase : case study MacGREGOR Offshore Division, Hydramarine
Cross-border merger and acquisition (M&A) activity has experienced waves of popularity during the past fifty years. M&A plays an important role in today's business world. Yet, M&A activity has a relatively high failure rate which can be caused by many reasons, such as legitimacy and anti-monopoly. In fact, among these reasons, the human side of M&A is often ignored by managers, especially in phase of post-M&A. The objective of this thesis is to stress the importance of understanding what happens with managers and employees in the organization during the merger and acquisition process. Furthermore, the author will investigate what are the consequences of incomplete HR integration, and how to resolve these threats in order to achieve success in cross-border M&A. In order to achieve an in-depth understanding of cross-national M&A and importance of HR influence, literature study as the theoretical method and case study will be used. In case study, three unstructured interviews with WAHAHA general manager, technical director and sales manager who have extensive knowledge in this subject will be introduced. This research provides tenable results and suggestions on how to promote long-term development of HR in phase of post-M&A. This thesis found that there are three key elements that wield great influence on post M&A: corporate culture and identity, leadership and communication, and motivation and commitment. In conclusion, cultural marriage, leadership and management coordination, and effective communication help to achieve and measure HR integration in cross-border M&A. The target beneficiaries of this thesis include executives, managers and personnel who engage in cross-border M&A.
Sale of private and public companies by auction
Improving order fulfillment in an SME e-commerce company
Buying and selling private companies and businesses
Key persons in cross-border acquisitions - How to identify, retain and commit them?
Reluctant entrepreneurs : the extent, achievements and significance of worker takeovers in Europe
Separation and preservation as acculturation methods in a highly collaborative environment
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
Merges and Acquisitions : the Critical Role of Stakeholders
A study of the human side of two post-aquisition integration processes
Internationalization of SMEs : case Kymen Yrittäjät ry
A Finnish company's entry to Hungarian markets
Warren Buffett and the art of stock arbitrage : proven strategies for arbitrage and other special investment situations
Swift Levick Magnets and Galvatek sold
Value creation in mergers and acquisitions : a study of Swedish domestic and foreign takeovers
Why do mergers and acquisitions fail, and how can the probability of failure be decreased : case: DaimlerChrysler
Cross-border takeovers and takeover defences
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
Foreign acquisition entry strategies and performance of Finnish multinationals : the role of entry motives, institutions and host country capabilities
Decision-making of international small and medium-sized enterprises in a turbulent environment : case of Chinese small exporter
Making a successful acquisition : point of view of the personnel
Advances in mergers and acquistitions. Vol. 10
Enhancing capabilities sharing in acquisitions : -the perspective of human resources management
The aim of this thesis was to find out how the acquisition process and the transition period went from the point of view of the personnel in the acquired company, and also to create recommendations for future operations. This thesis was carried out as a case study and it includes both qualitative and quantitative data. An Internet link to an anonymous survey was sent to the personnel by e-mail in the end of November when the transition period was officially over. The survey was sent to 15 people of whom 14 answered. The response percentage was 93%.  The survey results reveal that in this acquisition the higher-level reporting regarding general issues was managed well, but more problems occurred as it came closer to daily operations. The general issues regarding the change were well informed during the transition period and the cutover went as smoothly as planned. The core problems consisted of a shortage of resources, the allocation of resources and inadequate training and testing. Internal communication supported the transition period well and the usage of different communication methods was versatile.
Readings in mergers and acquisitions
Value creation in private equity : a case study of outperforming buyouts in the Nordic Countries
Advances in mergers and acquisitions. Vol. 1
Integrating corporate brands in cross-border acquisitions : serial acquirer focus
Doing Business 2016 is the 13th publication in a series of annual reports comparing business regulation in 189 economies. This year the publication addresses regulations affecting 11 areas of everyday business activity including: Starting a business Dealing with construction permits Getting electricity Registering property Getting credit Protecting minority investors Paying taxes Trading across borders Enforcing contracts Resolving insolvency Labor market regulations Doing Business 2016 updates all indicators as of June 1, 2015, ranks economies on their overall ease of doing business, and analyzes reforms to business regulation identifying which economies are strengthening their business environment the most. This report illustrates how reforms in business regulations are being used to analyze economic outcomes for domestic entrepreneurs and for the wider economy. It is a flagship product produced by the World Bank Group that garners worldwide attention on regulatory barriers to entrepreneurship. More than 60 economies have used the Doing Business indicators to shape reform agendas and monitor improvements on the ground. In addition, the Doing Business data has generated over 2,000 articles in peer-reviewed academic journals since its inception.
Marketing across cultures
Business transfers and employee rights
Currency Risks and Currency Risk Management
Export Barriers for SMEs : A Case Study of Bangladeshi Small and Medium Sized Shrimp Exporting Companies to the European Market
Customer Satisfaction Survey for Business Customers
Essays on franchising in Finland : empirical findings on franchisors and franchisees, and their relationships
Earnings management in purchase price allocations : Effects on analysts' forecasts
How do high technology mergers and acquisitions affect the value creation of acquirer's R&D spending
Marketing strategy success and failure factors of German online start-ups
Mergers and acquisitions in the Netherlands : legal and tax aspects
Global latinas : Latin Americas emerging multinationals
Challenges of the export process : Case Olvi Plc.
Merger and acquisition as a mode of entry to foreign markets : case: Finnish Fair Corporation
Merger and acquisition strategies : how to create value
Almost 70% of mergers fail, yet deals are essential for growing world-class companies. Therefore they must use all the tools and techniques at their disposal to improve their chances of success.
Impact of foreign acquisition on research and development function of Finnish company
Business valuation for dummies
Regulating the takeover of Chinese listed companies : divergence from the West
Different environment, different people - understanding cultural differences in international acquisitions : case Fortum Jelgava
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
The instability of political regimes, prices and enterprise  financing and their impact on the external activities of  the Russian enterprises
Buying and selling a business : an entrepreneur's guide
Takeovers and acquiring-firm returns: evidence from Finland 2003-2008
The effect of managerial ownership on M&A performance
The morning after : making corporate mergers work after the deal is sealed
Business idea into reality : case : start-up company of gala dresses
Essays on the impacts of technology development and R&D subsidies
Challenges for communication management and public relations in international mergers and acquisitions
Business transfers in Finland : sellers' perspective
Corporate acquisitions and mergers in France d ; practical guide to the legal, financial and administrative implications
The thesis aims to reveal the strategic objectives of Finnish ICT company X in the cross-border acquisition of Y - a Russian ICT services provider. This study attempts to conclude a comprehensive pre-acquisition research and thereby contribute to the accomplishment of acquisition objectives. Why should company X acquire company Y? The author approaches this question from the acquirer's perspective and identifies X's major motives for entering in the M&A transaction. In the theoretical research the author reviews the existing literature on the topic and identifies the major taxonomies of acquisition drivers. The theoretical perspectives adopted by scholars to explain the phenomenon of corporate M&A are also examined and highlighted. Next, building on previously discussed theories, the author proposes his own model of feasibility conditions under which the various drivers for M&A transactions would operate. Finally, the model is employed for the case acquisition analysis. The empirical research is based upon the qualitative research method. In the course of interviews with X's management the author tests the proposed model of M&A motives in relation to the case transaction. This is followed by the discussion of the opportunities which make the acquisition of Y feasible, the emerging constraints, and the academic theories which best explain the case in point. The most important strategic objectives of X cross-border acquisition on the Russian market include a number of synergetic gains such as diversification, vertical integration benefits and operational synergies. Evidence has been found to support the connections between the case acquisition's motives and the efficiency theory of mergers.
Surviving M&A : make the most of your company being acquired
Stock returns and corporate governance quality of international Acquirers
Protection of assets : investigation
Mergers and acquisitions : the common missteps and theory of success
International business : the new realities
Fusion economics : how pragmatism is changing the world
New conditions for growth in Russia
On 1 August 2008, the Chinese Anti-Monopoly Law entered into force, introducing a comprehensive framework for competition law to the Chinese market. One set of the new rules pertains to merger control. Chinas Ministry of Commerce (MOFCOM) was nominated as the authority responsible for enforcing merger control in China, and has been actively doing so ever since. Recent years have established China as one of the most important merger filing jurisdictions for cross-border mergers alongside the EU and USA. This work evaluates the Chinese merger control law regime and MOFCOMs decision-making practice after more than five years of application. In particular, it assesses which policy goals (competition policy goals or industrial policy considerations) prevail in the written law and its application, and provides suggestions for a further improvement of the law with the aim to develop a transparent merger control regime that promotes long-term economic growth in China.
M&A 1.0 : integration workbook
Mergers and acquisitions : managing culture and human resources
The influence of an organisational change to a company partner
International mergers and acquisitions : how can HR play a strategic role?
Chinese Merger Control Law : An Assessment of its Competition-Policy Orientation after the First Years of Application
Integrating the export distribution channels after an acquisition
Antitakeover provisions and performance : evidence from the Nordic countries
The decision to carry out a merger or acquisition is certainly a risky one, not least because of the number of variables influencing the final outcome. It is also a decision frequently based on the wrong objectives and an incorrect evaluation process. With this in mind, this important new book offers solutions for reducing the high percentage of mergers and acquisitions (M & As) that fail. It adopts a normative approach, using theoretical analysis to show what managers could and should do to increase shareholders' value through successful M & A strategies. It also explores the conditions that are suitable for favouring a certain type of M&A (horizontal, vertical, or diversified) over the others.
Masterminding the Deal : breakthroughs in M&A strategy and analysis
Ensuring synergy creation in cross-border acquisitions through enterprise risk management
Doing business with Japan : successful strategies for intercultural communication
Mergers, acquisitions & strategic alliances : understanding the process
Antecedents to merger and time to divestment
Mergers and acquisitions in Asia : a global perspective
International business acquisitions : major legal issues and due diligence
Mergers and acquisitions in electronic contract manufacturing
Franchising & licensing : two powerful ways to grow your business in any economy
e-Business in local SMEs in Tampere Region : Case: eYrityspalvelu and Internet marketing-course participants
Electronic commerce : principles and practice
Enhancing inter-firm networks and interorganizational strategies
Legal meaning of due diligence in corporate acquisitions
Contributions to international business : essays in honour of professor Jorma Larimo
Doing business 2016 : measuring regulatory quality and efficiency : comparing business regulation for domestic firms in 189 economies : a World Bank Group flagship report
Selling your business for more : maximizing returns for you, your family, and the business
Acquisition of a target company with non-core assets : real options approach
From the Maoist to the Post Deng China, a process of economic liberalization and opening toward the rest of the world : implications for transnational companies
Hedging the currency risks with financial derivatives and the impact of EMU on hedging needs
International mergers and acquisitions
Impact and return on investment of online marketing strategies for small and medium enterprises
Vertically integrated enterprises and strategic trade policy
Towards a rediscovery of organizational politics : essays on organizational integration following mergers and acquisitions
How the size of an acquisition transaction affects executive compensation : the central role of monitoring in aligning the interests of shareholders and executives
Valuation of merges and acquisitions in the European telecommunication sector
Business transfer awareness raising : A practical guidebook
Discursive identity battle and the reformation of organisational identity in an M&A process
Culture as a part of cross-border M&A deal : a study on the post-deal cultural integration
Mergers and acquisitions security : corporate restructuring and security management
Communicating through cultural differences in Finnish-French pre-acquisition negotiations : Exploring complexities in participants'  perceptions
Takeover success prediction : European acquisitions between 1999 and 2008
Valuation od real estate via due diligence : a guidline for investment decisions
Checklists for due diligence
Cross-border mergers and acquisitions : UK dimensions
Applied mergers and acquisitions
Chinese capital market takeover and restructuring guide
European markets for corporate control : a study of takeovers' influence on corporate behavior and implications on EC competition policy
Abstract (s. 5).
Financial slack and bidding firms ́ takeover announcement stock returns : an event study
The determinants of capital structure choice in leveraged buyouts : evidence from Europe
This book is one of the very few published investigations of international business in a Japanese context, based on an up-to-date overview of the Japanese mergers and acquisitions (M&A) market in particular. The author explicates recent developments in Japanese business and shows how Japanese firms drastically change to reach out to become more globalized. The book can serve as a foundation in a teaching module for any Japan-related class in international business. Specifically, this publication reveals the inner workings of the Japanese business system. M&A activities covered here include those of foreign firms in Japan as well as Japanese firms investing domestically and in cross-border ventures. Illustrated by carefully chosen examples and supported by extensive data analyses, this book is highly recommended to readers who seek an in-depth understanding of the Japanese M&A market. The volume is enriched by case studies that explicitly illustrate the objectives of specific firms and how they successfully manage their M&A. The author brings to this work his 14 years of experience in Japan and has relied not only on English literature but also on original Japanese sources in creating this highly valuable contribution to the field.
Negotiation strategies and offers : perceptions of mergers and acquisitions advisors
The role of advisory services conducting due diligence process in the context of M&As
Strategic Planning of an International Trade Intermediary : Case Woodbe Oy
Co-operative acquisitions : the contextual factors and challenges for co-operatives when acquiring an investor-owned firm
Introduction to global business : understanding the international environment and global business functions
Intelligent M&A : navigating the mergers and acquisitions minefield
Mergers and acquisitions and takeovers in China : a legal and cultural guide to new forms of investment
Mergers and acquisitions
Do the first last? : an analysis of timing, ownership and value-chain effects on international subsidiary survival
Adding value through social media : case Autokiila
HOW A SMALL JAPANESE E-RETAILING COMPANY CAN EXPAND ITS OPERATIONS ABROAD; CASE AGRADE
Foreign acquisitions : management of the integration process. Appendix
The synergy trap : how companies lose the acquisition game
Human resources in Cross-border M&A
Advances in mergers and acquisitions. 6
Information system integration in mergers and acquisitions
M&A Transactions : financial due diligence from zero to professional
Value creation in private equity sponsored leveraged buyouts : empirical analysis of Finnish private equity owned companies
Improving Order Fulfillment in an SME e-Commerce Company
Identifying and managing the target company ́s customers in cross-border acquisitions
Business transfer ecosystems and awareness raising activities : situation analysis of five European countries
Establishing a start-up e-commerce company in Finland
Cash inflow forecasting management in a service company operatinginternationally
Business Transfer Ecosystems and Awareness Raising Activities : Situation Analysis of Five European countries
Mergers and acquisitions during changing business cycles : case: medical industry
The management of corporate acquisitions : international pespectives
The corporate finance handbook
Corporate acquisitions and mergers : a practical guide to the legal, financial and administrative implications
Multinational firms and job tasks
Process quality in the Trade Finance unit from the perspective of corporate banking employees
Takeovers in English and German law
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
How to get started in export
Cross-border mergers and acquisitions (CBM&As) activity continues to excite interest among academics and practicing managers, and has become an important vehicle for firms' internationalization and corporate restructuring over the past three decades. Despite the huge volume of global CBM&A activity, however, there are few books that carefully explore the strategies, motives, and consequences of global mergers and acquisitions. This book discusses and synthesizes the theoretical literature on the motivation and performance of international merger activities. Focusing on the UK as a top acquiring country in the European Union, the authors explore the recent trends in cross-border mergers and acquisitions, motives for cross-border mergers and acquisitions, the mergers integration process, home and host countries' macroeconomic consequences on mergers and acquisitions, and shareholder's wealth effects on CBM&A.This book explores and sheds much-needed light on the UK CBM&A market, what drives it, and what lessons can be learned for other regions around the globe.
Characteristics of acquired companies: cross-industry patterns
Management buy-out : a guide for the prospective entrepreneur
