http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4387 dogmas
dogmas
Catholic social teaching, 1891-present : a historical, theological, and ethical analysis
Stepping into baptismal water : an analysis of the doctrinal reasoning connected with baptismal words and expressions of Finnish mainstream pentecostals in the early 21st century
The emergence of Christian theology
The Nicene faith. Part 1, True God of true God
From Nicaea to Chalcedon : a guide to the literature and its background
Symbols of church and kingdom : a study in early Syriac tradition
Creative fidelity : weighing and interpreting documents of the magisterium
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. Original language texts
The Orthodox Church A to Z : a practical handbook of beliefs, liturgy, sacraments, customs, theology, history, and prayers for Orthodox Christians
Mary : a history of doctrine and devotion
A new song for the Lord : faith in Christ and liturgy today
Meeting in heaven : modernising the Christian afterlife, 1600-2000
Handing on the faith in an age of disbelief : lectures given at the Church of Notre-Dame de Fourvière in Lyons, France, and at Notre-Dame Cathedral in Paris
Imagining heaven in the middle ages : a book of essays
The Orthodox church : 455 questions and answers
Melanchthon and patristic thought : the doctrines of Christ and Grace, the Trinity, and the Creation
The making of the creeds
The sacramentary of Serapion
Frontiers in Catholic feminist theology : shoulder to shoulder
Beloved community : critical dogmatics after Christendom
A short history of Christian doctrine
Islam's reformers
Islam and Christianity : theological themes in comparative perspective
Sahaba "The Blessed"
Women in Islam : an anthology from the Qurān and Haḍīths
The melody of faith : theology in an Orthodox key
"One teacher" : doctrinal authority in the church
The genesis of doctrine : a study in the foundations of doctrinal criticism
The Christian faith : an introduction to Christian doctrine
The consensus of the church and papal infallibility : a study in the background of Vatican I
The Christian tradition : a history of the development of doctrine. 3, The growth of medieval theology (600-1300)
Theology and the end of doctrine
Orthodoxy and the Roman papacy : Ut Unum Sint and the prospects of East-West unity
Crossing the threshold of hope
The meeting of religions and the Trinity
"The rulers of the Byzantine Empire and its commonwealth were protected both by their own soldiers and by a heavenly army: the military saints. The transformation of Saints George, Demetrios, Theodore and others into the patrons of imperial armies was one of the defining developments of religious life under the Macedonian emperors. This book provides a comprehensive study of military sainthood and its roots in late antiquity. The emergence of the cults is situated within a broader social context, in which mortal soldiers were equated with martyrs and martyrs of the early Church recruited to protect them on the battlefield. Dr White then traces the fate of these saints in early Rus, drawing on unpublished manuscripts and other under-utilised sources to discuss their veneration within the princely clan and their influence on the first native saints of Rus, Boris and Gleb, who eventually joined the ranks of their ancient counterparts"--
History of theology. 1, The Patristic period
God's order and natural law : the works of the Laudian Divines
Modern Catholicism : Vatican II and after
An Anglican catechism
The Christian tradition : a history of the development of doctrine. 4, Reformation of Church and dogma (1300-1700)
Holiness, speech and silence : reflections on the question of God
The future of the Christian tradition
The Cambridge companion to Christian doctrine
Principles of Lutheran theology
Light of the world : the pope, the church, and the signs of the times : a conversation with Peter Seewald
The economics of the Mishnah
The annotated Luther. Volume 2, Word and faith
Intellect and action : elucidations on Christian theology and the life of faith
Justification and the future of the ecumenical movement : the Joint declaration on the doctrine of justification
Doctrine and practice in the early Church
The history of Christian doctrines
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. Volume 3, Part five: Statements of faith in modern Christianity
Methodist doctrine : the essentials
Deification and grace
Joseph Ratzinger in communio. Volume1, The unity of the church
Apocalypse and science fiction : a dialectic of religious and secular soteriologies
Patrology. Vol. 3, The golden age of Greek patristic literature from the Council of Nicaea to the Council of Chalcedon
Small catechism and an explanation of Christian doctrine based on doctor Luther's Small catechism
Understanding the sacraments today
Ritual and morality : the ritual purity system and its place in Judaism
Justification by faith in Catholic-Protestant dialogue : an evangelical assessment
Living the Liturgy : a practical guide for participating in the Divine Liturgy of the Eastern Orthodox Church
Methodist theology
Patrology. Vol. 4, The golden age of Latin patristic literature from the Council of Nicaea to the Council of Chalcedon
Fathers and heretics : six studies in dogmatic faith with prologue and epilogue : being the Bampton lectures for 1940
The Apostles' Creed : origin, history, and some early commentaries
Dimensions of the sacred : an anatomy of the world's beliefs
Purgatory : the logic of total transformation
This book is about the crisis brought about by doctrine's estrangement from reality--that is from actual lives, experiences, histories, and from God. By invoking "the end of doctrine," Christine Helmer opens a new discussion of doctrinal production that is engaged with the challenges and possibilities of modernity. The end of doctrine refers on the one hand to unquestioning doctrinal reception, which Helmer critiques, and on the other, represents an invitation to a new way of understanding the aim of doctrine in deeper connection to the reality that it seeks. The book's first section offers an analysis of the current situation in theology by reconstructing a trajectory of Protestant theology from the turn of the twentieth century to today. This history focuses primarily on the status of the word in theology and explains how changes in theology in the context of the political and social crisis in Europe in the 1920s and 1930s led to a distancing of the word from reality. Helmer then turns to the constructive section of the book to propose a repositioning of theology to the world and to God. Helmer's powerful work will inspire revitalized interest in both doctrine and theological inquiry itself. Review: "The title is deliberately ambiguous: the true 'end' (purpose) of doctrine is to point beyond itself to the relation of the living God to human beings in this world. Where this 'end' is lost to view, we are threatened with the 'end' (demise) of doctrine. Christine Helmer wants to reinvigorate doctrine. To accomplish this goal, she takes us on a historical journey through twentieth-century theology: from the Ritschlian reaction against mysticism and metaphysics and Brunner's critique of Schleiermacher through Barth's theology of the Word to the creation of an epistemic model by the so-called Yale School in which doctrine has lost its referential status altogether and thus its connection to divine and historical reality. Helmer's constructive solution proceeds through a recovery of Schleiermacher's epistemology (exploding a few myths about the great Berliner along the way!) in order to advance an understanding of doctrine as the expression of a socially conceived interaction with the 'real.' What emerges from this fine study is a theological epistemology that expands and deepens Barth's concept of the Word in important ways and an understanding of doctrine that repairs the damage done to its reputation in recent decades." --Bruce L. McCormack, Charles Hodge Professor of Systematic Theology, Princeton Theological Seminary "Recent discussion on doctrine has often been critical of the theological insights of modernity. Christine Helmer undertakes a careful revision of this discussion, emphasizing the need to take history and religious studies seriously. She demonstrates that this emphasis does not downplay the language and reality of theological doctrine but gives them a new relevance." -Risto Saarinen, Professor of Ecumenics, University of Helsinki "Helmer's book is a groundbreaking revitalization of doctrine for Christian theology and faith but also for the academy. It critiques two prominent approaches: authoritarian views of doctrine that deny its constructed character and the reductionist tendencies of religious studies where 'theology' and doctrine are viewed as anti-intellectual. The crucial connection of doctrine to transcendence through human witness, Helmer argues, requires recognition of doctrine's socially constructed character and the necessity of change. Reappropriating the contributions of Martin Luther and Friedrich Schleiermacher in enormously enlightening ways, she even shows how the work of Karl Barth supports her case for combining social constructionism and the transcendent." --Mary McClintock Fulkerson, Professor of Theology, Duke Divinity School "This is a stimulating work in constructive theology that opens up fresh approaches to several problems at once: the dual responsibility of theology to church and academy, the tension between transhistorical truth and historical tradition, and, most of all, the relation of doctrinal language to a theological reality (i.e., God) that, precisely because it is living, invites us to say not only something faithful but also something new." --Kevin J. Vanhoozer, Research Professor of Systematic Theology, Trinity Evangelical Divinity School "Succinct and elegantly written, this book is an unflinching engagement with our contemporary suspicion that doctrine (or theology itself) has come to an end. Helmer sketches a compelling vision of a new end for doctrine--one that is designed to resonate across academy, culture, and church. That she manages to do this in conversation with theology, religious studies, and philosophy without ever losing the forest for the trees makes her book an excellent candidate for cross-disciplinary discussion." --Andrew Chignell, Associate Professor of Philosophy, Susan Linn Sage School of Philosophy, Cornell University
Iustitia Dei : a history of the Christian doctrine of justification
Jesus, gnosis and dogma
Early Christian doctrines
Theological investigations. 1, God, Christ, Mary and grace
Christian theology : an introduction
The Christian tradition : a history of the development of doctrine. 5, Christian doctrine and modern culture (since 1700)
Ockham on the virtues
The grace of the caller : in laestadian christianity
In heaven, we will meet our friends: this was one of the most conspicuous expectations Christians had, and continue to have, of life after death. While the theme as such is almost as old as Christianity, it came to flourish only in early-modern times, peaking in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. This book explores how the rediscovery and developemnt of the 'meeting again' theme by authors such as John Bunyan and Emanuel Swedenborg and by the artist William Blake created a specifically modern heaven. Giving priority to an eternity of continuing earthly passions and family ties, the modern notion of heaven contrasts with earlier, God-centred notions of an eternal saintly solitude spent contemplating God in 'beatific vision'."--Cover, p. 4.
Lutheranism : the theological movement and its confessional writings
Iustitia Dei : a history of the Christian doctrine of justification. 2, From 1500 to the present day
The doctrine of the Russian Church, being the primer or spelling book, the shorter or longer Catechisms, and a treatise [by G. Kononskij] on the duty of parish priests, tr. by R. W. Blackmore
Heaven : a history
The Christian tradition : a history of the development of doctrine. 2, The spirit of Eastern Christendom (600-1700)
Luther and Calvin on secular authority
Doctrines of religious communities : a philosophical study
The theological paradox : interdisciplinary reflections on the centre Paul Tillich's thought : proceedings of the V. International Paul Tillich Symposium, held in Frankfurt/Main 1994 = Das theologische Paradox : interdisziplinäre Reflexionen zur Mitte von Paul Tillichs Denken : Beiträge des V. internationalen Paul-Tillich-Symposions in Frankfurt/Main 1994
The Routledge companion to early Christian thought
Women in Islam : an anthology from the Qur'ān and Ḥadīths
Military saints in Byzantium and Rus, 900-1200
Re-thinking Christianity
Iustitia Dei : a history of the Christian doctrine of justification. the beginnings to the Reformation
Christ in Christian tradition. Vol. 2, From the Council of Chalcedon (451) to Gregory the Great (590-604). Part 2, The church of Constantinople in the 6th century
Roman Catholicism : the basics
Early Christian creeds
Theological investigations. 4, More recent writings
Catholicism
Living grace : an outline of United Methodist theology
Gateway to heaven : Marian doctrine and devotion, image and typology in the patristic and medieval periods. Vol. 1, Doctrine and devotion
The agony of Asar : a thesis on slavery by the former slave, Jacobus Elisa Johannnes Capitein, 1717-1747
Christology : key readings in Christian thought
Papal infallibility : a Protestant evaluation of an ecumenical issue
A life of John Calvin : a study in the shaping of Western culture
Compendium locorum theologicorum ex Scripturis sacris et libro Concordiae
Doctrine and practice in the early church
Ithbât an-nubuwwa : the proof of prophethood
The sacred and its scholars : comparative methodologies for the study of primary religious data
Dogma in medieval Jewish thought : from Maimonides to Abravanel
Sacred catechism of the Orthodox Church
Catechism of the Catholic Church
After buddhism : rethinking the dharma for a secular age
