http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4390 researcher exchange
researcher exchange
A natural history of dragons
Impacts of study abroad programmes on students and graduates
Training and mobility of researchers 1994-1998 : information package. Access to large-scale facilities
"Best of all possible friends" : three decades of correspondence between the folklorists Alan Dundes and Wolfgang Mieder
Internationalization in teacher education. Vol. 5, Mobilities
Formation of a folklorist : sources relating to the visit of James Hamilton Delargy (Séamus Ó Duilearga) to Scandinavia, Finland, Estonia and Germany1 April - 29 September 1928
Ocasião : the marquis and the anthropologist, a collaboration
Letters from Oxford : Hugh Trevor-Roper to Bernard Berenson
Teaching the English Wissenschaft : the letters of Sir George Cornewall Lewis to Karl Otfried Müller (1828-1839)
Fulbright Center news
The investigation
The correspondence of Northrop Frye and Helen Kemp 1932-1939. Vol. 1, 1932-1935
Finnish-American academic and professional exchanges : analyses and reminiscences
In the labyrinth of Drakes
Voyage of the basilisk : a memoir by Lady Trent
The internationalisation of higher education in Sweden
Cross-border tertiary education : a way towards capacity development
The global competition for talent : mobility of the highly skilled
Evga Japan co-operation report : Ochanomizu research visit 2014
Open doors : report on international educational exchange. 2000
"True friends are like diamonds" : three decades of correspondence between the folklorists Shirley L. Arora and Wolfgang Mieder
The fourth volume of her memoirs, Lady Trent relates how she acquired her position with the Royal Scirling Army, how foreign saboteurs imperiled both her work and her well-being; and how her determined pursuit of knowledge took her into the deepest reaches of the Labyrinth of Drakes
Researcher mobility, Finnish business know-how and the United States : Finnish Center of International Business Education and Research (FCIBER), Academy of Finland
The tropic of serpents : a memoir by Lady Trent
Possession : A romance
European research fellowships 1987-1993 : the experiences and views of the fellows, supervisors and administrators
The correspondence of Northrop Frye and Helen Kemp 1932-1939. Vol. 2, 1936-1939
Research on academic mobility : an overview, list of researchers and bibliography
Summary.
"Sed serviendum officio..." : the correspondence between Ulrich von Wilamowitz-Moellendorff and Eduard Norden : 1892-1931
Goldziher memorial conference : June 21-22, 2000, Budapest, Oriental Collection, Library of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences
Mobile minds : survey of foreign PhD students and researchers in Finland
Letters on ancient and modern music : to Vincenzo Galilei and Giovanni Bardi
A passion for Joyce : the letters of Hugh Kenner & Adaline Glasheen
One hundred letters from Hugh Trevor-Roper
The letters of Bernard DeVoto
Possession : a romance
The letters of J.R.R. Tolkien : a selection
The long divine : Finnish-U.S. mobility and business studies
Between friends : the correspondence of Hannah Arendt and Mary McCarthy, 1949-1975
The correspondence of Edward Lye
The collected letters of Thomas and Jane Welsh Carlyle : Duke-Edinburgh edition. Vol. 35, January-October 1859
Cultural ambassadors of kindred nations
