http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4394 goal-orientedness
goal-orientedness
The experience of nothingness
Artifacts, art works, and agency
Husserl, intentionality and cognitive science
Teleosemantics : new philosophical essays
Immanuel Kant famously said that he was awoken from his 'dogmatic slumbers,' and led to question the possibility of metaphysics, by David Hume's doubts about causation. Because of this, many philosophers have viewed Hume's influence on Kant as limited to metaphysics. More recently, some philosophers have questioned whether even Kant's metaphysics was really motivated by Hume. In "Knowledge, Reason, and Taste", renowned Kant scholar Paul Guyer challenges both of these views. He argues that Kant's entire philosophy - including his moral philosophy, aesthetics, and teleology, as well as his metaphysics - can fruitfully be read as an engagement with Hume.In this book, the first to describe and assess Hume's influence throughout Kant's philosophy, Guyer shows where Kant agrees or disagrees with Hume, and where Kant does or doesn't appear to resolve Hume's doubts. In doing so, Guyer examines the progress both Kant and Hume made on enduring questions about causes, objects, selves, taste, moral principles and motivations, and purpose and design in nature. Finally, Guyer looks at questions Kant and Hume left open to their successors.
Knowledge, reason, and taste : Kant's response to Hume
How to think about meaning
Feyerabend : philosophy, science and society
The common mind : an essay on psychology, society and politics
Does consciousness cause behavior?
Action, intention, and reason
Nature's purposes : analyses of function and design in biology
Interpretation of communicative intents of an infant
Aristotle's Metaphysics [theta] 1-3 : on the essence and actuality of force
Intentionality, mind and language
The rediscovery of the mind
Reasons and intentions
Enaction : toward a new paradigm for cognitive science
Teleological explanations and terms in biology : a study in theoretical biology
The design of life : discovering signs of intelligence in biological systems
Things that happen because they should : a teleological approach to action
Necessary intentionality : a study in the metaphysics of aboutness
On action
Dennett and his critics : demystifying mind
Teleological explanations : an etiological analysis of goals and functions
The explanation of behaviour
Entropy and art : an essay on disorder and order
Handbook of motivational counseling : goal-based approaches to assessment and intervention with addiction and other problems
Meaning in life : the creation of value
Motivational antecedents of physical activity in Finnish youth
Faces of intention : selected essays on intention and agency
Teleological explanations and terms in biology : a study intheoretical biology
Consciousness and language
From knowledge to wisdom : a revolution for science and the humanities
The emotions
Debating design : from Darwin to DNA
The psychology of meaning
Approaches to intentionality
The anthropic cosmological principle
Content and consciousness
Catching ourselves in the act : situated activity, interactive emergence, evolution, and human thought
The normativity of thought and meaning
Language, thought, and other biological categories : new foundations for realism
Final causality in nature and human affairs
Grounds for cognition : how goal-guided behavior shapes the mind
From knowledge to wisdom : a revolution in the aims and methods of science
Desire : its role in practical reason and the explanation of action
Practical reason : on the theory of action
Understanding ourselves : why we do what we do
Intentionality : an essay in the philosophy of mind
The arc of ambition : defining the leadership journey
Cooperation : a philosophical study
Studies in the philosophy of mind
The design revolution : answering the toughest questions about intelligent design
Narrative, transcendence & meaning : an essay on the question about the meaning of life
Two tomatoes one onion & an olive : photography : from attention to intention
The really hard problem : meaning in a material world
Awareness of mortality
Intentionality - source of intelligibility : the genesis of intentionality
A logical theory of teaching : erotetics and intentionality
Content and comportment : on embodiment and the epistemic availability of the world
Goal directed behavior : the concept of action in psychology
God, chance, and purpose : can God have it both ways?
The philosophy of action : an introduction
The intentional stance
The psychology of imagination
From cause to causation : a Peircean perspective
Intentionality, modality and supervenience
Purposive explanation in psychology
The meaning of it all
The structure of mind
Belief and meaning : the unity and locality of mental content
Digging deeper : how purpose-driven enterprises create real value
Motives and mechanisms : an introduction to the psychology of action
Behavior in the context of social virtual world
A significant life : human meaning in a silent universe
This book presents the framework for a new, comprehensive approach to cognitive science. The proposed paradigm, enaction, offers an alternative to cognitive science's classical, first-generation Computational Theory of Mind (CTM). Enaction, first articulated by Varela, Thompson, and Rosch in The Embodied Mind (MIT Press, 1991), breaks from CTM's formalisms of information processing and symbolic representations to view cognition as grounded in the sensorimotor dynamics of the interactions between a living organism and its environment. A living organism enacts the world it lives in; its embodied action in the world constitutes its perception and thereby grounds its cognition. Enaction offers a range of perspectives on this exciting new approach to embodied cognitive science. Some chapters offer manifestos for the enaction paradigm; others address specific areas of research, including artificial intelligence, developmental psychology, neuroscience, language, phenomenology, and culture and cognition. Three themes emerge as testimony to the originality and specificity of enaction as a paradigm: the relation between first-person lived experience and third-person natural science; the ambition to provide an encompassing framework applicable at levels from the cell to society; and the difficulties of reflexivity. Taken together, the chapters offer nothing less than the framework for a far-reaching renewal of cognitive science.
Action, purpose and will : a formal theory
Eat that frog! : 21 great ways to stop procrastinating and get more done in less time
What minds can do : intentionality in a non intentional world
The intentionality of human action
From Knowledge to Wisdom argues that there is an urgent need, for both intellectual and humanitarian reasons, to bring about a revolution in science and the humanities. The outcome would be a kind of academic inquiry rationally devoted to helping humanity learn how to create a better world. The basic intellectual aim of inquiry would be to seek and promote wisdom - wisdom being the capacity to realize what is of value in life for oneself and others, thus including knowledge and technological know-how, but much else besides. "There are altogether too many symptoms of malaise in our science-based society for Nicholas Maxwell's diagnosis to be ignored." Professor Christopher Longuet-Higgins, Nature. "a strong effort is needed if one is to stand back and clearly state the objections to the whole enormous tangle of misconceptions which surround the notion of science to-day. Maxwell has made that effort in this powerful, profound and important book." Dr. Mary Midgley, University Quarterly. * "The essential idea is really so simple, so transparently right ... It is a profound book, refreshingly unpretentious, and deserves to be read, refined and implemented." Dr. Stewart Richards, Annals of Science. This second edition is revised throughout, has additional material and three new chapters.
Kant's moral teleology
Intentionality as a basis for the emergence of intersubjectivity in infancy
Husserlian intentionality and non-foundational realism : Noema and object
Positioning theory : moral contexts of intentional action
On acting for a reason
