http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p44 conquest
conquest
Chaos in the old world
Iron Sky
Risk : The Walking Dead : survival edition
Gearworld : the borderlands
Code geass : Suzaku of the counterattack. 1
Wild's End. Volume one, First light
Small world : Realms
Genghis Khan : the man who conquered the world
The secrets of the Tatar people
The Martian chronicles
Hyperborea is a game of exploration, conquest and development.
History of the conquest of Mexico and history of the conquest of Peru
The Spanish west
Ray Bradbury's The Martian chronicles
Tyrants of the Underdark
The Indians
Seven myths of the Spanish conquest
Persian rule in Cyprus : sources, problems, perspectives
The conquest of America : the question of the other
The Baltic states under Stalinist rule
In this dice variant of the popular Race for the Galaxy board game of space empire building, your dice represent your populace, whom you direct to develop new technologies, settle worlds, and ship goods. The player who best manages his workers and builds the most prosperous empire wins!
Turkestan and the fate of the Russian Empire
A deepness in the sky
The Livonian crusade
Mapping colonial conquest : Australia and Southern Africa
The king of space
The secret throne
A Perfect Beast
Iron sky : invasion : PlayStation 3
Captives & cousins : slavery, kinship, and community in the Southwest borderlands
Joseph O'Callaghan offers the first full and authoritative history of the epic battle for control of the Strait of Gibraltar waged by Castile, Morocco, and Granada in the late thirteenth and early fourteenth centuries-a major, but often overlooked chapter in the Christian reconquest of Spain.
Age of war
The religion
Warhammer 40,000 : Conquest. The card game
The history of the conquest of New Spain
Set sail in a mystical archipelago filled with bustling towns, sea monsters, pirates, and gold! Compete to build the best sea-faring nation with up to three friends by collecting treasure, hiring crew, and conquering or befriending island towns.
Camelot 3000 : The deluxe edition
"Lower Crowchurch is a small English community of anthropomorphic animals, enjoying the peace of the 1930s, but when the town becomes the victim of an alien invasion, the residents' lives are upended by the harsh realities of life-and-death violence. Led by the town's outsider and retired war veteran, they will have to rally together to uncover the secret of their invaders if they hope to fight back."--Publisher's description.
Wolf blood
Holy war and rapprochement : studies in the relations between the Mamluk Sultanate and the Mongol Ilkhanate (1260-1335)
Roll for the Galaxy
Caribbean, sea of the New World
Northlanders. Book six : Thor's daughter and other stories
Cosmic encounter
Invasion, war and travel : conflict and exploration through the ages
Community, power and colonialism : the U.S. Army in Southern Arizona and New Mexico, 1866-1886
Forest of the pygmies
A new dawn for the galaxy is coming. Four of the major civilizations inhabiting the galaxy finally achieved interstellar travel, and are ready to establish their empires and dominance across the galaxy. Your civilization is among them! As a leader, you must make sure your rising empire is the dominant at the end! You will accomplish this by colonizing planetary systems and beautiful nebulae with your ships while establishing your domain.
The Mongol Empire (c. 1200-1350) in many ways marks the beginning of the modern age, as well as globalization. This fascinating book offers comprehensive coverage of the entire empire, as well as providing a long view of the Mongol Empire's legacy in trade, warfare, medicine, food, art, culture and scientific knowledge.
Edge of tomorrow (3D)
The wake
The Conquistadors : first-person accounts of the conquest of Mexico
The traitors' pit
Northlanders. Book two : The cross + the hammer
The wars of the Romans : a critical edition and translation of De armis Romanis
AD410 : the year that shook Rome
Mage knight : Board game
Empire in black and gold
For crown & kingdom
Dutch Brazil. Volume 1, Documents in the Leiden University Library
The conquest of Siberia : an epic of human passions
Tiny epic kingdoms
Domination without dominance : Inca-Spanish encounters in early colonial Peru
Tsuro of the seas : a game of treacherous waters
Northlanders. Book seven : The icelandic trilogy
Blood rage
The legacy of Dutch Brazil
Islebound
Empire of silver : the epic story of the Khan dynasty
Bible and sword : how the British came to Palestine
Staging the World is an illustrated study of the Roman triumphal procession in its capacity as spectacle and performance. Ida Ostenberg analyses how Rome presented and perceived the defeated on parade. Spoils, captives, and representations are the objects, and the basic questions to be asked concern both contents and context: What was displayed? How was it paraded? What was the response? The triumph was a crowded civic celebration, when spectators met with coins from Spain and Asia, Jewish temple treasures, silver plate and furniture from opulent royal feasts, trees from eastern gardens, Punic elephants appearing as in battle, kings, long known by name only, and ferocious barbarians dressed in outlandish costumes. Ostenberg aims to show what stories the Roman triumph told about the defeated and what ideas it transmitted about Rome itself.
Risk : Game of thrones : skirmish edition
Risk : the game of global domination
Storms brewed in other men's worlds : the confrontation of Indians, Spanish, and French in the Southwest, 1540-1795
Small star empires : a game of galactic colonization and domination
Feudal Britain : the completion of the medieval kingdoms, 1066-1314
Staging the world : spoils, captives, and representations in the Roman triumphal procession
The formidable force of the Normans at sea has been frequently overlooked. This volume shows their dominance over the Mediterranean, and its far-reaching effects.
Villainen valloitus = Fånga får = Wooly bully
Northlanders. Book four : The plague widow
The conquerors
Empire of silver
The twelve children of Paris
Small world : Underground
Bricks
The Norman conquest
The Gibraltar crusade : Castile and the battle for the Strait
On the wings of time : Rome, the Incas, Spain, and Peru
The expansion of the early Islamic state
The battles of Bridget Lee : invasion of Farfall
Take your place as a villainous leader of a drow house and fight for control of the Underdark. Build your deck throughout the game to recruit drow, dragons, cultists, and demon minions, and use them to assassinate enemy troops or infiltrate and control your opponents' strongholds. Choose your strategy carefully, though, for only one house can rule the Underdark!
Cortés : the life of the conqueror
Small world
Manifest destiny and American territorial expansion : a brief history with documents
The Spanish conquistadores
Pirates of Black Cove : PC DVD-ROM
Hyperborea
The Vikings : voyagers of discovery and plunder
XCOM : the board game
The field of swords
Offering an alternative narrative of the conquest of the Incas, this work examines the colonial imprint that permeates most accounts of the conquest. This work focuses on the years that bridged the first contact between Spanish conquistadores and Andean peoples in 1531 and the moment, around 1550, when a functioning colonial regime emerged.
Norman naval operations in the Mediterranean
Clash of cultures
Irish Sea studies, 900-1200
Cobra II : the inside story of the invasion and occupation of Iraq
Pax Romana : war, peace and conquest in the Roman world
Iron sky : invasion : Xbox 360
The Baltic Crusade
Inés of my soul
Bound for Santa Fe : the road to New Mexico and the American conquest, 1806-1848
Malinche
The Norman conquest : a very short introduction
Children of the sun : the fall of the Aztecs
Northlanders. Book three : Blood in the snow
The Pax Romana provided a remarkable period of peace and stability, rarely seen before or since. Yet the Romans were first and foremost conquerors, imperialists who took by force a vast empire stretching from the Euphrates in the east to the Atlantic coast in the west. They were aggressive and ruthless, and during the creation of their empire millions died or were enslaved. But the Pax Romana was real, not merely the boast of emperors, and some of the regions in the Empire have never again lived for so many generations free from major wars. So what was the Pax Romana and what did it mean for the people who found themselves brought under Roman rule? Adrian Goldsworthy tells the story of the creation of the Empire, revealing how and why the Romans came to control so much of the world and asking whether the favourable image of the Roman peace is a true one.
The Mongol conquest in world history
Community, power, and colonialism : the U.S. army in Southern Arizona and New Mexico, 1866-1886
A prequel to the film by the same name, this tells the origin of how Nazis ended up on the Moon and of their subsequent return to Earth years in the future.
The word for world is forest
The Bayeux tapestry : the story of the Norman conquest: 1066
