http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4406 social integration
social integration
Highly skilled mobility and migration from MENA region to Finland : a socio-analytical approach
Streaming towards social stability
"I have a personal problem with blogs" : Case Study of Creation Process of Open Online Communications in a Global Merger
Blood and oranges : European markets and immigrant labor in rural Greece
The aim of this study was to investigate how immigrants have integrated into Finnish life from the standpoints of employment. The empirical research material consisted of 30 interviews with immigrants and four interviews with of? cials and others dealing with immigrant affairs. Factors promoting employment of immigrants were the voluntary nature of the immigration, educational quali? cations as demonstrated by the relevant certi? cates and knowledge of the Finnish language. One in three reported that they had ? rst received information about vacancies from the Employment Of? ce, and one in ? ve by approaching the employer directly asking for work. One in seven had found out about jobs through friends. .
Participation in transition : motivation of young adults in Europe for learning and working
International perspectives : integration and inclusion
Immigration and insecurity in France
Executive report : Workshop 5 Demographic and Cultural Specificity and Integration of Migrants, March 21-23, Helsinki, Finland
Democratic multiculturalism : a new model of national integration
Migration and the experience of integrating one's self
Social integration in the post-socialist society : the case of Estonia
So what difference does it make?: mapping the outcomes of citizen engagement
Exploring the impact and full potential of international education : questions of competitiveness, employment and integration
Issues of multiculturalism and multilingualism in modern education system
Resettlement, resource conflicts, livelihood revival and reintegration in south Sudan : a study of the processes and institutional issues at the local level in Magwi county
The politics of belonging : intersectional contestations
Integration of Turkish immigrant women in Finland into Finnish society
Patterns of Europeanisation in Central and Eastern Europe
Morphogenesis and the crisis of normativity
The situated politics of belonging
Fortress Europe or a Europe of fortresses? : the integration of migrants in Western Europe
Underground sociabilities : identity, culture, and resistance in Rio de Janeiro's favelas
Children and social exclusion : morality, prejudice, and group identity
The impact of new technologies on the quality of life of people with disabilities
Community cohesion at the local level : addressing the needs of Muslim Communities : examples of local initiatives
"Personalised support": how to provide high quality support to people with complex and challenging needs: learning from Partners for Inclusion
The politics of citizenship tests : time, integration and the contingent polity
Empowerment, lifelong learning and recovery in mental health : towards a new paradigm
Intergroup relations and leadership : approaches and research in industrial, ethnic, cultural, and political areas
The socio-economic impact of air transport on small regions in Finland : case study: the Kokkola-Pietarsaari airport region
Thick moralities, thin politics : social integration across communities of belief
Social failures of EU enlargement : a case of workers voting with their feet
Inclusive physical activity : promoting health for a lifetime
The international trend towards migration is growing rapidly and becoming increasingly complex. As the first-wave generation of migrants ages, their children and even grandchildren are reaching adulthood having spent their entire lives in the countries their families chose long ago. International Perspectives: Integration and Inclusion is a wide-ranging exploration of this new, global reality. While many countries have been, and remain, resistant to migration, the sheer volume of people moving from one country to another is forcing public policy and perceptions to change. Migrant inclusion and integration, however, remains an issue in many locales. Insightful and timely, this volume brings together contributions from various countries and levels of the migrant experience in order to consider the ways in which states can facilitate the integration and inclusion of newcomers and minorities.
In dwelling : implacability, exclusion and acceptance
The national identity argument in the debate over European integration in Britain
Immigration, isolation, integration : is that the only solution?
Paradoxes of cultural recognition : perspectives from northern Europe
Migration und Integration
Join the club : how peer pressure can transform the world
Europe 2020 : towards a more social EU
Hearing the voices of the gypsy, Roma and traveller communities : inclusive community development
Compendium of practice on non-discrimination/equality mainstreaming
This volume explores how globalization has given rise to new meanings of citizenship.
Included yet excluded? : conditions for inclusive teaching in physical education and health
Networked urbanism : social capital in the city
Active social policies in the EU : inclusion through participation?
Somali generation born in Finland : between Finnish and Somali culture
Clash or cooperation of civilizations? : overlapping integration and identities
Educated people, migration and European integration
Is the EU enlargement the success EU institutions proclaim? Based on fifteen years of fieldwork research across Central and Eastern Europe and on migrants in the UK and Germany, this book provides a less glittering answer. The EU has betrayed hopes of social cohesion: social regulations have been forgotten, multinationals use threats of relocations, and workers, left without institutional channels to voice their concerns, have reacted by leaving their countries en masse. Yet migration, for many, increases social vulnerability. Drawing on Hirschman's concepts of 'Exit' and 'Voice', the book traces the origins of such failures in the management of EU enlargement as a pure economic and market-creating exercise, neglecting the inherently political nature of labour relations. The reinforcement of market mechanisms without political counterbalances has resulted in an increase in opportunistic 'exit' behaviour by both employers and employees, and thereby in a worsening quality of democracy, at workplace, national and European levels. As a result of this process, the EU has become more similar to the North American Free Trade Agreement between USA, Canada and Mexico, where social rights are marginalized and economic integration does not translate into better development.
Community education, lifelong learning and social inclusion
Summary.
Globalizing citizens : new dynamics of inclusion and exclusion
Early warning : project background description
Successful educational actions for inclusion and social cohesion in Europe
IOM National Seminar on Repatriation, return and integration issues in Latvia : October 8, 1998, Riga : report
The Finnish Network for International Programmes (FINNIPS) joins the majority of the Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (UAS) together in cooperation over the development of international education in Finland. The main task of the network is to arrange the entrance exams to the UASs’ English-taught degree programmes in a selection of countries outside Finland. However, along with the various development activities conducted within the network since its establishment at the end of 2009, the role of FINNIPS can be seen to stretch beyond the entry stage of studies. The network’s second publication is a cross-section of the various themes and on-going discussions that shape and affect the role and functions of international degree programmes in Finnish UASs. The topics regarding the quality and economic impact of education as well as the employment and social integration of the foreign higher education students are addressed in the articles of this publication. The wide array of themes dealt with in the articles contributes to the quest to acknowledge the various dimensions and effects of international education in Finland. Furthermore, the publication seeks to address the most topical questions and map the current challenges related to international UAS education and, at the same time, offer tools and accounts of best practices with regard to the further development of it.
Cultural diversity and integration in the Nordic welfare states : proceedings of the 12th Nordic Migration Conference 2003
Practising social inclusion
Housing talent : residential satisfaction among skilled migrants in the Helsinki metropolitan area
Education, training and employment dynamics : transitional labour markets in the European Union
The book provides an evaluation of some of the problems with current processes and policies on integration in Europe, both in relation to broader aims of democratization and in relation to the ways in which gendered assumptions and practices are embedded in the policies and outcomes of European migration regimes. The book analyses integration as a contested concept, providing a cross-disciplinary theoretical, empirical and policy-oriented analysis of the integration-migration nexus. Integration is analysed sociologically, politically and legally as a concept that reinforces boundaries of ethnicity and problematizes difference and diversity. Particular foci of the book include theoretical and empirical aspects of migrant incorporation in Europe; citizenship, belonging and migration; gendered structures, experiences and policies; and the strategies of migrants in coping with nationally embedded protectionism. The book also explores notions of solidarity, cosmopolitanism and interculturalism, which can inform a more coherent and sustainable approach to social incorporation and inclusion within modern societies. --Book Jacket.
Where strangers become neighbours : integrating immigrants in Vancouver, Canada
Brain rules : 12 principles for surviving and thriving at work, home and school
Challenging immigration and ethnic relations politics : comparative European perspectives
Intellectual disabilities : genetics, behavior and inclusion
Socially integrated drug users : between deviance and normality
Creating a sense of membership in basic education : the contributions of schoolwide events
Spaces, mobilities and youth biographies in the new Sweden : studies on education governance and social inclusion and exclusion
Report on the state of the European Union. Vol. 1
Executive summary (s. 5-9).
United we stand - divided we fall : a standard model of unit cohesion
Foreign Students' Integration into the Finnish Society and Labour Market
Reintegration of ex-combatants after conflict : participatory approaches in Sierra Leone and Liberia
Self-esteem and social support : a case study of the Pyhtää community : the first part of the three-part study of the Pyhtää-data from the years 1982 and 1993
Jews in Israel : contemporary social and cultural patterns
Comparison of the postwar and post-cold war generations of temporary foreign worker admissions
Improving the tools for the social inclusion and non-discrimination of Roma in the EU : report
The Finnish Network for International Programmes (FINNIPS) joins the majority of the Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (UAS) and their English-taught degree programmes together in cooperation on entrance examinations and in broader terms, on development of international education in Finland. The network’s second publication is a cross-section of the various themes and on-going discussions that shape and affect the role and functions of international degree programmes in Finnish UASs. The topics regarding the quality and economic impact of education as well as the employment and social integration of the foreign higher education students are addressed from various angles in the articles. Overall, the publication seeks to address the most topical questions and map the current challenges related to international UAS education and, at the same time, offer tools and accounts of best practices with regard to the further development of it.
Children and social exclusion: Morality, prejudice, and group identity explores the origins of prejudice and the emergence of morality to explain why children include some and exclude others. Formulates an original theory about children's experiences with exclusion and how they understand the world of discrimination based on group membership brings together social domain theory and social identity theory to explain how children view exclusion that often results in prejudice, and inclusion that reflects social justice and morality presents new research data consisting of in-depth interviews from childhood to late adolescence, observational findings with peer groups, and experimental paradigms that test how children understand group dynamics and social norms, and show either group bias or morality. Illustrates data with direct quotes from children along with diagrams depicting their social understanding presents new insights about the origins of prejudice and group bias, as well as morality and fairness, drawn from extensive original data. Social inclusion and exclusion are pervasive aspects of social life. Understanding when exclusion is legitimate or wrong reflects an understanding of morality. While there are times when exclusion is legitimate and fosters group functioning, there are also times when it reflects prejudicial biases and stereotypic expectations. How children weigh fairness and stereotypic expectations when making exclusion decisions is determined by their understanding of group norms, social identity, and friendships with children from other backgrounds. In our contemporary global society, few topics are as timely or pressing as exclusion. Children and Social Exclusion: Morality, Prejudice, and Group Identity delves deeply into the origins of prejudice and the emergence of morality to explain why children include some and exclude others and sheds light on the origins of stereotyping, prejudice, and social justice. By tackling these important issues from a global perspective, Children and Social Exclusion: Morality, Prejudice, and Group Identity illustrates how the concept of exclusion might be better understood in multiple cultures and reveals its implications in regions of conflict in the world.
Social integration among the ageing : a comparison of the quantity and quality of social support among the employed, early retirees and disability pensioners
Migration, citizenship, and intercultural relations : looking through the lens of social inclusion
Including museums : perspectives on museums, galleries and social inclusion
International degree students' integration into the Finnish higher education and labor market
Mixed communities : gentrification by stealth?
Finland's Jewish community : the path to integration
Enabling the creators : arts and cultural management and the challenge of social inclusion
The dynamics of full employment : social integration through transitional labour markets
Diversity inclusion for social cohesion : discourses in the politics of difference and the advocacy of inclusive practice in social work  education
EU cohesion policy after enlargement
Roma and traveller inclusion in Europe : green questions and answers
Integration of newly arrived immigrant pupils into schools : focus ethnography on 'preparation for basic education' in Finland
A social inclusion roadmap for Europe 2020
The role of social assistance as means of social inclusion and activation : a comparative study on minimum income in seven Europe[a]n countries. Report 4, Activation policies in the context of social assistance
Immigrants Paths to Employment in Finland
Cognitive space : a social cognitive approach to Sino-Western cooperation
Intergratsiooni aastaraamat 1998 - 1999 : Üks ühiskond, üks riik = Integration yearbook 1998 - 1999. One society, one state
This monograph analyses and describes successful educational actions with a specific focus on vulnerable groups (i.e. youth, migrants, cultural groups e.g. Roma, women, and people with disabilities). Concrete data that shows success in school performance in subject matters such as math or language will be provided, as well as children, teachers and families accounts of the impact of this success. Alongside, there is an analysis of the relationship between these childrens educational performance with their inclusion or exclusion from different areas of society (i.e. housing, health, employment, and social and political participation). Many studies have already diagnosed and described the causes of educational and social exclusion of these vulnerable groups. This monograph, however, provides solutions, that is, actions for success identified through the INCLUD-ED project, thus providing both, contrasted data and solid theoretical background and development. Some examples of these actions are interactive groups (or heterogeneous grouping in the classroom with reorganisation of human resources), extension of the learning time, homework clubs, tutored libraries, family and community educative participation, family education, or dialogic literary gatherings. All these actions have been defined as successful educational actions, which mean that they lead to both efficiency and equity. Finally, recommendations for policy and practice are included and discussed.
Two against one : coalitions in triads
Handbook of European societies : social transformation in the 21st century
Innovative comparative methods for policy analysis : beyond the quantitative-qualitative divide
The Problem-solving capacity of the modern state : governance challenges and administrative capacities
Integrating black African youths into the Finnish labour force : the Helsinki Municipality case study
Disability and social integration : constructions of childhood impairments in thirteenth- and fourteenth-century canonisation processes
Intersecting inequalities : class, race, sex, and sexualities
Social semiotics for a complex world : analysing language and social meaning
Globalization, social movements, and the construction of Europe : the example of the European parliament elections in France
Studies on the internal diaspora of the Byzantine Empire
Bridging Baltic : our project - our story!
Inclusion against the odds : the continuing education and life of Kirsty Arrondelle
Contesting integration, engendering migration : theory and practice
Language in multicultural education
Strangers and poor people : changing patterns of inclusion and exclusion in Europe and the Mediterranean World from classical antiquity to the present day
Beyond studies : struggles and opportunities : perspectives on international student's settlement in Finland
Behind the myth of European Union : prospects for cohesion
Inclusive physical activity : a lifetime of opportunities
Unraveling ties : from social cohesion to new practices of connectedness
In this book, Yuval-Davis provides a cutting-edge investigation of the challenging debates around belonging and the politics of belonging. Alongside the hegemonic forms of citizenship and nationalism which have tended to dominate our recent political and social history, the author examines alternative contemporary political projects of belonging constructed around the notions of religion, cosmopolitanism and the feminist 'ethics of care'. The book also explores the effects of globalization, mass migration, the rise of both fundamentalist and human rights movements on such politics of belonging, as well as some of its racialized and gendered dimensions. A special space is given to the various feminist political movements that have been engaged as part of or in resistance to the political projects of belonging. Yuval-Davis deconstructs notions of national and ethnic and interrogates the effects that different political projects of belonging have on members of these collectivities who are differentially located socially, economically and politically.
China's new social fabric
