http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4405 doctors (degrees)
doctors (degrees)
Publishing from your PhD : negotiating a crowded jungle
Supervising the PhD : a guide to success
Students’ experiences of support during doctoral studies in industrial engineering and management
Abstract.
Tiedenaisia = Vetenskapskvinnor = Women of learning
Doctoral education in design : proceedings of the France conference July 8-12, 2000
Narratives of doctoral studies in science education : making the transition from educational practitioner to researcher
A Passage to India
Mapping of the PhDs in the private sector : a literature review
The research mission of the university : policy reforms and institutional response
How to be an effective supervisor : best practice in research student supervision
Lessons learned from connecting doctoral studies and academic research on entrepreneurship into teacher's work at University of Applied Sciences
Länkiritarikunta 20 vuotta = Order of Horse Collar Knights two decades
Reshaping doctoral education : international approaches and pedagogies
Practitioner research at doctoral level : developing coherent research methodologies
Three-dimensional projection : situation sculpture between the artist and the viewer
Doctoral education in design : proceedings of the Ohio conference October 8-11, 1998
Supervising the doctorate : a guide to success
Regional co-operation in science education research and researcher training : an example from Northern Europe
This report is part of the research-based development of doctoral training in the UniOGS graduate school, at the University of Oulu. It aims to contribute research-based evidence pertaining to the development of doctoral education in the UniOGS graduate school at the University of Oulu by exploring the doctoral experience in the UniOGS, and the primary regulators of the doctoral journey. The data reported here were collected with the doctoral experience survey from doctoral students of UniOGS graduate school. Doctoral students' experiences of doctoral training were analysed in terms of three complementary aspects of the training: the doctoral dissertation process, supervision, and doctoral studies. The report consists of a summary of the results based on data collected from doctoral students at the University of Oulu in April 2015.
Changing practices of doctoral education
Summary in Estonian.
Summary report on doctoral experience in the UniOGS graduate school at the University of Oulu
Features of the poetic : the mimetic method of the visual artist
How to write a thesis
Doctoral studies in political science at the university of Helsinki
Doctoral studies in education : a Finnish perspective
Tohtoripromootio = Ceremonial conferment of doctoral degrees : 26.-28.5.2011 : juhlakirja = commemorative book
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 9. vuositapaaminen : The Future of Pharma, 19.-21.8.2015 = FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) 9th Annual Meeting : The Future of Pharma, August 19.-21.2015
The formation of scholars : rethinking doctoral education for the twenty-first century
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 8. vuositapaaminen Helsingissä 26.-27.8.2014 = 8th Annual FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) Meeting at the University of Helsinki, August 26-27, 2014.
Moving Shadows : experimental film practice in a landscape of change
Plant science in Finland 2005-2009 : evaluation report
Planning your PhD
The doctoral experience : success and failure in graduate school
Dimensions of internationalizing doctoral education in business administration : a discussion of the concept dynamics and policy
Time-travel bath bomb
Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and the pavilion on the links
The Routledge doctoral student's companion : getting to grips with research in education and the social sciences
Doctoral thesis at the age of 75 : fulfilment of a long career
Toward a global PhD? : forces and forms in doctoral education worldwide
A woman's guide to doctoral studies
Doctoral studies in global time and change - female doctoral student and individual lifecourse in Finland
Lara : the untold love story that inspired Doctor Zhivago
Revelation space
Doctor Proctor's fart powder
Research biography of Liisa Uusitalo : publications by year 1968-2012
PhD training and knowledge-based society : an evaluation of doctoral education in Finland
Changing doctoral degrees : an international perspective
The diabolical Miss Hyde
Becoming a scholar : the dynamic interaction between the doctoral student and the scholarly community
Doctoral mobility in the social sciences : report to the NORFACE ERA-NET
Place of geometry
PhDs in Finland : employment, placement and demand
Quality assurance in postgraduate education
The dissertation process described by doctoral students in Finland
A case study of a doctoral student in Finland
Helping doctoral students write : pedagogies for supervision
Teatterikorkeakoulun tohtoripromootio 2009 = Teaterhögskolans doktorspromotion = Theatre Academy Helsinki's doctoral confirment ceremony
A. I. Virtanen Institute for Molecular Sciences : a short history of the first decade 1995-2004
Darkness visible : essays on art, philosophy and politics
Developing doctoral student mentoring through narrative teaching strategies
Turun yliopiston tohtoripromootio : 23.- 25.5.2003 = Degree Ceremonies of the University of Turku May : 23-25, 2003
A handbook for doctoral supervisors
Twilight of the eastern gods
Envisioning the future of doctoral education : preparing stewards of the discipline, Carnegie essays on the doctorate
Doctoral Writing in the Creative and Performing Arts
Towards the European model of postgraduate training
Emerging directions in doctoral education
Supervision and research training within the professional research community : seeking new challenges of doctoral education in Estonia
Some comparative highlights in Nordic doctoral studies
Monster on the Hill
Summary report on doctoral experience in UniOGS graduate school at the University of Oulu
This book explores the ways in which small scale research studies arise from issues of practice, and how they are conceptualised, theorised and implemented using a variety of methodological approaches and frameworks. The narratives written by thirteen doctoral students tell real stories of projects and challenges that researchers face when making the transition from educational practitioner to researcher. Considering case studies from the UK, Sweden and Germany, chapters seek to investigate and inform others about how doctoral students solved individual and typical problems linking practice and research. Each methodological journey highlights and illustrates the iterative and cyclic nature of research, and the normality of the process of going back and forth between data and theory, making changes of direction as research proceeds. The book includes frameworks for combining research, theory and practice, drawing from the methodological decisions and conclusions each contributor made to develop their own practice oriented research. Narratives of Doctoral Studies in Science Education will be key reading for researchers and academics in the fields of educational research, science education, research methods and higher education, as well as masters and doctoral students undertaking their own research projects.
Introduction to the practices and problems in doctoral studies in the Nordic countries
Uplifted spirits, earthbound machines : studies on artists and the dream of flight, 1900-1935
PhD candidates and the research process : the library contribution
"The heartbreaking story of the love affair between Boris Pasternak, the author of Doctor Zhivago, and Olga Ivinskaya - the true tragedy behind the timeless classic. When Stalin came into power in 1924, the Communist government began persecuting dissident writers. Though Stalin spared the life of Boris Pasternak - whose novel-in-progress, Doctor Zhivago, was suspected of being anti-Soviet - he persecuted Boris's mistress, typist, and literary muse, Olga Ivinskaya. Boris's affair with Olga devastated the straitlaced Pasternaks, and they were keen to disavow Olga's role in Boris's writing process. Twice Olga was sentenced to work in Siberian labor camps, where she was interrogated about the book Boris was writing, but she refused to betray the man she loved. When Olga was released from the gulags, she assumed that Boris would leave his wife for her but, trapped by his family's expectations and his own weak will, he never did. Drawing on previously neglected family sources and original interviews, Anna Pasternak explores this hidden act of moral compromise by her great-uncle, and restores to history the passionate affair that inspired and animated Doctor Zhivago. Devastated that Olga suffered on his behalf and frustrated that he could not match her loyalty to him, Boris instead channeled his thwarted passion for Olga into the love story in Doctor Zhivago. Filled with the rich detail of Boris's secret life, Lara unearths a moving love story of courage, loyalty, suffering, drama, and loss, and casts a new light on the legacy of Doctor Zhivago."
The island of Doctor Moreau
In this original and thoughtful examination Jyrki Siukonen offers stunning glimpses into the history of art and flying machines. Mankinds perennial dream of flight has found its expression in numerous ingenious contraptions failing to fly. Siukonen studies some of the finest examples, such as Clément Aders steam-powered Avion III and Vladimir Tatlins Letatlin. The dream of flight is also the backcloth against which Siukonen pursues a range of surprising questions about the ideas of the renowned masters of modern architecture, Alvar Aalto and Le Corbusier, and introduces the utopian strain in the writings of the poet Velimir Khlebnikov.
The strange case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde
This volume examines how universities and colleges around the world are developing innovative ways to provide doctoral education, including new theories and models of doctoral education and the impact of changes in government and/or accreditation policy on practices in doctoral education. Specifically, this volume looks at the emerging trends in student selection practices, research topic selection, supervision practices, and dissertation review and approval process across a range of disciplines across different institutional types across different countries. Seeking to understand the current landscape of how universities are preparing the next generation of researchers, scholars, scientists, and university faculty, Emerging Directions in Doctoral Education is a must-read for faculty, researchers, accreditation agencies, doctoral students and policymakers.
A PASSAGE TO INDIA
3rd cycle degrees : competences and researcher career : Bologna seminar, Helsinki 2008.
