http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4401 guardianship
guardianship
Child Welfare Act. Child Custody and Right of Access Act
Having and raising children : unconventional families, hard choices, and the social good
"Based on a series of pathbreaking lectures given at Yale University in 2012, this powerful, thought-provoking work by national best-selling author Cass R. Sunstein combines legal theory with behavioral economics to make a fresh argument about the legitimate scope of government, bearing on obesity, smoking, distracted driving, health care, food safety, and other highly volatile, high-profile public issues. Behavioral economists have established that people often make decisions that run counter to their best interests-producing what Sunstein describes as "behavioral market failures." Sometimes we disregard the long term; sometimes we are unrealistically optimistic; sometimes we do not see what is in front of us. With this evidence in mind, Sunstein argues for a new form of paternalism, one that protects people against serious errors but also recognizes the risk of government overreaching and usually preserves freedom of choice. Against those who reject paternalism of any kind, Sunstein shows that "choice architecture"-government-imposed structures that affect our choices-is inevitable, and hence that a form of paternalism cannot be avoided. He urges that there are profoundly moral reasons to ensure that choice architecture is helpful rather than harmful-and that it makes people's lives better and longer"--
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 4, Chapter 7, Persons and family : Children, parents and guardians
Austerity and prosperity : perspectives on Finnish society
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 3, Torts : Liability for persons under supervision
Why nudge? : the politics of libertarian paternalism
Freedom, autonomy and the limits of medical paternalism
Patronage as politics of South Asia
Anti-paternalism and public health policy
Family law in Europe
Legal capacity in Europe : a call to action to governments and to the EU
Child custody and domestic violence : : a call for safety and accountability
Principles of Hindu law
The changing family : family forms & family law
In the child's best interests? : divorce court welfare and the search for a settlement
Guardianship, gender and the nobility in early modern Spain
From the poor laws to the welfare state
Freedom and culture in Western society
Legitimate and illegitimate paternalism in polyethnic conflicts
The Code Napoleon, or, The French Civil Code
Freedom, autonomy, and the limits of medical paternalism
Western policymakers, political activists and academics alike see patronage as the chief enemy of open, democratic societies. Patronage, for them, is a corrupting force, a hallmark of failed and failing states, and the obverse of everything that good, modern governance ought to be. South Asia poses a frontal challenge for this consensus. Here the world's most populous, pluralist and animated democracy is also a hotbed of corruption with persistently startling levels of inequality. Patronage as Politics in South Asia confronts this paradox with calm erudition: sixteen essays by anthropologists, historians and political scientists show, from a wide range of cultural and historical angles, that in South Asia patronage is no feudal residue or retrograde political pressure, but a political form vital in its own right. This volume suggests that patronage is no foe to South Asia's burgeoning democratic cultures, but may in fact be their main driving force.
Evaluation for guardianship
Fair governance : paternalism and perfectionism
Legal quality in Finnish guardianship services
Dividing the child : social and legal dilemmas of custody
Child law
