http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4408 remunerations
remunerations income in addition to normal pay
Proceedings of the inaugural conference of the World association of sign language interpreters (WASLI) : Worcester, South Africa, October 31st - November 2nd 2005
Profit sharing in Finland : earnings and productivity effects
Jonah Hex : Only the good die young
The witcher III : wild hunt : PS4
Report of the Ad Hoc Meeting of Intergovernmental Organizations on Work Programmes Related to Subsidies in Fisheries : Rome, 21-22 May 2001.
Armstrong's handbook of reward management practice : improving performance through reward
Reviewing key building blocks of an integrated carbon footprinting and consumer purchases' monitoring & reward system - interaction with the consumer : Climate Bonus project report (WP4)
Skullkickers. [Volume 6] : Infinite icons of the endless epic
Guide for identifying, assessing and reporting on subsidies in the fisheries sector
Applications in human resource management : cases, exercises, and skill builders
All you need to know about music business
Strategic human resource management : contemporary issues
How to recognize & reward employees : 150 ways to inspire peak performance
Paying for performance : a guide to compensation management
Exploring human resource management
Rethinking reward
Strategic human resources : frameworks for general managers
Cowboy Bebop. Vol. 2
Identification of key factors in the motivation of employees of Amalgamted Bank Ltd
Corporate governance as a limited legal concept
Jonah Hex : Welcome to paradise
CEO compensation strategies : consequences on the structure and management of executive pay
Jonah Hex : Counting corpses
Sanctions and rewards in the legal system : a multidisciplinary approach
Royalty reform and illegal reporting of harvest volumes under alternative penalty schemes
Tavan takaa : kansatieteellisiä tutkimuksia tapojemme historiasta : ethnological studies of Finnish customs and beliefs = Behind the customs
Managing through incentives : how to develop a more collaborative, productive and profitable organization
Corporate governance : accountability in the marketplace
Performance measurement and incentive systems in purchasing : more than just savings
Pay people right! : Breakthrough reward strategies to create great companies
Study on audiovisual performers' contracts and remuneration practices in France and Germany
Stephanie Plum faces her toughest case yet.
Rewarding teams
A framework for human resource management
Making a medical living : doctors and patients in the English market for medicine, 1720-1911
Blockbusters : why big hits - and big risks - are the future of the entertainment business
To the nines
Tipping : an American social history of gratuities
Earnings management surrounding top executive retirements in Finnish companies
Further development of Finnish construction management contracts
Improving operational efficiency in plastics production through professional action planning practice and incentive system
Breaking the code of change
Jonah Hex : Guns of vengeance
Jonah Hex : Face full of violence
Human resource management at hote "Tourist", Moscow
"It is the present-day, and the world is as we know it: smartphones, social networking and Happy Meals. Save for one thing: the Civil War never occurred.  A gifted young Black man calling himself Victor has struck a bargain with federal law enforcement, working as a bounty hunter for the US Marshall Service. He's got plenty of work. In this version of America, slavery continues in four states called "the Hard Four." On the trail of a runaway known as Jackdaw, Victor arrives in Indianapolis knowing that something isn't right - with the case file, with his work, and with the country itself.  A mystery to himself, Victor suppresses his memories of his childhood on a plantation, and works to infiltrate the local cell of a abolitionist movement called the Underground Airlines. Tracking Jackdaw through the back rooms of churches, empty parking garages, hotels, and medical offices, Victor believes he's hot on the trail. But his strange, increasingly uncanny pursuit is complicated by a boss who won't reveal the extraodinary stakes of Jackdaw's case, as well as by a heartbreaking young woman and her child who may be Victor's salvation. Victor himself may be the biggest obstacle of all - though his true self remains buried, it threatens to surface. Victor believes himself to be a good man doing bad work, unwilling to give up the freedom he has worked so hard to earn. But in pursuing Jackdaw, Victor discovers secrets at the core of the country's arrangement with the Hard Four, secrets the government will preserve at any cost. Underground Airlines is a ground-breaking novel, a wickedly imaginative thriller, and a story of an America that is more like our own than we'd like to believe"--
Payoff : the hidden logic that shapes our motivations
Robo-Hunter : The droid files volume 02
The role of goal pursuit in the interaction between psychosocial work environment and occupational well-being
Highland scandal
Every day we work hard to motivate ourselves. We spend much of our time trying to motivate the people working for us, with us and in business with us. In our personal lives we try to motivate our friends, partners and children. From the economic point of view, motivation is based on a very simple trade-off: we need and want things, and we work to get them. We're more likely to do something if we get money for it, and the more money we get, the more motivated we are. But what if our understanding of motivation and money is all wrong? In Payoff, Dan Ariely investigates the true nature of motivation and our partial blindness to the way it works. He digs to the root of money motivation, and explains how understanding it can help us to successfully approach different choices in our lives.
The Witcher : adventure game
A guide to non-cash reward
Association between auditor industry specialization and audit fees surrounding the Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act implementation
The theory of incentives : the principal-agent model
Report of the Second Ad Hoc Meeting of Intergovernmental Organizations on Work Programmes Related to Subsidies in Fisheries : Rome, 4-5 July 2002.
Performance related pay for the 1990s : pay policy, benefits, rewards, profit sharing, profit-related pay share, incentive schemes
The hit
Dante Valentine : the complete series
Top secret twenty-one
A survey of rewards and punishments in schools : a report by the National foundation for educational research in England and Wales
In a post-apocalyptic world where fences and border patrols guard the few people left from the zombies that have overtaken civilization, fifteen-year-old Benny Imura is finally convinced that he must follow in his older brother's footsteps and become a bounty hunter / WorldCat.
Rewarding excellence : pay strategies for the new economy
Jonah Hex : Tall tales
Healthcare payment systems : fee schedule payment system
Essays on audit pricing
A survey of rewards and punishments in schools : a report by the National Foundation for Educational Research in England and Wales
Visions of sugar plums
Essays on political corporate governance and governance reforms : consequences from sociological perspectives
Abstract.
Essentials of HRM
With English and German summaries.
Underground airlines
Introducing fisheries subsidies
A handbook of human resource management practice
Report of the Third Ad Hoc Meeting of Intergovernmental Organizations on Work Programmes Related to Subsidies in Fisheries : Rome, 23-25 July 2003.
Evaluation of executive stock options in continuous and discrete time
IFA Branch Report, Finland
Fire & ash
The reward plan advantage : a manager's guide to improving business performance through people
Essays on stock option compensation and the role of incentives and risk
The summons
Corporate governance : responsibilities, risks and remuneration
Essentials of organizational behavior
Black cat. Vol. 16 : The truth about the Tao
Essays on stock options, incentives and managerial action
When Benny Imura and his friends learn that a scientist may have discovered a cure for the zombie plague, they mount a search and rescue mission, unaware that the reapers want the cure to wipe humanity off the face of the earth / WorldCat.
Jonah Hex : Origins
Benny, Nix, Lou, and Lilah journey through a fierce wilderness that was once America searching for the jet they saw months ago, while evading fierce animals and a new kind of zombie / WorldCat.
Finnish review
Creativity, incentive, and reward : an economic analysis of copyright and culture in the information age
Robo-Hunter : The droid files volume 01
An introduction to human resource management
Clinton cash : the untold story of how and why foreign governments and businesses helped make Bill and Hillary rich
Twenty-two short stories, eleven of which were previously published, based on the Rot & Ruin series in which fifteen-year-old Benny Imura and his friends fight a zombie plague in a post-apocalyptic America. Includes a related comic book script / WorldCat.
Changes in personal work goals in relation to the psychosocial work environment: A two-year follow-up study
The perils of altering incentive plans : a case study
The concept of a beneficial owner in the application of finnish tax treaties
What they'll never tell you about the music business : the myths, the secrets, the lies (& few truths)
The music management bible : The definitive guide to understanding music management
The Economist guide to investment strategy : how to understand markets, risk, rewards and behaviour
Rewarding teams : lessons from the trenches
Takedown twenty
Do all roads lead to ruin? Six months have passed since the terrifying battle with Charlie Pink-eye and the Motor City Hammer in the zombie-infested mountains of the Rot and Ruin. It's also six months since Benny Imura and Nix Riley saw something that changed their lives. Now, after months of rigorous training, Benny, his zombie-hunter brother Tom and a few other friends are ready to leave their home forever and search for a better future. But everything that can possibly go wrong does. And not everyone in Benny's small band of travellers will make it out alive / WorldCat.
Tricky twenty-two
Should There Be a Salary Cap for Top Managers in the Financial Sector?
Flesh & bone
Strategic compensation : a human resource management approach
Strategic reward systems
Reward management : a handbook of remuneration strategy and practice
Strategic reward : how organizations add value through reward
Star wars omnibus : The other sons of Tatooine
In 2000, Bill and Hillary Clinton owed millions of dollars in legal debt. Since then, they've earned over $130 million. Where did the money come from? Most people assume that the Clintons amassed their wealth through lucrative book deals and high-six figure fees for speaking gigs. Now, Peter Schweizer shows who is really behind those enormous payments
