http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4402 outer space
outer space
Guardians of the galaxy : New guard. Vol 2, Wanted
Star wars, the force awakens (Collector's edition 3D + blu-ray)
Communities in cyberspace
Transcending jurisprudence : a critique of the architectonics of international law
Off Armageddon Reef
Prophet. 5, Earth war
"The rapacious Conglomeration has taken their war with the more benevolent Accordance to our solar system. Having won a decisive battle on the moon, the human Colonial Protective Forces and PAC fleet try to head off the coming armada before their overpowering strength is amassed as CPF is once again on a front line that keeps moving. Outgunned but not beat, Devlin, Ken and Amira desperately search for a solution to a crumbling campaign to holt the Conglomeration while exploiting the PAC's need for soldiers to raise humanity's stature within the PAC. This is book two in The Icarus Corps"--
Securing global commons : a small state perspective
Blood of the cosmos
Black science. volume 2 : Welcome, nowhere
Acclaimed author Emma Newman returns to the captivating universe she created in Planetfall with a stunning science fiction mystery where one man's murder is much more than it seems ... Govcorp detective Carlos Moreno was only a baby when Atlas left Earth to seek truth among the stars. But in that moment, the course of Carlos's entire life changed. Atlas is what took his mother away; what made his father lose hope; what led Alejandro Casales, leader of the religious cult known as the Circle, to his door. And now, on the eve of the fortieth anniversary of Atlas's departure, it's got something to do why Casales was found dead in his hotel room--and why Carlos is the man in charge of the investigation. To figure out who killed one of the most powerful men on Earth, Carlos is supposed to put aside his personal history. But the deeper he delves into the case, the more he realises that escaping the past is not so easy. There's more to Casales's death than meets the eye, and something much more sinister to the legacy of Atlas than anyone realises.
In the future the afterlife will be digitised. Return to the world of Station in the sequel to the acclaimed Crashing Heaven. On Station the dead live on, haunting the living as Fetches; digital ghosts drawn from the downloaded memories of the deceased. And hell is a series of hard drives where those who cannot haunt are stored. But now one woman must journey into the hard drives to solve a murder. Even as the gods of Station face the dawn of a new age. Mixing classic cyberpunk tropes with a fresh take on how we will live in a virtually enhanced reality, worshipping corporations who have become gods, Al Roberston has established himself as a thoughtful and skilled writer of vastly intelligent, gripping SF thrillers.
Carter Sloan is a trained assassin--the best there is, pulled out of cryogenic sleep whenever an assignment demands his skills. So when he's kept in the deep freeze for 258 years, he's seriously annoyed. Yet his government needs him, to hunt down the enemy known as the Daughter of the Brass Dragon. The future of the galaxy-spanning Reich depends on it, so Sloan is off--screwing, swearing, and shooting his way across interstellar space.
The cosmic ray asymptotic directions for station Oulu in the magnetic field of the Tsyganenko 1989 model
Rendezvous with Rama
The plague forge
Seasons in flight
Chasm City
Star wars legends epic collection. The new republic. Volume 1
Twilight
Norwegian cyber security : how to build a resilient cyber society in a small nation
Emperor's daughter Mercedes is the first woman ever admitted to the High Ground, the elite training academy of the Solar League's Star Command, and she must graduate if she is to have any hope of taking the throne. Her classmate Tracy has more modest goals - to rise to the rank of captain, and win fame and honor. But a civil war is coming and the political machinations of those who yearn for power threatens the young cadets. In a time of intrigue and alien invasion, they will be tested as they never thought possible.
A new liability regime for the space sector : an economic imperative
Eejit : a tale of the final fall of man
Mobile suit Gundam Seed. 5 / translated and adapted by David Ury
Our fate is in their hands...The Colonial Union's Defence Force was formed to save humanity when aggressive alien species targeted our worlds. Now Lieutenant Harry Wilson has an urgent new mission, as a hostile universe becomes ever more dangerous. He must investigate a sinister group, which lurks in the darkness of space playing different factions against one another. They'll target both humans and aliens, and their motives are unfathomable. The Defence Force itself is weakening as its soldiers fall - without recruits to replace them. Relations with Earth have broken down and it will send no more troops, even as human colonies become increasingly vulnerable to alien attack. Lieutenant Wilson and Colonial Union diplomats must race to keep the peace, seek reconciliation with an enraged Earth, and maintain humanity's unity at all costs. If they don't, it will mean oblivion, extinction and the end of all things.
The praxis
The planet Kerenza is attacked, and Kady and Ezra find themselves on a space fleet fleeing the enemy, while their ship's artificial intelligence system and a deadly plague may be the end of them all -
Space shuttle blasts off!
The lives of Tao
The ghost brigades
Lines of departure
Ninefox gambit
The gabble : and other stories
In this follow-up to the acclaimed military science fiction thriller The Cold Between, a young soldier finds herself caught in the crosshairs of a deadly conspiracy in deep space. Six weeks ago, Commander Elena Shaw and Captain Greg Foster were court-martialed for their role in an event Central Gov denies ever happened. Yet instead of a dishonorable discharge or time in a military prison, Shaw and Foster and are now back together on Galileo. As punishment, they’ve been assigned to patrol the nearly empty space of the Third Sector.  But their mundane mission quickly turns treacherous when the Galileo picks up a distress call: Exeter, a sister ship, is under attack from raiders. A PSI generation ship—the same one that recently broke off negotiations with Foster—is also in the sector and joins in the desperate battle that leaves ninety-seven of Exeter’s crew dead.  An investigation of the disaster points to sabotage. And Exeter is only the beginning. When the PSI ship and Galileo suffer their own “accidents,” it becomes clear that someone is willing to set off a war in the Third Sector to keep their secrets, and the clues point to the highest echelons of power . . . and deep into Shaw’s past.
Sometimes the few must stand against the many.  From the dark, cold void came an unknown force. Their target a remote planet, the home for a group of people distancing themselves from mankind and pursuing a path of piety and peace. If they have any chance at survival a disparate group of pilots must come together to fight back any way they can. But the best these aces can do might not be good enough.
Mobile suit Gundam Seed. [2] / translated and adapted by Jason DeAngelis
Five thousand years after a catastropic event sends a small surviving remnant of humanity into outer space, the progeny of those survivors--seven distinct races now three billion strong--embark on a journey into the unknown to return to Earth.
Ythaq : the forsaken world
Old man's war
Life on another planet
Minkowskian space-time theory
Redshift : multimedia astronomy
Law and politics in space : specific and urgent problems in the law of outer space : proceedings of the first McGill Conference on the Law of Outer Space, 12 and 13 April, 1963
The first moon landing
Angles of attack
It's never too early to find out about... space
For the crew of the Keiko, their stay at the Grand House casino on New Samara was supposed to be a well-deserved rest. It didn't last. Captain Ichabod Drift promised that the side-trip to the mining planet Uragan would be a quick in and out - a data retrieval job then back to the tables. He was wrong. When the revolution comes, all you can do is choose a side and hope to get out alive.
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
Five little men in a flying saucer
The little star
The dinosaur that pooped a planet sound book
Half way home
The United Nations and outer space
Retroworld
The scientific secrets of Doctor Who
The technician
The griff : a graphic novel
Federations : vast, epic, interstellar
Quality Management System according to AS9100-C
Advanced control of aircraft, spacecraft and rockets
The big picture : on the origins of life, meaning, and the universe itself
This encyclopedia of virtual communities and technologies provides a much needed integrated overview of all the critical concepts, technologies and issues in the area of virtual communities.
Triplanetary
CETI Revisited : should we send radio messages to faraway galaxies?
Grunt life : a Task Force Ombra novel
An introduction to cybercultures
The Martian
The Greatest show off earth
The alien forces known as the Lankies are gathering on the solar system's edge, consolidating their conquest of Mars and setting their sights on Earth. The far-off colony of New Svalbard, cut off from the rest of the galaxy by the Lanky blockade, teeters on the verge of starvation and collapse. The forces of the two Earth alliances have won minor skirmishes but are in danger of losing the war. For battle-weary staff sergeant Andrew Grayson and the ragged forces of the North American Commonwealth, the fight for survival is entering a catastrophic new phase. Forging an uneasy alliance with their Sino-Russian enemies, the NAC launches a hybrid task force on a long shot: a stealth mission to breach the Lanky blockade and reestablish supply lines with Earth. Plunging into combat against a merciless alien species that outguns, outmaneuvers, and outfights them at every turn, Andrew and his fellow troopers could end up cornered on their home turf, with no way out and no hope for reinforcement. And this time, the struggle for humanity's future can only end in either victory or annihilation.
Star wars legends epic collection. The empire. Volume 2
When her crewmate Danny is murdered on the colony of Volhynia, Central Corps engineer Commander Elena Shaw is shocked to learn the main suspect is her lover, Treiko Zajec. She knows Trey is innocent—he was with her when Danny was killed. So who is the real killer and why are the cops framing an innocent man?  While retracing Danny’s last hours, they discover that his death may be tied to a mystery from the past: the destruction of a Central Corps starship at a wormhole near Volhynia. For twenty-five years, Central Gov has been lying about the tragedy, even willing to go to war with the outlaw tribe PSI to protect their secrets.  With the authorities closing in, Elena and Trey head to the wormhole, certain they’ll find answers on the other side. But the truth that awaits them is far more terrifying than they ever imagined—a conspiracy deep within Central Gov that threatens all of human civilization throughout the inhabited reaches of the galaxy . . . and beyond.
Battle of the Mask Makers  : Ryder Windham
The abyss beyond dreams : chronicle of the Fallers
Space Dog
Raccoon on the moon
Moon : prospective energy and material resources
When the space station Heimdall is invaded, Hannah and Nik must work together to defeat the enemy. --
Prador moon : a novel of the Polity
Snow crash
Humanity is on the ropes, and after years of fighting a two-front war with losing odds, so is North American Defense Corps officer Andrew Grayson. He dreams of dropping out of the service one day, alongside his pilot girlfriend, but as warfare consumes entire planets and conditions on Earth deteriorate, he wonders if there will be anywhere left for them to go.
The eyes of the beholders
Humanity's fire. Book three : The ascendant stars
Firefly : role-playing game. Core book
Patrick Moore reads about space ; David Bellamy reads about dinosaurs
The secret of the universe
A thousand pieces of you
Lego Star Wars : the force awakens : PS3
Starflight
Redemption ark
Visions of space
Crash
Spooky action at a distance : the phenomenon that reimagines space and time and what it means for black holes, the big bang and theories of everything
The brilliant surprise
Black Science. volume 3 : Vanishing pattern
Drednanth : a tale of the final fall of man
Foundation and Earth
Waking hell
After atlas : a Planetfall novel
Hull zero three
The sundering
Star wars legends epic collection. The empire. Volume 1
Shades of earth
SAPAC: an SBF analysis pipeline for mapping the 3-D structure of the local universe
Measurements of the magnetism of the Mars-96 small station at the Nurmijärvi geophysical observatory
The human division
Renata Ghali believed in Lee Suh-Mi's vision of a world far beyond Earth, calling to humanity. A planet promising to reveal the truth about our place in the cosmos, untainted by overpopulation, pollution, and war. Ren believed in that vision enough to give up everything to follow Suh-Mi into the unknown. More than twenty-two years have passed since Ren and the rest of the faithful braved the starry abyss and established a colony at the base of an enigmatic alien structure where Suh-Mi has since resided, alone. All that time, Ren has worked hard as the colony's 3-D printer engineer, creating the tools necessary for human survival in an alien environment, and harboring a devastating secret. Ren continues to perpetuate the lie forming the foundation of the colony for the good of her fellow colonists, despite the personal cost. Then a stranger appears, far too young to have been part of the first planetfall, a man who bears a remarkable resemblance to Suh-Mi. The truth Ren has concealed since planetfall can no longer be hidden. And its revelation might tear the colony apart.
Star Wars : the force awakens
The young astronomer : [a young enthusiast's guide to astronomy]
Cybersecurity and cybercrime in the 21st century
Barsk : the elephants' graveyard
Ninefox Gambit
Black hole : how an idea abondoned by Newtonians, hated by Einstein and gambled on by Hawking became loved
Some texts and a performance story. All motivated by the author's interest in space, in this that surrounds, and that interest, in turn, originating from the author's earlier studies in cultural anthropology, in observing and experiencing the surrounding animate and inanimate world. The texts in this thesis are alternating between academic and creative writing. They are texts written on a specific site on Suomenlinna island in Helsinki,  Finland, as part of the performance ”Beyond the Wind in Front of Me / A Space Ship Journey” story or prologues to that, and the more academic ones supporting them or growing out of them, being accompanied also by the thoughts and practices of others. The main research questions and themes being How to perceive this that surrounds me? What is space, what does it consist of? Is it something that simply surrounds me? Am I a part of it or is it a part of me? How can a space be researched? How to activate a space?  What kind of mental images do spaces/places create/uncover/open up in us? How to animate/make alive those images? Body giving meaning to space via actions created by the body. Physical environment contra emotional,  imaginary, visionary one. Presence in a space/place. Physical and mental presence. Presence in memories.
When Exether Mega, a young military pilot caught up in an interplanetary conflict between humans and Krommiuns, crashes after a deadly dogfight, she begins a perilous journey across enemy lines. Mega soon discovers she's at the center of a complex, secret experiment to create a weapon of unimaginable power. As further clues to her role identity, and destiny are revealed, sinister forces ramp up their efforts to capture and use her "Fourth Power," in a relentless pursuit across worlds filled with deadly technological and organic beasts.
Mobile suit Gundam Seed. [1] / translated and adapted by Jason DeAngelis
Exploring space : voyages in the solar system and beyond
The high ground
Multi-spacecraft studies on space plasma shocks
The end of all things
Void : the strange physics of nothing
"In the early 2020s, two young, genius computer hackers, Elizabeth Santiago and David Schwartz, meet at MIT, where Schwartz is sneaking into classes, and have a brief affair. David is amoral and out for himself, and soon disappears. Elizabeth dreams of technology and space travel and takes a military job after graduating. Nearly ten years later, David is setting himself to become a billionaire by working in the shadows under a multiplicity of names for international thieves, and Elizabeth works in intelligence preventing international space piracy. With robotic mining in space becoming a lucrative part of Earth's economy, shipments from space are dropped down the gravity well into the oceans. David and Elizabeth fight for dominance of the computer systems controlling ore drop placement in international waters. If David can nudge a shipment 500 miles off its target, his employers can get there first and claim it legally in the open sea. Each one intuits that the other is their real competition but can't prove it. And when Elizabeth loses a major shipment, she leaves government employ to work for a private space company to find a better way to protect shipments. But international piracy has very high stakes and some very evil players. And both Elizabeth and David end up in a world of trouble." - Provided by publisher.
Imagining some space
Star Wars : Lando
The strange
Central Station
Black holes and other space phenomena
Empire from the ashes
Highest mountain deepest ocean : a pictorial compendium of natural wonders
The deaths of Tao
The fourth power
A fire upon the deep
You know him...you love him...now, join him for his biggest caper as master of charm Lando Calrissian gets his very own book! Before he joined the rebellion, before he ran Cloud City, Lando made his way in the galaxy getting by on some swindles, some swagger, and a smile. Lobot at his side, Lando has a plan to steal a very valuable ship...but has he bitten off more than he can chew?
War in heaven : the arms race in outer space
Space and aircraft
Star wars : the force awakens
Ancestral machines
A momentary lapse of reason : politological overlook of cyberspace
Hidden figures : the American dream and the untold story of the Black women mathematicians who helped win the space race
Introduction to astronomy and cosmology
The Coming of the Space Age : Famous Accounts of Man's Probing of the Universe
Sam Zabel and the magic pen
Seikai trilogy. Vol 3 : Banner of the stars II : protecting the precious
Following the events of THE LAST COLONY, John Scalzi tells the story of the fight to maintain the unity of the human race. Now the CU's secrets are known to all. Other alien races have come on the scene and formed a new alliance - an alliance against the Colonial Union. And they've invited the people of Earth to join them. For a shaken and betrayed Earth, the choice isn't obvious or easy.
Redshift : 2 : explore your universe
Titan's fall
Bonshoon : a tale of the final fall of man
Death's bright day : a republic of Cinnabar navy novel
Proceedings of the First European Conference on Space Debris Darmstadt, Germany 5-7 April 1993
Prelude to Deadpool Corps
International law and the uses of outer space
Remnants of Trust
Seikai trilogy. Vol 2 : Banner of the stars : the shape of bonds
Space activities and implications : where from and where to at the threshold of the 80's : proceedings of the symposium held on October 16-17, 1980 = Les activités spatiales et leurs implications : d'où vient-on et où va-t-on à l'aube des années 80 : rapports du symposium tenu les 16 et 17 octobre 1980
Ascension : a Tangled Axon novel
Guardians of the galaxy : best story ever
Humanity's fire. Book 2 : orphaned worlds
Doctor Who : the ninth doctor. Vol. 1, Weapons of past destruction
Doctor Who:   The Eight Doctor . Vol. 1,  a matter of life and death
How high is the sky?
Across the universe
When the Empire falls, a New Republic rises! After the events of Return of the the Jedi, Emperor Palpatine is dead--but can his faithful Hand, Mara Jade, complete her final mission of revenge? Replica droid assassin Guri has also lost her master...but as she struggles for humanity, her android brain makes her a target! When rivals clash over the late Jabba the Hutt's criminal empire, the Bloated one makes a surprising appearance! And a mysterious doppelganger is asking for trouble impersonating everyone's favorite bounty hunter--it's Boba Fett vs. Boba Fett!
Solara Brooks needs a fresh start, someplace where nobody cares about the engine grease beneath her fingernails or the felony tattoos across her knuckles. The outer realm may be lawless, but it's not like the law has ever been on her side. Solara indentures herself in exchange for passage to the outer realm. She just wishes it could have been to anyone besides Doran Spaulding, the rich, pretty-boy quarterback who made her life miserable in school. Then Doran is framed for conspiracy on Earth, and Solara cons him into playing the role of her servant on board the Banshee, a ship manned by an eccentric crew with their own secrets. It's been a long time since Solara has believed in anyone, and Doran is the last person she expected to trust. But when the Banshee's dangerous enemies catch up with them, Solara and Doran must come together to protect the ship that has become their home-and the eccentric crew that feels like family.
The Usborne official astronaut's handbook
Smalĺs birthday treat
Lego Star Wars : the force awakens : PS4
Draft treaty on outer space, the moon and other celestial bodies
Asymmetry of the heliospheric magnetic field
"In book two of the fast-paced Icarus Corps series, the team wages war on the Conglomeration--and this battle may be the final one.  The rapacious Confederation has taken their war to our solar system.  Now that the human and PAC forces won a decisive battle on the moon, they need to try to head off the coming armada before their overpowering strength is amassed and The Icarus Corps is once again on the front line.  Book two in The Icarus Corps, Titan's Fall continues Devin's adventures as he wards off a fierce race of alien conquerors"--
Guardians of Knowhere
Studies in space law : its challenges and prospects
Effects of a 5-day bed rest on muscle size, T2-relaxation and neuromuscular function
The last colony
An essay on space and time
Moonglow : a novel
Big Book Of Stars And Planets
FinCOSPAR 2013 : abstracts 29-30th August, Vantaa, Finland
Consider Phlebas
Monsters of men
The cold between
Childhood's end
Multi-eruption solar energetic particle events observed by SOHO/ERNE
Super Mario Galaxy : Wii
A seventeen-year-old colonist stranded on a deadly pioneer world recounts how she became a pawn in a dangerous interstellar confrontation during which she was forced to use her wits and make terrible sacrifices in order to save the human race.
The rebirths of Tao
Encyclopedia of Virtual Communities and Technologies
The player of games
Disarmament : problems related to outer space
Judas unchained
Readers learn the difference between how the world works at the quantum level, the cosmic level, and the human level; the emergence of causes from underlying laws; and ultimately how human values relate to scientific reality.
Towards more effective settlement of disputes in the space sector
Star wars 3D : the force awakens
Non-state actors in cyberspace operations
Speaker for the dead
Corsair : a science fiction novel
The application of space technology to development
Gateway
Redemption Ark
Mobile suit Gundam Seed. 3 / translated and adapted by David Ury
Multiple Connections in RealXtend Architecture
First big book of space
Seikai trilogy. Vol 1 : Crest of the stars
The sun
Captain Kel Cheris of the hexarchate is disgraced for using unconventional methods in a battle against heretics. Kel Command gives her the opportunity to redeem herself by retaking the Fortress of Scattered Needles, a star fortress that has recently been captured by heretics. Cheris's career isn't the only thing at stake. If the fortress falls, the hexarchate itself might be next. Cheris's best hope is to ally with the undead tactician Shuos Jedao. The good news is that Jedao has never lost a battle, and he may be the only one who can figure out how to successfully besiege the fortress. The bad news is that Jedao went mad in his first life and massacred two armies, one of them his own. As the siege wears on, Cheris must decide how far she can trust Jedao--because she might be his next victim.
The illustrated history of man in space
Philosophical investigations on space, time and the continuum
Animating space : from Mickey to Wall-e
Space knights and ice dragons
Take back the sky
Lego Star Wars : the force awakens : Xbox One
Lego Star Wars : the force awakens : Wii U
Starfire
Honor among thieves
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Space science and technology: benefits to developing countries : the United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, Vienna, 14-27 August 1968.
