http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4409 income from work
income from work
International Humanitarian Aid 2007-2010 : an evaluation synthesis
Optimal factor income taxation in the presence of unemployment
Pathways to success : how knowledge and skills at age 15 shape future lives in Canada
Labour supply and income tax changes : a simulation study for Finland
Integration of Immigrants in Sweden 1945-1975
Trade union goods and incomes policy : a case of endogenous corporatism
Profit sharing in Finland : earnings and productivity effects
What makes performance-related pay schemes work? : Finnish evidence
Europe's disappearing middle class? : evidence from the world of work
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
Post-Unemployment Wages and Ecomic Incentives to Exit from Unemployment
Ultimate rewards : what really motivates people to achieve
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
Studies in redistribution and economic performance
State, economy, and society in Western Europe 1815-1975 : a data handbook in two volumes. Vol.2, The growth of industrial societies and capitalist economies
Representation in scientific practice
Linking employee satisfaction to business results
Globalization, creative destruction, and labor share change : evidence on the determinants and mechanisms from longitudinal plant-level data
Essays on economic integration and labour demand
Training Management Skills for First-line Managers : case: company X
Performance management : putting research into action
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
How to excel in restaurant and hotel management
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Compensation : theory, evidence, and strategic implications
Power score : your formula for leadership success
Hierarchical assignments : stability and fairness
The micro-level dynamics of declining labour share : lessons from the Finnish great leap
Restructuring labour administration : investigating the Finnish experience from a regional-local perspective
Abstract (1 s.).
Labour migration and wages
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Optimal redistributive taxation and provision of public input goods in an economy with outsourcing and unemployment : a note
Wage determination in the long run, real wage resistance and unemployment : multivariate analysis of cointegrating relations in 10 OECD economies
Labour taxation, tax progression and job matching : comparing alternative models of wage setting
Sales training basics
This is a study of a complex but important concept, working poverty (or in-work poverty), involving individuals both as workers and members of households. It is caused by low pay, but also weak labour force attachment and high needs. The most recently available version of the household survey, EU-SILC, is analyzed to explain factors behind working poverty in different European countries. There has been a growth of jobs in Europe in the last fifteen years, but this has not decreased poverty because of a relative expansion of low quality jobs. Now economic crisis threatens to increase poverty further. But there is quite a diversity of situations within the EU which this book explores. It includes discussion of working poverty in relation to gender, to migration, and policies like tax-credits. Case studies of UK, France, Spain, Sweden and Poland are included and these countries are given special attention in most of the chapters.
Summing up : the science of reviewing research
Efficiency wages, trade unions and labor taxation
Key Performance Indicators for Field Service
Taxation of labour 2002 : a comparative study of seventeen OECD countries
Qualitative research in nursing and healthcare
The essays in this book provide an excellent introduction to the means by which scientists convey their ideas. While diverse in their subject matter, the essays are unified in asserting that scientists compose and use particular representations in contextually organized and contextually sensitive ways, and that these representations - particularly visual displays such as graphs, diagrams, photographs, and drawings - depend for their meaning on the complex activities in which they are situated.The topics include sociological orientations to representational practice, representation and the realist-constructivist controversy, the fixation of evidence, time and documents in researcher interaction, selection and mathematization in the visual documentation of objects in the life sciences, the use of illustrations in texts (E.0. Wilson's Sociobiology, a field guide to the birds), representing practice in cognitive science, the iconography of scientific texts, and semiotic analysis of scientific, representation.
Labour market policy in the '90s
Over the past 30 years the relative incomes and employment rates of immigrants have sunk, while immigrants unemployment rates rose. The overrepresentation in the welfare transfer system and an increasing housing segregation cause concern and is much debated. The general opinion is that immigrants are less integrated into the Swedish society today than in former times. The aim of this literature review is to if this is true. The working hypothesis is that immigrants were integrated during the period 1945-1975. A set of nine variables are discussed to examine whether the immigrants 1945-1975 were integrated. Although explorative by its character, the results indicate that immigrants were not as integrated in former times as commonly believed. Contrary to common belief significant improvements in integration has, in some areas, actually been achieved! The integration of immigrants has not changed from good to bad, but rather from bad to worse. .
Successful sales management : how to make your team the best
Essays on earnings and labor supply
The UK voluntary sector almanac 2006
Economic inequality and household production : the effects of specialization of genders
What is a good result made of? : a multiple consistuency evaluation of the successfulness of systems of work generating measures
Labour taxation and employment : a partial survey
Changes in tax progression and labour supply under wage rate uncertainty
Jobs, training and worker well-being
Tax progression and structure of labour taxation in an open economy general equilibrium model with monopoly unions
Pensions and public finances in Finland : a generational accounting perspective
Rent sharing as part of incentive payments and recruitment
Associations between age and cognitive foundation skills in the Nordic countries : a closer look at the data
Social work research. Volume IV, The contexts of social work research
Abstract: Key Performance Indicators for Field Service. The purpose of this study was to design metrics to measure the effectiveness of field service in the ABB Finland's Drives Service division.     The need for this graduate study arises from lack of utilization of field service reports that are stored in ABB's drives database called Drives Installed Base (DIB). The data stored in the Drives Installed Base can be used to devise metrics called Key Performance Indicators to track and improve field service maintenance efficiency. The principal stakeholder for this study is the ABB Finland Drives Service.     In order to come up with a functioning system a continuous process to improve maintenance quality was devised along with the KPIs needed for its implementation.     The scope of this study is limited to the proposal of the KPIs and therefore does not include in any way what platform or software is used in their implementation.     The proposed KPIs provide a targeted approach into analysing maintenance performance in a way that is specific and quantifiable. This provides the basis for future development.
Adapting to change : occupational pension schemes, women and migrant workers : an examination of the extent to which occupational pension schemes in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Germany enable women and migrant workers to accrue adequate pensions
Income, employment, and economic growth
In Finland, the number and the proportion of women receiving minimum maternity or parental allowance increased dramatically in the 1990s. Their share increased to a high point of 30 percent in 1996 and remained at over 25 percent to the end of the decade. The aim of this study was to describe some of the characteristics typical of these women, and to analyse how often and in what circumstances they had to rely on last-resort income support (social assistance and housing allowance). The material comprises data on the total working-aged population, retrieved from the income security registers maintained by the Social Insurance Institution and from the social assistance register maintained by Stakes (National Research and Development Centre for Welfare and Health). Both cross sectional and longitudinal data were analysed by means of cross tabulations and means as well as logistic regression. We could differentiate two groups of mothers receiving minimum bene? t: young mothers and middle-aged mothers with many children. Twenty percent of women on the minimum allowance also received social assistance and 38 percent received housing allowance. Reliance on social assistance was particularly common among mothers who had delivered their ? rst baby and among young mothers who had delivered more than one baby .
Networks and partnerships in third party logistics service production
Labour markets and income inequality : what are the new insights after the Washington consensus
Years of poverty, years of plenty : the changing economic fortunes of American workers and families
Essays on labour taxation and unemployment insurance
Economic reforms, growth and inequality in Latin America : essays in honor of Albert Berry
Tax cuts and employment : evidence from Finnish linked employer-employee data
Working poverty in Europe : a comparative approach
Organizational effectiveness : the role of psychology
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Basic income : freedom from poverty, freedom to work
Taxation, employment and the environment : general equilibrium analysis with unionised labour markets
Lifetime allocation of work and income : essays in the economics of aging
Studies on the determinants of migration and the spatial concentration of labour
While recent studies have highlighted the phenomenon and risks of increased inequalities between the top and the bottom of society, little research has so far been carried out on trends relating to the median income range that generally represents the middle class. This volume examines the following questions: what are the main transformations in the world of work over the last 20 years in terms of the labour market, social dialogue and conditions of work, wages and incomes that may have affected the middle class? How has the middle class been altered by the financial and economic crisis? What are the long-term trends for the middle class in Europe? This volume also investigates the potential risks and effects of the reshuffling, or even weakening, of the middle class. On the social side, it explores the ramifications of further retrenchment of the European Social Model, which to a great extent has traditionally been funded by the middle class. On the economic side, the book investigates whether this process - especially from the perspective of consumption and human capital - is endangering the long-term sustainability of the current economic model. While presenting evidence of a definite erosion of the middle class, this book assesses the specific situation in each individual EU member state on the basis of detailed statistics and case studies of professional categories that traditionally represent the middle class. This book issues a timely warning about the latest trends and prospects for the middle class in Europe. On this basis, it presents policy considerations and options that will be useful to policy-makers for ensuring the future of the middle class in Europe. Scholars and researchers of European studies and social policy, especially from a sustainability perspective, will find this volume to be an invaluable reference.
Unemployment and labour market flexibility : Finland
Labour taxation and the degree of centralisation in a trade union model with endogenous labour supply
A researcher's companion : postgraduate study in the biological sciences
Wages and employment in a unionized economy : practical implications of theoretical considerations in the context of Finland
The revaluation of women's work
How to display data
Unions, labour supply and structure of taxation : equal tax bases
Unions, labour supply and structure of labour taxation : the role of tax base
The study of welfare state regimes
Evaluation : results-based approach in Finnish development cooperation
Abstract (1 s.). Summary (2 s.).
Public interest and market pressures : problems posed by Europe 1992
Assimilation to a welfare state : labor market performance and use of social benefits by immigrants to Finland
Income taxation, hours restrictions and labour supply
Minimum Parental Allowance Payments Received by Finnish Mothers
The trainer's balanced scorecard : a complete resource for linking learning to organizational strategy
Preliminary findings from a survey on the economic and labour market situation of Finnish artists
Industry wage differentials in Finland, 1989
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Taxes, growth and unemployment in the OECD countries : does collective bargaining matter?
