http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4411 English identity
English identity
Cities of affluence and anger : a literary geography of modern Englishness
Imagining Englishness : essays on the representation of national identity in modern British culture
Humour in English Everyday Life
A national joke : popular comedy and English cultural identity
Artwriting, nation, and cosmopolitanism in Britain : the 'Englishness' of English art theory since the eighteenth century
Britons in Anglo-Saxon England
Englishness and empire : 1939-1965
"The Transnational in English Literature examines English literary history through its transnational engagements and argues that every period of English Literature can be examined through its global relations. English identity and nationhood is therefore defined through its negotiation with other regions and cultures. The first book to look at the entirety of English literature through a transnational lens, Pramod Nayar: - Maps the discourses that constitute the global in every age, from the Early Modern to the twentieth century - Offers readings of representative texts in poetry, fiction, essay and drama, covering a variety of genres such as Early Modern tragedy, the adventure novel, the narrative poem, Gothic and utopian fiction - Examines major authors including Shakespeare, Defoe, Behn, Swift, Coleridge, Wordsworth, Austen, Mary Shelley, the Brontes, Doyle, Ballantyne, Orwell, Conrad, Kipling, Forster - Looks at themes such as travel and discovery, exoticism, mercantilism, commodities, the civilisational mission and the multiculturalization of England. Useful for students and academics alike this book offers a comprehensive survey of the English canon questioning and analysing the transnational and global engagements of English literature. Pramod K. Nayar teaches English at the University of Hyderabad, India"--
English imaginaries : six studies in Anglo-British modernity
Nation & novel : the English novel from its origins to the present day
The English : a portrait of a people
Western writers in Japan
The politics of Englishness
Watching the english : the hidden rules of english behaviour
The geographies of Englishness : landscape and the national past, 1880-1940
England : 1,000 things you need to know
Britishness, identity and citizenship : the view from abroad
Reading song lyrics
Put the needle on the record and think of England : Notions of Englishness in the post-war debate on British pop music
This thesis is written as an assignment for Bellcrest Translations Ltd. There was no requirement for any specific subject, so on the basis of interest in British culture, English humour was chosen as the subject. The objective of the thesis is to understand English culture and humour, and how humour appears in its various forms in English everyday life and communication. The thesis is not about comedy. One of the aims is the usefulness of the thesis to those leaving for England, for example, to study or work. The thesis is mainly based on written material. Interviews and email messages have been used as empirical material; they have been studied to learn about English humour and the forms in which it appears. Personal observation is used in addition to these.  The study was started in spring 2007; the interviews were made during the spring and summer 2007, and the email messages are also from that period. Other material has been gradually processed from spring 2007 to spring 2009.  Humour is very important part of English culture and English everyday life and communication. There are various types of humour. It may be difficult for a foreigner to understand English humour, but understanding it is very important part of adapting to English culture.
Oxford guide to British and American culture for learners of English
Landscape, art and identity in 1950s Britain
Watching the English : the hidden rules of English behavior
Mr Rosenblum's list or Friendly guidance for the aspiring Englishman
Socio-ideological fantasy and the Northern Ireland conflict : the other side
The image of the English gentleman in twentieth-century literature : Englishness and nostalgia
Nothing sacred : selected writings
Tennyson and the fabrication of Englishness
Sorry! : the English and their manners
The making of English national identity
Film England : culturally English filmmaking since the 1990s
Notes from a small island
Gill Plain presents this study of masculinity, national identity and the screen persona of the actor John Mills.
If a nation is a group of people with a sense of kinship, a political identity and representative institutions, then the English have a claim to be the oldest nation in the world. This account gives us the history of the English people, and of how the stories they have told about themselves have shaped them, from the prehistoric times onwards.
Here and there
Representing place in British literature and culture, 1660-1830 : from local to global
The late nineteenth century is generally thought of as a period of fervent imperial enthusiasm in Britain. However, beneath the surface there were currents of discontent. This title examines modes of thought in Late Victorian Britain that were described as anti-imperialist in the period 1878-1901.
This is London : life and death in the world city
The English
Sounds English : transnational popular music
"Put the needle on the record and think of England" : notions of Englishness in the post-war debate on British pop music
The English and their history
Between two worlds : how the English became Americans
Aspects of Englishness in Peter Mayle's A year in Provence
Speak the culture : Britain:  be fluent in British life and culture
The English : a field guide
"Expressions of the soul of a nation" : manifestations of Englishness in Ralph Vaughan Williams's song cycles On Wenlock Edge and Songs of travel
Albion : the origins of the English imagination
The Englishness of English art : an expanded and annotated version of the Reith lectures broadcast in October and November 1955
A fast-forward version of England : constructions of Englishness in contemporary fiction
The English national character : the history of an idea from Edmund Burke to Tony Blair
The mammoth book of great British humour
In search of the English eccentric
Images of englishness and the other in popular culture : the case of blackadder the third
The revision of Englishness
English heritage, English cinema : costume drama since 1980
Landscape and Englishness
Ford Madox Ford and Englishness
Englishness and national culture
Englishness, pop and post-war Britain
John Mills and British cinema : masculinity, identity and nation
Why pamper life's complexities? : essays on The Smiths
The cultural construction of London's East End : urban iconography, modernity and spatialisation of Englishness
English writing and India, 1600-1920 : colonizing aesthetics
Sorry!: the English and their manners
Life in Shakespeare's England : a book of Elizabethan prose
British cultural identities
Literature of an independent England : revisions of England, Englishness and English literature
Watching the English : the hidden rules of English behaviour
Humour in English everyday life
This text relates the experiences of a range of Western writers who went to Japan as teachers and lecturers, covering a period of over 100 years. It discusses East/West cultural differences, Western "individualism" encountering Japanese "formal" society, and also draws on the author's interviews with many of the writers featured. It includes some hitherto unpublished correspondence, as well as comments on their published works.
The English question
Writing Englishness 1900-1950 : an introductory sourcebook on national identity
Culture Wise England : the Essential Guide to Culture, Customs and Business Etiquette
Englishness : twentieth-century popular culture and the forming of English identity
Translation and nation : towards a cultural politics of Englishness
Literature, nationalism, and memory in early modern England and Wales
The very English travelmate
Andrew Higson demonstrates how a variety of Englishnesses have appeared on screen since 1990s, and surveys the genres and production modes that have captured those representations. He examines several contemporary 'English' dramas that embody the transnationalism of contemporary cinema, from 'Notting Hill' to 'The Constant Gardener'.
Identity of England
Watching the English
Britpop and the English music tradition
British as a second language
The orient, the colonies and the continent as the order of the construction of english identity in Charlotte Brontë's Jane Eyre
These Englands : a conversation on national identity
Finnish summary.
Myths of the English
Landscape, race and memory : material ecologies of citzenship
"Nation and Nurture in Seventeenth-Century English Literature connects changing seventeenth-century English views of maternal nurture to the rise of the modern nation, especially between 1603 and 1675. Maternal nurture gains new prominence in the early modern cultural imagination at the precise moment when England undergoes a major paradigm shift -- from the traditional, dynastic body politic, organized by organic bonds, to the post-dynastic, modern nation, comprised of symbolic and affective relations. The book also demonstrates that shifting early modern perspectives on Judeo-Christian relations deeply inform the period's interlocking reassessments of maternal nurture and the nation, especially in the case of Milton. The book's five chapters analyze a wide range of reformed and traditional texts, including A pitiless Mother, William Gouge's Of Domesticall Duties, Shakespeare's Macbeth, Charles I's Eikon Basilike, and Milton's Paradise Lost, and Samson Agonistes. Equal attention is paid to such early modern visual images as The power of women (a late sixteenth-century Dutch engraving), William Marshall's engraved frontispiece to Richard Braithwaite's The English Gentleman and Gentlewoman (1641), and Peter Paul Rubens's painting of Pero and Cimon or Roman Charity (1630). The book argues that competing early modern figurations of the nurturing mother mediate in politically implicated ways between customary biblical models of English kingship and innovative Hebraic/Puritan paradigms of Englishness."--Publisher's website.
"The term 'conversation' is one of today's jargon terms. This book explores in depth what conversation means in national terms. Its premise is that to be English is to participate in a conversation about the country's history, politics, culture, and society. The conversation changes, of course, but there is also continuity which illustrates a distinct tradition. It is a conversation, the book argues, which requires the plural notion of these Englands rather than the singularity of this England. Englishness, then, is the tone, register, and idiom of it subject matters, its anxieties and certainties, differences, and commonalities. The book explores the English conversation through historical, political, literary, and popular voices and tries to identify the character of contemporary Englishness."--
Orwell to the present : literature in England, 1945-2000
Visions of England : class and culture in contemporary cinema
Posing in-between : postcolonial Englishness and the commodification of hybridity
In and out : eccentricity in Britain
The novel and the menagerie : totality, Englishness, and empire
Civilising subjects : metropole and colony in the English imagination, 1830-1867
Empire and after : Englishness in postcolonial perspective
The transnational in English literature : Shakespeare to the modern
Jolly wicked, actually : the 100 words that make us English
The island race : Englishness, empire, and gender in the eighteenth century
Very British problems : making life awkward for ourselves, one rainy day at a time
Brewer's anthology of England and the English
Being English : narratives, idioms, and performances of national identity from Coleridge to Trollope
The idea of English ethnicity
An imaginary England : nation, landscape and literature, 1840-1920
Nation and nurture in seventeenth-century English literature
Empire and imperial ambition : liberty, Englishness and anti-imperialism in late-Victorian Britain
