http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4412 income security for the unemployed
income security for the unemployed
Principles of public economics : a public choice approach
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014= FPAs statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Paying the jobless : a comparison of unemployment benefit policies in Great Britain and Germany
Do you want to work in another EU Member State? : find out about your rights! : Update 2007
Your social security rights when moving within the European Union : a practical guide
Unemploument insurance with limited duration and variable replacement ratio : effects on optimal search
Unemployment accounts : a Finnish application
Reduction in the long-term unemployment of the elderly : a success story from Finland revised
The public employment service : Austria, Germany, Sweden
To search or not to search? : the effects of UI benefit extension for the elderly unemployed
Summary and conclusions (s. 7-12).
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland. 2008
Microeconometric studies on unemployment and business cycles
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland. 2004
Benefits and wages : OECD indicators
Social security in Europe : development or dismantlement?
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2008 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland
he ungoing economic reform in Russia has in many respects proceeded without taking into consideration the social questions, which, however, are an essential part of the transformation from socialist planning to a market economy.In order to not to exceed the limit, which the most suffering part of the population can bear, it is vital to migitate the negative social consequences of the reform within the budget constraint.In our view it is possible to find a compromise between social and economic problems through priorising the most acute social problems and the most vulnerable groups of people as well as optimising forms and methods of economic reform in order to minimize its social consequences. The study is organised as follows: the chapter one stresses the actuality of questions related to social sector.The chapter two concentrates on statistical problems in analyzing the situation in the Russian social sector.The main social problems - poverty, unemployment, the situation in medicine, culture, science and education as well as the military, political and criminal insecurity - are analyzed in chapter three.The development of the situation in mentioned social spheres has been analyzed mainly in the period of 1992 - 1996 with the emphasis on the years 1995-1996. The chapter four consists of two parts.The first one gives a picture of the regional differences of social problems, which in Russia are large.The other part of the chapter is devoted to classification of Russians into groups according to their incomes and naming the most acute social problems for these groups.As a conclusion a table of the objective and subjective reasons for the critical situation in Russian social sector is presented. Keywords: social sector, poverty, unemployment, medicine, culture, science, education, criminality, Russia .
Subsidizing vs. experience rating of unemployment insurance in unionized labor markets
Abstract (1 s.).
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2007 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1994 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok 1994 = Statistical yearbook of the social insurance institution, Finland 1994.
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland. 2007
The effect of receiving supplementary UI benefits on unemployment duration
Unemployment benefit system and unemployment duration in Finland
Studies on unemployment duration and on the gender wage gap
The changing balance between incentives and economic security in the Nordic unemployment benefit schemes
Labour market studies. Spain
Social consequences of economic reform in Russia
Unemployment shocks and income distribution : how did the Nordic countries fare during their crises?
How to pay for the future : building a stakeholders' welfare
Kela through a macroscope : application of multilevel service design framework in unemployment security services
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
The law of social security
EMU buffering of the unemployment insurance system
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta. 2003 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland. 2003 = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland. 2003
Increasing incentives for reemployment
On the efficiency of job and income protection in the dynamic labour markets
The battle against exclusion. 2, Social assistance in Belgium, the Czech Republic, the Netherlands and Norway
The finance of unemployment insurance, bargaining structure and wage determination in a unionized economy
The public employment service : Belgium
Job insecurity from a stress perspective : antecedents, consequences, and moderators
Pensions are no solution to the unemployment problem : analysis of the suggested introduction of lower retirement ages as a measure against unemployment
Pension system, unemployment insurance and employment at older ages in Finland
Re-employment of Finnish unemployed workers
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
A search theoretical analysis of the finnish unemployment insurance system
Your social security rights when moving within the European Union : update 2002
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland. 2005
Labour market studies. Italy
Welfare for the unemployed in Britain and Germany : who benefits?
The threat effect of mandatory programme participation in Finland : a study of activation reform of the labour market support system
Developments in Swedish social policy : resisting dionysus
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2008 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland 2008 = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland 2008.
Work and welfare benefits
Unemployment, social protection and families with children in the Russian Federation and in Finland
Making work pay : taxation, benefits, employment and unemployment
Act respecting the protection of the livelihood of unemployed persons : dated 24 August 1984.
Job security provisions, wage setting and unemployment persistence
National social insurance - not the whole picture : supplementary compensation in case of loss of income
Act respecting unemployment funds : dated 24 August 1984.
Unemployment insurance savings accounts : an overview
Optimal earnings-related unemployment benefits
Essays on labour taxation and unemployment insurance
Labour market studies. Ireland
Search in the labour markets : empirical evidence of the role of technology and sanctions
Towards a better functioning labour market : senior government advisors' report for the reform of the labour market policy system
A new social question? : on minimum income protection in the postindustrial era
Radical unemployment policies and the case of citizens income
Labour market and social policies in the Baltic countries
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland. 2006
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1993 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok 1993 = Statistical yearbook of the social insurance institution 1993. 1993.
Let's make a deal : the impact of social security provisions and firm liabilities on early retirement
The public employment service in a changing labour market
The battle against exclusion. Vol. 3, Social assistance in Canada and Switzerland
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta. 2008 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland. 2008 = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland. 2008
Termination of employment on the initiative of the employer and income security of the worker concerned
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2009 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland 2009 = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland 2009.
The effect of unemployment benefits on re-employment rates : evidence from the Finnish UI-benefit reform
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2009 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland
Social protection in the member states of the European Union : situation on .... and evolution
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2006 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland
Unemployment and economic hardship : a combined macro- and micro-level analysis of the relationship between unemployment and means-tested social assistance in Sweden
Summary (s. xv-xxi).
Benefit systems and work incentives
Unemployment insurance with limited duration and variable replacement ratio : effects on optimal search
Special issue on 50 years of European social security coordination
Abstract. - Abstract in Finnish. - Abstract in Swedish
The economics of unemployment insurance
Towards common principles of flexicurity : more and better jobs through flexibility and security
Social security in Finland
Balancing social citizenship and new paternalism : Finnish activation policy and street-level practice in a comparative perspective
Regulating the risk of unemployment : national adaptations to post-industrial labour markets in Europe
Constructing unemployment : the politics of joblessness in East and West
Wage bargaining and employment under different unemployment insurance contribution policies
Abstract (1 s.). Summary (2 s.).
Should unemployment benefits decrease as the unemployment spell lengthens?
Unemployment benefits and social assistance in seven European countries : a comparative study
Determinants of job search intensity - some evidence from the Nordic countries
Partial unemployment insurance benefits and the transition rate to regular work
The labour market in the Netherlands
Is unemployment compensation responsible for high unemployment rates? : a study of the Canadian economy
Essays on the financing of unemployment benefits
