http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p441 percussion instruments
percussion instruments
Beat it! : group pecussion for beginners. Caribbean street music
The drum : a history
The street songs
Djembefola : Rythmes traditionnels africains
Mexican Folk Dances
World of percussion : A catalog of 300 standard, ethnic, and special musical instruments and effects
I hate and I love = (Odi et amo) : a cycle for mixed chorus and percussion : based on poems of Gaius Valerius Catullus
Drum techniques of Phil Collins
World of percussion
Drum gahu : An introduction to African rhythm
Rhytms of the Nile : a workshop by Egypt's master percussionist
Mathematical rhythmic structure of Chinese percussion music : an analytical study of Shifan Luogu collections
Fun With Bongos
The art of percussion playing
How to write for percussion : a comprehensive guide to percussion composition
The Atlantic years 1973-1978
The complete book of drum fills. Volume 1
A Coat of many colors
The Ludwig book
The drummer's path : moving the spirit with ritual and traditional drumming
Grand unification
The drummer's rudimental reference book
Ultimate realistic rock drum method
Fabulous sounds of rock drums : ... a method for the beginner
The essence of Brazilian percussion & drum set
Modern reading text in 4/4 : for all instruments
Uneven Souls (Sta Vidis II) : for solo marimba, percussion trio and male voices
Cults Percussion Ensemble
Learn to play drums : a beginner's guide to playing drums
I hate and I love = (Odi et amo) : a cycle for mixed chorus and percussion
Drums of Africa
Kolorowy świat percusji = The colourful world of percussion
The Bodhran
P'ungmul : South Korean drumming and dance
Creating professonal drum loops
The art of drumming : an in depth approach = L'art de la batterie
The beginner's guide to electronic drums : an introduction to electronic drums and percussion
The Rogers book
The studio percussionist. Vol . 1.
Salsa : your passport to a new world of music
Percussion anthology : a compendium of percussion articles from the instrumentalists
Just enough : learn to play drums
Drums of passion : The beat
Rolling thunder
Arrivederci Le Chouartse
European and American Wind and percussion instruments : Catalogue of the Stearns Collection of Musica Instruments, University of Mochigan
Modern rudimental swing solos for the advanced drummer
ABC perkusisty = ABC of the percussionist
Winds & skins : the Swedish Radio recordings 1978
The 1903 Mr̥daṅg aur tablā vādanpaddhati is a revelatory text that has never been translated or analysed. It is a manual for playing the two most important drums of North Indian (Hindustani) music, the pakhāvaj (mr̥daṅg) and the tablā. Owing to its relative obscurity, it is a source that has never been discussed in the literature on Hindustani music. Its author, Gurudev Patwardhan, was Vice Principal of V.D. Paluskar's first music school in Lahore from its inception in 1901 to 1908. Professor James Kippen provides the first translation of this immensely important text and examines its startling implications for rhythmic and metric theory. It is the earliest work on Indian drumming to contain a notation sufficiently precise to allow definitive reconstruction. The compositions are of considerable musical interest, for they can be readily realized on the tablā or pakhāvaj.
More Moondog ; The story of Moondog
Drumset workouts : Polyrhythms & independent coordination applied to contemporary grooves
Whispers from the archive
Beat it! : group percussion for beginners. African dances
Pieces for percussion
The first concert : an adaptive appraisal of a meta music
All that percussion!
Drums for dummies
Gurudev's drumming legacy : music, theory and nationalism in the Mr̥daṅg aur tablā vādanpaddhati of Gurudev Patwardhan
Kippen sets the work and objectives of the original author in the context of a rich historical, social and political background. By also discussing radical differences in the second edition of 1938, published by Gurudev's nephew, the vocalist Vinayakrao Patwardhan, Kippen illuminates the process by which 'tablā theory' was being created in the early 20th century. Both Patwardhans were enthusiastic supporters of Paluskar's nationalist imperatives, and active participants in his drive to institutionalize music, codify and publish notations of it, and promote a modern, Hindu vision of India wherein its identity could once again be linked to a glorious golden age in distant antiquity.
Despite their central role in many forms of music-making, drummers have been largely neglected in the scholarly literature on music and education. But kit drummers are increasingly difficult to ignore. While exponents of the drum kit are frequently mocked in popular culture, they are also widely acknowledged to be central to the musical success and aesthetic appeal of any musical ensemble in which they are found. Drummers are also making their presence felt in music education, with increasing opportunities to learn their craft in formal contexts. Drawing on data collected from in-depth interviews and questionnaires, Gareth Dylan Smith explores the identities, practices and learning of teenage and adult kit drummers in and around London. As a London-based drummer and teacher of drummers, Smith uses his own identity as participant-researcher to inform and interpret other drummers' accounts of their experiences. Drummers learn in multi-modal ways, usually with a keen awareness of exemplars of their art and craft. The world of kit drumming is highly masculine, which presents opportunities and challenges to drummers of both sexes. Smith proposes a new model of the 'Snowball Self', which incorporates the constructs of identity realization, learning realization, meta-identities and contextual identities. Kit drummers' identities, practices and learning are found to be intertwined, as drummers exist in a web of interdependence. Drummers drum; therefore they are, they do, and they learn - in a rich tapestry of means and contexts.
The Oxford Percussion Course. Stage 1 (Primary) : Pitch In!
The best of Modern Drummer. Volume II
World beat rhytms beyond the drum circle : Brazil : For Drummers, Percussionists, and All Musicians
Rattles, bells and chiming bars
Rhythms of the Nile : a workshop by Egypt's master-percussionist
My life in a hole in the ground
The Slingerland book
Techniques in percussion : intermediate level : for snare drum, tympani & mallet percussion : including an accompaniment book
Three Epitaphs
Holiday for skins
Come away : for soprano & vibrafone
Circle of drums
The long time band
In The Drum: A History, drummer, instructor, and blogger Matt Dean details the earliest evidence of the drum from all regions of the planet, looking at cave paintings, statues, temple reliefs, and burial remains before finding existing relics of actual drums, which have survived thousands of years. Highlighting the different uses and customs associated with drumming, Dean examines how the drum developed across many cultures and over thousands of years before they became the instruments we know today. A celebration of this remarkable instrument, The Drum: A History explores how war, politics, trade routes, and religion have influenced the drum. Bringing its history to the present, Dean considers the modern cultural and commercial face of the drum, detailing its role in military settings and the development of the "modern drum kit." This study charts the evolution of the recording studio environment, as well as specific analysis of the development of drum heads, sticks, and the often overlooked role of women on the drum kit. In addition, there is a look at the continuing evolution of the drum and its role through surveys of main manufacturers and the increased dependence on electronic drums, sampling machines, and drum recorders. As the first book to detail the entire development of the drum, The Drum: A History will appeal to every drummer, regardless of genre or style, as well as any reader with a general interest in the evolution of this universal instrument [Publisher description]
The spirit of percussion
Latin-American percussion : rhythms and rhythm instruments from Cuba and Brazil
Rhythms and instruments of Brazil
Polyrhythms : The musicians guide
Percussion profiles : interviews- articles and discographies of 25 of the worlds most creative percussionists
All the birds : reflecting + adventurous
The Beginners guide to hand held percussion
1970 supplement to international jazzbibliography [i.e. jazz bibliography] & international drum & percussion bibliography
Instruments of the orchestra : a complete introduction to the sounds and music of the symphony orchestra
Encyclopedia of percussion
The Oxford percussion course : stage 1 (primary) : pitch in!. 1
African drumming : the history and continuity of African drumming traditions
Drum solos and fill-ins for the progressive drummer
Percussion music from China
World of percussion : a catalog of 300 standard, ethnic, and special musical instruments and effects
Aria : Nicholas Isherwood performs John Cage
Drum Programming : a Complete Guide to Program and Think Like a Drummer
Tabla for all : a complete learning method for Indian tabla percussion set = Tabla para todos : metodo complete de aprendizaje para set de tablas de la India
Beat it! : Group percussion for beginners : African dances
Drums through the ages : the story of our oldest and most fascinating musical instruments
Contemporary brush techniques
The musical instrument desk reference : a guide to how band and orchestral instruments work
Percussion workshop
Anyone can play djembe
Progressive bongo instruction
Teaching percussion
Science of percussion instruments
Rhythm & beauty : the art of percussion
Absolute beginners. Percussion
Percussive notes : the journal of the Percussive Arts Society
The Bodhran : an easy learn to method for the complete beginner showing the different regional styles and techniques
World of percussion : a catalog of 300 standard, ethnic, and special music instruments and effects
The modern percussion revolution : journeys of the progressive artist
Nine short films
Percussion instruments and their history
Dance to the beat of my drum
The Cambridge companion to percussion
Classics for two : playable by any two band instruments or mixed ensemble. Percussion
Steel drums and steelbands : a history
Talking drums of Africa
All the birds : Reflecting + adventurous
The New breed : (kansialanimeke : systems for the development of your own creativity)
Drums of Passion and more
The Best of Snowboy & the Latin Section
A la maière de... : no I : pour caisse-claire et piano = In the style of..
The timpani supplement : more pictures and documents
Learn to burn : drum set
Three constructions
Percussion studies : 14 solo studies. Book 1, Conductor
Modern Percussion Grooves : with play-along CD
The man from the east
Cajon basics
THE PERCUSSIONIST'S DICTIONARY
Mickey Hart's Mystery Box
Latin-american method
The studio percussionist. Vol. 1
I drum, therefore I am : being and becoming a drummer
Modern school for snare drum : combined with a guide book for the artist percussionist
Djembe drums for everyone : a music education resource for whole-class teaching. Book 1
Strange cargo
Orchestral percussion technique
Techniques in percussion : for Snare Drum, Tympani & Mallet Percussion
The rhythm in African music
Let's have a musical rhythm band
SamulNori : contemporary Korean drumming and the rebirth of itinerant performance culture
Idiophones of the ancient Near East in the collections of the British Museum
The timpani supplement II : still more pictures and documents
The Second Coming
Audition etudes for snare drum, timpani, keyboard percussion and multiple percussion : perfomance evaluation for band/orchestra placement, grading, sight reading, regional/state auditions, teacher training classes, supplemantary lesson material
Cajon : a box full of rhythm
Methods & mechanics companion book : For useful musical drumming
Techniques of playing bass drum, cymbals and accessories (tambourine, castanets, triangle, tam-tam)
The timpani : a history in pictures and documents
Symphonic repertoire guide for timpani and percussion
Percussionists : a biographical dictionary
Percussion
Schlaginstrumente = Percussion instruments : ein Schulwerk = a method of instruction. Teil 3, Tom-toms, Bongos, Becken... = Tom-toms, bongos, cymbals..
Recital suite for djembe
Inside the Plastic Lotus
Concerto for piano and wind instruments
Bibliography, history, pedagogy and philosophy in music and percussion
Scoring for percussion : and the instruments of the percussion section
The music of Santería : traditional rhythms of the batá drums
The Dalecarlia recordings 1971-72
Drum basics : Steps one & two combined
World of percussion : a catalog of 300 standard, ethnic, and special musical instruments
42nd Street Rondo : for percussion duo
