http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4429 iconoclasm
iconoclasm
Image, text, and religious reform in fifteenth-century England
The incarnate text : imagining the book in Reformation England
The reformation of the image
Byzantine defenders of images : eight saints' lives in English translation
Iconoclasm in Revolutionary Paris : the transformation of signs
On the modern cult of the factish gods
Iconoclasm : contested objects, contested terms
Figure and likeness : on the limits of representation in Byzantine iconoclasm
Iconology : image, text, ideology
Greek East and Latin West : the church, AD 681-1071
This fully illustrated catalogue explores the history of attacks on art in Britain, from the reformation of the 16th century to the present day, demonstrating how religious, political, moral and aesthetic controversy can become arenas for assaults on art.
Hagiography in Byzantium : literature, social history and cult
The Buddhas of Bamiyan
Byzantium in the Iconoclast Era c. 680-850 : a history
The patriarch Nicephorus of Constantinople
Voracious idols and violent hands : iconoclasm in Reformation Zurich, Strasbourg, and Basel
Iconoclasm and iconoclash : struggle for religious identity : second conference of church historians Utrecht
The wake of iconoclasm : painting the church in the Dutch republic
From Ancient Egypt to the Arab Spring, iconoclasm has occurred throughout history and across cultures. Both a vehicle for protest and a means of imagining change, it was rife during the tumultuous years of the French Revolution, and in this richly illustrated book Richard Clay examines how politically diverse groups used such attacks to play out their own complex power struggles. Drawing on extensive archival evidence to uncover a variety of iconoclastic acts -- from the beheading or defacing of sculptures, to the smashing of busts, slashing of paintings and toppling of statues --Clay explores the turbulent political undercurrents in revolutionary Paris. Objects whose physical integrity had been respected for years were now targets for attack: while many revolutionary leaders believed that the aesthetic or historical value of symbols should save them from destruction, Clay argues that few Parisians shared such views. He suggests that beneath this treatment of representational objects lay a sophisticated understanding of the power of public spaces and symbols to convey meaning. Unofficial iconoclasm became a means of exerting influence over government policy, leading to official programmes of systematic iconoclasm that transformed Paris. Iconoclasm in revolutionary Paris is not only a major contribution to the historiography of so-called 'vandalism' during the Revolution, but it also has significant implications for debates about heritage preservation in our own time.
In the year 726 C.E., the Byzantine emperor Leo III issued an edict declaring images to be idols, forbidden by Exodus, and ordering all such images in churches to be destroyed. Thus was set off the first wave of Byzantine iconoclasm, which ran its violent course until 787, when the underlying issues were temporarily resolved at the Second Council of Nicaea. In 815, a second great wave of iconoclasm was set off, only to end in 842 when the icons were restored to the churches of the East and the iconoclasts excommunicated. The iconoclast controversies have long been understood as marking major fissures between the Western and Eastern churches. In Images, Iconoclasm, and the Carolingians, Thomas F. X. Noble reveals that the lines of division were not so clear. It is traditionally maintained that the Carolingians in the 790s did not understand the basic issues involved in the Byzantine dispute. Noble contends that there was, in fact, a significant Carolingian controversy about visual art and, if its ties to Byzantine iconoclasm were tenuous, they were also complex and deeply rooted in central concerns of the Carolingian court. Furthermore, he asserts that the Carolingians made distinctive and original contributions to the whole debate over religious art. Images, Iconoclasm, and the Carolingians is the first book to provide a comprehensive study of the Western response to Byzantine iconoclasm. By comparing art-texts with laws, letters, poems, and other sources, Noble reveals the power and magnitude of the key discourses of the Carolingian world during its most dynamic and creative decades.
Striking images, iconoclasms past and present
Involving a vast number of texts, saintly heroes and authors, Byzantine hagiography stands out as a field of scholarly research highly rewarding for both the philologist and the historian. This title features studies that cover a chronological range from late antiquity to the Paleologan era.
The religious paintings of Hendrick ter Brugghen : reinventing Christian painting after the Reformation in Utrecht
The Netherlandish image after iconoclasm, 1566-1672 : material religion in the Dutch golden age
The destruction of art : iconoclasm and vandalism since the French Revolution
Iconoclasm and text destruction in the ancient Near East and beyond
Northern Byzantine icons
Images, iconoclasm, and the Carolingians
Symbol and icon : Dionysius the Areopagite and the iconoclastic crisis
The idol in the age of art : objects, devotions and the early modern world
The art of Byzantium and the medieval West : selected studies
Epiphanius of Salamis, doctor of iconoclasm? : deconstruction of a myth
Iconoclash : beyond the image wars in science, religion, and art : [Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe, 4.5. - 4.8.2002] / editors: Bruno Latour and Peter Weibel
The unveiling of the national icons : a plea for patriotic iconoclasm in a nationalist era / Albert Boime
Imago Dei : the Byzantine apologia for icons / Jaroslav Pelikan
Christianity, art and transformation : theological aesthetics in the struggle for justice
The formation of Christendom
Art, modernity and faith : towards a theology of art
God's human face : the Christ-icon
Iconoclasm from antiquity to modernity
Art under attack : histories of British iconoclasm
Image, icon, economy : the Byzantine origins of the contemporary imaginary
Explores the relationship between art and religion after the iconoclasm of the Dutch Reformation. Reassesses Dutch realism and its pictorial strategies in relation to the religious and political diversity of the Dutch cities.
Icon and logos : sources in eight-century iconoclasm
Negating the image : case studies in iconoclasm
The forbidden image : an intellectual history of iconoclasm
Iconoclash : beyond the image wars in science, religion and art
Semiotics of religion : signs of the sacred in history
The eighth in the Oriental Institute Seminar Series, this volume contains papers that emerged from the seminar Iconoclasm and Text Destruction in the Ancient Near East and Beyond, held at the Oriental Institute April 8-9, 2011. The purpose of the conference was to analyze the cases of and reasons for mutilation of texts and images in Near Eastern antiquity. Destruction of images and texts has a universal character; it is inherent in various societies and periods of human history. Together with the mutilation of human beings, it was a widespread and highly significant phenomenon in the ancient Near East. However, the goals meant to be realized by this process differed from those aimed at in other cultures. For example, iconoclasm of the French and Russian revolutions, as well as the Post-Soviet iconoclasm, did not have any religious purposes. Moreover, modern comprehension of iconoclasm is strongly influenced by its conception during the Reformation. This volume explores iconoclasm and text destruction in ancient Near Eastern antiquity through examination of the anthropological, cultural, historical, and political aspects of these practices. Broad interdisciplinary comparison with similar phenomena in the other cultures and periods contribute to better understanding them. -- from http://www.alibris.com/search/books/isbn/9781885923905.
Images, idolatry, and iconoclasm in late medieval England : textuality and the visual image
Depicting the word : Byzantine iconophile thought of the eighth and ninth centuries
The politics of iconoclasm : religion, violence and the culture of image-breaking in Christianity and Islam
Byzantium in the iconoclast era (ca.680-850) : the sources : an annotated survey
Buddhism and iconoclasm in East Asia : a history
History of the Byzantine Empire 324-1453. 1
The destruction of art : iconoclasm and vandalism since the French revolution / Dario Gamboni
Aisha's cushion : religious art, perception, and practice in Islam
