http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4420 mixed languages
mixed languages
Simultaneous sign and speech : a multimodal perspective on the communication of hearing-impaired children
Pidgin and creole languages : a basic introduction
Pidgins, creoles and mixed languages : an introduction
An introduction to pidgins and creoles
The mixed language debate : theoretical and empirical advances
Pidgins and creoles
The survey of pidgin and creole languages. Vol. 3, Contact languages based on languages from Africa, Asia, Australia, and the Americas
Dialects in contact
Contact languages : a comprehensive guide
Growing up bilingual : Puerto Rican children in New York
The studies in "Language Change in Contact Languages" showcase the contributions that the study of contact language varieties make to the understanding of phenomena such as relexification, transfer, reanalysis, grammaticalization, prosodic variation and the development of prosodic systems. Four of the studies deal with morphosyntactic issues while the other three address questions of prosody. The studies include data from the Atlantic creoles (Saramaccan, Sranan, Haitian Creole, Jamaican Creole, Trinidadian Creole, Papiamentu), as well as Singapore English. This volume, originally published as special issue of "Studies in Language 33:2" (2009), aims to make the work of several language contact experts available to a wider audience. The studies will be of use to any student or scholar interested in different approaches to contact-induced language processes, particularly as they relate to morphosyntax and prosody.
Deconstructing Creole is a collection of studies aimed at critically assessing the idea of creole languages as a homogeneous structural type with shared and peculiar patterns of genesis. Following up on the critical discussion of notions of 'creole exceptionalism' as historical and ideological constructs, this volume tests the basic assumptions that underlie current attempts to present 'creole structure' as a special type, from typological as well as sociohistorical perspectives. The sum of the findings presented here suggests that careful empirical investigation of input varieties and contact.
Out of Africa : African influences in Atlantic Creoles
Atlas of languages of intercultural communication in the Pacific, Asia, and the Americas. Vol. 1, Maps
A macaronic medieval poem in the Faversham Borough Custumal
Language description, history and development : linguistic indulgence in memory of Terry Crowley
The atlas of Pidgin and Creole language structures
Pidgins and creoles : current trends and prospects
Exceptional language and linguistics
Contact languages : a wider perspective
Reading and writing Krio : proceedings of a workshop held at the Institute of Public Administration and Management, University of Sierra Leone, Freetown, 29-31 January, 1990
Five fingers for survival
Pacific pidgins and creoles : origins, growth and development
Pidgin and Creole linguistics
Pidginization and simplification of language
The survey of pidgin and creole languages. Vol. 2, Portugese-based, Spanish-based, and French-based languages
Pidgins and creoles : an introduction
Examines the processes by which languages change, from the macroecological perspective of competition and natural selection. This work looks at such themes as: natural selection in language; the actuation question and the invisible hand that drives evolution; multilingualism and language contact; and, language birth and language death.
Hawai'i creole English : typological analysis of the tense-mood-aspect system
Communicating in a fossilized interlanguage
Contact languages : Pidgins and Creoles
Finglish
The survey of pidgin and creole languages. Vol. 1, English-based and Dutch-based languages
Substrata versus universals in Creole genesis : papers from the Amsterdam Creole Workshop, April 1985
Pidgins and creoles. Vol. 1, Theory and structure
Social and linguistic history of Nigerian Pidgin English : as spoken by the Yoruba with special reference to the English derived lexicon
An introduction to contact linguistics
Code-switching and borrowing in the English of Finnish Americans in an interview setting
On the nature of Suržyk : a double perspective
Deconstructing Creole
Language contact, creolization, and genetic linguistics
Redesigning English : new texts, new identities
Pidgin and Creole languages
West Indians and their language
The history of English : an introduction
Language evolution : contact, competition and change
Pidginization and creolization of languages : proceedings of a conference held at the University of the West Indies, Mona, Jamaica, April 1968
Pidgins and creoles. Vol. 2, Reference survey
Multilingualism in medieval Britain (c. 1066-1520) : sources and analysis
Scandoromani : remnants of a mixed language
Culture in ELT : it is necessay in lingua franca world?
Ideophones and sound symbolism in Atlantic Creoles
One speaker, two languages : cross-disciplinary perspectives on code-switching
Belarusian Trasjanka and Ukrainian Suržyk : structural and social aspects of their description and categorization
Creolization and contact
Language change in contact languages : grammatical and prosodic considerations
The early stages of creolization
