http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p443 political movements
political movements
Challenging the political order : new social and political movements in western democracies
Early writings on terrorism
North-east India : politics and insurgency
Music and social movements : mobilizing traditions in the twentieth century
Euro-Mediterranean relations after the Arab Spring : persistence in times of change
We shall overcome : songs of the Southern freedom movement
"Viva" : women and popular protest in Latin America
Political groups in Chile : the dialogue between order and change
Politics : the basics
Popular intellectuals and social movements : framing protest in Asia, Africa, and Latin America
The American radical
Political Islam in the global world
The continuum companion to anarchism
The age of reform from Bryan to F.D.R
The revolution in world politics
Vladimir Akimov on the dilemmas of Russian marxism 1895-1903 : the second congress of the Russian social democratic labour party : a short history of the social democratic movement in Russia
The greening of Marxism
Hezbollah : the global footprint of Lebanon's party of god
The Saemaul movement : a sourcebook
Abstract: Women's voices and peripheral politics : feminist interpretations of the transition of stage in the Ireland of the 1990's.
The beast reawakens
Milk and biopolitics : the emergence and re-conceptualization of food sovereignty in the raw milk movement as a means of resisting biopower
Performing political opposition in Russia : the case of the youth movement Oborona
Turkey and the Arab spring : leadership in the Middle East
Viva explores the growing role of women in Latin America focussing in particular on the construction of gender through political activism and the centrality of gender, class and ethnicity to the ideological construct of 'the nation'.
Ideas that matter : a personal guide for the 21st century
The Taliban : ascent to power
"A dream of liberty" : Constance Markievicz's vision of Ireland, 1908-1927
With its empirical focus on the South, this book takes its point of departure in the movement for liberalisation and democratisation that characterised the 1980s and 1990s.
Rebels with a cause : = Jos mulla ois valta
Russian politics in transition : political parties and organizations in Russia and the Murmansk region
The communist horizon
Face to face with political islam
Water touching stone
Freedom from fear and other writings
International business : the new realities
Sinn Féin : a hundred turbulent years
The I.R.A
The Canadian sojourn of a Finnish-American radical
The sociology of politics. Vol. 3, Political ideologies and movements
Armed communist movements in Southeast Asia
International social movement research : a research annual. Volume 1, From structure to action : comparing social movement research across cultures
The unification of Italy
An anarchist FAQ : afaq volyme one / [editorial collective:] Iain McKay, [Gary Elkins, Dave Neal, Ed Boraas]
The Rise of communism
The making of terrorism
The political context of collective action : power, argumentation and democracy
Grassroots movements, political activism and social development in Latin America : a comparison of Chile and Brazil
A new generation draws the line : Kosovo, East Timor and the standards of the West
Behind the lines : the story of the IRA and Loyalist ceasefires
A celebration of the most influential and thought-provoking speeches that have shaped the world we live in. With comprehensive, chronological coverage of speeches from the 20th and 21st centuries, taken from all corners of the globe, entries all feature photo headshots of the speakers plus an introduction explaining the background behind every speech and biographical details of each of the speakers as well as analysis of each speech throughout including buzzwords, memorable phrases and marginal notes.
Caodaism : Vietnamese traditionalism and its leap into modernity
Communism, fascism, and democracy : the theoretical foundations
Europe's green alternative
Islamic movements of Europe : public religion and islamophobia in the modern world
Subversion in institutional change and stability : a neglected mechanism
Urban guerrillas : the new face of political violence
Imagining Europe, imagining the nation : Estonian discussion on European unification, 1923-1957
Beyond left and right : the future of radical politics
Biographical dictionary of the extreme right since 1890
Waves of protest : social movements since the sixties
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
What is finnish about The Finns Party? : Political culture and populism
Argentina : a modern history
The PLO : the struggle within : towards an independent Palestinian state
Nomads of the present : social movements and individual needs in contemporary society
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
Political forces in Latin America : dimensions of the quest for stability
Strangers in their own land : anger and mourning on the American right
Democracy and green political thought : sustainability, rights and citizenship
Secret and reformist societies in Ireland in the 1790s : relations between the Freemasons, the United Irishmen, and the Orange Order
Revolution in the air : sixties radicals turn to Lenin, Mao and Che
Transforming globalization : challenges and opportunities in the post 9/11 era
Two typical "degenerate guerrilla groups": the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam and the Kurdistan Workers' Party
The violence within : cultural and political opposition in divided nations
The politics of mass society
The revolutionary origins of modern Japan
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
Political environment and business development in the arctic : strategic opportunities and threats for Finnish companies
Conflict and compromise : history of British political thought 1593-1900
Two tactics of social-democracy in the democratic revolution
The Russian Marxists & the origins of Bolshevism
Comprehensive, authoritative, interdisciplinary, and up-to-date, this encyclopedia contains over 400 entries , exploring social and political movements and related collective phenomena throughout the world.
The Rise of fascism
Peace movements in Western Europe and the United States
Political Islam : context versus ideology
Modern islamic thinking and activism : dynamics in the west and in the Middle East
Summary: Excerpta historica Nordica 9 (1977) s. 91-94.
In this book, Jill Hedges analyses the modern history of Argentina from the adoption of the 1853 constitution until the present day, exploring political, economic and social aspects of Argentina's recent past in a study which will be invaluable for anyone interested in South American history and politics.
The anatomy of antiliberalism
The provisional IRA
Occupy : the spatial dynamics of discourse in global protest movements
The Wiley-Blackwell Encyclopedia of Social and Political Movements
Rockin' the boat : mass music and mass movements
Globalization and postmodern politics : from Zapatistas to high-tech robber barons
A radical worker in tsarist Russia : the autobiography of Semën Ivanovich Kanatchikov
Zapatistas : rebellion from the grassroots to the global
Human rights and civil society in Hungary (1988-2008) : twenty years for rights and freedom
Sixteen years in the land of death
Reinventing the Left
From tsar to Soviets : the Russian people and their revolution, 1917-21
Abstract : Is there anti-party sentiment in Finland?.
Large-scale protest movements have recently transformed urban common spaces into sites of resistance. The Arab Spring, the European Summer, the American Fall in 2011, the revolts in India and South Africa and, more recently, in Istanbul, in several cities in Brazil, and in Hong Kong, are part of a common wave of protests which reclaims squares and urban places, monumentally designed as political and economic centres, as places for discussion and decision-making, for increasing participation and intervention in the governance of the community. Through banners and signs, open assemblies, and other communicative practices in the encampments and interconnecting physical and virtual spaces, participants permanently reconfigure their lived spaces discursively. The attempt to account for on-going social phenomena from the moment they first happen, and with an international perspective, undoubtedly represents a theoretical and methodological challenge. This book is a successful and innovative attempt to address this challenge, capturing the complex interplay between social, spatial, and communicative practices, drawing on complementary and alternative methods. Originally published in Journal of Language and Politics issue 13:4 (2014)
The Irish question 1840-1921 : a commentary on Anglo-Irish relations on social and political forces in Ireland in the age of reform and revolution
The wretched of the earth
50 speeches that made the modern world
The lowland
Rethinking popular representation
Building the commune : radical democracy in Venezuela
Lenin's behests and the making of Soviet Latvia
Fascism, totalitarianism and political religion
This book theorizes subversive action, a neglected mechanism in the new institutionalism literature. Subversive action is political in nature, secretly undermining some institutions to open up alternative ideas or to secure existing institutions by secretly undermining adversaries. An example is a politician who promises change in public, but does something else behind the scenes to preserve the status quo. The book addresses the nature and meaning of subversive action and the contexts that give rise to it, as well as how it can work as an important mechanism behind institutional change and continuity. The book will interest students and scholars of public policy, public administration and political science.
The Naxalites and their ideology
Fighting for Ireland? : the military strategy of the Irish republican movement
This book presents a series of scholarly papers in relation to Islamic thinking, activism, and politics in both the West and the Middle East. The reader will apprehend that Islam is not the monolithic religion so often depicted in the media or (earlier) in the academic world. The Islamic world is more than a uniform civilization with a set of petrified religious prescriptions and an outdated view on political and social organization. The contributions show the dynamics of Islam at work in different geographical and social contexts. By treating the working of Islamic thinking and of Islamic activism on a practical level, this book includes innovative research and fills a significant gap in existing work.
This volume offers a comprehensive discussion of the contemporary debates within political Islam, providing an in-depth analysis of the specific movements, countries and regions in the Arab world and Israel. The contributors content that the evolution of Islamic movements is contextual rather than ideological. Therefore, Islamic movements are best understood individually within their own historical, socio-political and cultural setting. Political Islam is an essential reference for academics, researchers and the media, as well as general readers with an interest in Islamic political debates. -- Back cover.
Freedom rhythm & sound : revolutionary jazz and the civil rights movement 1963-1982 : volume one
Green political thought
"Left-wing" communism, an infantile disorder
International social movement research : a research annual. Volume 2, Organizing for change: social movement organizations in Europe and the United States
Occupy! : scenes from occupied America
Social movements and violence : participation in underground organizations
