http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4430 reductionism
reductionism
Diderot's holism : philosophical anti-reductionism and its medical background
The investigation of the mind has been one of the major concerns of our philosophical tradition and it still is a dominant subject in modern philosophy as well as in science. Many philosophers in the scientific tradition want to solve the 'puzzles of the mind'. But many philosophers in the very same tradition do regard these puzzles as puzzles of the brain. So, whilst the former think of the mental as something of its own kind, the latter deny that philosophy of mind has to do with anything else but the brain. And then there are those who think that reduction is the way to go: maybe the mental is brain-dependent and hence reducible to the physical, in some way. This volume collects contributions comprising all those points of view, including articles by William Bechtel, Jerry Fodor, Jaegwon Kim, Joelle Proust and Patrick Suppes.
Reinventing the sacred : a new view of science, reason and religion
The rediscovery of common sense philosophy
Reduction explanation and realism
Reviving the living : meaning making in living systems
The methods of contemporary thought
A physicalist manifesto : thoroughly modern materialism
Subjectivity & reduction : an introduction to the mind-body problem
Tim Crane addresses the ancient question of how it is possible to think about what does not exist. He argues that the representation of the non-existent is a pervasive feature of our thought about the world, and that to understand thought's representational power we need to understand the representation of the non-existent.
Philosophy of the social sciences : philosophical theory and scientific practice
Reduction : between the mind and the brain
In the shadow of Descartes : essays in the philosophy of mind
Does emergence exist in superconductivity?
Questioning nineteenth-century assumptions about knowledge. 2, Reductionism
Normative bedrock : response-dependence, rationality, and reasons
The disorder of things : metaphysical foundations of the disunity of science
The return of reductive physicalism
This volume presents the results of cutting-edge philosophers' research alongside critical discussions by practising social scientists. The book is motivated by the view that the philosophy of the social sciences cannot ignore the specific scientific practices according to which social scientific work is being conducted.
Values-based health and social care : beyond evidence-based practice
Psychoneural reduction : the new wave
Philosophy of social science : a contemporary introduction
Representations : philosophical essays on the foundations of cognitive science
Reductionism in art and brain science : bridging the two cultures
Reduction, abstraction, analysis
Mind the gap : miksi fysikalismi ei selitä tietoisuutta
Lessons from the living cell : the limits of reductionism
Psychology in perspective
Theories and ideologies in anthropology
Conservative reductionism
Agents under fire : materialism and the rationality of science
The matter of the mind : philosophical essays on psychology, neuroscience, and reduction
The cultural space of the arts and the infelicities of reductionism
The retreat of the social : the rise and rise of reductionism
The objects of thought
The normative web : an argument for moral realism
Wittgenstein, empiricism, and language
Cause and chance : causation in an indeterministic world
Studies in the philosophy of biology : reduction and related problems
Non-reductive physicalism, irreducibility of the mental and the problem of mental causation : a study of Donald Davidson's and Georg Henrik von Wright's positions in the philosophy of mind
Reductionism and the development of knowledge
Individualism and the unity of science : essays on reduction, explanation, and the special sciences
Realization, reduction and teh special sciences
Being reduced : new essays on reduction, explanation, and causation
Religion and reductionism : essays on Eliade, Segal, and the challenge of the social sciences for the study of religion
Beyond reduction : philosophy of mind and post-reductionist philosophy of science
The concept of reduction
Emergence in mind
Philosophy of biology : a contemporary introduction
Human genes and neoliberal governance : a Foucauldian critique
Philosophers often have tried to either reduce 'disagreeable' objects or concepts to (more) acceptable objects or concepts. Reduction is regarded attractive by those who subscribe to an ideal of ontological parsimony. But the topic is not just restricted to traditional metaphysics or ontology. In the philosophy of mathematics, abstraction principles, such as Hume's principle, have been suggested to support a reconstruction of mathematics by logical means only. In the philosophy of language and the philosophy of science, the logical analysis of language has long been regarded to be the dominating paradigm, and liberalised projects of logical reconstruction remain to be driving forces of modern philosophy. This volume collects contributions comprising all those topics, including articles by Alexander Bird, Jaakko Hintikka, James Ladyman, Rohit Parikh, Gerhard Schurz, Peter Simons, Crispin Wright and Edward N Zalta.
Beyond reductionism : a passion for interdisciplinarity
Mind and cosmos : why the materialist neo-Darwinian conception of nature is almost certainly false
