http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4435 student admissions
student admissions
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
Negotiating access to higher education : the discource of selectivity and equity
This thesis is based on the project conducted by the author who created a practical job hunting manual for hospitality students in Helsinki. The idea for this project was formed over half a year ago, during the spring of 2008 when the author was looking for a summer job. She found it challenging to acquire all the necessary information in English and more specifically for her place of residence, Helsinki. This grievance was echoed by some of her fellow students, which is when the author decided to create her own manual.    The purpose of this thesis is to provide a concise and targeted manual of job hunting methods in English for hospitality students in Helsinki. The objectives of this thesis are to a) examine the Finnish labor market as well as the prediction of future labor opportunities and trends in the hospitality industry, b) inspect general recruitment methods, c) discuss general selection processes, focusing especially on interviews which are still the most common selection tools used today and d) link the findings to the practical advice in the manual, to show how they were applied and to make sure that the advice is reliable and valid.    The research was based on recent articles, HRM textbooks, course material and an interview. The product was developed with its target market in mind which included conducting a SWOT analysis, part of which was addressing the threat of similar products on the market. These competitors are discussed, giving significance to the product. A brief sketch of how the product could be promoted closes off the chapter dealing with the project plan.     In conclusion of the key results, the labor market in Finland looks promising for the service industry; the creation of new jobs is anticipated also in the hotel, restaurant and tourism sectors. Recruitment was found to be made up of a series of steps usually beginning with a job description followed by internal recruiting and in many cases also external recruiting. When there is great need, an organization may decide to hold a special event or invest in college recruiting. The amount and type of selection processes used by an organization will depend largely on its size, its need and the level of difficulty involved in finding the right people. The interview is the most common selection tool. Some organizations will also use employment tests as part of their screening process. Much of the advice was formulated from these findings and is based on an understanding of recruitment and selection processes from the perspective of the employer.
Atlantic film comedy collection 2
The official SAT study guide
Designing undergraduate education
Choosing students : higher education admissions tools for the 21st century
Requirements for entry to higher education in the European Community
Vocabulary for the student office personnel of polytechnics : a resource/self-study material package
A journey, a struggle, a ritual : higher education and the entrance examinations in a Greek province town
Why information systems and software engineering students enter and leave their study programme : a factor model and process theory
Practical job hunting manual for hospitality students in Helsinki
Effects of higher education and the role of admission selection
Increasing faculty diversity : the occupational choices of high-achieving minority students
Interest in university studies : its role and relation to other motivational variables
The attraction of the teacher's work : a comparative view on the decision to become a teacher
FINNIPS : joint efforts for internationalisation
Personality and career orientation of business students
Applicant's guide 2010 : Bachelor's degree programmes : environmental engineering, international business, media, nursing, tourism
Guidance services in higher education : strategies, design and implementation
GMAT review : the official guide
The flow of new students to different university fields : career motivation, educational choice and discriminating effects of university admission : a study of Finnish female students
Youth : similarities, differences, inequalities
Best or second best choice? : polytechnic education in the lives of engineering students
Success of applicants in the entrance examinations of the Finnish physical education teacher education program
How to get a first : insights and advice from a first-class graduate
All my sisters
Suitability in nursing : a concept analysis
Educational choices of the future : a sociological inquiry into micro-politics in education
Students from the college of education and their images and metaphors in the beginning of teacher education
The official guide for GMAT® review
Personality and aspired occupations of business students
How to write a winning personal statement for graduate and professional school
Nursing students and older people nursing : towards a future career
Admission requirements for international students at colleges and universities in the United States
Summary (s.9-12).
FINNIPS brings in half of the Oulu BIT students
English summary: Early identification of a future teacher: on assessment of apitude for teaching.
This comprehensive study guide helps students prepare for the new SAT by providing eight full-length practice tests, a complete walk-through of the new writing section, hundreds of practice questions, and more.
Applicants in a real-life selection context : their personality types, reactions to the process, and faking
An education
Persistent elitism in access to higher education in Ghana
Foreign degree students of UAS Seinäjoki Business School: : Motives for choosing Finland and UAS Seinäjoki
Subject choices of students
Teacher education evaluation
Career choice in management and entrepreneurship : a research companion
Information counseling service design for Finnish high school students' educational aspiration : a case study of SYK (Helsingin suomalainen yhteiskoulu) and UH (the University of Helsinki)
The admission of international students into higher education : policies and instruments
University enrollment and geographical mobility : the case of Sweden
Kuin harakka tervassa = Som skatan i tjära = Out of the skillet into the fire
Tasokurssien valintaprosessin tarkastelua oppilaiden siirtyessä peruskoulun yläasteelle = A review of the process of pupils' course selecton on transferring to the upper level of the comprehensive school
Encouraging student interest in science and technology studies
International student handbook : 2013
How to survive your doctorate : what others don't tell you
Social competence in nursing student selections
Abstract: The well-being of optimistic, well-performing high school students from high school to university.
Polytechnic education in Finland : backround report
Business students' choices of foreign languages
International student handbook : 2016 : [for students seeking to study in the U.S.]
Polytechnic education in Finland : background report
Entrance examinations as gatekeepers
Current visions and analyses on Finnish higher education system
Crossroads between mind, society and culture : in honour of Yrjö-Paavo Häyrynen in his sixtieth birthday 14 November 1993
Careerism and intellectualism among college students
Peruskoulun seurantatutkimus = A follow-up study of comprehensive school pupils. 2, Peruskoulutuksen jälkeen eri paikkoihin sijoittuneiden nuorten ominaisuuksien kuvailua = Description of the personality traits of youn people with different placement after the comprehensive school
Abstract.
The Bologna Process in higher education in Europe : key indicators on the social dimension and mobility
University student's approaches to learning, self-regulation, and cognitive and attributional strategies : connections with well-being and academic success
Graduate admissions essays : write your way into the graduate school of your choice
'How to Get a First' combines personal experience, scientific research and motivational anecdotes from other students to create a comprehensive guide to the basic elements of academic success.
Synthése (s. 13-17).
The early admissions game : joining the elite
International student handbook : 2015 : [for students seeking to study in the U.S.]
Hakijan opas 2009 : PIRAMK = Applicant's guide 2009
What they didnʼt teach you in graduate school : 199 helpful hints for success in your academic career
What motivates students to travel abroad?
Gender and subject in higher education
University students' approaches to learning, self-regulation, and cognitive and attributional strategies : connections with well-being and academic-success
How to recruit and retain higher education students : a handbook of good practice
International student handbook : 2014
The Chicago guide to your career in science : a toolkit for students and postdocs
