http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4432 joint selection procedure
joint selection procedure
The evolution of everything : how small changes transform our world
By accident or by design? : social enterprise leaders' stories of their career choice
Mode choice and performance of strategic alliances
They'll never walk alone? : the multiple settings of children's active transportation and independent mobility
Life after life
Social meanings of news : a text-reader
The bounds of reason : game theory and the unification of the behavioral sciences
The handbook of rational choice social research
Limits of meritocracy : how fields of study and gender segregation affect social stratification in Finland
Food, people, and society : a European perspective of consumers' food choices
Qualitative researching
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Regulating jurisdictional relations between national and international courts
Economic man : the last man standing
Partner selection for international joint venture operations
Social economics : market behavior in a social environment
The sociology of religion
Structuring international contracts
Why love hurts : a sociological explanation
The international  conference High heels to Hi-Tech, Oulu, Finland 2001 : increase gender equality in ICT-education and professions
Only now is Alfred Russel Wallace beginning to get his long overdue recognition. In his own time he was acknowledged as joint author, with Darwin, of the theory of evolution by natural selection. Since then, the bright light shone on Darwin's achievements has cast Wallace into shadow. Alfred Russel Wallace: Explorer, Evolutionist, Public Intellectual shows how Wallace's independent discovery of natural selection was no mere flash of inspiration, but the outcome of many years of study and reflection on his extraordinary early life as a field naturalist in South America and the rain forests of the 'Malay Archipelago'. Surviving fever and insect bites on the Amazon, he was shipwrecked with the loss of most of his notes and collections on his return journey. Astonishingly, within two years he was preparing for his second major expedition, this time to South East Asia, and for a stay of eight challenging years. It was here that he made his great scientific breakthrough, and provoked Darwin into prompt publication of his origin. Wallace used his experience in the tropics as the basis for his next major achievement – a classic work that established biogeography as a scientific specialism of great importance for today's urgent challenge to protect the world's biodiversity. As if this were not enough, Wallace became a bold and controversial public figure, campaigning on such issues as compulsory vaccination, parliamentary reform, and the rights of workers and colonised peoples. he was for many years president of the Land Nationalisation Society, and an ardent critic of the injustices of 19th century capitalism. Later in his life he engaged with radical thinkers such as William Morris, Edward Bellamy, Henry George, Robert Blatchford and Ebeneza Howard in envisaging just and sustainable alternative social and economic futures. Alfred Russel Wallace: Explorer, Evolutionist, Public Intellectual gives a succinct account ofWallace's life, before going on to analyse in more detail the development of his ideas on natural selection, his disputes with Darwin on sexual selection and human evolution, and the development of his political ideas. In each topic, Benton brings the story up to date, and assesses Wallace's ideas in the light of today's thinking.
EMU and the euro : how enterprises could approach the changeover
Reason and rationality
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Digital scholarship
Eyes wide open : how to make smart decisions in a confusing world
From school to work
Creating new strategies for cooperative collection development : papers from the Aberdeen Woods conference
Rational action : studies in philosophy and social science
Majority judgment : measuring, ranking, and electing
Youth in everyday life contexts
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
The theory of cultural and social selection
Data collection and analysis
Leisure and the rise of the public library
All my sisters
Executive summary (s. 7-12).
Life After Life
Alfred Russel Wallace : explorer, evolutionist, public intellectual - a thinker for our own times?
Doing social science research
A comprehensive overview of how the rational choice paradigm can inform empirical research within the social sciences, using issues ranging from financial markets and terrorism to immigration, race relations, emotions, and other issues applied to experimental research, survey studies, ethnographies, and historical investigations.
Operation mode choice and efficiency in the context of perceived uncertainty : case of Finnish firms in Asia
Evolutionary systems biology
Information counseling service design for Finnish high school students' educational aspiration : a case study of SYK (Helsingin suomalainen yhteiskoulu) and UH (the University of Helsinki)
Inclusive education ideal at the negotiating table : accounts of educational possibilities for disabled children within inter-disciplinary team meetings
Guidance policies in the knowledge society : trends, challenges and responses across Europe : a Cedefop synthesis report
"Governing requires choices, and hence trade-offs between conflicting goals or criteria. This book asserts that legitimate governance requires explanations for such trade-offs and then demonstrates that such explanations can always be found, though not for every possible choice. In so doing, John W. Patty and Elizabeth Maggie Penn use the tools of social choice theory to provide a new and discriminating theory of legitimacy. In contrast with both earlier critics and defenders of social choice theory, Patty and Penn argue that the classic impossibility theorems of Arrow, Gibbard, and Satterthwaite are inescapably relevant to, and indeed justify, democratic institutions. Specifically, these institutions exist to do more than simply make policy - through their procedures and proceedings, these institutions make sense of the trade-offs required when controversial policy decisions must be made"--
Evaluating with validity
FINNIPS : joint efforts for internationalisation
How to do your case study
Your republic is calling you
The cement of society : a study of social order
Rationality and society
Shaping structural change in Finland : the role of women
Rationality and freedom
Doing qualitative research : a practical handbook
Challenging institutional analysis and development : the Bloomington school
Devolution and choice in education : the school, the state and the market
The Selection
The Perfect Project Manager
"In The Theory of Cultural and Social Selection, W. G. Runciman presents an original and wide-ranging account of the fundamental process by which human cultures and societies come to be of the different kinds that they are. Drawing on and extending recent advances in neo-Darwinian evolutionary theory, Runciman argues that collective human behaviour should be analyzed as the acting-out of information transmitted at the three separate but interacting levels of heritable variation and competitive selection - the biological, the cultural, and the social. The implications which this carries for a reformulation of the traditional agenda of comparative and historical sociology are explored with the help of selected examples, and located within the context of current debates about sociological theory and practice. The Theory of Cultural and Social Selection is a succinct and highly imaginative contribution to one of the great intellectual debates of our times, from one of the world's leading social theorists"--Provided by publisher.
Markets, choice and equity in education
Persistent elitism in access to higher education in Ghana
Is rational choice theory all of social science?
Challenging choices : ideology, consumerism and policy
New insights on the role of ecology and life-history in social evolution
Learning work : a critical pedagogy of work education
Strategies of commitment and other essays
Reason in action : essays in the philosophy of social science
Social choice and legitimacy : the possibilities of impossibility
The social scientist in American industry
Internet data collection
This text details the practical applications of Bourdieu's theories in a series of specific pedagogic research studies, showing how his ideas can be put into practice. Language, gender, career decision-making and the experience of higher education students are all covered. Questions are also raised concerning research methodology. The authors examine Bourdieu's interest in the position of the researcher within the research process. Bourdieu's influence is traced in aspects both of theory and practice. Finally, principles, approaches, methods and techniques that may be derived from Bourdieu are suggested, and assessed, for practical use in research.
The social sciences and rationality : promise, limits, and problems
Criminology and social theory
Critical issues in social research : power and prejudice
Bourdieu and education : acts of practical theory
Co-branding through successful partner selection : case Royal Philips Electronics
The consumption of mass
