http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4448 Yiddish language
Yiddish language
Yiddish : a survey and a grammar
Studies in Semitic and general linguistics in honor of Gideon Goldenberg
Yiddish language and folklore : a selective bibliography for research
What must be forgotten : the survival of Yiddish in Zionist Palestine
Born to kvetch : Yiddish language and culture in all its moods
Two-tiered relexification in Yiddish : Jews, Sorbs, Khazars, and the Kiev-Polessian dialect
The joys of Yiddish : a relaxed lexicon of Yiddish, Hebrew and Yinglish words...from the days of the Bible to those of the beatnik
Mordechai Gebirtig : his poetic and musical legacy
Yiddish in Italia : Yiddish manuscripts and printed books from the 15th to the 17th century = [Yidish in Iṭalye]
Just say nu : Yiddish for every occasion (when English just won't do)
Yiddish : turning to life
Words on fire : the unfinished story of Yiddish
The language and culture atlas of Ashkenazic Jewry. Volume 3, The eastern Yiddish - western Yiddish continuum
201 Yiddish verbs : fully conjugated in all tenses, alphabetically arranged
The field of Yiddish : studies in language, folklore, and literature. 3. Collection
A traveler disguised : the rise of modern Yiddish fiction in the nineteenth century
Yiddish language & culture then & now
Voices from the Yiddish : essays, memoirs, diaries
Jewish songs : Religious and folk melodies
Yiddish in Canada : the death of a language
The oldest known literary documents of Yiddish literature (c. 1382). Part 1, Introduction, facsimiles and transcription
Inventory of Yiddish publications from the Netherlands, c. 1650-c. 1950
The joys of Yinglish
Soviet Yiddish : language planning and linguistic development
Jewish theatre : a global view
Early Yiddish texts, 1100-1750
Yidish : an araynfir, loshn, literatur un kultur. Vol. 1
English-Yiddish, Yiddish-English dictionary : romanized
Yiddish literature : its scope and major writers
Yiddish fiction and the crisis of modernity, 1905-1914
Women writers of Yiddish literature : critical essays
More words, more arrows : a further collection of Yiddish folk sayings
In the demon's bedroom : Yiddish literature and the early modern
Yiddish : a linguistic introduction
Politics of Yiddish : studies in language, literature, and society
Yiddish: continuity and change
Yiddish folksongs from the Ruth Rubin Archive
Blitz and other stories
Blessings, curses, hopes and fears : psycho-ostensive expressions in Yiddish
Harkavy's English-Jewish pocket dictionary containing 25 000 words
Yidish-english-hebreisher werterbuch = Yiddish-English-Hebrew dictionary
Contagious couplings : transmission of expressives in Yiddish echo phrases
Intensive Yiddish
The joys of Yiddish : a relaxed lexicon of Yiddish, Hebrew and Yinglish words often encountered in English ... from the days of the Bible to those of the beatnik
Learning Yiddish in easy stages
Yidish - English - Hebreisher verterbuch = Yiddish - English - Hebrew dictionary
Imagining lives : autobiographical fiction of Yiddish writers
Yiddish proverbs
Never say die! : a thousand years of Yiddish in Jewish life and letters
Modern Yiddish culture : the story of the Yiddish language movement
"Today, novels, short stories, poems and essays by Yiddish women may be found in English translation online and in print, and little in the way of literary history and criticism. This collection of critical essays is the first dedicated to the works of Yiddish women writers, introducing them to a new audience of English-speaking scholars and readers"--
Yiddish in the contemporary world
Mame loshn : the making of Yiddish
The politics of interpretation : alterity and ideology in Old Yiddish studies
Modern English-Yiddish, Yiddish-English dictionary
Incomplete L1 acquisition in the immigrant situation : Yiddish in the United States
The Jewish fake book
Defining the Yiddish nation : the Jewish folklorists of Poland
Language in Jewish society : towards a new understanding
Stardust lost : the triumph, tragedy, and mishugas of the Yiddish theater in America
Die jiddischen Drucke der Bayerischen Staatsbibliothek : alphabetischer Katalog mit einem Verfasserregister in hebräischer Schrift = Yiddish printed books in the Bayerische Staatsbibliothek : alphabetical catalogue with an index of names in Hebrew script
Economy in Yiddish vocalism : a study in the interplay of Hebrew and non-Hebrew components
Noch amul! : tango oyf Yiddish. Vol. 2
Colloquial Yiddish : the complete course for beginners
The field of Yiddish : studies in language, folklore, and literature : fourth collection
Guide to Yiddish classics on microfiche : prepared at the YIVO Institute for Jewish Research. Volume 1
History of the Yiddish language
The cultural study of Yiddish in early modern Europe
The origins of modern literary Yiddish
A study in inflectional morphologic development : Old and Middle Yiddish
Yiddish civilisation : the rise and fall of a forgotten nation
Modernism and cultural transfer : Gabriel Preil and the tradition of Jewish literary bilingualism
The joys of Yiddish
Drek! : the real Yiddish your bubbeh never taught you
Beautiful as the moon, radiant as the stars : Jewish women in Yiddish stories : an anthology
Writers in Yiddish
The oldest known literary documents of Yiddish literature (c. 1382). Part 2, Transliteration, modern German version, notes and bibliography
Drunk from the bitter truth : the poems of Anna Margolin
Der šhpigl un andere dertseylungen = The Mirror and other stories
Yiddish : a nation of words
This work provides an introduction to some of the important researchers, issues, and methodological and stylistic approaches in Yiddish and Jewish studies.
The Yiddish presence in European literature : inspiration and interaction : selected papers arising from the Fourth and Fifth Mendel Friedman Conferences in Yiddish
Yidish-English-Hebreisher ṿerṭerbukh
The Yiddish language in northern Poland : its geography and history
Mille anni sicut dies hesterna... : studia in honorem Kalle Kasemaa
The language and culture atlas of Ashkenazic Jewry. Volume 2, Research tools
American Yiddish poetry : a bilingual anthology
The complete idiot's guide to learning Yiddish
The meaning of Yiddish
Colloquial Yiddish  : the complete course for beginners
Isaac B. Singer : a life
Grammar of the Yiddish language
The language and culture atlas of Ashkenazic Jewry. Volume 1, Historical and theoretical foundations
Yes, we sang! : songs of the ghettos and concentration camps
A dictionary of Yiddish slang & idioms
Comprehensive Yiddish-English dictionary
