http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4440 horror
horror terror
Arkham horror : Dunwich horror expansion
The beautiful ashes
The walking dead board game : The best defense
Where angels fear to hover : between the gothic disease and the meataphysics of horror
Destined for an early grave
The mammoth book of skulls
Abjection and representation : an exploration of abjection in the visual arts, film and literature
The Gothic
From Anne Rice, conjurer of the beloved best sellers Interview with the Vampire and Prince Lestat, an ambitious and exhilarating new novel of utopian vision and power   "In my dreams, I saw a city fall into the sea. I heard the cries of thousands. I saw flames that outshone the lamps of heaven. And all the world was shaken."--Anne Rice, Prince Lestat and the Realms of Atlantis    At the novel's center: the vampire Lestat de Lioncourt, hero, leader, inspirer, irresistible force, irrepressible spirit, battling (and ultimately reconciling with) a strange otherworldly form that has somehow taken possession of Lestat's undead body and soul. This ancient and mysterious power and unearthly spirit of vampire lore has all the force, history, and insidious reach of the unknowable Universe.  It is through this spirit, previously considered benign for thousands of vampire years and throughout the Vampire Chronicles, that we come to be told the hypnotic tale of a great sea power of ancient times; a mysterious heaven on earth situated on a boundless continent--and of how and why, and in what manner and with what far-reaching purpose, this force came to build and rule the great legendary empire of centuries ago that thrived in the Atlantic Ocean.  And as we learn of the mighty, far-reaching powers and perfections of this lost kingdom of Atalantaya, the lost realms of Atlantis, we come to understand its secrets, and how and why the vampire Lestat, indeed all the vampires, must reckon so many millennia later with the terrifying force of this ageless, all-powerful Atalantaya spirit.
The power of the dark side : creating great villains, dangerous situations & dramatic conflict
My soul to keep
The strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Territory
The room in the tower and other ghost stories
Escape Dead Island : Xbox 360
Call waiting
Horror on the Orient express contains a massive and legendary campaign, of up to nineteen adventures, for the Call of Cthulhu roleplaying game. Beginning in 1920s London, the investigators journey to Paris and thence to the ancient city of Constantinople. With luck, they also return home.
Ghost and horror stories
Library of souls : Miss Peregrine
Pim & Francie : The golden bear days (artifacts and bone fragments)
"The novel opens with the Vampire world in crisis...vampires have been proliferating out of control; burnings have commenced all over the world, huge massacres similar to those carried out by Akasha in The Queen of the Damned... Old vampires, roused from slumber in the earth are doing the bidding of a Voice commanding that they indiscriminately burn vampire-mavericks in cities from Paris and Mumbai to Hong Kong, Kyoto and San Francisco. As the novel moves from present day New York and the West Coast to Ancient Egypt, fourth century Carthage, 14th century Rome, the Venice of the Renaissance, the worlds and beings of all the Vampire Chronicles--from Louis de Pointe du Lac, the eternally young Armand whose face is that of a Boticelli angel; Mekare and Maharet, Pandora and Flavius; David Talbot, vampire and ultimate fixer from the Secret Talamasca, and Marius, the true child of the Millennia; along with all the other new seductive, supernatural creatures--come together in this large, luxuriant, fiercely ambitious novel to ultimately rise up and seek out who--or what--The Voice is, and to discover the secret of what it desires and why... And, at the book's center, the seemingly absent, curiously missing hero-wanderer, the dazzling, dangerous rebel-outlaw--the great "hope" of the Undead, the dazzling Prince Lestat.." --
Horror
Every other day
Arkham horror : Miskatonic horror expansion
Monster mountains
The awakening
Through the ages. 1, Folklore as a common expression of lingual, figurative, emotional and mental memory
The living blood
Behemoth : seppuku
The cutting room : dark reflections of the silver screen
John dies at the end
Horror zone : the cultural experience of contemporary horror cinema
Mansions of madness
The fury
Fright forest
The complete ghost stories of M.R. James. Volume 2
The best new horror / ed. bystephen jones
The haunting
Nightmare movies : horror on screen since the 1960s
Arkham horror
HR Giger : retrospective 1964-1984
The unsettled dust
Fear the walking dead : The complete second season
Trigger warning : short fictions and disturbances
The middle toe of the right foot
Extreme costume makeup : 25 creepy & cool step-by-step demos
At grave's end : a night huntress novel
Undead in the West : vampires, zombies, mummies, and ghosts on the cinematic frontier
Behemoth : B-Max
Eldritch horror
Handed a message by a mysterious man, a young pawn shop owner embarks on a psychologically dangerous mystery that entangles her in the life of the local PTA treasurer, who helplessly watches her son's growing obsession with his absent father.
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde ; The Suicide Club
John Constantine, Hellblazer. The devil's trench coat
Resident evil : origins collection : PlayStation 4
Transnational horror across visual media : fragmented bodies
Haunted
"Originally released as an online serial where it received more than 70,000 downloads, John Dies at the End has been described as a "Horrortacular", an epic of "spectacular" horror that combines the laugh out loud humor of the best R-rated comedy, with the darkest terror of H.P. Lovecraft. The book went on to sell an additional 60,000 copies in all formats. As the sequel opens, we find our heroes, David and John, again embroiled in a series of horrifying yet mind-bogglingly ridiculous events caused primarily by their own gross incompetence. The guys find that books and movies about zombies may have triggered a zombie apocalypse, despite a complete lack of zombies in the world. As they race against the clock to protect humanity from its own paranoia, they must ask themselves, who are the real monsters? Actually, that would be the shape-shifting horrors secretly taking over the world behind the scenes that, in the end, make John and Dave kind of wish it had been zombies after all. Hilarious, terrifying, engaging and wrenching, This Book Is Full of Spiders, the next thrilling installment, takes us for a wild ride with two slackers from the midwest who really have better things to do with their time than prevent the apocalypse. "--
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
The hidden
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Zombicide season 2 : Prison outbreak
This book is full of spiders : seriously, dude, don't touch it
The graveyard book
Jim : who ran away from his nurse and was eaten by a lion
When vampires begin to disappear and rumors of a new war surface, Cat Crawfield and her vampire husband Bones are forced to align themselves with the ghoul queen of New Orleans.
Writing the thriller film : the terror within
Resident evil : revelations 2 : PlayStation 4
Four color fear : forgotten horror comics of the 1950s
Ghost summer : stories
Creepy comics 2008 - 2010
Call of Cthulhu : horror roleplaying in the worlds of H. P. Lovecraft
Dark stars rising : conversations from the outer realms
Resident evil : revelations 2 : Xbox 360
The moons at your door
The ocean at the end of the lane : a novel
The call of Cthulhu and other dark tales
The evil within : PS4
Flood and Fang
Mezolith. book 2, Stone age dreams and nightmares
Playing horror : narrative and genre in Valve's Left 4 Dead Series
Hollow City : the second novel of Miss Peregrine's peculiar children
Zombies : a record of the year of infection
Arkham Horror: The Card Game is a cooperative living card game set amid a backdrop of Lovecraftian horror. As the ancient ones seek entry to our world, one to two investigators work to unravel arcane mysteries and conspiracies. Included in this base game box is one campaign which has three scenarios.
The black cat and other stories
Escape Dead Island : PlayStation 3
George A. Romero
Digital horror painting workshop
Doors of chaos. Volume 2
JUDGE DREDD / TALES OF THE DAMNED
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
Clockwork prince
Saint Odd : an Odd Thomas novel
The mammoth book of Frankenstein
Swift to chase
Evil knits : 20 projects that go bump in the night
Clockwork angel
Dark inspiration : grotesque illustrations, art and design. II
Children of the corn
Sherlock Holmes and the plague of Dracula
THE AURUM FILM ENCYCLOPEDIA HORROR
Vampire art now
The art of horror : an illustrated history
Apocalypse of traditions : family and fear in Kurosawa Kiyoshi's horror films
Horror on the Orient express : a luxury campaign spanning the European continent
A touch of evil : The supernatural game
Prince Lestat and the realms of Atlantis
The cinema of George A. Romero : knight of the living dead
Writing the dark side of travel
Gothic art : vampires, witches, demons, dragons, werewolves & goths
"In Undead in the West: Vampires, Zombies, Mummies, and Ghosts on the Cinematic Frontier, Cynthia J. Miller and A. Bowdoin Van Riper have assembled a collection of essays that explore the many tropes and themes through which undead Westerns make the genre's inner plagues and demons visible, and lay siege to a frontier tied to myths of strength, ingenuity, freedom, and independence. The volume is divided into three sections: "Reanimating Classic Western Tropes" examines traditional Western characters, symbolism, and plot devices and how they are given new life in undead Westerns; "The Moral Order Under Siege" explores the ways in which the undead confront classic values and morality tales embodied in Western films; and "And Hell Followed with Him" looks at justice, retribution, and retaliation at the hands of undead angels and avenger. The subjects explored here run the gamut from such B films as Curse of the Undead and Billy the Kid vs. Dracula to A-list features like From Dusk 'til Dawn and Jonah Hex, as well as animated films (Rango) and television programs (The Walking Dead and Supernatural). Other films discussed include Sam Raimi's Bubba Ho-Tep, John Carpenter's Vampires, George Romero's Land of the Dead, and Sergio Leone's Once Upon a Time in the West. Featuring several illustrations and a filmography, Undead in the West will appeal to film scholars, especially those interested in hybrid genres, as well as fans of the Western and the supernatural in cinema."--Publisher description.
Resident evil : origins collection : Xbox One
Abjection and Representation is a theoretical investigation of the concept of abjection as expounded by Julia Kristeva in Powers of Horror (1982) and its application in various fields including the visual arts, film and literature. It examines the complexity of the concept and its significance as a cultural category.
Cthulhu Wars
The gods of HP Lovecraft
Religion of fear : the politics of horror in conservative evangelicalism
Odd is on our side
John Constantinen, Hellblazer : Fear and loathing
Starfish
The queen of zombie hearts
The Biology of horror : gothic literature and film
Dark stories by dark artists
Witch of Salem
New cthulhu : the recent weird
Welcome to Night Vale
The life of death ; New murders on the rue morg
It
Resident evil : revelations 2 : Xbox One
Creepy comics : 2008-2010
The weird and the eerie
American zombie gothic : the rise and fall (and rise] of the walking dead in the popular culture
Up from the grave
Last night on earth : The zombie game
Midnight
Twilight and philosophy : vampires, vegetarians, and the pursuit of immortality
Children of the vampire : the diaries of the family Dracul
One foot in the grave
Horrid Henry's A-Z of everything horrid
Horror poster art
Alien : isolation : Ripley edition : Xbox One
Alien : isolation : PlayStation 4
House of Odd
Out of the crypt into your heart
Arkham horror : the card game
Through the zombie glass
Bird Box : a novel
Lower than Low? Domesticating the Aesthetics of Horror in Childish Remakes
One grave at a time
The breathing method
Werewolf : the forsaken : a storytelling game of savage fury
My best friend's exorcism : a novel
Doors of chaos. Volume 1
This side of the grave
the Sandman vol. 5 : Game of you
Phallic panic
The  hypnotist
Vampire : the requiem : a modern gothic storytelling game
New directions in 21st century gothic : the gothic compass
True blood and philosophy : we wanna think bad things with you
Prom nights from hell
Dead of winter : a crossroads game
Resident evil : revelations 2 : PS4
Nightfall
"Fan favorite David Wong takes readers to a whole new level with this blistering sequel to the cult sensation John Dies at the End, soon to be a movie starring Paul Giamatti Originally released as an online serial where it received more than 70,000 downloads, John Dies at the End has been described as a "Horrortacular", an epic of "spectacular" horror that combines the laugh out loud humor of the best R-rated comedy, with the darkest terror of H.P. Lovecraft. The book went on to sell an additional 60,000 copies in all formats.As the sequel opens, we find our heroes, David and John, again embroiled in a series of horrifying yet mind-bogglingly ridiculous events caused primarily by their own gross incompetence. The guys find that books and movies about zombies may have triggered a zombie apocalypse, despite a complete lack of zombies in the world. As they race against the clock to protect humanity from its own paranoia, they must ask themselves, who are the real monsters? Actually, that would be the shape-shifting horrors secretly taking over the world behind the scenes that, in the end, make John and Dave kind of wish it had been zombies after all. Hilarious, terrifying, engaging and wrenching, This Book Is Full of Spiders, the next thrilling installment, takes us for a wild ride with two slackers from the midwest who really have better things to do with their time than prevent the apocalypse.  "--
A passing stranger and other stories
The Talisman
The struggle
Baltimore. Volume two : The curse bells
Horrorstor : a novel
Legend of Zagor
Resident evil : revelations 2 : PlayStation 3
Terror town
Men, women, and chain saws : gender in the modern horror film
Bizenghast. Issue 8
The course of the heart : a novel
The Gods of H.P. Lovecraft: a brand new anthology that collects the twelve principal deities of the Lovecraftian Mythos and sets them loose within its pages. Featuring the biggest names in horror and dark fantasy, including many New York Times bestsellers, full of original fiction and artwork, and individual commentary on each of the deities by Donald Tyson. Lovecraft's bestiary of gods has had a major influence on the horror scene from the time these sacred names were first evoked. Cthulhu, Azathoth, Nyarlathotep, Yog-Sothoth--this pantheon of the horrific calls to mind the very worst of cosmic nightmares and the very darkest signs of human nature. The Gods of H.P. Lovecraft brings together twelve all-new Mythos tales from:Cthulhu (Adam Nevill)Yog-Sothoth (Martha Wells)Azathoth (Laird Barron)Nyarlathotep (Bentley Little)Shub-Niggurath (David Liss)Tsathoggua (Brett Talley)The Mi-Go (Christopher Golden & James A. Moore)Night-gaunts (Jonathan Maberry)Elder Things (Joe Lansdale)Great Race (Rachel Caine)Yig (Douglas Wynne)The Deep Ones (Seanan McGuire)
The second volume in Ben Haggarty and Adam Brockbank's stunning series of adventure set 10,000 years in the past. The Kansa tribe live on the eastern shores of Stone Age Britain, where danger is never far away. Step by step, Poika's journey into manhood continues-caught in a mesh of tribal hunts, gatherings, and feasts determined by the waxing and waning of thirteen moons. The boundary between the real and imagined worlds blur as more and more of the Kansa cosmology is revealed in the dreams, nightmares, and ancestral beauty of Mezolith.
Chapel of bones
Resident evil : revelations 2: PS3
The fireman : a novel
The bazaar of bad dreams : stories
Arkham horror : a Call of Cthulhu boardgame
Southern gods
The island of Doctor Moreau
Gothic romanced : consumption, gender and technology in contemporary fictions
Jim : who ran away from his nurse and was eaten by a lion : a cautionary tale
"This volume investigates the horror genre across national boundaries (including locations such as Africa, Turkey, and post-Soviet Russia) and different media forms, illustrating the ways that horror can be theorized through the circulation, reception, and production of transnational media texts. Perhaps more than any other genre, horror is characterized by its ability to be simultaneously aware of the local while able to permeate national boundaries, to function on both regional and international registers. The essays here explore political models and allegories, questions of cult or subcultural media and their distribution practices, the relationship between regional or cultural networks, and the legibility of international horror iconography across distinct media. The book underscores how a discussion of contemporary international horror is not only about genre but about how genre can inform theories of visual cultures and the increasing permeability of their borders." -- Publisher website.
Call of Cthulhu LCG (Living Card Game)
Daphne du Maurier's classics of the macabre
American horror film : the genre at the turn of the millennium
"Horror is everywhere - in cinema, in fiction, in real life. In this issue Paul Auster writes about the death of his mother, Will Self on his own rare blood-disease, and Mark Doty on desire, addiction and literature. We have fiction from Stephen King, Sarah Hall and Joy Williams, reportage from Peru and Sudan, and a themed costume fightclub in Los Angeles. As Arthur Conan Doyle wrote, 'where there is no imagination there is no horror'. The issue also features cover art by The Chapman Brothers.."
Tales of the peculiar
Betrayal at house on the hill
The Summoning
Halfway to the grave
Zombies : the complete guide to the world of the living dead
World war Cthulhu : the darkest hour
Nightmares and Dreamscapes
Breathe : everyone has to do it
Gothic television
