http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4450 associations of states
associations of states
Margrete I : regent of the North : the Kalmar Union 600 years : essays and catalogue
A union for empire : political thought and the British Union of 1707
Federalizing Europe? : the costs, benefits and preconditions of federal political systems
Terror and democracy in the age of Stalin : the social dynamics of repression
Canada challenged : the viability of Confederation
The CPSU, society human rights
Public policy making in a federal system
Catching fire
The Transatlantic Alliance on the eve of the new millennium
Modern policing
Fundamentals of Soviet state law
The Korean Peninsula : is Kim Dae-jung's pursuit of a Korean confederation realistic?
100-year Anniversary of the Birth of V.J. Sukselainen, Founder of Väestöliitto
: Turkish-American problems in historical perspective, 1945-1971
Democracy in America
EU battlegroups : theory and development in the light of Finnish-Swedish co-operation
Candle in the wind : religion in the Soviet Union
Religion in the Soviet Union
The Soviet system of government
Religion in the Soviet Union : an archival reader
Power and the sacred in revolutionary Russia : religious activities in the village
Treaties and alliances of the world
Vieno Johannes Sukselainen was born in Paimio on 12 October 1906. His mother was a single woman who worked as a seamstress. Sukselainen matriculated from high school in 1927 and earned his masters degree in 1931. Sukselainens doctoral dissertation, Co-operatives as a business model, was approved in 1939. Sukselainen traveled to various countries during the 1930s to conduct research for his dissertation, including Germany, Switzerland, France and Sweden. He was actively involved in student politics and later in the 1930s also got involved in the activities of the Agrarian League. Although neither farmer nor Member of Parliament, Sukselainen was elected chairman of the Agrarian League in 1945. His chairmanship lasted nearly two decades, until 1964, and his contributions were mainly in the area of political economy and social policy. Sukselainen was a member of parliament almost without interruption from 1948 to 1978, and was Speaker in 1956-58, 1968-69 and 1972-75. Sukselainen occupied the post of Minister of Finance in 1950-51 and 1954, Minister of the Interior in 1951-53, and Prime Minister in 1957 and 1959-61. He also served as a university lecturer and professor of political economy throughout the 1940s and 50s, director of the Social Insurance Institution of Finland in 1954-71 and Chancellor of the University of Tampere in 1969-78. A founder of the Family Federation, Sukselainen was also its ? rst chairman from 1941 until 1971. Sukselainen and Elma Bondn, M.A., married on 6 July 1938 and had four children. V.J. Sukselainen died in 1995. .
Strategic sea lift capacity in the common European security and defence policy
In 2015 Time magazine named German Chancellor Angela Merkel as its Person of the Year, leaving little doubt that the woman who has held control of the European Union and successfully negotiated with Russian President Vladimir Putin is one of the most crucial and formidable fixtures in contemporary politics. This book is the story of the political titan's ascent from complete obscurity to become one of the most influential leaders in the world, responsible for making Germany more liberal and prosperous than it has ever been. Matthew Qvortrup weaves together Merkel's personal story with the vivid history of post-World War II Germany, combining his years of experience as a political commentator and journalist with his unique access to groundbreaking materials on Merkel--his research relies on original German sources and archives that have never been made available in English. This definitive biography follows Angela Merkel from her bleak childhood in East Germany through her meteoric rise to prominence and power, and includes up-to-date information on recent pressing concerns, such as the current refugee crisis. Offering an unprecedented look at how Merkel's inimitable personality and perspective allowed her and her staff of mostly female advisors to repeatedly outmaneuver a network of conservative male politicians, this book is essential reading for anyone interested in politics and current affairs, or simply in the story of a truly remarkable woman--Adapted from dust jacket.
Constitutional development in the USSR : a guide to the Soviet constitutions
Constitutionalizing globalization : the postmodern revival of confederal arrangements
Soviet citizenship law
The Eurasian project and Europe : regional discontinuities and geopolitics
The citizenship law of the USSR
The balance of power : stability in international systems
Ethnocide of Ukrainians in the U.S.S.R. : spring 1974, an underground journal from Soviet Ukraine
Hart and Wechslerś the federal courts and the federal system
Christianity and Russian culture in Soviet society
A calendar of Soviet treaties 1974-1980
Ordering anarchy : international law in international society
The modern concept of confederation : proceedings of the UniDem Seminar organised in Santorini on 22-25 September 1994 in co-operation with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Greece
The constitutions of the USSR and the union republics : analysis, texts, reports
Managing arms in peace processes : Croatia and Bosnia-Herzegovina
What the Soviet constitution guarantees
The organisation of African unity and its charter
Secret incomes of the Soviet state budget
Meech Lake and Canada : perspectives from the West
Gensek i fotograf : 100-letnemu ûbileû L. I. Brežneva posvâŝaetsâ = General secretary and photographer
Sweden and visions of Norway : politics and culture, 1814-1905
The Ashgate research companion to federalism
How Russia is ruled
For victory in the peaceful competition with capitalism
The rights of the individual in socialist society
Soviet and post-Soviet economic structure and performance
The Soviet state and law
Theory of public finance in a federal state
Taxation issues in a federal state and economic groupings with concurrent taxing authorities : proceedings of a Seminar held in Geneva in 1996 during the 50th Congress of the International Fiscal Association
The future of multilateral security co-operation in the new security environment
Stalin in power : the revolution from above 1928-1941
Perestroika : Soviet domestic and foreign policies
Politics and government in the Federal Republic of Germany : basic documents
CIS integration trends : Russia and the former Soviet South
Constituting federal sovereignty : the European Union in comparative context
Res publica redefined? : the Polish-Lithuanian transition period of the 1560s and 1570s in the context of European state formation processes
State and local government 1999-2000
The British Union : a critical edition and translation of David Hume of Godscroft's De unione Insulae Britannicae
Marxism and the U.S.S.R : the theory of proletarian dictatorship and the Marxist analysis of Soviet Society
Comparative federalism and federation : competing traditions and future directions
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
Psyche's task : a discourse concerning the influence of superstition on the growth of institutions
A history of Soviet Russia. [11], Foundations of a planned economy 1926-1929
Estonia and the EU : integration and societal security in the Baltic context
APN comments on the USSR constitution
The idea of Europe : from antiquity to the European Union
State and politics in the USSR
Religion, state and politics in the Soviet Union and successor states
The State law of the socialist countries
Who was who in the Soviet Union : a biographical dictionary of more than 4600 leading officials from the central apparatus and the republics to 1991
Centre-state relations in India : a study of sub-national aspirations
Abstract: The constitutional decision-making to join European Economic and Monetary Union.
The Oxford history of Poland-Lithuania
The Western European Union at a turning point
Terror and progress - USSR : some sources of change and stability in the Soviet dictatorship
Russia, more different than most
Where nation-states come from : institutional change in the age of nationalism
Angela Merkel : Europe's most influential leader
Great empires, small nations : the uncertain future of the sovereign state
Red star and green crescent
Approaches to European security in the 1990s
Federalism and European Union : the building of Europe, 1950-2000
The state, democracy and legality in the USSR : Lenin's ideas today
"The in-depth biography of Angela Merkel, using exclusive new sources and research to tell how the daughter of a clergyman from East Germany rose to become one of the most powerful women in the world"--NoveList.
Stalin : triumph and tragedy
Christianity and governement in Russia and the Soviet Union : reflections on the millenium
The superpowers and nuclear arms control : rhetoric and reality
Security community in the Baltic Sea region? : recent debate and recent trends
Federal government
