http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4458 customer relationship
customer relationship
IMC, the next generation : five steps for delivering value and measuring returs using marketing communication
Service design for business : a practical guide to optimizing the customer experience
Developing the Internal Service Quality in Organisation Y
Inward internationalisation of new ventures in Finnish fashion retailing
Supplier performance evaluation by using supplier scorecard
Customer retention : an integrated process for keeping your best customers
Strategies for consumer retention
Customer Satisfaction : Case Farm Tourism Ilomäki
DRV Service GmbH, A product survey to improve the customer relationship with the members of DRV
CRM at the speed of light : social CRM strategies, tools, and techniques for engaging your customers
Critical incidents in internal relationships
Konecranes Global Key Account Management Portal -project : Case: Konecranes Oyj
Customer satisfaction and customer relationship marketing in small and medium sized companies : case study Suomen Superlon Oy
CUSTOMER OPINIONS ON BANK SERVICES IN CHINA CONSTRUCTION BANK
Inbound marketing : get found using Google, social media, and blogs
Socially phobic clients' self-descriptions, treatment progress and reflexivity in short-term cognitive-constructivist group psychotherapy
Neste Oil Rally spectator in Lahti 2011 : profile, satisfaction and willingness to recommend the event
Success with Microsoft Dynamics CRM 4.0
Effective marketing communications : a skills and activity-based approach
Pilot Project in Coordination Department : Case: Coordination department. Company x
Purpose – The purpose of this paper is to examine the barriers associated with the adoption and use  of mobile sales force automation (SFA) systems from a salesperson's perspective.  Design/methodology/approach – A qualitative investigation of two business-to-business  companies was conducted. Data collected from ten semi-structured interviews with directors or sales  managers were analyzed to understand the main barriers to SFA system adoption.  Findings – The study confirms the existence of three barriers (customer knowledge, quality of  information and the characteristics of mobile devices) to a mobile SFA system use and identifies two  additional barriers: lack of time and optimization issues.  Research limitations/implications – The explorative nature of the study and the qualitative  method employed limit the generalizability of the results. The propositions could be further validated  and tested with a wider population.  Practical implications – Organizations wishing to speed the adoption of a mobile SFA system  should evaluate the importance and significance of the five identified barriers to adoption, and plan how  to overcome them. It is important for the providers of the mobile SFA systems to focus on developing  systems that can exploit the different characteristics of each channel and, in parallel, overcome the  inherent limitations of any single channel. The content of an SFA system should be customizable for  each type of mobile device.  Originality/value – Ever increasing mobility has led to a rise in the use of smartphones and tablet  PCs (tablets) in business and the consequent growth in the use of SFA systems. Although SFA systems  have been studied for roughly 30 years, little is known of the impact of newly developed mobile devices  on sales management and sales personnel.
Optimizing X Center experience : case study: Company X
Advanced customer analytics : targeting, valuing, segmenting and loyalty techniques
The challenge of adopting key account management in a company
Marketing communication in Finnish industrial companies
Customers that Count : how to build living relationships with your most valuable customers
Investment euphoria and money madness : the inner workings of the psychology of investing, for financial advisors and the clients
Organizing relationships : traditional and emerging perspectives on workplace relationships
The complete guide to direct marketing
Expert guidance in a direct and conceptual style on the analytic steps to take to resolve data-heavy retail marketing questions, taking into account consumer behaviour and multi-channel marketing scenarios.
Customer centered selling : eight steps to success from the world's best sales force
Evaluation of the effectiveness of customer relationship management
Discover questions get you connected. Volume 1, For professional sellers
Working with Microsoft Dynamics CRM 4.0
Risk assessment : a practitioner's guide to predicting harmful behaviour
How to win customers and keep them for life
Reinforcing the Monki brand in Finland through event marketing : case Monki 1-year anniversary customer night
Marketing InnoConnections (Finnish consulting company) to Berlin, German Market : developing business relationships with companies in Berlin
An investigation into factors for successful customer relationship management implementation : change, information technology and the human being
Marketing and Customer Relationship Management for ONYOU Home Textiles Franchise Store in Hefei, China
Loyalty marketing in automobile dealerships : case: car dealer X
Barriers to the use of mobile  sales force automation system : a salesperson's perspective
ABC's of relationship selling
Developing the after sales for global customers in case company
Marketing planning : a global perspective
Creating customers for life
Supplier relationship management : unlocking the hidden value in your supply base
Selling : building partnerships
The marketing century : how marketing drives business and shapes society : The Chartered Institute of Marketing
Strategies that win sales : best practices of the world's leading organizations
Creating a client development plan for advertising agency in Finland : case: N2
Exploiting CRM : connecting with customers
Customer Satisfaction Research of Suning Appliance
Implementing customer relationship management in sales organization : case Company X
Marketing InnoConnections (Finnish Consulting Company) to Berlin,German Market : Developing business relationships with companies in Berlin
Consumer pre-purchase decision taxonomy
Customer relationship management: concepts and technologies
Modern trends in B2B marketing and advertising in Finland : case: Lahden tyokalupiste-Toolpoint
Customer service : building successful skills for the twenty-first century
Team-client relationships and extreme programming
Developing horizontal external social capital through customer relationship improvement in an SME: a case study
ABC's of relationship selling through service
The customer experience book : how to design, measure and improve customer experience in your business
Customer satisfaction in business-to-business relationships : a value creation perspective, case: Oras Ltd
The one to one fieldbook : the complete toolkit for implementing a 1 to 1 marketing program
"Supplier Relationship Management (SRM) is a strategic and structured approach to identify, and maximise value from, key and strategic suppliers. This book is a practical guide for anyone wanting to understand and implement the right approaches to get the most from the supply base. It is not about creating complex systems that require an army to support them but about developing clarity of focus so you are able to direct what resources you have at the suppliers who can make the biggest difference to your organization now and in the future"--
Customer service and satisfaction : Kältering AG auditing their customers
Relationship termination intentions : a study of hotel customers
Professionals and clients : a constitutional struggle
Relationship marketing : its disciplinary roots and future directions
Key account management and quality in business-to-business relationships
Understanding and managing customers
Building long-term customer relationships in service business : Suomen Hopealinja Oy
Visions for the future : proceedings of the 14th IMP Annual Conference : Turku September 3-5, 1998. Volume  1, Competive papers
One customer, divisible : linking customer insight to loyalty and advocacy behavior
Analysis of attitudes towards mobile direct marketing directed to consumers involved in loyalty programs
Developing estage as a crm tool : case: Mergertum Ltd
Qualitative Evaluation Criteria for Client Relationship Managers in the Financial Services Industry
Iniating environmentally-friendly marketing campaigns : marketing ethical cosmetics in spa-facilities
Influence : the psychology of persuasion
Customer service : career success through customer satisfaction
Customer clubs and loyalty programmes : a practical guide
Advances in business marketing and purchasing : Volume 16, Organizational culture, business-to-business relationships, and interfirm networks
Analysis of customer relationship marketing in DB Schenker Logistics Finland
Experiential Marketing - Entertaining Events or a Crucial Part of the Marketing Mix?
Changing tomorrow in customer experience
Increasing customer commitment by strengthening sales process
Analysis of Customer Relationship Marketing in DB Schenker Logistics Finland
Inbound marketing : attract, engage, and delight customers online
Marketing communication mix : case study
Abstract:
Trust agents : using the web to build influence, improve reputation, and earn trust
The ground of professional ethics
Adding value to the customer through customer relationship mangement : case: Ruukki
Microsoft Dynamics CRM 4 for dummies
Background Research for the "Travel Destination of Tomorrow" -Specialization Program
Online Marketing: A Study in E – Service Section : Case Study: Jobstreet.com
Value Co-Creation in Seller-Reseller Relationships
Expectations of elderly people on the nurse-client relationship and interaction in home care : "When I see the nurse's smiling face it feels likes sunshine on a rainy and gloomy day"
Examining consumers' intention, behavior, and beliefs in mobile banking adoption and continuous usage
Marketing in manageable bites for busy managers and overworked students
Customer Relationship Management in Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd
The instant sales pro : more than 600 tips and techniques to accelerate your sales success
This text provides a comprehensive treatment using multiple theoretical perspectives to understand and examine all workplace relationships. It helps readers broaden and enrich the ways they think about workplace relationships and their role in organizational processes.
Batteries included!
The DNA of customer experience : how emotions drive value
Customer relationship management : case study of the RMan web application
Key account acquisition and retention in the United Kingdom private medical insurance market : case study: AXA PPP healthcare
DRV Service GmbH : A product survey to improve the customer relationship with the members of DRV
Effective customer care
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail? : case study of an agricultural commodity exchange
Service operations management : improving service delivery
Improving customer feedback process : case Finavia, Helsinki-Vantaa airport
Relationship quality in aviation ground handling industry
Tourism, tourists and society
This is a guide for business and brand builders who need to strengthen their approach to online B2C community management and customer engagement. Perkins explains how to build an engaging community strategy and provides ways to retain customers, create compelling content, and track results. You'll learn how to create an online community and entice new members to join; the online locales where you should be hosting your community; why content is essential to community and how to determine what types of content will best fit the needs of your consumers; why community can be a tremendous source of consumer insight; how to ensure that your brand consistently delivers on its promises; how to develop a holistic community strategy and effectively manage resources through an agile approach; frameworks to support execution of a community strategy; how to define the role of community manager and hire for it. --$cEdited summary from book.
Hug your customers : the proven way to personalize sales and achieve astounding results
Retail therapy : making strategic relationships work
Electronic customer relationship management : Business needs analysis for concept development in a telecommunications company
Customer service for hospitality and tourism
Abstract: Analysis of Attitudes towards Mobile Direct Marketing Directed to Consumers Involved in Loyalty Programs. The main objective of this dissertation was to analyze general attitudes consumers have towards mobile direct marketing, when it is executed by some company whose loyalty program they are involved in. The study was then investigating the level of interest towards such advertising. The research was based on a mix of qualitative and quantitative research, and an online survey of 94 individuals from different age groups and professions was conducted for data collection purposes. The research aimed at giving generalized view of the consumers' reaction to the topic and suggestions on how this information could be used by any company planning on incorporating mobile direct marketing to their loyalty programs. A critical review of relevant secondary data was carried out to get insight on consumer behavior, when it comes to loyalty programs and mobile direct marketing. The literature review discusses in general terms of the topic related concepts of marketing and consumer behavior, and finishes with introducing the different uses and types of mobile direct marketing. This information gave the basis for primary research. Results of the research placed some of the theory of secondary data under consideration, and further recommendation for research would therefore be focusing on viral activity related to loyalty program messages as well as realization of paid-for ordering service. Limitations of research include the absence of a commissioner, which affects the reliability of the primary research results.
Higher profits through customer lock-in : a roadmap
Customer relationship management in the United Kingdom e-commerce
Marketing & selling professional services : practical approaches to practice development
Designing service processes to unlock value
Customer satisfaction and development case : Hydrauto Oy Ab
7L : the seven levels of communication : go from relationships to referrals
Social media in business-to-business companies' innovation
The role of relationship marketing as a tool for growth in Ghanaian banking sector . (Case of HFC bank Ghana)
Managing customer relationships during different phases of business cycles : The case Outotec
Leading libraries : how to create a service culture
Customer satisfaction Case: National Life Insurance Company Limited, Khulna Branch
Researching business to business customer satisfaction and loyalty
Woo, wow, and win : service design, strategy, and the art of customer delight
The customer management scorecard : managing CRM for profit
Implementing customer relationship management in business network context
Key account management in information-intensive services
Analysis of Attitudes towards Mobile Direct Marketing Directed to Consumers Involved in Loyalty Programs.
Improving internal customer relationship in IT Purchases Case: Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences
Customer orientation and competence building
The community manager's playbook : how to build brand awareness and customer engagement
Customer Retention in E-commerce business
Switching costs in local Finnish retail bank lending
Achieving growth by attracting customers for Nordea Hämeenkyrö-Kyröskoski
The customer-driven company : moving from talk to action
Total relationship marketing : marketing strategy moving from the 4Ps - product, price, promotion, place - of traditional marketing management to the 30Rs - the thirty relationships - of a new marketing paradigm
Handbook of relationship marketing
Relationship marketing : new strategies, technigues and technologies to win the customers you want and keep them forever
Up close & personal? : customer relationship marketing @ work
Customer retention in a cross-border acquisition : a single case study of a knowledge-intensive firm
A wider view on customer profitability in Nordea Private Bank Units
CRM approach penetration in a service organization
The Xiaomi way : customer engagement strategies that built one of the largest smartphone companies in the world
Impact of the Internet on Tourism and Hospitality in Kenya
Market segmentation and value of customer relationships : case study: company X
Public relations in a transition society 1989-2002 : using a stakeholder approach in organisational communications and relations analyses
Customer relationship management
Online Marketing : a Study in E-service Section with a Case Study of Jobstreet.com
Improving the Customer Service Level through efficient Business-to-Business Marketing Communication
Once a customer always a customer : how to deliver customer service that creates customers for life
The purpose of this study was to develop case company's after sales which includes  spare part and technical service.  Spare parts and technical service have been available to customers for several years  and sales revenue has increased during the years. However, marketing for after sales  has been quite passive. Based on that the following research questions were formed:  Do the current customers know the range of spare parts case company has to offer?  Are they aware of what kind of technical service they can get from the case company?  The objective for this study was to find and acquire new tools for promoting and introducing  the after sales to both new and old customers. Development in spare part  and technical service sales was studied and analyzed as well. Sales data was gathered  from year 2010 to 2014.  Conceptual framework for this study was Customer relationship management (CRM)  which includes a customer-based way of thinking and possible computerized systems.  Customer segmentation was another procedure used in creating new marketing tools.  Both quantitative and qualitative research methods were used in this study. Quantitative  data was gathered from case company's database and qualitative was received  from colleagues and survey implemented in spring 2015.
Marketing made easy
In this study I want to find out what customer relationship marketing means for the case company Uniglass Engineering Oy operating in industrial markets. The objective of the study is to examine the role of customer relationships and how Uniglass establishes and maintains relations with its key customers and how it correlates to company performance. Company performance is measured by examining two individual customers and their satisfaction with the case company. Theoretical framework for the study is based on literature of the topic. The theory part defines the contest and different elements of customer relationship marketing. The empirical part of the study introduces the case company and its way of dealing with customer relationships from the company's point of view as well as from the customer's viewpoint. The meaning of the empirical study was to evaluate the how customer relationships are handled in the company and can it be turned into a competitive advantage. The main findings of the research were that the case company Uniglass is interested in establishing, developing and maintaining long-term business relations with customers, which is the core of defining the term customer relationship marketing. Uniglass has managed to create a trustworthy relationship with the customers and the customers interviewed for the study felt they had been offered more than the product itself.
Unleashing excellence : the complete guide to ultimate customer service
Managing client contacts of small KIBS companies : turning technology into business
As the World Thought Leaders on Customer Experience, Colin Shaw and the team at Beyond Philosophy have undertaken more than 18 months of groundbreaking research to discover the emotions that drive and destroy value in an organization, and can now disclose the empirical link between evoking these emotions and substantial financial returns.
Handbook of CRM : achieving excellence in customer management
Development and Improvement of Customer Relations in the Luxury Cottages Portal Business
Realization of customer relationship marketing for a business-to-business company : case Uniglass
Creating customer commitment through customer loyalty program : case: Company X
Why people don't buy things : five proven steps to connect with your customers and dramatically increase your sales
Sensing the market : community based process model for developing product concepts and customer relationships on the internet
Customer satisfaction in electronics field
Abstract.
Customer satisfaction survey for clothing store Pointguard
Development of after-sales program for Valkea Marina
The rise of the platform marketer : performance marketing with Google, Facebook, and Twitter, plus the latest high-growth digital advertising platforms
Hospitality marketing : principles and practice
The end of business as usual : rewire the way you work to succeed in the consumer revolution
Key account management in a case company
Connected CRM : implementing a big-data-driven, customer-centric business strategy
Abstract: DRV Service GmbH, A Product Survey to Improve the Customer Relationship with the Members of the DRV
Improving customer loyalty through a regular cus-tomer program : Case Onninen Oy
Strategic account analysis : customer relationship and true profitability
Kaizen strategies for customer care : how to create a powerful customer-care program - and make it work
Making customer satisfaction happen : a strategy for delighting customers
This authoritative guide to the key concepts, theories and applications of relationship marketing deals with partnership issues among suppliers and customers, and new ways of teaching and learning relationship marketing.
The eleventh commandment : Transforming to "own" customers
Developing concepts of customer relationship profitability in the fine paper industry
Managing customer relationships : a strategic framework
From selling to serving : the essence of client creation
Development of a customer retention feature for FitnessBooker
A marketing strategy for soundly sleeping dragon in the Finnish market : case: Tan Minh Single Women Cooperative
The main objective of this study was to examine the relationship between DB Schenker Logistics Finland and its customers and the possibilities of managing and maintaining the customer marketing relationship. The main purpose was to examine a provider organization and its operation by integrating the theories of relationship marketing in service context to find out what are the major challenges in implementing marketing relationship and service approach in DB Schenker. The theoretical framework was constructed on the theories of relationship marketing in service context. Customer relationship is becoming the main focus of most businesses. Hence, there have been many discussions about this topic in the previous studies. The main focus of this study is based on the customer relationship from the customer perspective. Therefore, the theoretical framework provides the basis for the research problem, research design, data collection and data analysis. The empirical study is based on a qualitative research designed through a single case study analysis method. The aim is to achieve an in-depth understanding of a practical phenomenon in its context in a real life situation. Both primary and secondary data are utilized. Secondary data include the company's internal materials and selected articles and research reports from various reliable sources. Primary data are mainly gathered through semi-structured interviews, discussions and direct observations. The case study reveals that DB Schenker is relatively well relationship and service orientated in the strategic level. Importance of customer relationship, service orientation and employees' role in improving customer marketing relationships and service quality have been recognized by the company. The company believes that better customer marketing relationships and service quality create competitive advantages. Conclusions are based on both the theoretical study and the empirical case study. The logistics service industry is an extremely dynamic industry where customers' demands and the changes in the competitive environment are getting more demanding constantly.
Harmonizing customer relationships
The attraction of company online communities : a multiple case study
Abstract: Researching business to business customer satisfaction and loyalty.
Marketing communications supporting customer acquisition and retention : case: Scanpiiri Oy
Strategic relationship marketing
Customer commitment and key account management
It is important for a company, whose income is based on the number of the active customers to have a way to track how well they can keep their customers and to know what their customers think about their services. The aim of this Bachelor’s thesis was to develop a new feature that allows the manager of a company to track the rate in which company loses active customers and a way that allows managers to create surveys or ask questions that can help them to improve their services, this information can then help them reduce the rate in which they lose customers. The feature was developed using PHP, HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS and MySQL. PHPUnit testing framework was utilized for testing backend PHP code and Twig template engine was utilized for frontend PHP. As a result of this thesis, a new feature was implemented into an existing system. This feature has 2 views. The first one allows the manager of a company to view the customer attrition rate displayed as a line chart or in a table. Another one allows the manager to create questions for the customers and the created questions will then be displayed to customers when they log into the service. In future the feature can be expanded to track the rate of how long customers stay active after joining or adding new types of tracked customers by age, family relations or group exercise.
How to build customer relationship through Internet?
Relational work in therapeutic interaction : a comparative conversation analytic study on psychoanalysis, cognitive psychotherapy and resource-centred counselling
Interaction as determining element of experienced service quality : a healthcare example
Super service : seven keys to delivering great customer service : even when you don't feel like it, even when they don't deserve it
Sichuan Tourism Development and Research
