http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4454 wounded
wounded
Final record of the Diplomatic Conference of Geneva of 1949.
The  War come home : disabled veterans in Britain and Germany, 1914-1939
Hugo Simberg and the Wounded Angel / Marjatta Levanto
The devil, death and the angel in the studio : studies on Hugo Simberg's art
The bargain
Disabled veterans in history
New Finnish grammar
Summary.
The haunted airman
After-effects of brain -injuries : research on the symptoms causing invalidism of persons in Finland having sustained brain-injuries during the wars of 1939-1940 and 1941-1944
Three day road
The story of Danny Dunn
4th International Sandis Workshop : 13-17 December, 2010, Valkeakoski, Finland : proceedings
The patience stone
The constant soldier
This book explores military patients' experiences of frontline medical evacuation, war surgery, and the social world of military hospitals during the First World War. The proximity of the front and the colossal numbers of wounded created greater public awareness of the impact of the war than had been seen in previous conflicts, with serious political consequences. Frequently referred to as 'our wounded', the central place of the soldier in society, as a symbol of the war's shifting meaning, drew contradictory responses of compassion, heroism, and censure. Wounds also stirred romantic and sexual responses. This volume reveals the paradoxical situation of the increasing political demand levied on citizen soldiers concurrent with the rise in medical humanitarianism and war-related charitable voluntarism. The physical gestures and poignant sounds of the suffering men reached across the classes, giving rise to convictions about patient rights, which at times conflicted with the military's pragmatism. Why, then, did patients represent military medicine, doctors and nurses in a negative light? This book listens to the voices of wounded soldiers, placing their personal experience of pain within the social, cultural, and political contexts of military medical institutions. The author reveals how the wounded and disabled found culturally creative ways to express their pain, negotiate power relations, manage systemic tensions, and enact forms of 'soft resistance' against the societal and military expectations of masculinity when confronted by men in pain. The volume concludes by considering the way the state ascribed social and economic values on the body parts of disabled soldiers though the pension system.
War and the body : militarisation, practice and experience
Ballistic trauma : clinical relevance in peace and war
The politics of wounds : military patients and medical power in the First World War
Florence Nightingale : the making of an icon
Signature wound : rocking TBI
Finnish disabled war veteran : summary of Suomalainen sotainvalidi
Bloodflower
