http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4459 Boer War
Boer War
Painting the map red : Canada and the South Africa War, 1899-1902
This is an epic historical adventure set during the Boer War. Dublin, 1899. On a foul night in a troubled city, lawyer Joseph Radcliffe watches the execution of a young Irish rebel. Radcliffe, together with his black American comrade Benjamin Pierce, has made a living defending the toughest cases in Dublin, but is haunted by the spectre of his defeats, the loss of his wife and child and his difficult relationship with his surviving son, Edward. While Ireland smoulders with rebellion, war breaks out in South Africa and when, after an argument with his father, Edward runs away to join the Irish forces fighting there, Radcliffe, accompanied by Pierce, sets out to find him and bring him home. South Africa, 1900. Both Radcliffe and Pierce have known war. Former cavalrymen in the US army, they have seen enough killing to last them a lifetime. But eight hundred miles north of Cape Town, amid the trackless veld, they experience the bloody brutality of a conflict that the British generals are shocked to discover they are losing. Under fire from Boer snipers and artillery, distrusted by the British forces, the two old soldiers will find their survival skills tested to the hilt as they search for the missing boy in this epic tale of heroism and treachery, love and loyalty.
Nationalism, imperialism, and identity in late Victorian culture : civil and military worlds
Stones for my father
The last horseman
The international impact of the Boer War
Gender, race and the writing of empire : public discourse and the Boer war
Churchill's South Africa : travels during the Anglo-Boer War
The Boer War
The autobiography of the British soldier : from Agincourt to Basra, in his own words
The boer war 1899-1902
Briton, Boer and Yankee : the United States and South Africa 1870-1914
The sound of thunder
The Boer war : the struggle for South Africa
Mfecane to Boer war : versions of South African history : papers presented at a Symposium at the University of Essen, 25-27 April 1990
Writing a wider war : rethinking gender, race, and identity in the South African War, 1899-1902
One flag, one queen, one tongue : New Zealand, the British Empire and the South African War 1899-1902
Last horseman
The Transvaal Rebellion : the first Boer War, 1880-1881
The Boer war
The Boer War : a history
Diamonds, gold, and war : the British, the Boers, and the making of South Africa
Frontiers and wars : his four early books covering his life as soldier and war correspondent, edited into one volume
Mourning becomes - : post/memory and commemoration of the concentration camps of the South African War, 1899-1902
Jameson's raid : the prelude to the Boer War
An illustrated encyclopedia of military uniforms of the 19th century : an expert guide to the Crimean War, American Civil War, Boer War, wars of German and Italian unification and colonial wars
A warrior's gateway : Durban and the Anglo-Boer War, 1899-1902
