http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4468 electrical engineers
electrical engineers
International journal of recent trends in engineering
Computer society '95 : the complete editorial content of all 1995 issues of
Tesla : inventor of the electrical age
Engineer your English
Oxford English for electrical and mechanical engineering. Answer book with teaching notes
Understanding electro-mechanical engineering : an introduction to mechatronics
Physics : with modern physics for scientists and engineers
Signor Marconi's magic box : the most remarkable invention of the 19th century & the amateur inventor whose genius sparked a revolution
The inventor of stereo : the life and works of Alan Dower Blumlein
General chemistry for engineers
McGraw-Hill dictionary of engineering
Marconi : the man who networked the world
Nikola Tesla was a major contributor to the electrical revolution that transformed daily life at the turn of the twentieth century. His inventions, patents, and theoretical work formed the basis of modern AC electricity, and contributed to the development of radio and television. Like his competitor Thomas Edison, Tesla was one of America's first celebrity scientists, enjoying the company of New York high society and dazzling the likes of Mark Twain with his electrical demonstrations. An astute self-promoter and gifted showman, he cultivated a public image of the eccentric genius. Even at the end of his life when he was living in poverty, Tesla still attracted reporters to his annual birthday interview, regaling them with claims that he had invented a particle-beam weapon capable of bringing down enemy aircraft. Plenty of biographies glamorize Tesla and his eccentricities, but until now none has carefully examined what, how, and why he invented. In this groundbreaking book, W. Bernard Carlson demystifies the legendary inventor, placing him within the cultural and technological context of his time, and focusing on his inventions themselves as well as the creation and maintenance of his celebrity. Drawing on original documents from Tesla's private and public life, Carlson shows how he was an "idealist" inventor who sought the perfect experimental realization of a great idea or principle, and who skillfully sold his inventions to the public through mythmaking and illusion. This major biography sheds new light on Tesla's visionary approach to invention and the business strategies behind his most important technological breakthroughs.
Engineering mathematics : a foundation for electronic, electrical communications and systems engineers
Statistical techniques for high-voltage engineering
Engineering science : for foundation degree and higher national
Alexanderson : pioneer in American electrical engineering
Kempe's engineers year-book for 1995
Power system capacitors
Becoming an electrical engineer : a mixed methods study of electrical engineers' studies and career
Principles of electrical engineering
"Werner von Siemens (1816-92) is best known in the English-speaking world as an inventor and pioneering electrical engineer. While previous studies have concentrated on his work as a scientist and technician, this biography, the first in a three-volume history of the Siemens corporation, focuses on his life as a businessman. Siemens was not only a successful inventor but also an entrepreneur with a broad and international business vision." "Siemens first achieved success in telegraphy. His firm, Siemens & Halske, built Germany's first important telegraph line and went on to build lines elsewhere in Europe and Asia. Siemens then turned his hand to electric technology. He was instrumental in creating the conditions for the advancement of electrical technology from the experimental stage into the modern electrical industry." "Siemens combined his engineering brilliance with entrepreneurial skills to develop a business whose activities at an early stage nearly spanned the globe. Siemens held a multinational vision almost from the start. The Siemens firms were unique in that, rather than starting small then slowly growing and branching out, they were from their inception international organizations." "The story of Siemens is a vital part of the history of industrialization in Europe. It will make fascinating reading for scholars and students of German history, business history, and the history of technology."--BOOK JACKET.
Werner von Siemens : inventor and international entrepreneur
The fantastic inventions of Nikola Tesla
Engineering students' proficiency in electromagnetics : role of procedural and conceptual knowledge, and mathematics anxiety in learning of electromagnetics
Engineering mathematics : a modern foundation for electronics, electrical and system engineers
IEEE 1995 international symposium on electromagnetic compatibility
Advanced engineering mathematics
Engineering circuit analysis
Prodigal genius : the life of Nikola Tesla
This is a biography of one of the major 20th-century scientists, Nikola Tesla. It is interdisciplinary, containing accounts of U.S. manufacturing in the early 1900s and other contemporary cultural materials.
Newnes electrical power engineer's handbook
