http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4465 pools (artificial)
pools (artificial)
Gardening with water
Paths and patios
Backyard design : making the most of the space around your house
Possibilities to combat eutrophication through community-driven management practices in Bospoort Dam, South Africa
The complete book of the water garden
Man-made lakes and human health
A bloom of the blue-green alga, Anabaena lemmermannii var. minor (Nostocophyceae), in the Gennarbyviken fresh-water reservoir, southern Finland
Garden ponds : 10 step-by-step projects : quick and easy ideas to enhance your garden
The big book of outdoor Diy : over 75 step-by-step projects
The American girl : a novel
Application of Lean management for ship's pool construction
Encyclopedia of aquarium & pond fish
Landscape architecture : water features
Hydrotherapy : principles and practice
Water features for the garden : including 16 easy-to-build projects
Dammed divinities : the water powers at Bujagali Falls, Uganda
The night the moorings snapped
Market opportunities for fish farming cage frames in the Republic of Karelia
Spa & health club design
The water garden : styles, designs and visions
The world of koi : comprehensive coverage, from building a koi pond to choosing color varieties
The complete guide to finishing touches for yards & gardens
The water garden
Technological change, environmental awareness, and the fear of centralization : the Platte river mid-state project, 1943-75
Mediaeval baptismal fonts : an iconographical study
Reservoir fisheries and limnology
The complete garden makeover book
Convergence of roundwood prices in Estonia, Finland and Lithuania during 1996-2006
The complete book of Outdoor diy
Programming of statistic system for swimming pools
Pools & spas : new designs for gracious living
Water gardens : simple projects, contemporary designs
Management of artificial lakes and ponds
Water features for small gardens : from concept to construction
The goal of this thesis is to study and find a way to apply Lean-thinking to ship's outdoor pool area construction. The thesis is done for KAEFER OY, who is responsible for turn-key-delivery of outdoor pool areas in TUI's Mein Schiff 5 cruise ship. The first part of the thesis consists of the idea in Lean thinking, its history and its terms. This part is dealt with in isolation with no connection to shipbuilding. This was decided for the reason that when Lean is studied without thinking about the actual target, may the way of thinking expand away from so called familiar work methods and new ideas can be developed. The second part is about current work methods in Meyer Turku shipyard. It states the current work methods and things that are part of successful results in present day. The third part of this thesis is about the results of this work. It goes through certain things in current work methods where Lean can be applied. With those applications the work can become more productive and meaningful.
Water in a small garden
Water gardening : water lilies and lotuses
The swimming pool : everything you need to know to design, build, and landscape the perfect pool
Water in the garden : inspiring ideas and designs for beautiful water features
On baptismal fonts : ancient and modern
Fluids and basin evolution
Fluxes of nitrous oxide on natural peatlands in Vuotos, an area projected for a hydroelectric reservoir in northern Finland
Uima-altaat = Swimming pools. Osa 2 = Part 2, Toiminnanharjoittamiseen liittyvät turvallisuusvaatimukset = Safety requirements for operation
Garden pools : fountain & waterfalls
Scale problems in hydrology : runoff generation and basin response
The adaptive nature of culture : a cross-cultural analysis of the returns of local environmental knowledge in three indigenous societies
Backyard recreation projects
Competitor Analysis : Company X
Development proposals to the water monitoring and management of Hartbeespoort Dam
The patriotism of despair : nation, war, and loss in Russia
Phytoplankton succession from 1968 to 1990 in the subarctic Lokka reservoir
Rain gardens : managing water sustainably in the garden and designed landscape
Patios & walkways idea book
Beyond the lawn : unique outdoor spaces for modern living
Ideas for great baby rooms
Ideaconstruccion = Ideabuilding. 4 : Piscinas = Swimming pools
Indigenous youth in Brazilian Amazonia : changing lived worlds
Protection of the water of the catchment area of the river Cybina
Water baths for farmed mink : intra-individual consistency and inter-individual variation in swimming behaviour, and effects on stereotyped behaviour
Baptismal fonts : classified and illustrated
Research on the composting technique of Dahuofang reservoir
The holy mountain : studies on Upper Altay oral poetry
The shark In the pool
Outdoor entertaining idea book
Analysis of the elements pollution in Dahuofang reservoir and the countermeasures to the pollution
Monitoring of Cryptosporidium and Giardia in the Vantaa river basin, southern Finland
Mechanical ventilation systems in swimming pools
Garden brickwork : How to build walls, paths, patios and barbecues
Holocene development of the Pennala basin with special reference to the palaeoenvironment of Meso- and Neolithic dwelling sites, Lahti-Orimattila, Southern Finland
Pool lifeguard : training manual
Ecological studies of the Mtera Basin : Great Ruaha Power project, Tanzania
Dams, fish and fisheries : opportunities, challenges and conflict resolution
Spas, Wells, and Pleasure Gardens of London
Stonework for the garden : including 16 easy-to-build projects
"The damming of Bujagali Falls, located only 8 kilometers north of the historic source of the White Nile or the outlet of Lake Victoria, has been seen as one of the most controversial dams in modern times. In 2012, the dam was eventually inaugurated after years of anti-dam opposition and delays. A unique aspect of the controversies was the river spirit Budhagaali living in the falls blocking the dam and opposing the destruction of the waterfalls. This spirits embodies a particular healer - Jaja Bujagali, but he was bypassed by another healer who conducted no less than three grandiose appeasement and relocation ceremonies for the Budhagaali spirit clearing the way for the dam. Why has this particular dam been so controversial? How can a water spirit block a nearly billion dollar dam? What was the ritual drama behind the construction of the dam and is it possible to move a spirit? And what happened to Budhagaali and the indigenous religion after the falls were flooded and can a river spirit be drowned in its own element - water?" --Provided by publisher.
The ultimate water garden book
Poolboy : drowning out the fury
Natural swimming pools : [inspiration for harmony with nature]
Aeration at overflow weirs
Review of tropical reservoirs and their fisheries : the cases of Lake Nasser, Lake Volta and Indo-Gangetic Basin reservoir
Practical projects to make 40 bird boxes, feeders and birdbaths : attract birds to your garden by creating nest boxes, roosts, birdhouses, dovecotes, tables, feeding stations and birdbaths
Water garden : idea book : ponds & pools, fountains, waterfalls, containers & urns, plants & landscaping
Shear strength of unfilled and rough rock joints in sliding stability analyses of concrete dams
The Holocene development of the Pennala basin, Southern Finland, was studied using lithostratigraphical and biostratigraphical methods, shore level surveys and radiocarbon dating in the areas adjacent to the I Salpausselkä icemarginal formation. The study results give an improved picture of the shoreline displacement and palaeoenvironment of the Pennala basin during the period of 10000-2500 14C yr BP (ca. 11400-2600 cal yr BP).The results indicate that the Ancylus Lake stage in the Pennala basin occurred during the Preboreal and Early Boreal chronozones around 9600-8900 14C yr BP (ca. 10900-10000 cal yr BP). The transgression was followed by a long-term lake phase, which ended, due to overgrowth of the basin, at ca. 2900 14C yr BP (ca. 3000 cal yr BP). The highest Ancylus shoreline in the area is located at 71 m a.s.l. The altitude of the ancient Pennala Lake is located at 68.5 m a.s.l.The Pennala basin and adjacent areas were inhabited by Stone Age dwellers during the Middle Neolithic period. The dated evidence of the Early Mesolithic settlement in the area remains scarce. During the Early Mesolithic period the Pennala basin was a sheltered bay of the Ancylus Lake and during the Middle Neolithic period of settlement ca. 5500-3500 14C yr BP (ca. 6300-3800 cal yr BP) the basin served Neolithic dwellers as a small inland lake.
Coolpools and hot tubs
Mini encyclopedia of garden ponds : how to plan, construct and maintain a vibrant pond that will enhance your garden
Introduction to hydraulics and hydrology : with applications for stormwater management
Brickwork for the garden : including 16 easy-to-build projects
The control of eutrophication of lakes and reservoirs
Mercury in Finnish forest lakes and reservoirs: anthropogenic contribution to the load and accumulation in fish
Consumer agency's guidelines for the promotion of safety at swimming pools and family spas
Outdoors : the garden design book for the twenty-first century
Empirical methods for predicting eutrophication in impoundments. Report 4, Phase 3: Applications manual
Stonescaping idea book
Heat exchangers for heating and sanitary applications : a technical handbook from SWEP
Waterscaping : plants and ideas for natural and created water gardens
Man-made lakes and their social consequences in Finnish Lappland
Pools and spas : Planning, designing, maintaining, landscaping
Splash! : rock and water design in gardens
