http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p447 socialism
socialism
African socialism
Sociology and socialism
The constitution of socialism : speech delivered at the extraordinary eighth Congress of Soviets of the U.S.S.R. November 29, 1936
The state law of the socialist countries
China after socialism : in the footsteps of Eastern Europe of East Asia?
Report of Socialist Party Delegation and Proceedings of the International Socialist Congress at Copenhagen 1910
Social development planning in socialism : an introduction
Based on Walls' long-standing engagement with the Horn of Africa, this book offers a comprehensive and fine-tuned account of the current political landscape of the Somali regions, with a particular focus on Somaliland. It details the country's transition to the current multi-party democracy, and the formation of a hybrid system based on both consensus and representative decision making processes. Somalilanders' impressive ability to manage crises, often at the last moment, and their careful negotiation of nation-state politics and Somali custom are painstakingly examined, offering a powerful counter-narrative to that of the 'failed state' that tends to dominate the region. Walls' analysis of the successes and challenges that lie ahead resonate beyond Somaliland. This book is an essential read for researchers, policy-makers and practitioners with an interest in governance and politics in the region.
Socialist register 1975
The failure of socialism in South Korea : 1945-2007
A short history of socialist money
Declaration of principles on the socialist international : adopted at the XVIII Congress Stockholm, June 20-22, 1989
Freedom and organization 1814-1914
Constructing post-communism : a study in the Estonian social problems discourse
Today's isms : socialism, capitalism, fascism, communism, libertarianism
Dictatorship over needs
Castro and Cuba : from the revolution to the present
Roots of revolution : a history of the populist and socialist movements in nineteenth century Russia
The socialist tradition : Moses to Lenin
Socialist states in the world-system
The summer isles
The politics of democratic socialism : an essay on social policy
Outline history of the Soviet working class : Russian text ed
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Three works by William Morris : a dream of John Ball, the pilgrims of hope, news from nowhere
Women and socialism : class, race, and capital
Socialism and the study of man
Socialist register 1973
Globalisation : a systematic marxian account
Economies under socialism : the Russian case
Socialism : an economic and sociological analysis
Manifesto of the Comunist Party
Holding fast to an image of the past : explorations in the Marxist tradition
Socialism in Cuba
Socialism and the limits of liberalism
The coming peace and social democracy
The communist manifesto
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Socialism without the state
Underdevelopment and the transition to socialism : Mozambique and Tanzania
Report presented by the Social-Democratic Federation to the International Socialist Workers' Congress, held at Zürich, August 6th to 12th, 1893.
Romania on the way of building up the multilaterally developed socialist society. 9, Reports, articles and speeches : August 1973-March 1974
While there had been much radical thought before John Stuart Mill, Joseph Persky argues it was Mill, as he moved to the left, who provided the radical wing of liberalism with its first serious analytical foundation, a political economy of progress that still echoes today. A rereading of Mill's mature work suggests his theoretical understanding of accumulation led him to see laissez-faire capitalism as a transitional system. Deeply committed to the egalitarian precepts of the Enlightenment, Mill advocated gradualism and rejected revolutionary expropriation on utilitarian grounds: gradualism, not expropriation, promised meaningful long-term gains for the working classes. He endorsed laissez-faire capitalism because his theory of accumulation saw that system approaching a stationary state characterized by a great reduction in inequality and an expansion of cooperative production. These tendencies, in combination with an aggressive reform agenda made possible by the extension of the franchise, promised to provide a material base for social progress and individual development. The Political Economy of Progress goes on to claim that Mill's radical political economy anticipated more than a little of Marx's analysis of capitalism and laid a foundation for the work of Fabians and other gradualist radicals in the 20th century. More recently, modern philosophic radicals, such as Rawls, have deep links to this Millean political economy. These links are still worthy of development. In particular, a politically meaningful acceptance of Rawls's radical liberalism waits on a movement capable of re-engineering the workplace in a manner consistent with Mill's endorsement of worker management.
Romania on the way of building up the multilaterally developed socialist society. 17, Reports, speeches, interviews, articles : September 1978-March 1979
The story of Fabian socialism
Discourses of extremity : radical ethics and post-Marxist extravagances
Fundamentals of scientific socialism
Intellectuals should become fighters true to the party and the socialist cause
Address and provisional rules of the International Working Men's Association
The socialist idea : a reappraisal
The book thief
Red plenty
The Origins of the International Socialists
"In this fascinating collection, Neil Davidson explores the nature of the Marxist tradition through a series of essays on individual thinkers. Combining surveys of the careers and figures including Tom Nairn and Alasdair MacIntyre with assessments of important works like Benedict Anderson's Imagined Communities and Isaac Deutscher's biography of Trotsky, and ranging in time from the legacy of Adam Smith to Naomi Klein's analysis of neoliberalism, Davidson argues for a self-reflective form of historical materialism as a necessary intellectual component of the struggle for human liberation"--P. [4] of cover.
This little band of prophets : the British Fabians
Comisco information service
We the living
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Searching for economic reforms : Soviet economists on the  road to perestroika
Before stalinism : the rise and fall of Soviet democracy
Sweden : the middle way : new revised and enlarged edition
Marxism-leninism and our time
The realm of spirit and the realm of Caesar
Socialist register 1974
Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes : crimes and other gross an large scale human rights violations committed during the reign of totalitarian regimes in Europe : cross-national survey of crimes committed and of their remembrance, recognition, redress, and reconciliation : reports and proceedings of the 8 April European hearing on "Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes", organised by the Slovenian Presidency of the Council of the European Union (January-June 2008) and the European Commission
Galbraith, Harrington, Heilbroner : economics and dissent in an age of optimism
Is God happy? : selected essays
The new world of Henri Saint-Simon
Soviet man : the making of a socialist type of personality
The economics of socialism reconsidered
The case against socialism : a handbook for speakers and candidates
The case for socialism
Direct legislation by the people : argument in favour of the motion of the Swiss Organisations to the International Socialist Workers congress 1893.
A history of socialist thought. Vol. 1, Socialist thought : the forerunners 1789-1850
Finnish communism visited
The Soviet regime in Czechoslovakia
Alternatives to capitalism : proposals for a democratic economy
Selected readings from the works of Mao Tsetung
Bureaucratism or workers' power? : fifty years of the Russian revolution : 1917-1967
The universal exception
Socialism and Saint-Simon
American socialists and evolutionary thought, 1870-1920
Socialism in the third world
Reflections on the failure of socialism
A short history of socialism
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
Keep the aspidistra flying
Agrarian socialism : the coöperative commonwealth federation in Saskatchewan : a study in political sociology
On utopian and scientific socialism : articles and speeches
Socialisms : old and new
In Strategy: A History, Sir Lawrence Freedman captures the vast history of strategic thinking, how strategy came to pervade every aspect of our lives. The range of Freedman's narrative is moving from the advanced strategy practiced in primate groups, to the opposing strategies of Achilles and Odysseus in The Iliad, the strategic advice of Sun Tzu and Machiavelli, the great military innovations of Baron Henri de Jomini and Carl von Clausewitz, the grounding of revolutionary strategy in class struggles by Marx, the insights into corporate strategy found in Peter Drucker and Alfred Sloan, and the contributions of the leading social scientists working on strategy today. The core issue at the heart of strategy, the author notes, is whether it is possible to manipulate and shape our environment rather than simply become the victim of forces beyond one's control. Time and again, Freedman demonstrates that the inherent unpredictability of this environment-subject to chance events, the efforts of opponents, the missteps of friends-provides strategy with its challenge and its drama. Armies or corporations or nations rarely move from one predictable state of affairs to another, but instead feel their way through a series of states, each one not quite what was anticipated, requiring a reappraisal of the original strategy, including its ultimate objective. Thus the picture of strategy that emerges in this book is one that is fluid and flexible, governed by the starting point, not the end point.
Football politicized : CSKA Sofia as a tool for ideological hegemony in Socialist Bulgaria
Man and socialism in Cuba
Romania on the way of building up the multilaterally developed socialist society. 6, Reports, speeches, articles : May 1971-February 1972
Choose freedom : the future for democratic socialism
Socialism and American life. Vol. 2, Bibliography : descriptive and critical
The retreat from class : a new "true" socialism
The man in the high castle
Socialist register 1976
Labor and socialism in America
Form and content of immigrant socialist ideology : the case of the Finnish-American left
Women in the Labour and Socialist International : report submitted to the third women's international conference of the L.S.I. and the third congress of the L.S.I. by the secretariat of the L.S.I
Or Orwell : writing and democratic socialism
To the Finland station : a study in the writing and acting of history
From Marx to the market: socialism in search of an economic system
Features of a viable socialism
Jean Jaurès : the inner life of social democracy
Models of democracy
Eleanor Marx : A life
Dynamics of socialism
Socialism : past and future : Michael Harrington
Studies in socialism
National development discourses within the global development hegemony : a case study of the post-2015 consultations in Tanzania
"Red Ellen" Wilkinson : her ideas, movements and world
Romania on the way of building up the multilaterally developed socialist society : reports, speeches, interviews, articles. 16, April-August 1978
Karl Marx : greatness and illusion
Socialism : utopian and scientific
The complete works of Rosa Luxemburg. Volume II, Economic writings 2
The sociology of Marx
Liberation exhibitions as a commemorative membrane of socialist Hungary
The International, 1864-1924 : solidarity of labour
What's left? : radical politics in the postcommunict era
Negotiating normality : everyday lives in socialist institutions
Fabian essays in socialist thought
Romania on the way of building up the multilaterally developed socialist society. 8, Reports, speeches, articles : January 1973-July 1973
Music and revolution : cultural change in socialist Cuba
Flashlights of the Amsterdam International Socialist Congress, 1904
The 10th congress of the Hungarian communist youth union : Budapest, May 29-31, 1981.
Capitalism, socialism and democracy ; with a new introduction by Joseph E. Stiglitz
A Somali nation-state : history, culture and Somaliland's political transition
Human love
Which socialism? : Marxism, socialism and democracy
Socialism and communism
Socialism and bureaucracy
A survey of socialism : analytical, historical, and critical
Socialism : a short history
The "S" word : a short history of an American tradition ... socialism
Socialist International information
Koretsky : the Soviet photo poster : 1930-1984
Adult education and socialist pedagogy
History and Education is a text that engages the history of the global class war, from the United States to the former Soviet Union, from the People's Republic of China to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, in order to contribute to the development of communist pedagogy. Central to this communist pedagogy is the struggle for Native American sovereignty and for the self-determination of oppressed nations within the U.S. Pedagogical theory is mobilized to highlight the centrality of seizing state power in the movement for transforming capitalist production relations and bourgeois society into socialist relations and a communist form of society premised on the self-determination of racial, ethnic, and linguistic minorities. In the process History and Education challenges both the white chauvinism of pure proletarian communists as well as the anti-communism that, for decades, has dominated the Left in general, and the educational Left in particular, especially in the U.S. The book contributes to the current resurgence in the popularity and appeal of socialism as an achievable and necessary internationalist, solidarity-based alternative to capitalism.
Marx after Marx : history and time in the expansion of capitalism
A history of Socialist thought. Vol. 5, Socialism and fascism, 1931-1939
Fin-de-siecle socialism : and other essays
Why you should be a socialist
Gramsci is dead : anarchist currents in the newest social movements
Socialism : what it is and how to get it
The economics of transition : from socialist economy to market economy
Selected works. IV
The concept of socialism
Towards a theory of political art : cultural politics of 'Black Wave' film in Yugoslavia, 1963-1972
History of communism in Europe. Vol. 1.-2010, Politics of memory in post-communist Europe
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Green capitalism : the god that failed
This book brings together life stories from five generations of Balts, living through the diverse and recurring transformations of the twentieth century: occupations, war, independence, totalitarianism, and democratic rule and market economy. The twentieth century history of the Baltic countries has often been deeply tragic. Lying on the coastline of the Baltic Sea, these rather small but strategically well located territories have historically found themselves in the middle of many power struggles between larger states, empires and other power-holders: the Teutonic Knights, Swedish kings, Tsarist Russia, Nazi Germany, the Soviet Union. Today, they are once again forced to stand up to the Russian Federation. Biographical interviewing is a field focused on individuals, and on how those individuals choose to re-create and present their lived lives, make meaning of it through the narratives they tell. To interpret the biographical narrations of Lithuanians, Latvians and Estonians, shaped by complex and controversial historical background, the authors use Pierre Bourdieu's concept of social and cultural capitals, the principles of Erving Goffman's framing analysis and Alessandro Portelli's distinction of private and public spheres, Anton Steen's investigations of post-Socialist elites and Piotr Sztompka's theory of cultural trauma, etc. Given analyses of particular biographical narrations are supplemented by brief historical and sociological overviews, which allow the reader to better understand the contexts of lived lives, and the mental atmosphere in which the interviews were conducted.
Social networks and everyday practices in Russia
Socialist register 1979
Romania on the way of completing socialist construction. [1], Reports, speeches, articles : July 1965-September 1966
History and education : engaging the global class war
The Soviet people - a new historical community
The political economy of progress : John Stuart Mill and modern radicalism
African socialism or socialist Africa?
Socialism and its culture : the prison manuscripts
What is class consciousness?
The Communist manifesto
Communism, socialism and the church : a historical survey
Advertising and socialism : the nature and extent of consumer advertising in the Soviet Union, Poland, Hungary and Yugoslavia
Socialism and American life. Vol. 1
The captive mind
Baltic biographies at historical crossroads
British socialism : an examination of its doctrines, policy, aims and practical proposals
On the Emancipation of Women
Little book of big ideas : politics
Thinkers of the new left
Cuba in transition : crisis and transformation
Cultic revelations : studies in modern historical cult personalities and phenomena
Memorandum on the application of the British Socialist Party for separate affiliation to the International Bureau
The politics of socialism : an essay in political theory
Philosophical foundations of English socialism
Dynamism, rivalry, and the surplus economy : two essays on the nature of capitalism
Selected writings, 1920-1969
The decline of socialism in America 1912-1925
Romania on the way of completing socialist construction. [3], Reports, speeches, articles : January 1968-March 1969
On the economic theory of socialism
Socialist values and time
Strategy : a history
Pastors on the new continent in socialist caricatures
Romania on the way of completing socialist construction. [2], Reports, speeches, articles : September 1966-December 1967
Fabian essays
Collected works
New perspectives on Yugoslavia : key issues and controversies
