http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4474 evolutionism
evolutionism
How to relate science and religion : a multidimensional model
On evolution and fossil mammals
Creation and the God of Abraham
On the origin of species by means of natural selection
The beginning of all things : science and religion
In the light of evolution : essays from the laboratory and field
The natural limits to biological change
Darwin's ghosts : in search of the first evolutionists
One long argument : Charles Darwin and the genesis of modern evolutionary thought
Slanted truths : essays on Gaia, symbiosis, and evolution
Darwinian fairytales : selfish genes, errors of heredity, and other fables of evolution
The evolution wars : a guide to the debates
Theory of evolution - in need of a new synthesis?
What evolution is
Early prediction of reading : phonological awareness and related language and cognitive skills in children with a familial risk for dyslexia
The Hamlyn encyclopedia of prehistoric animals
On the origin of species : by means of natural selection or the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life
"Creatio ex nihilo is a foundational doctrine in the Abrahamic faiths. It states that God created the world freely out of nothing - from no pre-existent matter, space or time. This teaching is central to classical accounts of divine action, free will, grace, theodicy, religious language, intercessory prayer and questions of divine temporality and as such, the foundation of a scriptural God but also the transcendent Creator of all that is"--Provided by publisher.
The triumph of evolution : American scientists and the heredity-environment controversy, 1900-1941
The origin of species
The human foot : a companion to clinical studies
The politically incorrect guide to Darwinism and intelligent design
Missing links : evolutionary concepts & transitions through time
A complex case : a morphosyntactic approach to complexity in early child language
The rough guide to evolution
Charles Darwin
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 4, Omphalos: an attempt to untie the geological knot
Evolution : the first four billion years
Presenting an ardent defence of Charles Darwin's theory of evolution, this book offers a clear and comprehensive exposition of Darwin's thinking. Michael Ruse brings the story up to date, examining the origins of life, the fossil record, and the mechanism of natural selection. Rival theories are explored, from punctuated equilibrium to human evolution (including the recently found 'hobbits', Homo floresiensis). The philosophical and religious implications of Darwinism are discussed, including a discussion of Creationism and its modern day offshoot, Intelligent Design Theory. Ruse draws upon the most recent discoveries, writing with a minimum of jargon in order to appeal to all readers, from professional biologists to those concerned that Darwinism is a naturalistic religion that is forced on school children despite their own Christian convictions. Openly revealing his own beliefs, Ruse presents readers with all the information and critical tools they need to make an informed decision on evolutionary theory.
Ancestral images : the iconography of human origins
Before Darwin : reconciling God and nature
The illustrated Origin of species
The selfish gene
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 3, Geology and mineralogy, considered with reference to natural theology, vol. 2
Evolution of the insects
What is creation science?
Product development and international team management : case: European Project Semester, The Visual Demo Kit
Darwin on trial
Can you believe in God and evolution? : a guide for the perplexed
Nature and nurture : the problem of the future : a presidential address : with two plates of pedigree
Why we lie : the evolutionary roots of deception and the unconscious mind
The origin of humankind
Second nature : economic origins of human evolution
Development, genes and evolution
Creating Physical Education Lessons for Family Childminders
Abusing science : the case against creationism
Primate origins and evolution : a phylogenetic reconstruction
The ancestor's tale : a pilgrimage to the dawn of evolution
Special educational needs in the early years
Evolution from creation to new creation : conflict, conversation, and convergence
The history of life
Darwinism, design, and public education
The evolution of man : a popular scientific study
God, the devil, and Darwin : a critique of intelligent design theory
Making sense of evolution : Darwin, God, and the drama of life
Extinct animals
The return of science : evolution, history, and theory
Key indicators of child and youth well-being : completing the picture
"Creatio ex nihilo is a foundational doctrine in the Abrahamic faiths. It states that God created the world freely out of nothing - from no pre-existent matter, space or time. This teaching is central to classical accounts of divine action, free will, grace, theodicy, religious language, intercessory prayer and questions of divine temporality and as such, the foundation of a scriptural God but also the transcendent Creator of all that is. This edited collection explores how we might now recover a place for this doctrine, and with it, a consistent defence of the God of Abraham in philosophical, scientific, and theological terms. The contributions span the religious traditions of Judaism, Christianity and Islam, and cover a wide range of sources, including historical, philosophical, scientific and theological. As such, the book develops these perspectives to reveal the relevance of this idea within the modern world"--Provided by publisher.
Living Witnesses : Animal Evolution from Pre-history to Today
Giovanni Canestrini : zoologist and Darwinist
Encyclopedia on early childhood development
The nature of selection : evolutionary theory in philosophical focus
Selection in one- and two-locus systems
Origins of mankind [Atk-tallenne]
A case for creation
Evolution : an evolving theory
Climbing mount improbable
Fitness of the cosmos for life : biochemistry and fine-tuning
Origins of life : biblical and evolutionary models face off
The seven daughters of Eve
The discovery of evolution
The natural history reader in evolution
The founders of evolutionary genetics : a centenary reappraisal
The theory of evolution
Mere theology : Christian faith and the discipleship of the mind
Denying evolution : creationism, scientism, and the nature of science
On natural selection
Energy consumption of workstations and external devices in school of business and information technology
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 8, The geological evidences of the antuiqity of man
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
Abstract: The project goal was to provide the PHP software programming course materials, for a company called Viope Solutions Oy and to develop an Eclipse plug-in for the collaboration of Eclipse editor and their server. In this paper, the concept of E-learning system is briefly discussed, and the company's current system is also demonstrated along with the PHP course material that was developed for it. Demonstrating a plug-in that was developed for facilitating this system is also the other purpose. The development of plug-in was proved to be of great importance, because it helps users of this system to use the widely used Eclipse editor to perform programming exercises. The application, therefore, should improve the popularity of the company and increase their efficiency. The proposed solution is based on our experience as students on the editor and on the fact that it is a well known one. By the help of this project, it was proved that it is possible to integrate the Eclipse editor with the current system by developing a plug-in for it, which in turn yields a great result.
Science on trial : the case for evolution
No free lunch : why specified complexity cannot be purchased without intelligence
Thomas Huxley : making the "man of science"
Systematics and the fossil record : documenting evolutionary patterns
Wonderful life : the Burgess Shale and the nature of history
Forbidden archeology : the hidden history of the human race
Virtual courses on sustainable development in Baltic universities : considerations and recommendations for action
The origin of species revisited : the theories of evolution and of abrupt appearance. Volume 1, Science
Individual development and evolution : the genesis of novel behavior
Charles Darwin and the evolution revolution
Darwin's sacred cause : how a hatred of slavery shaped Darwin's views on human evolution
Of pandas and people : the central question of biological origins
"The book is a collection of Bamberger's papers from 1970 to 2010."
By design or by chance?
Twin-singleton differences among ESL students : a study of affective and cognitive factors at the age of 12
Beyond design -- Darwin's dangerous idea -- Theology since Darwin -- Darwin's gift to theology -- Religion, evolution, and information -- A god for evolution -- Evolution, tragedy, and cosmic purpose -- Religion, ethics, and evolution -- Evolution, ecology, and the promise of nature -- Cosmic evolution and divine action -- Darwin and God after Dover -- Conclusion.
The Darwinian revolution : science red in tooth and claw
Intensive interventions for students struggling in reading and mathematics : a practise guide
Social Darwinism in American thought
Shattering the myths of Darwinism
Introducing evolution
This collection of critical essays, originally published in "Pragmatics and Society" 1:2 (2010), discusses how normative biases that shape our relation to the world are constructed through discursive practice in media discourse. The intertextual perspective it adopts is crucial for our understanding of how media representations of speakers and languages shape many of our preconceptions of others. Mediatization is inherently intertextual; the very nature of this process involves extracting the speech behavior of particular speakers or groups from a highly specific context and refracting and reshaping it to be inserted in another stream of representation. The notion of intertextuality becomes a useful concept for the linguistic anthropological study of media discourse in the context of modernity, as it provides us with a tool for exploring the semiotic processes that underlie the way in which the media negotiate and reinscribe the complex relationships of identity that characterize late modern subjecthood.
In search of deep time : beyond the fossil record to a new history of life
Revolutions in the earth : James Hutton and the true age of the world
Input and interaction in deaf families
Male, female : the evolution of human sex differences
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 1, Essays on the theory of the earth
Intelligent thought : science versus the intelligent design movement
Fossils : the evolution and extinction of species
Psychology & evolution : the origins of mind
Atlas of creation. 2
Your inner fish : the amazing discovery of our 375-million-year-old ancestor
Evolution and creationism : a documentary and reference guide
Ethology and human development
Towards science education for sustainable development in developing countries : a study of Ethiopia, Ghana and Nigeria
God after Darwin : a theology of evolution
The sea and the origin of life = o mar e a origem da vida
God and evolution : fundamental questions of Christian evolutionism
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 9, Part I: Contributions to the theory of natural selection [by] Alfred Russell Wallace. Part II: On the tendency of species to form varieties [by] Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace
The origin of species : by means of natural selection or the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life
Discovering the musical mind : a view of creativity as learning
Original selfishness : original sin and evil in the light of evolution
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
The evolution controversy in America
Forerunners of Darwin 1745-1859
Science and earth history : the evolution/creation controversy
Contributions to the study of the theory of selection. 2, The problem of ornithophily
Sacred Gaia : holistic theology and earth system science
How humans evolved
Darwinism and its discontents
There is a mystery surrounding Darwin: How did this quiet, respectable gentleman, a pillar of his parish, come to embrace one of the most radical ideas in the history of human thought? Darwin risked a great deal in publishing his theory of evolution, so something very powerful--a moral fire--must have propelled him. That moral fire, argue authors Desmond and Moore, was a passionate hatred of slavery. They draw on a wealth of fresh manuscripts, correspondence, notebooks, diaries, and even ships' logs to show how Darwin's abolitionism had deep roots in his mother's family and was reinforced by his voyage on the Beagle as well as by events in America. Leading apologists for slavery in Darwin's time argued that blacks and whites were separate species, with whites created superior. Darwin believed that the races belonged to the same human family, and slavery was therefore a sin.--From publisher description.
The origin of species : by means of natural selection = The preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life
The naked ape
Quakers, Jews, and science : religious responses to modernity and the sciences in Britain, 1650-1900
Product development and international team managemen : case: European Project Semester, The Visual Demo Kit
Evolution and creation : a European perspective
On the origin of species : by means of natural selection, or, The preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life
How to be a home economics teacher
Norwegian support to Bunda College of Agriculture - phase II : an evaluation
Genomic analysis of A(HIN1)pdm09 influenza virus in Finland
Atlas of creation. Vol. 2
The origin of species revisited : the theories of evolution and of abrupt appearance. Volume 2, Philosophy of science, philosophy of religion, history, education, and constitutional issues
Evolution : the remarkable history of a scientific theory
Darwin the writer
From complexity to life : on the emergence of life and meaning
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 5, On the origin of species
Darwin's theory of natural selection : British responses 1859-1871
Darwin's enormous cultural success depended as much on the construction of his argument and the artistry of his language as it did on the power of his ideas. By exploring Darwin as a writer as well as a scientist, this book transforms our understanding of him, giving us a Darwin who is comic rather than tragic and ebullient rather than austere.
Evolutionary theory and Victorian culture
Client side collaboration of eLearning platform and integrated development environment
Icons of evolution : science or myth? : why much of what we teach about evolution is wrong
Evolutionary relationships among protozoa
The evolution-creation struggle
Blue twilight : nature, creationism and American religion
Life's solution : inevitable humans in a lonely universe
Darwin and the modern world view : the Rockwell lectures, Rice University
Invertebrates
On evolution : the development of the theory of natural selection
The origin of species by means of natural selection, or, The preservation of favored races in the struggle for life
Associations between age and cognitive foundation skills in the Nordic countries : a closer look at the data
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 2, Geology and mineralogy, considered with reference to natural theology, vol. 1
The Neandertal enigma : solving the mystery of modern human origins
When all the gods trembled : Darwinism, Scopes, and American intellectuals
Not from the apes
The fracture of an illusion : science and the dissolution of religion : Frankfurt Templeton Lectures 2008
Religion and science: an introduction
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 6, Palaeontology
Indicators of child and youth well-being are indispensable tools for improving the lives of children. In this book, the nation's leading development researchers review the recent progress made in the measurement, collection, dissemination, and use of indicators of child and youth well-being. In addition, they identify opportunities for future research to expand and improve on the indicator data available, so as to develop greater measures of positive development. The first eleven chapters cover key indicators in the areas of health, education, social, and emotional development and then social context indicators of the family, peers, school, and the community. The book then goes on to demonstrate the use of indicators for influencing policy at the state and local levels. One chapter discusses how social indicators were used to guide welfare reform and another recounts the use of the indicators to guide local planning. The volume concludes with a discussion of summary indices of well-being and the methodological challenges of constructing such indices. Written in an accessible manner for policy makers, practitioners, and researchers concerned with children's well-being, including experts in developmental, social, community, and educational psychology, the book also serves as a supplementary text in public policy and the social sciences. The policy chapters will be of particular interest to those who use child and youth indicators to guide policy development.
The last Neanderthal : the rise, success, and mysterious extinction of our closest human relatives
Spontaneous focusing on numerosity in the development of early mathematical skills
Taking Darwin seriously : a naturalistic approach to philosophy
Breaking down barriers : teaching to learn and learning to teach in a music conservatory's outreach program
Evolution versus creationism : the public education controversy
On the origin of species : a facsimile of the first edition with an introduction by Ernst Mayer
Darwin and God
