http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4472 permissive upbringing
permissive upbringing
Nordic lights : education for nation and civic society in the Nordic countries, 1850-2000
Leisure time education : a handbook of creative activities for teachers and group leaders
Abstract.
Summary (s. 11-24).
The new Summerhill
The pedagogy of lifelong learning : understanding effective teaching and learning in diverse contexts
The complete handbook for family life ministry in the church
No more failures : ten steps to equity in education
A study on the promotion of adults' oral English communication and teacher development in liberal and tertiary education
The learning society : challenges and trends
Intergenerational transfer of sabbath observance : how is religious tradition transferred to children among Finnish seventh-day adventists?
LEIF : life and education in Finland
Evidence-based practices and programs for early childhood care and education
Studying autonomous motives in physical education and leisure time contexts
Non-formal education through outdoor activities guide
"Famous Brazilian educational and social theorist Paulo Freire presents his ideas on the importance of community solidarity in moving toward social justice in schools and society. In a set of talks and interviews shortly before his death, Freire addresses issues not often highlighted in his work, such as globalization, post-modern fatalism, and the qualities of educators for the 21st century. His illuminating comments are supplemented with commentaries by other well-known scholars, such as Ana Maria Araujo Freire, Norman Denzin, Henry Giroux, and Donaldo Macedo"--
Food and the self : consumption, production and material culture
Learning challenges of NGOs in development : co-operation of Finnish NGOs in Morogoro, Tanzania
The goddess guide : from the practical to the frivolous, the fun to the profound, the stylish to the surprising..
Today and tomorrow in European adult education : a study of the present situation and future developments
Adult education in the perspective of the learners
Responding to the challenges of a changing world : an overview of liberal adult education in Finland
Young people, leisure and place : cross cultural perspectives
Effective leadership in adventure programming
Sustainable development in schools and educational institutions?
Play and recreation for the open country
Summerhill and A. S. Neill
Free-choice learning and the environment
Pentecostal formation : a pedagogy among the oppressed
Grundtvig's educational ideas in Central and Eastern Europe and the Baltic States in the twentieth century
Tales of a hippy kid : road trippin' and skinny dippin'
Adult and continuing education : major themes in education. Vol. 2, Liberal adult education (Part 2)
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
Developing the curriculum with NGOs
Popular education : engaging the academy : international perspectives
Improving financial education and awareness on insurance and private pensions
By the people, for the people: the  tradition, the states of art and the future prospects of Finnish liberal adult education
Global tourism : the next decade
Give Me a Re•s8n: Three Cycles of Dialogical Art-based Action Research to Support a Community of Volunteers Who Work With Migrants
Learning and living, 1790-1960 : a study in the history of the English adult education movement
Boundaries with kids : when to say yes, when to say no to help your children gain control of their lives
Personal growth through adventure
The teaching church : moving Christian education to center stage
Human rights education in Finland
The granulite complex and adjacent rocks in Lapland, northern Finland
Effectiveness of adult education : historical and evaluative studies in Finland
Combating social exclusion in university adult education
Education for sustainable development in Finland
Free-choice science education : how we learn science outside of school
Parents in pain : a book of comfort and counsel
Routledge international handbook of outdoor studies
Service learning : ninety-sixth yearbook of the National Society for the Study of Education, part 1
Service-learning and social entrepreneurship connect students to communities through courses and campus-based opportunities. Each offers students active learning opportunities tied to community engagement and problem solving. Enos presents strategies for creating campus-based programs that educate students for twenty-first century citizenship.
Teaching with spiritual power : developing the relationship that makes all the difference
Breaktime and the school : understanding and changing playground behaviour
Service-learning and social entrepreneurship in higher education : a pedagogy of social change
Childhood in the promised land : working-class movements and the colonies de vacances in France, 1880-1960
Recreation in a school for the blind / : by O. H. Burritt
Principles and practice of informal education : learning through life
The complete guide to religious education volunteers
Pedagogy of solidarity
Proceedings of the European Syposium on Voluntary Associations. Volume 1, Issues of education and society
Popular education and social change in Latin America
Understanding Japanese society
Radical education : a critique of freeschooling and deschooling
Learn to discern
Leadership handbooks of practical theology
Joined-up youth research, policy and practice : a new agenda for change?
Adult and continuing education : major themes in education. Vol. 1, Liberal adult education (Part 1)
Serving the community : guidelines for setting up a service-learning program
The design of education
Pedagogy of the heart
Summary: Secondary school pupils' physical activity and leisure-time sports.
The Ministry of religious education
Adult education evaluation strategy
Parenting in the pew : guiding your children into the joy of worship
Promoting health at the community level
Working in post-compulsory education
Summary.
Cowstails and Cobras II : a guide to games, initiatives, ropes courses & adventure curriculum
Portuguese popular associations for development. by Johan Norbeck
Youth and life management : research perspectives
Ninth graders' values, goals and views about learning and school : a comparative analysis in three countries: Finland, Russia, Estonia
Multicultural service learning : educating teachers in diverse communities
More words in edgeways : rediscovering adult education
Learning in social action : a contribution to understanding informal education
Knowledge is power! : the rise and fall of European popular educational movements, 1848-1939
Popular education, power and democracy : Swedish experiences and contributions
The teaching ministry of the church : integrating biblical truth with contemporary application
Educating humanity : Bildung in postmodernity
Reconciling liberal and vocational education : report of the European Union Leonardo da Vinci research project on promoting the attractiveness of vocational education (PAVE)
Handbook of counselling
Abstract: Openly committed : mission in Christian education and voluntary work.
Power, meaning, and identity : essays in critical educational studies
