http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4471 irrigation methods
irrigation methods
Farming practices and crop production : an exploratory study of farming strategies vs. maizeproduction in Makanya village, Tanzania
Introduction to horticulture
Proceedings of The Third International Symposium on Irrigation of Horticultural Crops : Estoril (Lisbon), Portugal 28 June - 2 July, 1999 : vol. 1 & 2
Towards Ecologically Sound Fertilization Strategies for Field Vegetable Production : proceedings of the International Symposium : Perugia, Italy, June 7-10, 2004
State of the world 2011 : innovations that nourish the planet : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
Guidelines on spate irrigation
Drip irrigation for every landscape and all climates : helping your garden flourish, while conserving water!
Regreening Australia : caring for young trees 2
The efficient use of water in irrigation : principles and practices for improving irrigation in arid and semiarid regions
"This publication fills a void of practical guidelines for the construction of small earth dams. It presents readers with sound, reliable and practical source material to improve dam siting and design capacity in rural areas, to introduce a beneficiary and gender sensitive approach and to enhance safety and competence in construction. A section also provides convenient guidance on costing, drafting tenders and awarding contracts. The manual is primarily aimed at technicians and others with knowledge of engineering and basic irrigation systems and processes to apply the concepts, techniques and methods proposed, using simple and straightforward design and construction procedures."--Publisher's description.
GrowerTalks on structures and equipment
Constantinople to Cordoba : dismantling ancient architecture in the East, North Africa and Islamic Spain
Mist propagation and automatic watering
"A survey of the various ways in which the extensive remains of ancient architecture were reused or destroyed in the crescent from Greece and Turkey through Syria, Palestine, North Africa to Islamic Spain. The book complements and echoes some of the themes in the author's "Marble Past, Monumental Present" (2009). Offering a large number of varied examples, it examines how the ancient landscape was transformed - towns, roads and ports, fountains and waterways, tombs, palaces, villas and inscriptions. It then addresses reuse in churches, mosques and other structures, dealing also with collectors and museum-builders. Also considered are the dismantling and transport of the often massive blocks, and the superstitions surrounding antiquities which contributed to their continuing renown or to their destruction."--Publisher's website.
Surface irrigation : systems and practice
Helping families with troubled children : a preventive approach
Handbook on pressurized irrigation techniques
Water Recycling and Energy Management in Virolan Puutarha
Deficit irrigation practices
Decentralised planning and development : new directions
Locally managed irrigation systems : essential tasks and implications for assistance, management transfer and turnover programs
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Managing Greenhouse Crops in Saline Environment : Pisa (Italy), 9-12 July 2003
The management of water quality and irrigation technologies
Performance analysis of on-demand pressurized irrigation systems
Landscape irrigation design
Water measurement manual : a manual pertaining primarily to measurement of water for irrigation projects
The decline of Iranshahr : irrigation and environments in the history of the Middle East, 500 B.C. to A.D. 1500
Farmers organizing farmers : a methodological study of farmer irrigators' organization program in the Philippines
Ball redbook. Volume 1, Greenhouses and equipment
Irrigation with treated sewage effluent : management for environmental protection
Water harvesting for resilience building in the Sahel : on-farm supplemental irrigation and soil fertility management for dry spell mitigation of sorghum
A compilation of trickle irrigation papers
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Growing Media : Angers, France
Proceedings of the Fourth International Symposium on Irrigation of Horticultural Crops : Davis, California, September, 1-6, 2003
Manual on small earth dams : a guide to siting, design and construction
Covering ground : communal water management and the state in the Peruvian Highlands
A compilation of sprinkler irrigation papers
Irrigation in Southern and Eastern Asia in figures : AQUASTAT survey - 2011
Drip irrigation
Drip and micro irrigation for trees, vines, and row crops : design and management (with special sections on SDI)
Response of cowpea (Vigna unguiculata L. Walp) to methods and levels of irrigation under varying fertilizer levels in a semi-arid region of Nigeria
Runoff water as a soil forming factor in arid zones
Greenhouses : advanced technology for protected horticulture
Arid zone irrigation. edited by B. Yaron, E. Danfors and Y. Vaadia
Drainage principles and applications
