http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4484 jazz
jazz
Race music : black cultures from bebop to hip-hop
Decca Studios and Klooks Kleek : West Hampstead's musical heritage remembered
Jazz and its discontents : a Francis Davis reader
Blues people : Negro music in white America
What is this thing called jazz? : African American musicians as artists, critics and activists
Jelly Roll, Bix, and Hoagy : Gennett Studios and the birth of recorded jazz
The story of Moses
A Chromatic approach to jazz harmony and melody
The Invisible Session
Guitar masters : intimate portraits
Round silence
Invitation to openness : the jazz and soul photography of Les McCann 1960-1980
Keep it to yourself
Spring is here
Dance to the drums again
What I am : vocal, bass, piano and friends
Rhythm-a-ning : jazz tradition and innovation in the '80s
The Language of jazz
Irish heart
Jazz records 1942-1967. Vol. 4b: Goo - Iwr
The Savoy Label : A Discography
The Immigrants
Eric Dolphy : a musical biography and discography
The Complete Dinah Washington 12
Cat Lee & Co
Essential jazz : the first 100 years
More John Coltrane for lovers
Somewhere called home
Mingus, a critical biography
Long as you're living
Celebrating its 20th anniversary, the House of Blues is an institution in music history. Since opening its doors in 1992 in a converted historical house in Cambridge, Massachusetts, it has been home to live music, original folk art, and delta-inspired cuisine. Today, House of Blues boasts thirteen unique venues across the country, with its headquarters in Los Angeles, California. Countless famous musicians have performed on those stages, from the Blues Brothers, Bootsy Collins, Al Green, and Eric Clapton, to Lenny Kravitz, 50 Cent, and Snoop Dogg. Concertgoers, music fans, and pop culture junkies alike will dig this illustrated account of the story behind the music. Chapters explore the venues, musicians, performances, and food, providing readers with a backstage pass to everything House of Blues. Personal interviews with company founders and famous musicians tell the story, revealing behind the scenes details and outrageous party anecdotes. Vivid photography showcases iconic performers on stage as well as in private moments in dressing rooms. Tucked among the pages are concert memorabilia, including special reproductions of tickets, posters, etc.
A night in Copenhagen
An endeavor by Harlem dancers to achieve equality : the recognition of the Harlem-based African-American jazz dance between 1921 and 1943
Rivertime
Sonny's time now
Jazz records 1942-1962. Vol. 8: Te - Z
Like young : jazz and pop, youth and middle age
Waiting for the sun : a rock 'n' roll history of Los Angeles
Dizzy Gillespie : the man who changed my life
Jazz in print (1856-1929) : an anthology of selected early readings in jazz history
Riding on a blue note : jazz and American pop
Classical & Jazz Saxophone : Two Faces of the Same Instrument
Jazz records 1942-1962. Vol. 2: Bl - Co
Hypnotic drugstore : alternative mix
The Fretless Bass
Lester leaps in : the life and times of Lester "Pres" Young
Abbey is blue
New musical figurations : Anthony Braxton's cultural critique
Traveling the spaceways
Informal in Formal : the Relationship of Informal and Formal Learning in Popular and Jazz Music Master Workshops in Conservatoires
Bird lives : the high life and hard times of Charlie (Yardbird) Parker
Voices in jazz guitar : great performers tell about their approach to playing
Night mood
Chants
Good time! : improve your time & harmonic awareness
Jazz records 1897-1942. Volume 2 : Abe Lyman to Bob Zurke
The Great jazz pianists : speaking of their lives and music
Head hunters : the making of jazz's first platinum album
Check your head at the door
Satchmo blows up the world : jazz ambassadors play the Cold War
Atlantic Records : A Discography. Volume 3
When you wish upon a star : A jazz visit to the world of Disney
Saying something : jazz improvisation and interaction
The Negro and his music
Early jazz-rock : the music of Miles Davis, 1967-72
Suite for the green eighties
Blue Nippon : authenticating jazz in Japan
Black beauty, white heat : A pictorial history of classic jazz 1920-1950
On the periphery : David Sylvian : a biography
Le jazz : jazz and music criticism in France
The Complete Dinah Washington 7
Song on my lips : jazz greats were my mentors
Satchmo : the genius of Louis Armstrong
Season of changes
Lennie and Ornette : searching for freedom in improvisation : observations on the music of Lennie Tristano and Ornette Coleman
Kind of blue
Jazz records 1942-1962. Vol. 1: A - Bl
My mind
Love goes to buildings on fire : five years in New York that changed music for ever
Coast to coast : album cover art from New York to Los Angeles
The masters of bebop : a listener's guide
Waiting for the man : the story of drugs and popular music
The Complete Dinah Washington 9
The case of the 3 sided dream in audio color
Guitar Player 1983. II
Blue notes in black and white : photography and jazz
The present article will examine informal learning in popular and jazz music education in Finland  and evaluate it as a part of formal upper secondary vocational musicians' training, which is typically  teacher directed. It is not necessarily the best model of working in popular and jazz music learning,  which has traditionally benefitted from learning in informal playing situations. This article examines  workshops which were implemented as joint efforts with professional musicians. The adoption of  this model is proposed for realizing informal learning in the field. This kind of approach is quite  new in music education, and the research on the theme is still scarce. The findings of present  research show that in workshops there appears multi-level learning which develops musicianship.  Music schools and institutions should recognize the potential of informal learning, and the teachers  should develop learning environments which can benefit from it. The choice of music to be played,  learning from playing experiences, and the evaluation of learning outcomes are to a great extent  within students' responsibilities. Carrying them out requires responsible and initiative action,  problem-solving skills, communication skills, and readiness to reflect experiences.
50 unsung heroes of the guitar
The color of jazz : race and representation in postwar American culture
Atlantic Records : A Discography. Volume 4
The best things in life
Stan Getz : an annotated bibliography and filmography with song and session information for albums
Chico & Rita
Miracles : alternative version
Paint the stars
A zongora-improvizáció szerepe és széleskörű alkalmazása a barokk és jazz harmónia tanításában – egy doktori kutatás eredményei. = The role of piano improvisation in teaching harmony, using combined materials selected from the Baroque period and jazz standard repertoire: towards a comprehensive approach – main findings of PhD research
Zappa and jazz : Did it really smell funny, Frank?
Individually twisted
Wes Montgomery : For all instruments
Jazzwomen : conversations with twenty-one musicians
Jazz styles : history and analysis
Jazz for dummies
Music of the Moscow circus
Jazz consciousness : music, race, and humanity
Call of the wild
Jazz records 1942-1962. Vol. 5: M - N
Guitar Player 1984. I
Life is a gift : the zen of Bennett
Country libations
House of Blues : a backstage pass to the artists, music & legends
Beneath the underdog
Weather Report : electric red
Jazz : the basics
Lennie and Ornette searching for freedom in improvisation : observations on the music of Lennie Tristano and Ornette Coleman
The Jazz Palace : a novel
The Prestige Label : A Discography
Sarah Vaughan at Mister Kelly's
Social sketches
Freedom is, freedom ain't : jazz and the making of the sixties
That's got 'em : the life and music of Wilbur C. Sweatman
John Coltrane
And they all sang : the great musicians of the 20th century : talk about their music
Sounds like London : 100 years of black music in the capital
Thinking in jazz : the infinite art of improvisation
Real song
Uptown
Patterns for jazz : for treble clef instruments
Atlantic Records : A Discography. Volume 2
Knowing jazz : community, pedagogy, and canon in the information age
Deep city blues
Jazz research and the moments of change
Groovin' jazz for all instrumentalists
Glorious days and nights : a jazz memoir
We want Miles
Ragtime song and dance
New vocal techniques for jazz & modern music
The Velvet Lounge : on late Chicago jazz
Blow thru your mind
Fats Waller [Giants of jazz]
Backbone of night
Introducing Roland Kirk
Examines the history of the Negro in America through the music he created.
Devil's got your tongue
The joy of music
Purple night
Play the music of...Randy Brecker : jazz play-a-long for all musicians
Basic jazz on long play
To a young jazz musician : letters from the road
Walkin' with the Wazmo
The birth of bebop : a social and musical history
The Complete Dinah Washington 10
Charlie Christian : solo flight : the story of the seminal electric guitarist
Swing to bop - hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
How can I get to Mars?
The path
Jazz records 1942-1962. Vol. 7: S - Te
Jazz and death : medical profiles of jazz greats
I'm coming home
Jazz from the beginning
Black music
Tijuana moods : the complete edition
All the things you are & more Jerome Kern songs
The uncrowned king of swing : Fletcher Henderson and big band jazz
Begin the beguine
100 best of Blue Note
Brecker and Patterns : an analysis of Michael Brecker's melodic and instrumental devices
Hotel on the corner of Bitter and Sweet : a novel
Pops : the wonderful world of Louis Armstrong
Miles to go, the lost years : an intimate memoir of life on the road with Miles Davis 1973-1983
Analyzing jazz : a Schenkerian approach
Beneath the neon egg
Atlantic Records : A Discography. Volume 1
You Gotta Pay The Band
Django Reinhardt : know the man, play the music
Tampere Jazz Happening
Guitar Player 1988. II
Different every time : the authorised biography of Robert Wyatt
The virgin chronicles and song book : poetry, prose & songs
John Coltrane : his life and music
Roscoe Mitchell and the Sound and Space Ensembles
Playing to the camera : musicians and musical performance in documentary cinema
Jazz style in Kansas City and the Southwest
World on a string : a musical memoir
Jazz records 1897-1942. Volume 1 : Irving Aaronson to Abe Lyman
Jazz A-B-Z! : an A to Z collection to jazz portraits
Snapshots
Celebrating Bird : the triumph of Charlie Parker
Louisiana music : a journey from R & B to zydeco, jazz to country, blues to gospel, Cajun music to swamp pop to carnival music and beyond
Jazz matters : reflections on the music and some of its makers
Guitar Player 1984. II
This will end in tears : the miserabilist guide to music
Eric Dolphy : a musical biography and diskografia
Early Jazz-Rock : the music of Miles Davis, 1967-72
Jazz in the bittersweet blues of life
Duke Ellington : music is my mistress
Jazz comping for fingerstyle guitar
Giant steps : bebop and the creators of modern jazz 1945-65
The World is falling down
Jelly's blues : the life, music, and redemption of Jelly Roll Morton
One o'clock jump : the unforgettable history of the Oklahoma City Blue Devils
Duke Ellington and his world : a biography
Mellow mama
Jazz : body and soul : photographs and recollections
Songs from the sunken planet
Clark : the autobiography of Clark Terry
Music is my mistress
'bout soul
Jazz & the Germans : essays on the influence of "hot" American idioms on the 20th-century German music
Jazz in the charts : accompanying book = Begleitbuch : complete index for the 100 CD series - 2211 tracks = komplettes Register zur 100 CD Serie - 2211 Tracks
Guitar Player 1988. I
Jazz ear training : For all musicians : for all levels
A trumpet around the corner : a story of New Orleans jazz
