http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4482 blues (Afro-American music)
blues (Afro-American music)
Play on : now, then & Fleetwood Mac : the autobiography
The blues
Willie Dixon : preacher of the blues
Portrait of the blues
Legends of the blues
50 unsung heroes of the guitar
Better off with the blues
You can't teach an old dog new tricks
Ruby electric
You can always turn around
Me and the devil blues : the unreal life of Robert Johnson. 1
The autobiography
The essence of Bessie Smith : featuring 46 of her greatest recordings
The raven boys
Guitar World Presents : Stevie Ray Vaughan
Fleetwood Mac : the definitive history
So many roads : an anthology 1964-1974
Rythm oil : a journey through the music of the American South
The new blue music : changes in rhythm & blues, 1950-1999
Slow burnin' fire
Specialty profiles
Maybe (I gotta make some music)
Breaking the rules
Son of Skip James
Who was the greatest of all American guitarists? You probably didn't name Gary Davis, but many of his musical contemporaries considered him without peer. Bob Dylan called Davis one of the wizards of modern music. Bob Weir of the Grateful Dead--who took lessons with Davis--claimed his musical ability transcended any common notion of a bluesman. And the folklorist Alan Lomax called him one of the really great geniuses of American instrumental music, a man who belongs in the company of Louis Armstrong. But you won't find Davis alongside blues legends Robert Johnson and Mississippi John Hurt in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Nor did he make Rolling Stone 's 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time.Despite almost universal renown among his contemporaries, Davis lives today not so much in his own work but through covers of his songs by Dylan, Jackson Browne, and many others, as well as in the untold number of students whose lives he influenced--many of whom continue to teach his techniques today. The first biography of Davis, Say No to the Devil restores the Rev's remarkable story. Drawing on extensive research and interviews with many of Davis's former students and others who knew him well, music journalist Ian Zack takes readers through Davis's difficult beginning as the blind son of sharecroppers in the Jim Crow South to his decision to become an ordained Baptist minister and his move to New York in the early 1940s, where he scraped out a living singing and preaching on street corners and in storefront churches in Harlem. There, he gained entry into a circle of musicians that included, among many others, Lead Belly, Woody Guthrie, and Dave Van Ronk.He wowed them with his sophisticated guitar technique, which included the ability to mimic an entire marching band. But, in spite of his tremendous musical achievements, Davis never gained broad recognition from an American public that wasn't sure what to make of his trademark blend of gospel, ragtime, street preaching, and the blues. His personal life also was fraught, troubled by struggles with alcohol, women, and deteriorating health. Zack chronicles this remarkable figure in American music, helping us to understand how he taught and influenced a generation of musicians.
Jimmie Vaughan plays blues, ballads & favorites
Bloodshot Eyes
Bluesman : a twelve bar graphic narrative in the key of life and death. book one
Stealing the divil's guitar
JJ Lightning's Growl
Decca Studios and Klooks Kleek : West Hampstead's musical heritage remembered
Nothing but the blues : The music and the musicians
Myself and mine
Lonely teardrops : The Jackie Wilson story
In North Carolina
Red top
White boy singin' the blues : The black roots of white rock
Black & blues
Elongation of Scots pine seedlings under blue light depletion
Africa and the blues
What love will do
South to Louisiana : the music of the cajun bayous
Pinetop Perkins and friends
Live at Sugar Hill. Vol. 2
The real deal
Scorchin' blues
Ain't just temporary
Slowhand : the life & music of Eric Clapton
The B. B. King treasures : photos, mementos & music from B. B. King's collection
Shout, sister, shout! : the untold story of rock-and-roll trailblazer Sister Rosetta Tharpe
Inoculations with the two fungi Heterobasidion parviporum and Ceratocystis polonica were made in two series of progeny tests each containing full-sib families planted at two sites and on grafts of the parents in two seed orchards. Significant variation among families in lesion lengths after inoculation was found for both fungi and a predominantly additive inheritance was indicated. The estimates of narrow sense heritability were 0.13 and 0.22 for H. parviporum and C. polonica, respectively. The estimate of the genetic correlation between the lesion lengths of the two fungi was as low as 0.12. Significant variation in lesion lengths was also found among parental clones, and within ramets of the same clone, in the seed orchards. In one of the series a high positive correlation (r = 0.88) was found between the H. parviporum lesion lengths of the male parents and offspring, but not for the female parents and off-spring. The results confirm earlier conclusions that the genetic variation and heritabilities are large enough for practical breeding for resistance..
Examines the history of the Negro in America through the music he created.
Say No to the devil : the life and musical genius of Rev. Gary Davis
Love is the key
The natural blues and country western harmonica : [a beginner's guide]
Lay my demons down
Sonny Terry's country blues harmonica : by Sonny Terry as told to Kent Cooper
Blues who's who : a biographical dictionary of blues singers
Leave the light on
A songbook of blues music with songs and captioned pictures.
The raven king
Louisiana music : a journey from R & B to zydeco, jazz to country, blues to gospel, Cajun music to swamp pop to carnival music and beyond
Earl Hooker, blues master
Sounds so good to me : The bluesman's story
Mississippi John Hurt : his life, his times, his blues
Outlaws & outcasts
Bare wires
Live at Down Town
Woman with guitar : Memphis Minnie's blues
Jazz masters of New Orleans
National avenue
The complete blue horizon sessions
Dead gods : the 27 club
Searching for Robert Johnson
Heart & soul : a celebration of black music style in America 1930-1975
Cousin Joe : blues from New Orleans
Blues music in the sixties : a story in black and white
78 blues : folksongs and phonographs in the American South
Walking to New Orleans : the story of New Orleans rhythm & blues
Passport to the blues
Kind of blue
The last of Jelly Roll Kings
Bottlenecking and blues guitar : a complete guide to bottleneck slide technique
The original guitar wizard
Unleashed
Six early blues guitarists
The best of the music makers
High G.
Black and white
Spatial variation in the abundance and growth of blue mussels along different gradients of wave exposure, depth and salinity
The Rolling Stone Interviews. Vol. 2 : Edited and with an introduction by Ben Fong-Torres
What's the use of walking if there's a freight train going your way? : black hoboes & their songs : profusely illustrated
Barrelhouse blues : location recording and early traditions of the blues
Deep south piano / story of Little Brother Montgomery
Blues Records 1943 - 1970 : The Bible of the Blues :Volume Two, L to Z
Otis Taylor's contraband
Soul of the man : Bobby Blue Bland
The Kat is back in town
Southern gods
The Truman and Eisenhower blues : African-american blues and gospel songs, 1945-1960
The lost 1973 album
One o'clock jump : the unforgettable history of the Oklahoma City Blue Devils
Other futures for arctic economies? Searching for alternatives to resource extraction
Blues people : Negro music in white America
Bluesman : a twelve bar graphic novel
The giant guitar chord songbook : the unplugged collection
Harmonicas, harps, and heavy breathers : The evolution of the people's instrument
House of Blues : a backstage pass to the artists, music & legends
Stormy Monday : The T-Bone Walker story
Me and the devil blues : the unreal life of Robert Johnson. 2
Stronger every day
Chicago blues : portraits and stories
The blues rolls on
This will end in tears : the miserabilist guide to music
Bluesman. book three
Nothing but the blues : an illustrated documentary
Rough diamond
This time around
Blast off : The best of Anson Funderburgh & The Rockets
Looking for a party
The Chess box
Cat Lee & Co
The bluesman : the musical heritage of black men and women in the Americas
Blues unlimited : essential interviews from the original blues magazine
Hotter than your sauna (live)
Lady Day : the many faces of Billie Holiday
Roosevelt's blues : African-American blues and gospel songs on FDR
Escape from the chicken coop
My cross to bear
Guitar Player presents Clapton, Beck, Page
Feel like going home : portraits in blues & rock 'n' roll
Huey Morgan's rebel heroes : the renegades of music & why we still need them
Allisons' icebreakers
Plays & sings the blues
One man riot
The creation of the small New England town in Alice Hoffman's Massachusetts novels : a cultural imagological study
The essential Jimmy Rushing
Blues - a beautiful thing
Going back home
Goin' back to Memphis : a century of blues, rock 'n' roll and gloriuous soul
The devil's son-in-law : the story of Peetie Wheatstraw & his songs
Guitar masters : intimate portraits
Done somebody wrong
Introduction to the guitar toolbox. Part 1
Composed : a memoir
The Aynsley Dunbar retaliation ; Doctor Dunbar's prescription
Hand me my travelin' shoes : in search of Blind Willie McTell
Confessin' my blues
Blues all day long : the Jimmy Rogers story
The big book of blues : a biographical encyclopedia
Sounds like London : 100 years of black music in the capital
Black River bluesman
Name of the game
BB Wolf and the three LPs
Nobody knows where the blues come from : lyrics and history
Blues guitar for dummies
Kennedy's blues : African-American blues and gospel songs on JFK
Hidden history of Mississippi blues
In search of the blues
Memphis and the Delta blues trail : a complete guide
The mayor of MacDougal Street : a memoir
The complete Blue Horizon sessions
Raw and real
ASPECTS OF THE BLUES TRADITION
Change my game
Blues : keeping the faith
Learn to play harmonica : over 100 illustrated chords for blues, rock, country and soul : [an illustrated beginner's guide to the blues harmonica]
Do I move you?
Celebrating its 20th anniversary, the House of Blues is an institution in music history. Since opening its doors in 1992 in a converted historical house in Cambridge, Massachusetts, it has been home to live music, original folk art, and delta-inspired cuisine. Today, House of Blues boasts thirteen unique venues across the country, with its headquarters in Los Angeles, California. Countless famous musicians have performed on those stages, from the Blues Brothers, Bootsy Collins, Al Green, and Eric Clapton, to Lenny Kravitz, 50 Cent, and Snoop Dogg. Concertgoers, music fans, and pop culture junkies alike will dig this illustrated account of the story behind the music. Chapters explore the venues, musicians, performances, and food, providing readers with a backstage pass to everything House of Blues. Personal interviews with company founders and famous musicians tell the story, revealing behind the scenes details and outrageous party anecdotes. Vivid photography showcases iconic performers on stage as well as in private moments in dressing rooms. Tucked among the pages are concert memorabilia, including special reproductions of tickets, posters, etc.
The history of the blues
The roots of Texas music
It serve you right to suffer
The wheel man
Genetic variation, inheritance patterns and parent-offspring relationships after artificial inoculations with Heterobasidion parviporum and Ceratosystis polonica in Norway spruce seed orchards and progeny tests
Let's move : a heavy blues collection
Toler Townsend Band
Signed, sealed, and delivered : the soulful journey of Stevie Wonder
Texas music
Born lover
King of the blues
THE ROOTS OF THE BLUES
Blues traveling : the holy sites of Delta blues
Cheap
Burning hell
The Blues Is Calling
The B. B. King companion : Five decades of commentary
A right to sing the blues : African Americans, Jews, and American popular song
O' Town grooves
Rat bone
Dislocation blues
Bluesman. book two
Congregation
And they all sang : the great musicians of the 20th century : talk about their music
Sun Records : an oral history
Two of the same kind
Live-storage of Picea abies for two summers after storm felling in Sweden
Ain't bad for a pink : the life of bluesman Pete 'Snakey Jake' Johnson
Rage to survive : the Etta James story
Conversation with the blues
2 man wrecking crew
Blues Boy : the life and music of B.B. King
Children of the blues : 49 musicians shaping a new blues tradition
Walking a blues road : a selection of blues writing 1956-2004
On the road with Janis Joplin
Ain't gonna hush!
