http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p448 left-wing ideology
left-wing ideology leftism
Who were the young leftists? : psychological antecedents of party preferences
Contemporary Latin America : development and democracy beyond the Washington consensus
From revolution to ethics : May 1968 and contemporary French thought
Harold Laski : a life on the left
Baader Meinhof Complex
Great day coming : folk music and the American left
Vladimir Akimov on the dilemmas of Russian marxism, 1895-1903 : the second congress of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party [and] a short history of the social democratic movement in Russia
Left and right in global politics
Political conservatism and left-right orientation in 24 Eastern and Western European countries
Inventing the future : postcapitalism and a world without work
Who is left? : Zionism answers back
Blinded by the right : the conscience of an ex-conservative
Transforming America : politics and culture in the Reagan years
Hegemony and socialist strategy : towards a radical democratic politics
How terrorist campaigns end : the campaigns of the Rode Jeugd in the Netherlands and the Symbionese Liberation Army in the United States
Why America needs a left : a historical argument
Latin America's new left and the politics of gender : lessons from Nicaragua
Social change in the twentieth century
Religion in American politics : a short history
Painting on the left : Diego Rivera, radical politics, and San Francisco's public murals
"India fighting with itself" : discourses on the Naxalite movement in Indian news media
Smears of Red on neoliberal globalisation : a critical discourse analysis of the leftist features in the political ideology of the global justice movement
The United States today cries out for a robust, self-respecting, intellectually sophisticated left, yet the very idea of a left appears to have been discredited.
The Power and the glory
The burden of responsibility : Blum, Camus, Aron, and the French twentieth century
How it all began : the personal account of a West German urban Guerrilla
Visions of progress : the left-liberal tradition in America
Toward a marxist humanism : essays on the left today
Reclaiming Latin America : experiments in radical social democracy
"Can Latin America's "new left" stimulate economic development, enhance social equity, and deepen democracy in spite of the economic and political constraints it faces? This is the first book to systematically examine the policies and performance of the left-wing governments that have risen to power in Latin America during the last decade. Featuring thorough studies of Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, and Venezuela by renowned experts, the volume argues that moderate leftist governments have attained greater, more sustainable success than their more radical, contestatory counterparts. Moderate governments in Brazil and Chile have generated solid economic growth, reduced poverty and inequality, and created innovative and fiscally sound social programs, while respecting the fundamental principles of market economics and liberal democracy. By contrast, more radical governments, exemplified by Hugo Chv̀ez in Venezuela, have expanded state intervention and popular participation and attained some short-term economic and social successes, but they have provoked severe conflict, undermined democracy, and failed to ensure the economic and institutional sustainability of their policy projects"--Provided by publisher.
The radical left : the abuse of discontent
Direct democracy and its crisis : support for direct democracy and ʻstealth̕ democracy in Finland
The novel and the American left : critical essays on Depression-era fiction
The origins of modern leftism
Anarchist seeds beneath the snow : left-libertarian thought and British writers from William Morris to Colin Ward
Left letters : the culture wars of Mike Gold and Joseph Freeman
Radical paradoxes; dilemmas of the American left: 1945-1970
A major new manifesto for a high-tech future free from work  Neoliberalism isn't working. Austerity is forcing millions into poverty and many more into precarious work, while the left remains trapped in stagnant political practices that offer no respite.  Inventing the Future is a bold new manifesto for life after capitalism. Against the confused understanding of our high-tech world by both the right and the left, this book claims that the emancipatory and future-oriented possibilities of our society can be reclaimed. Instead of running from a complex future, Nick Srnicek and Alex Williams demand a postcapitalist economy capable of advancing standards, liberating humanity from work and developing technologies that expand our freedoms.
The future of the left
Radical left parties in Europe
The great debate : Edmund Burke, Thomas Paine, and the birth of right and left
Capital visions : the politics of transnational production in Nicaragua
Radicals in power : the Workers' Party (PT) and experiments in urban democracy in Brazil
The Port Huron statement (1962)
Pessimism of the intellect ? : a History of New Left Review
The thinkers who have been most influential on the attitudes of the New Left are examined in this study by one of the leading critics of leftist orientations in modern Western civilization. Scruton begins with a ruthless analysis of New Leftism and concludes with a critique of the key strands in its thinking. He conducts a reappraisal of such major left-wing thinkers as: E. P. Thompson, Ronald Dworkin, R. D. Laing, Jurgen Habermas, Gyorgy Lukacs, Jean-Paul Sartre, Jacques Derrida, Slavoj Zizek, Ralph Milliband and Eric Hobsbawm. In addition to assessments of these thinkers' philosophical and political contributions, the book contains a biographical and bibliographical section summarizing their careers and most important writings. In Thinkers of the New Left Scruton asks, what does the Left look like today and as it has evolved since 1989? He charts the transfer of grievances from the working class to women, gays and immigrants, asks what can we put in the place of radical egalitarianism, and what explains the continued dominance of antinomian attitudes in the intellectual world? Can there be any foundation for resistance to the leftist agenda without religious faith? Scruton's exploration of these important issues is written with skill, perception and at all times with pellucid clarity. The result is a devastating critique of modern left-wing thinking.
Politics in a time of crisis : Podemos and the future of European democracy
Trinity of passion : the literary left and the antifascist crusade
Relativism and the natural left
The anti-Chomsky reader
Left-wing dramatic theory in the American theatre
"Provides the first historical account in English of the complex interrelations of literature and socialist ideology in colonial Korea. It details the origins, development, and influence of a movement that has shaped twentieth-century Korean politics and aesthetics alike through an analysis that simultaneously engages some of the most debated and pressing issues of literary historiography, Marxist criticism, and postcolonial cultural studies"--Provided by the publisher.
Red scare : memories of the American Inquisition : an oral history
"A personal, narrative work of journalism and cultural analysis, The beautiful and the damned examines India's many contradictions through five individual perspectives."--Publisher's description.
Reaganism, Thatcherism and the social novel
Irving Howe : a life of passionate dissent
Farewell to the leftist working class
This book takes examples from around the world, picking through history and anthropology, showing that people have, in different ways and at different times, demonstrated mutual aid, self-organization, autonomy, horizontal decision making, and so forth--the principles that anarchy is founded on - regardless of whether they called themselves anarchists or not.
Duncan Thompson provides a concise summary of the hitherto neglected history of the New Left Review and its political and intellectual development from 1962 to the present. Perry Anderson, Robin Blackburn et al emerged as the leading figures of a second new left around the New Left Review six years after the new left first emerged in the wake of the Soviet invasion of Hungary and Britain and France's invasion of Suez. He traces NLR's attempts to develop socialist politics, through the 'old' Labour of Harold Wilson, through heady days in 1968, through new Marxist theory, through the Cold War years and into the era of contemporary capitalist globalisation. He surveys the achievements of NLR: a respectable academic reputation has been won, but it has not succeeded in achieving or facilitating the primary goal of the second New Left, that of finding a strategy for transition to socialism.
American night : the literary left in the era of the Cold War
The Baader-Meinhof complex
The radical left and American foreign policy
Revolutionary lives : Anna Strunsky & William English Walling
Fools, frauds and firebrands : thinkers of the new left
The transformation of the Japanese left : from old socialists to new democrats
Civil society and the State in left-led Latin America : challenges and limitations to democratization
The resurgence of the Latin American left
"There is a clear need for a systematic, integrative, and rigorous normative theory of the information society. In this book, Duff offers a prescriptive theory to help to guide the academic and policy communities as they debate the future shape of emerging post-industrial, information-based societies. He argues that information policy needs to become anchored in a left-liberal philosophy which foregrounds a feasible permutation of the core ideals of freedom, equality and brotherhood. The information society, if it is to be worth having at all, cannot be allowed to be largely the outcome of the free play of market forces and technological determinism. The social structure, including the information economy, must be subjected to a regulatory axiological system as explicated by some leading proponents of social democracy"--
Reclaiming the enlightenment : toward a politics of radical engagement
The rise and fall of the American left
Past imperfect : French intellectuals, 1944-1956
Western intellectuals and the Soviet Union, 1920-40 : from Red Square to the Left Bank
A normative theory of the information society
Left hemisphere : mapping critical theory today
Latin America's left turns : politics, policies, and trajectories of change
Endgames : questions in late modern political thought
Hollywood and anticommunism : HUAC and the evolution of the red menace, 1935-1950
The activists : Kurt Hiller and the politics of action on the German left, 1914-1933
If I had a hammer ... : the death of the Old Left and the birth of the New Left
Committed styles' offers a new understanding of the politicized literature of the 1930s and its relationship to modernism. It reclaims a central body of literary and critical works for modernist studies, offering in-depth readings of texts by T.S. Eliot and I.A. Richards, as well as by key left-wing authors including William Empson, David Gascoyne, Charles Madge, Humphrey Jennings, and Edward Upward. Building on substantial new archival research, Benjamin Kohlmann explores the deep tensions between modernist experimentation and political vision that lie at the heart of these works. Taking as its focus the work of these writers, the book argues that the close interactions between literary production, critical reflection, and political activism in the decade shaped the influential view of modernism as fundamentally apolitical. Intervening in debates about the long life of modernism, it contends that we need to take seriously the anti-modernist impulse of 1930s left-wing literature even when attention is paid to the formal complexity of these 'committed' works. The tonal ambiguities which run through the politicised literature of the 1930s thus effect not a disengagement from but a more thorough immersion in the profoundly conflicted political commitments of the decade. At the same time, the study shows that debates about the politics of writing in the 1930s continue to inform current debates about the relationship between literature and political commitment.
Leftist governments in Latin America : successes and shortcomings
The left wing intellectuals between the wars 1919-1939
The Kolkata intellectuals and Bengali modernity
Class politics and the radical right
Dream : re-imagining progressive politics in an age of fantasy
Anarchy works : examples of anarchist ideas in practice
Political correctness and the theoretical struggle : [from Lenin and Mao to Marcuse and Foucault]
The other blacklist : the African American literary and cultural left of the 1950s
Devotedly international - but always wrong : left-wing intellectuals and their orientation toward international progressive culture and literature in the 1930s and 1940s
The conservative turn : Lionel Trilling, Whittaker Chambers, and the lessons of anti-communism
Encyclopedia of politics : the left and the right
The new political culture
Dissident Marxism : past voices for present times
The proletarian wave : literature and leftist culture in colonial Korea, 1910-1945
Frames of war : when is life grievable?
Transformations and crises : the left and the nation in Denmark and Sweden, 1956-1980
Time frames : negotiating cultural history
Mary Helen Washington recovers the vital role of 1950s leftist politics in the works and lives of modern African American writers and artists. While most histories of McCarthyism focus on the devastation of the blacklist and the intersection of leftist politics and American culture, few include the activities of radical writers and artists from the Black Popular Front. Washington's work incorporates these black intellectuals back into our understanding of mid-twentieth-century African American literature and art and expands our understanding of the creative ferment energizing all of America during this period.
"In The Great Debate Yuval Levin explores the origins of the familiar left/right divide in American politics by examining the views of the men who best represent each side of that debate: Edmund Burke and Thomas Paine. In a groundbreaking exploration of the origins of our political order, Levin shows that our political divide did not originate (as many historians argue) in the French Revolution, but rather in the Anglo-American debate about that revolution. Burke and Paine were both utterly fascinating figures--active in politics, versed in philosophy, and two of the best, most effective and powerful political writers and polemicists in the history of the English speaking world. Levin sets the work of these two men against the dramatic history of their era and shows how they mixed theory and practice to advance their very different notions of liberty, equality, nature, history, reason, revolution, and reform. Paine believed in radical change and saw the American and French Revolutions as catalysts for creating a new society; Burke believed in a significantly more gradual approach with each generation acting merely as part of a long chain of history. These differing approaches to revolution and reform created a division that continues to shape our current political discourse--including issues ranging from gun control and abortion to welfare and economic reform"--
Publications of the Institute of General History, University of Turku Finland = Publikationen des Instituts für allgemaine Geschichte, Universität Turku Finland
The death and rebirth of American radicalism
Marxism and democracy in Chile : from 1932 to the fall of Allende
Ayn Rand and Song of Russia : communism and anti-communism in 1940s Hollywood
Latin America's Cold War
Arts of the political : new openings for the left
Media and left
The beautiful and the damned : life in the New India
The rise of the global left : the World Social Forum and beyond
Modern Thai Buddhism and Buddhadāsa Bhikkhu : a social history
The power and the glory
Cuba, the United States, and cultures of the transnational left, 1930-1975
Committed styles : modernism, politics, and left-wing literature in the 1930s
Further notes on young leftists
Politics of fear
