http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4488 irrationality
irrationality
How mumbo-jumbo conquered the world : a short history of modern delusions
Companies of all kinds have fallen into some of the most fundamental of traps when it comes to consumer marketing; in assuming that the motivation that drives their customers is entirely rational. Enrico Trevisan's The Irrational Consumer builds on the ground breaking works on behavioural economics of authors such as Daniel Kahneman and Richard Thaler in order to explain the fundamental drivers of customer decisions and how to incorporate these into your business strategy. Learn how consumers respond to different offer architectures and discounts; why they sometimes struggle to see the wood for the trees in a world of ever-increasing options; what are the rules of thumb they develop for making sense of value. Behavioural economics offers organizations perspectives for engaging with customers, whose views on what to buy are strongly driven by contextual factors, such as the framework and the dynamics of choices. Enrico Trevisan's The Irrational Consumer is your 'must-read' primer to this world.
The 7 laws of magical thinking : how irrational beliefs keep us happy, healthy, and sane
The irrational consumer : applying behavioural economics to your business strategy
Irrational symmetries : the safest place in the world
Critique of information
The march of unreason : science, democracy, and the new fundamentalism
"Psychologists have documented a litany of cognitive biases--misperceptions of the world--and explained their positive functions. Now, Matthew Hutson shows us that even the most hard-core skeptic indulges in magical thinking all the time--and it's crucial to our survival. Drawing on evolution, cognitive science, and neuroscience, Hutson shows us that magical thinking has been so useful to us that it's hardwired into our brains. It encourages us to think that we actually have free will. It helps make us believe that we have an underlying purpose in the world. It can even protect us from the paralyzing awareness of our own mortality. In other words, magical thinking is a completely irrational way of making our lives make rational sense. With wonderfully entertaining stories, personal reflections, and sharp observations, Hutson reveals our deepest fears and longings"--
Free market madness : why human nature is at odds with economics--and why it matters
Essays on investment decisions of individual and institutional investors
The upside of irrationality : the unexpected benefits of defying logic at work and at home
Rationality and irrationality in economics
The broken bubble
The art of thinking clearly
Idiot proof : deluded celebrities, irrational power brokers, media morons, and the erosion of common sense
Mysticism as modernity : nationalism and the irrational in Hermann Hesse, Robert Musil and Max Frisch
The irrational organization : irrationality as a basis for organizational action and change
Predictably irrational : the hidden forces that shape our decisions
Psychologist Daniel Kahneman reveals the truth about our intuitions and rationality to teach us how to better our lives. He explores the fascinating flaws and marvels of human behaviour and reveals to us the common errors in people's beliefs.
Augustan poetry and the irrational
Sway : the irresistible pull of irrational behaviour
Irrationality and the philosophy of psychoanalysis
The modularity of emotions
The 7 laws of magical thinking : how irrationality makes us happy, healthy, and sane
The Art of thinking clearly
Thinking, fast and slow
The stars down to earth and other essays on the irrational in culture / Theodor W. Adorno ; edited and with an introduction by Stephen Crook
The logic of life : the rational economics of an irrational world
Disturbing divine behavior : troubling Old Testament images of God
Resistance and the practice of rationality
