http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4489 rationalism
rationalism
Language and responsibility : based on conversations with Mitsou Ronat
The Oxford handbook of rationality
Logic, rhetoric and legal reasoning in the Qurʾan : God's arguments
Descartes : his moral philosophy and psychology
Re-thinking the cogito : naturalism, reason and the venture of thought
Adorno, Habermas, and the search for a rational society
Ethics
Jugendstil, national romanticism and rationalism (The autonomous grand duchy)
Religion within the boundaries of mere reason : and other writings
Parmenides and The Way of Truth
Putting choice before democracy : a critique of rational choice theory
Rationalism, Platonism and God
Walking the tightrope of reason : the precarious life of a rational animal
Conceptualizing work and changes in organisational paradigms
The true intellectual system of the universe : Faksimile-Neudruck der Ausgabe von London 1678
Central themes in early modern philosophy : essays presented to Jonathan Bennett
Magic, science, religion, and the scope of rationality
Problems from Descartes's theory of truth : misrepresentation, modality, and the Cartesian circle
The atheist's Bible : the most dangerous book that never existed
A companion to rationalism
Descartes and method : a search for a method in Meditations
The Rationalist annual
Rational choice theory : advocacy and critique
Moral dealing : contract, ethics, and reason
The retreat to commitment
Essays on realism and rationalism
Contemporary German legal philosophy
Rationalism in Greek philosophy
The history of philosophy. [Vol. 4], The seventeenth century
The minds of the moderns : rationalism, empiricism and philosophy of mind
Trust within reason
Modern philosophy : an anthology of primary sources
Politica methodice digesta of Johannes Althusius (Althaus)
Leibniz's metaphysics : a historical and comparative study
The LM Ericsson headquarters in 1940 : modernism shaping place
The death of Socrates and the life of philosophy : an interpretation of Plato's Phaedo
The utility function and the emotional well-being function
Objective idealism, ethics, and politics
Individualism and the unity of science : essays on reduction, explanation, and the special sciences
Lectures on philosophical theology
Hegel's Phenomenology. Part 1, Analysis and commentary
Consent in the law
Reason and belief
Confessions of an antinatalist
The philosophy of Jürgen Habermas : a critical introduction
In 1239, Pope Gregory IX accused Frederick II, the Holy Roman Emperor, of heresy. The author tracks the course of the book from its origins in 1239 to its most salient episodes in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. He also sheds light on the persistence of free thought during a time when the outspoken risked being burned at the stake.
The achilles of rationalist psychology
How do institutions steer events? : an inquiry into the limits and possibilities of rational thought and action
Shipwreck and deliverance : politics, culture and modernity in the works of Octavio Paz, Gabriel García Márquez and Mario Vargas Llosa
Vindicating the hearts and minds of women : reason and sensibility in The wrongs of woman, or Maria by Mary Wollstonecraft
Various thoughts on the occasion of a comet
Intermediate groups- voluntary associations, churches, ethnocultural groups, universities, and more-can both protect threaten individual liberty. The same is true for centralized state action against such groups. This wide-ranging book argues that, both normatively and historically, liberal political thought rests on a deep tension between a rationalist suspicion of intermediate and local group power, and a pluralism favorable toward intermediate group life, and preserving the bulk of its suspicion for the centralizing state. The book studies this tension using tools from the history of political thought, normative political philosophy, law, and social theory. In the process, it retells the history of liberal thought and practice in a way that moves from the birth of intermediacy in the High Middle Ages to the British Pluralists of the twentieth century. In particular it restores centrality to the tradition of ancient constitutionalism and to Montesquieu, arguing that social contract theory's contributions to the development of liberal thought have been mistaken for the whole tradition. It discusses the real threats to freedom posed both by local group life and by state centralization, the ways in which those threats aggravate each other. Though the state and intermediate groups can check and balance each other in ways that protect freedom, they may also aggravate each other's worst tendencies. Likewise, the elements of liberal thought concerned with the threats from each cannot necessarily be combined into a single satisfactory theory of freedom. While the book frequently reconstructs and defends pluralism, it ultimately argues that the tension is irreconcilable and not susceptible of harmonization or synthesis; it must be lived with, not overcome.
In praise of reason
Rationalities in history : a Weberian essay in comparison
Life is a mixture of good and bad, or so they say. Trouble is, there's no way to determine where a particular life might fall along fortune's spectrum. For every child born into the lap of luxury, there's another born on the point of a knife. There are no guarantees as to what may transpire as the immediate present unfolds into the uncertain future. Things change in an instant. Two things, however, are certain. Everyone will suffer. And everyone will die. Back to where we came from. Knowing this, and understanding full well that any particular life embodies the potential for experiencing extreme pain and unhappiness unceasing in some cases is procreation really worth the risk? Jim Crawford doesn’t believe it is. In Confessions of an Antinatalist, Crawford reflects on what it means to exist in the belly of a ravening serpent-life whose only prey is itself, and whose teeth are very, very sharp. Jim Crawford writes engagingly, persuasively, and (despite the grim topic) humorously. I hope that Confessions of an Antinatalist will enjoy the wide readership it deserves. –David Benatar, author of Better Never to Have Been: The Harm of Coming into Existence Even if one loathes the idea of antinatalism on its face, the questions that Crawford raises are such that everyone would be well advised to confront, for someday they may be called upon by their offspring to answer them. And Confessions of an Antinatalist dares them to come up with answers they can stand by in good conscience. –Thomas Ligotti, author of The Conspiracy against the Human Race Jim Crawford wishes he'd never been born. If that makes him sound like a bitter, angry misanthrope, he's not (at least, not all the time). Confessions of an Antinatalist is a wry, honest, and open-eyed introduction to a philosophy most people simply refuse to consider. After all, what could be wrong with human existence? Crawford answers clearly: Everything.
The realm of reason
The rationalists: between tradition and innovation
The re-enchantment of the world : secular magic in a rational age
Realistic rationalism
Designing the city of reason : foundations and frameworks
Kant's Critique of Pure Reason
Rationalism, naturalism, and methodological principles
Teleology revisited and other essays in the philosophy and history of science
Rationalität und Irrationalität : Beiträge des 23. Internationalen Wittgenstein Symposiums, 13.-19. August 2000, Kirchberg am Wechsel = Rationality and irrationality : papers of the 23rd International Wittgenstein Symposium, August 13-19, 2000, Kirchberg am Wechsel
The specter of skepticism in the age of Enlightenment
Philosophical writings
Rationality and relativism
Karl Popper's philosophy of science : rationality without foundations
Out of error : further essays on critical rationalism
The philosophical works of Descartes. Vol. 2
The reason why : a theory of philosophical explanation
God and logic in Islam : the caliphate of reason
Rhetoric, reason and society : rationality as dialogue
The foolishness of God : the place of reason in the theology of Martin Luther
A history of Scottish architecture : from the renaissance to the present day
Faith & reason : searching for a rational faith
In defense of intuitions : a new rationalist manifesto
Leibniz and the rational order of nature
The nature of rationality
Women and reason
Self-realization : an outline of ethics
The retreat of reason : a dilemma in the philosophy of life
Rationality and religion : does faith need reason?
Ethics of the great French rationalists
Oppression and responsibility : a Wittgensteinian approach to social practices and moral theory
The history of philosophy. [4], The seventeenth century
Diotima's children : German aesthetic rationalism from Leibniz to Lessing
Leibniz on substances and material things
Leibniz : representation, continuity and the spatiotemporal
Realism, rationalism, surrealism : art between the wars / Briony Fer, David Batchelor, Paul Wood
The republic of science : the emergence of Popper's social view of science 1935-1945
The principles of philosophy
Imagine there's no heaven : how atheism helped create the modern world
Paradox in Christian theology : an analysis of its presence, character, and epistemic status
The ideal of rationality
Who is rational? : studies of individual differences in reasoning
Images of science : scientific practice and the public
Religion and rationality : essays on reason, God, and modernity
Philosophical texts
Rational choice and political power
Sway : the irresistible pull of irrational behaviour
Rationality
"This book investigates the central role of reason in Islamic intellectual life. Despite widespread characterization of Islam as a system of belief based only on revelation, John Walbridge argues that rational methods, not fundamentalism, have characterized Islamic law, philosophy and education since the medieval period. His research demonstrates that this medieval Islamic rational tradition was opposed by both modernists and fundamentalists, resulting in a general collapse of traditional Islamic intellectual life and its replacement by more modern but far shallower forms of thought. However, the resources of this Islamic scholarly tradition remain an integral part of the Islamic intellectual tradition and will prove vital to its revival. The future of Islam, Walbridge argues, will be marked by a return to rationalism"--Provided by publisher.
Understanding empiricism
Reading Parfit
Positive political theory I : collective preference
Rationality : the critical view
The philosophy of Popper
God as reason : essays in philosophical theology
Disenchanting India : organized rationalism and criticism of religion in India
Believing and accepting
Reason and culture : the historic role of rationality and rationalism
In September 2007, more than 100 philosophers came to Prague with the determination to approach Karl Popper's philosophy as a source of inspiration in many areas of our intellectual endeavor. This volume is a result of that effort. Topics cover Popper's views on rationality, scientific methodology, the evolution of knowledge and democracy; and since Popper's philosophy has always had a strong interdisciplinary influence, part of the volume discusses the impact of his ideas in such areas as education, economics, psychology, biology, or ethics. The concept of falsification, the problem of demarcation, the ban on induction, or the role of the empirical basis, along with the provocative parallels between historicism, holism and totalitarianism, have always caused controversies. The aim of this volume is not to smooth them but show them as a challenge. In this time when the traditional role of reason in the Western thought is being undermined, Popper's non-foundationist model of reason brings the Enlightenment message into a new perspective. Popper believed that the open society was vulnerable, due precisely to its tolerance for otherness. This is a matter of great urgency in the modern world, as cultures based on different values gain prominence. The processes related to the extending of the EU, or the increasing economic globalization also raise questions about openness and democracy. The volume's aim is to show the vitality of critical rationalism in addressing and responding to the problems of this time and this world.
Is rationality possible without action?
Farewell to reason
Levinas beyond the horizons of Cartesianism : an inquiry into the metaphysics of morals
Philosophy in practice : an introduction to the main questions
English summary: Antipodes or twins : Soviet marxism and modern western rationality.
Rationality and the ideology of disconnection
Rethinking Popper
Conjectures and refutations : the growth of scientific knowledge
Leibniz's "new system" and associated contemporary texts
Comparative politics : rationality, culture, and structure
On being a Christian in the Academy : Nicholas Wolterstorff and the practice of Christian scholarship
Rationalism, pluralism, and freedom
Studies in seventeenth-century European philosophy
Reason and nature : essays in the theory of rationality
Logic and reality in Leibniz's metaphysics
Kant's Critique of pure reason : an introduction
"In Rationalities in history, the distinguished historian David d'Avray writes a new comparative history in the spirit of Max Weber. In a strikingly original reassessment of seminal Weberian ideas, d'Avray applies value rationality to the comparative history of religion and the philosophy of law. Integrating theories of rational choice, anthropological reflections on relativism, and the recent philosophy of rationality with Weber's conceptual framework, d'Avray seeks to disengage 'rationalisation' from its enduring association with Western 'modernity.' This mode of analysis is contextualised through the examples of Buddhism, Imperial China, and sixteenth-century Catholicism--in the latter case building upon unpublished archival research. This ambitious synthesis of social theory and comparative history will engage social scientists and historians from advanced undergraduate level upwards, stimulating interdisciplinary discourse, and making a significant contribution to the methodology of history. D'Avray explores the potential of this new Weberian analysis further in his companion volume, Medieval religious rationalities"--Provided by publisher.
The philosophical works
Baruch de Spinoza 1677-1977 : his work and its reception
The philosophy of the young Leibniz
Philosophical papers and letters
Learning and rationality in economics
Religion within the limits of reason alone
Rational choice theory : resisting colonization
The power of argumentation
New essays concerning human understanding : together with an appendix consisting of some of his shorter pieces
On synthetizing research stemming from different methodological ground positions
Beyond relativism : Raymond Boudon, cognitive rationality, and critical realism
Substance and individuation in Leibniz
Reasons for all seasons : an outline os a rationalist view of moral concepts
The logic of the living present : experience, ordering, onto-poiesis of culture
Spinoza contra phenomenology : French rationalism from Cavaillès to Deleuze
Essays on Descartes' Meditations
The ancient Greek philosophy of Pyrrhonian skepticism spread across a wide spectrum of disciplines in the 1600s, casting a shadow over the European learned world. The early modern skeptics expressed doubt concerning the existence of an objective reality independent of human perception. They also questioned long-standing philosophical assumptions and, at times, undermined the foundations of political, moral, and religious authorities. How did eighteenth-century scholars overcome this skeptical crisis of confidence to usher in the so-called Age of Reason? In The Specter of Skepticism in the Age of Enlightenment, Anton Matytsin describes how skeptical rhetoric forced philosophers to formulate the principles and assumptions that they found to be certain or, at the very least, highly probable. In attempting to answer the deep challenge of philosophical skepticism, these thinkers explicitly articulated the rules for attaining true and certain knowledge and defined the boundaries beyond which human understanding could not venture.
