http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4485 Afro-American music
Afro-American music African-American music
Robert Winter's Crazy for ragtime
Southern journey. Volume 8 : Velvet voices
Rituales : the afroamerindian suite
Race music : black cultures from bebop to hip-hop
Witness. Volume [2], William Grant Still (1895-1978)
The essence of Afro-Cuban percussion and drum set : includes the rhythm section parts for bass, piano, guitar, horns & strings : rhythms, songstyles, techniques, applications
The story of the blues
The rough guide to Delta blues : sounds from the cottonfields of the deep South
Popular music : a yearbook. 2, Theory and method
The complete guide to teaching vocal jazz : (including pop and other show styles)
The black chord : visions of the groove : connections between Afro-beats, rhythm & blues, hip hop, and more
Malcolm X : music from the motion picture soundtrack
Wax poetics : Helsinki
Jazz : legends of style
The ultimate doo wop collection
The sounds of slavery : discovering African American history through songs, sermons, and speech
Black Texicans : balladeers and songsters of the Texas frontier
Gospel favourites : piano vocal edition with tonic sol-fa
All you need is love : the story of popular music
Who's who of jazz : Storyville to Swing Street
The fight of my life
New musical figurations : Anthony Braxton's cultural critique
Buppies, B-boys, Baps & Bohos : notes on post-soul black culture
Living blues : Espoo
Southern journey. Volume 11 : Honor the lamb
Stevie Wonder : rhythms of Wonder
Chicago blues : portraits and stories
Black recording artists, 1877-1926 : an annotated discography
Message, meaning, and lessons in hip hop : "lessons are blessings you should learn through"
How to play Latin American instruments
Album of negro spirituals : 24 favorite examples of America's great contribution to the world of music
Brazilian and Afro Cuban jazz conception : Flute
I'm in a strange town : blues and gospel 1927-1967
Sprirituals and gospels
Solos for flute. Collection 1, african-american & jamaican melodies
Blues : keeping the faith
The art of playing timbales. Volume 1
Reflections on Afro-American Music
Music of the common tongue : survival and celebration in African American music
Southern journey. Volume 13 : Earliest times
The ultimate soul music trivia book : 501 questions and answers about Motown, rhythm & blues, and more
Roots of black music : The vocal, instrumental, and dance heritage of Africa and Black America
Roosevelt's blues : African-American blues and gospel artists on president Franklin D. Roosevelt
Salsa! : Havana heat: Bronx beat
Southern journey. Volume 12 : Georgia Sea Islands
Vodou drumset : drumset applications of traditional Afro-Haitian rhythms
From spirituals to swing : the legendary 1938 & 1939 Carnegie Hall concerts
Conversation with the blues
Music of the common tongue : survival and celebration in Afro-American music
Popular choral handbook : new techniques for pop, jazz, and show choir directors
The treasury of negro spirituals
Southern journey. Volume 3 : 61 Highway Mississippi
Showtime at the Apollo
African American music : an introduction
Encyclopedia of the blues
The Legendary Lou Rawls
Today's the day! : LAN'S Samba Schools
Sir Duke : For SATB and piano with optional instrumental accompaniment
The rough guide to salsa
Black Appalachia : string bands, songsters and hoedowns
Drumset technique ; History of the U.S. beat
Spirituals and folksongs : für Gesang und Gitarre
Negro folk music, U.S.A
Sing negro spirituals : to guitar accompaniments the easy way
Musica negra in the Americas
Witness. Volume [3], Towards the future
A right to sing the blues : African Americans, Jews, and American popular song
Black song : the forge and the flame : the story of how the Afro-American spiritual was hammered out
Led Zeppelin : the music that rocked us
If you don't go, don't hinder me : the African American sacred song tradition
The Guinness who's who of jazz
Rhythmic vocabulary : musician's guide to understanding and improvising with rhytm
The music in African American fiction
Living blues : the magazine of the African American blues tradition
Extending the inquiry of his early groundbreaking books, Christopher Small strikes at the heart of traditional studies of Western music by asserting that music is not a thing, but rather an activity. This new work outlines a theory of what Small terms "musicking," a verb that encompasses all musical activity from composing to performing to listening to a Walkman to singing in the shower. Using Gregory Bateson's philosophy of mind and a Geertzian thick description of a typical concert in a typical symphony hall, Small demonstrates how musicking forms a ritual through which all the participants explore and celebrate the relationships that constitute their social identity. This trip through the concert hall will have readers rethinking every aspect of their musical worlds.
Secrets of the hand : soloing strategies for hand drummers
This annotated discography covers the first 50 years of audio recordings by Black artists in chronological order - music made in the "acoustic era" of recording technology. The book has cross-referenced bibliographical information on recording sessions, including audio sources for extant material, and appendices on field recordings; Caribbean, Mexican and South American recordings; piano rolls performed by Black artists; and a filmography detailing the visual record of Black performing artists from the period. Indexes contain all featured artists, titles recorded and labels.
The Faber companion to 20th-century popular music
Black music of two worlds
Brazilian and Afro Cuban jazz conception : Alto and baritone saxophone
