http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4490 reason
reason
Reason, faith, and history : philosophical essays for Paul Helm
Common-sense morality and consequentialism
Kant's dialectic
Animal minds & human morals : the origins of the Western debate
Phenomenology/ontopoiesis retrieving geo-cosmic horizons of antiquity : logos and life
Rethinking philosophy and theology with Deleuze : a new cartography
Weakness of will
The language of reason
Religion within the boundaries of mere reason : and other writings
Emotion
Theology and philosophy : faith and reason
Putting choice before democracy : a critique of rational choice theory
Lessons from Aquinas : a resolution of the problem of faith and reason
Glaube und Vernunft = faith and reason
Walking the tightrope of reason : the precarious life of a rational animal
Why would anyone believe in God?
A theory of the absolute
The United States is one of the most highly educated societies on earth, and also one of the most religious. In "The God Problem", Robert Wuthnow examines how middle class Americans juggle the seemingly paradoxical relationship between faith and reason. Based on exceptionally rich and candid interviews with approximately two hundred people from various faiths, this book dispels the most common explanations: that Americans are adept at keeping religion and intellect separate, or that they are a nation of "joiners". Instead, Wuthnow argues, we do this - not by coming up with rational proofs for the existence of God - but by adopting subtle usages of language that keep us from making unreasonable claims about God. In an illuminating narrative that reveals the complex negotiations many undertake in order to be religious in the modern world, Wuthnow probes the ways of talking that occur in prayers, in discussions about God, in views of heaven, in understandings of natural catastrophes and personal tragedies, and in attempts to reconcile faith with science.
Marx, reason and the art of freedom
Ruling passions : a theory of practical reasoning
Approaches to the development of moral reasoning
The God problem : expressing faith and being reasonable
Sense and sensibility
The liberating power of symbols : philosophical essays
How distinctive is affective processing?
Reasons and experience
The logic of mind
Man against myth
Critique of pure reason
Everything is obvious : how common sense fails
Elightenment and action from Descartes to Kant
Calvin at the centre
God and reason in the Middle Ages
Faith with reason
Critique of practical reason
The cunning of reason
Common sense : a contemporary defense
In the interests of safety : the absurd rules that blight our lives and how we can change them
Bishop Butler and the age of reason
Inheriting the future : legacies of Kant, Freud, and Flaubert
Defending science--within reason : between scientism and cynicism
Trust, ethics and human reason
Kant's critique of reason denied knowledge in order to make room for faith. Animated above all by F. H. Jacobi, the relationship of faith to reason is renewed as a central theme in post-Kantian philosophy. At stake are questions of whether faith can be the foundation of knowledge; whether faith marks the bounds of reason; and whether reason, posited absolutely, supersedes faith. The contributions to volume 7 of the Internationales Jahrbuch des Deutschen Idealismus / International Yearbook of German Idealism investigate from various perspectives the complex relation of faith to reason in post-Kantian philosophy and philosophy of religion.
Paradoxes of knowledge
Sense and certainty : a dissolution of scepticism
Willful blindness : why we ignore the obvious at our peril
A prolific philosopher who also held Rome's highest political office, Cicero was uniquely qualified to write on political philosophy. In this book Professor Atkins provides a fresh interpretation of Cicero's central political dialogues - the Republic and Laws. Devoting careful attention to form as well as philosophy, Atkins argues that these dialogues together probe the limits of reason in political affairs and explore the resources available to the statesman given these limitations. He shows how Cicero appropriated and transformed Plato's thought to forge original and important works of political philosophy. The book demonstrates that Cicero's Republic and Laws are critical for understanding the history of the concepts of rights, the mixed constitution and natural law. It concludes by comparing Cicero's thought to the modern conservative tradition and argues that Cicero provides a perspective on utopia frequently absent from current philosophical treatments.
Nimble : thinking creatively in the digital age
Everything is obvious : how common sense fails us
The architecture of reason : the structure and substance of rationality
Postmodernism, reason and religion
Common sense, reasoning, & rationality
The barbarism of reason : Max Weber and the twilight of enlightenment
On Schopenhauer's Fourfold root of the principle of sufficient reason
Praise of theory : speeches and essays
The politics of rationality : reason through Occidental history
Protein crystallographic studies of A-TIM—structure based development of new enzymes
The dialectics of secularization : on reason and religion
In defence of reason
Rationality : an essay towards an analysis
In praise of reason
Philosophical perspectives. 18, Ethics
Theology of the heart : the role of mysticism in the theology of Martin Luther
Rationality and explanation in economics
A dialogue between a philosopher and a student of the common laws of England
The immateriality of the human mind, the semantics of analogy, and the conceivability of God
The debate between faith and reason has been a dominant feature of Western thought for more than two millennia. This book takes up the problem of the relation between philosophy and theology and proposes that this relation can be reconceived if both philosophy and theology are seen as different ways of organising affects. Brent Adkins and Paul R. Hinlicky break new ground in this timely debate in two ways. Firstly, they lay bare the contemporary dependence on Kant and propose that our Kantian inheritance leaves us with an insuperable dualism. Secondly, the authors argue that the philosophy of Gilles Deleuze provides a way of resolving the debate between faith and reason that does justice to philosophy and theology by reconceiving of both as assemblages. Deleuze's philosophy differentiates domains of thought in terms of what they create. This seems like a particularly fruitful way to pursue the problem of the relations among philosophy and theology because it allows their distinction without at the same time placing them in opposition to one another.
Explanation and practical reason
Kant's Critique of Pure Reason
A treatise of human nature : in two volumes. 1
Spoilt rotten : the toxic cult of sentimentality
Nicolaus Cusanus on faith and the intellect : a case study in 15th-Century Fides-Ratio Controversy
Richard Hooker, reformer and platonist : a reassessment of his thought
Projection and realism in Hume's Philosophy
The resources of rationality : a response to the postmodern challenge
Faith and reason
Cicero on politics and the limits of reason : the Republic and Laws
Reason, tradition, and the good : MacIntyre's tradition-constituted reason and Frankfurt School critical theory
Religion and science as forms of life : anthropological insights into reason and unreason
The life of reason or the phases of human progress
Reasoned faith : essays in philosophical theology in honor of Norman Kretzmann
On What Matters is a major work in moral philosophy. It is the long-awaited follow-up to Derek Parfit’s 1984 book Reasons and Persons, one of the landmarks of twentieth-century philosophy. Parfit now presents a powerful new treatment of reasons, rationality, and normativity, and a critical examination of three systematic moral theories - Kant’s ethics, contractualism, and consequentialism - leading to his own ground-breaking synthetic conclusion. Along the way he discusses a wide range of moral issues, such as the significance of consent, treating people as a means rather than an end, and free will and responsibility. On What Matters is already the most-discussed work in moral philosophy: its publication is likely to establish it as a modern classic which everyone working on moral philosophy will have to read, and which many others will turn to for stimulation and illumination.
Cognition and emotion
Philosophy of education : aims, theory, common sense and research
Cognitive patterns in science and common sense : Groningen studies in philosophy of science, logic, and epistemology
Rituals of spontaneity : sentiment and secularism from free prayer to Wordsworth
The moral law or Kant's Groundwork of the metaphysic of morals
Decisive : how to make better choices in life and work
Reason and religious faith
Reason and worldviews : Warfield, Kuyper, Van Til, and Plantinga on the clarity of general revelation and function of apologetics
On what matters. Vol. 2
Magical consciousness : an anthropological and neurobiological approach
Reason and value : themes from the moral philosophy of Joseph Raz
Kant's theory of knowledge : an analytical introduction
Skeptical faith : Claremont Studies in the Philosophy of Religion, Conference 2010
Reasons
The grounds of ethical judgement : new transcendental arguments in moral philosophy
The foolishness of God : the place of reason in the theology of Martin Luther
Incommensurability, incomparability, and practical reason
Faith & reason : searching for a rational faith
The nature of rationality
Mythos and logos : how to regain the love of wisdom
God, reason and theistic proofs
Waking up : a guide to spirituality without religion
Queer fish : Christian unreason from Darwin to Derrida
Peregrinations of the word : essays in medieval philosophy
Practical intelligence : the art and science of common sense
God in the age of science? : a critique of religious reason
From morality to virtue
Reasoning in physics : the part of common sense
Return to reason
Kant's early critics : the empiricist critique of the theoretical philosophy
Rationality and reasoning
The idea of enlightenment : a post-mortem study
Modern scholarship in several disciplines makes it clear that the Bible and the Quran were authored by humans. Nevertheless fundamentalists persist in believing in the divine authorship of their sacred scriptures. In this book, Solomon Schimmel seeks to understand why these people insist on such beliefs and how they defend them.
The state of philosophy : an invitation to a reading in three parts of Stanley Cavell's The claim of reason
The threat to reason : how the enlightenment was hijacked and how we can reclaim it
ustin Farrer (1904-1968), Warden of Keble College, Oxford, was a remarkably creative and significant figure in twentieth-century theology. Robert MacSwain argues that one explanation for Farrer's relative obscurity is that most commentators have focused on his metaphysics, and in particular on Finite and Infinite (1943), his monumental treatise of 'rational theology'. By contrast, MacSwain proposes an epistemological analysis that takes seriously the neglected but crucial theme of fideism in Farrer's thought. MacSwain charts the development of Farrer's thinking on the proper relation between faith and reason from 1924 to 1968-including his engagements with Karl Barth, logical positivism, Thomism, and Wittgensteinian philosophy-and offers a reading of Farrer that resonates with contemporary religious epistemology and the growing focus on spiritual praxis. The final chapter considers Farrer's provocative claim that the logical paradoxes of religious belief are 'solved by sacrifice' in the lives of those whom we recognise as 'saints': as Farrer puts it, 'Such a life, then, is evidence, and what other evidence could you hope to find?'
Earthdream : the marriage of reason and intuition
The dark side of reason : fictionality and power
The justification of religious faith in Søren Kierkegaard, John Henry Newman, and William James
Practical reasoning
Restoring faith in reason : with a new translation of the Encyclical letter, Faith and reason of Pope John Paul II : together with a commentary and discussion
Critical theory
Studies in the philosophy of mind
A critical guide to Kant's Critique of practical reason
Knowing and the function of reason
Reshaping reason : toward a new philosophy
Reason, action and morality
Plotinus on the appearance of time and the world of sense : a pantomime
The tenacity of unreasonable beliefs : fundamentalism and the fear of truth
The matter of mind : reason and experience in the age of Descartes
Intellect et imagination dans la philosophie médiévale = Intellect and imagination in medieval philosophy = Intelecto e imaginação na filosofia medieval : actes du XIe Congrès international de philosophie médiévale de la Société internationale pour l'étude de la philosophie médiévale (S.I.E.P.M.), Porto, du 26 au 31 août 2002
The principles of human knowledge ; Three dialogues between Hylas and Philonous
Word, image, and experience : dynamics of miracle and self-perception in sixth-century Gaul
Reason and culture : the historic role of rationality and rationalism
The transcendental how : Kant's transcendental deduction of objective cognition
Reason after its eclipse : on late critical theory
The life of reason
The case for God : what religion really means
Is faith rational? : a hermeneutical-philosophical accounting for faith
Solved by sacrifice : Austin Farrer, fideism, and the evidence of faith
Herman Philipse puts forward a powerful new critique of belief in God. He examines the strategies that have been used for the philosophical defence of religious belief, and by careful reasoning casts doubt on the legitimacy of relying on faith instead of evidence, and on probabilistic arguments for the existence of God.
The critique of pure reason
The philosophy of right and left : incongruent counterparts and the nature of space
Common sense : the foundations for social science
John Locke and the ethics of belief
Why I rejected Christianity : a former apologist explains
Reason and nature : essays in the theory of rationality
The computational infant : looking for developmental cognitive science
Martin Jay tackles a question as old as Plato and still pressing today: what is reason, and what roles does and should it have in human endeavor? Applying the tools of intellectual history, he examines the overlapping, but not fully compatible, meanings that have accrued to the term “reason” over two millennia, homing in on moments of crisis, critique, and defense of reason. After surveying Western ideas of reason from the ancient Greeks through Kant, Hegel, and Marx, Jay engages at length with the ways leading theorists of the Frankfurt School—Horkheimer, Marcuse, Adorno, and most extensively Habermas—sought to salvage a viable concept of reason after its apparent eclipse. They despaired, in particular, over the decay in the modern world of reason into mere instrumental rationality. When reason becomes a technical tool of calculation separated from the values and norms central to daily life, then choices become grounded not in careful thought but in emotion and will—a mode of thinking embraced by fascist movements in the twentieth century. Is there a more robust idea of reason that can be defended as at once a philosophical concept, a ground of critique, and a norm for human emancipation? Jay explores at length the communicative rationality advocated by Habermas and considers the range of arguments, both pro and con, that have greeted his work.
Public reason
The last word
Kant's Critique of pure reason : an introduction
Foundations of the metaphysics of morals, and What is enlightenment?
Common-sense : a new look at an old philosophical tradition
Aquinas and modernity : the lost promise of natural law
The emotion machine : commonsense thinking, artificial intelligence, and the future of the human mind
The possibility of practical reason
The irrational Augustine
Making moral sense : beyond Habermas and Gauthier
A treatise of human nature
Rationality : a philosophical inquiry into the nature and the rationale of reason
Kant's search for the supreme principle of morality
The principle of reason
Eclipse of reason
Evidence and religious belief
Kant's "Critique of Pure Reason" is one of the most rewarding, and difficult, of all philosophical works. The text followed is that of the second edition of 1787, and a translation is also given of all first edition passages which in the second edition are either altered or omitted. For this reissue of Kemp Smith's classic 1929 edition, Gary Banham has contributed a major new Bibliography of secondary sources on Kant, including stable internet resources, journal articles and books.
Religion within the limits of reason alone
Monotheism and tolerance : recovering a religion of reason
The end of faith : religion, terror, and the future of reason
Economic rationality and practical reason
"The central aims of this book are (1) to present an overview of the philosophical debate on trust in the last three decades; (2) to address a central issue in that debate, namely, the presumed prima facie conflict between trust and rationality; and (3) in the course of the analysis, to apply a non-essentialist understanding of psychological concepts, as developed in Wittgenstein's philosophical psychology. The task is not to judge between different definitions of trust. Instead we need awareness of what is implied in a given case when behaviour is singled out as an instance of trust. To invoke the vocabulary of trust and distrust in human interaction is both to describe it, to take a certain perspective on it and to influence it. This is also true in the philosophical debate itself. The issue of trust has been taken up in response to various theoretical conundrums. A dominant theme is the need to refute scepticism and show why trust can be embraced as a rationally justified pursuit. The author argues that this approach must in the end be self-refuting because it would lose the phenomenon it wants to justify. What emerges is instead a conception of rationality that includes the entire web of practices and ways of thinking that constitute human agency, including our ways of speaking about them. We are always already embedded in relations of dependence, we are ethically committed to each other as beings that trust and receive trust"--Bloomsbury Publishing.
Christian no more : a personal journey of leaving Christianity and how you can leave too
A treatise of human nature : in two volumes. 2
Machiavelli and the history of prudence
Reason and its manifestations : a study on Kant and Hegel
On the aesthetic education of man and, Letters to Prince Frederick Christian von Augustenburg
Moral psychology. Volume 2, The cognitive science of morality : intuition and diversity
What is faith? : essays in the philosophy of religion
The teleology of reason : a study of the structure of Kant's critical philosophy
