http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p45 attack
attack assault
Nazis at the center of the earth
The secret of the swordfish. Part 2 : Mortimer's escape
Edge of tomorrow (3D)
Transport layer DDoS attack types and mitigation methods in networks
Just wars and moral victories : surprise, deception and the normative framework of European war in the later Middle Ages
From the Baltic States to Afghanistan : A Chronicle of Soviet Aggression
Death's end
Evening's empires
The definition of aggression in the United Nations
Shaun of the dead
The secret of the swordfish. Part 3 : SX1 strikes back
Collective security law
The definition of goals in criminal policy : a Durkheimian approach
Iron sky : invasion : Xbox 360
Danny Dreadnought saves the world
The avengers 3D
The United Nations Compensation Commission : the 13. Sokol colloquium
A dangerous path
The judas gate
The colony
Threat vector
Conflict through consensus : United Nations approaches to aggression
Pearl Harbor
Mythmaking : behind the scenes of Attack of the clones
The German invasion of Norway : April 1940
Stalin's folly : the secret history of German invasion of Russia, June 1941
Guardians of the galaxy : Cosmic Avengers
Software-based countermeasures to 2D facial spoofing attacks
The price of blood
Battleship : Wii
Battle of Los Angeles
The bear
The other side of dawn
Crisis in the gulf : enforcing the rule of law
The avengers
Iron sky : invasion : PlayStation 3
Shadow on the crown
Offensive cyber capabilities are needed because of deterrence
Dreamcatcher
The dark forest
Offensive cyber-capabilities against Critical Infrastructure
Guardians of Knowhere
The revenant
Zoo. Season one
Seize and hold : master strokes on the battlefield
Jurassic world
The 5th wave
The travaux préparatoires of the crime aggression
The rape of Nanking : the forgotten holocaust of World War II
Churchill's crusade : the British invasion of Russia, 1918-1920
The dead of night
The rebel's assault
Guardians of the galaxy : best story ever
Dreamcatcher : a novel
XCOM : the board game
The wild inside : a novel of suspense
The Falkland Islands, their kinship isles, the antarctic hemisphere, & the freedom of the 2 great oceans : discovery & diplomacy, law & war. 1, a. The Argentinian invasion & the sea & land wars, 1982. b. The war's international politics & wellsprings
Targeted killings : law and morality in an asymmetrical world
The impact of the freeze of Kuwaiti and Iraqi assets on financial institutions and financial transactions
Guardians of the galaxy : New guard : Emperor Quill
Star fighters. 2 : Deadly mission
The shallows
Attacking technique
Security management process in distributed, large scale high performance systems
Assassination classroom. 9, A shocking time
The pterodactyl hunters in the gilded city
Writings on war
DVD illustration of offensive game situation roles in ice hockey
Defining international aggression, the search for world peace : a documentary history and analysis
A small town near Auschwitz : ordinary Nazis and the Holocaust
Securing global commons : a small state perspective
Battle in bits and bytes - computer network attacks and the law of armed conflict
Task force Helmand : a soldier's story of life, death and combat on the Afghan front line
Archbold international criminal courts : practice, procedure and evidence
The bureau : XCOM declassified : PlayStation 3
Superman : Earth One
Scouts guide to the zombie apocalypse
Falling skies : the game : PlayStation 3
Law and force in the new international order
Edge of tomorrow
The mystery of the griefer's mark : an unofficial gamer's novel
Operation Sea Lion : German plans for the invasion of England, 1939-1942
The night is for hunting
Young samurai. [6] : The ring of fire
Witchblade Takeru manga collection
Aggressive war : an international crime
The eye of minds
The raiders
The bureau : XCOM declassified : Xbox 360
XCOM : enemy within : Xbox 360.
The bombs that brought us together
Soccer : attacking
Nagisa risks it all in an attempt to take down the mastermind behind the biological attack on his classmates. After the dust settles, Koro Sensei gives his all to ignite summer romance between his students. Turns out their English teacher Ms. Jelavitch has her sights on someone...and everyone wants to help her get her target--er, the man of her dreams. Then, back at school, one of the students defects from the 3-E ranks for all the wrong reasons. How will they win him back before he inflicts irrevocable damage on them all?
The undertaking
Anomaly detection from network logs using diffusion maps
The masked truth
"This time we went too far" : truth and consequences of the Gaza invasion
The spring of Kasper Meier
On iteration-based security flaws in modern hash functions
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Jaws : the revenge
Tora! tora! tora! : Pearl Harbor
Manuscript found In Accra
13 hours : Benghazi, Libya. 11 September 2012 : the explosive true story of how six men fought a terror attack and repelled enemy forces
Detection of distributed denial-of-service attacks in encrypted network traffic
Refusenik! : Israel's soldiers of conscience
Warhammer 40,000 : deathwatch : PS4
Images of Barbarossa : the German invasion of Russia, 1941
Empires : infiltration
New Yorkers aren't easily intimidated, but someone is doing their best to scare them, badly: why? After two inexplicable high-tech attacks, the city that never sleeps is on edge. Detective Michael Bennett, along with his old pal, the FBI's Emily Parker, have to catch the shadowy criminals who claim responsibility -- but they're as good at concealing their identities as they are at wreaking havoc. In the wake of a shocking assassination, Bennett begins to suspect that these mysterious events are just the prelude to the biggest threat of all. Soon he's racing against the clock, and against the most destructive enemy he's faced yet, to save his beloved city -- before everyone's worst nightmare becomes a reality / WorldCat.
Falling skies : the game : Xbox 360
The incident
The red line : the gripping account of the RAF's bloodiest raid on Hitler's Germany
Intrusion detection applications using knowledge discovery and data mining
"With the scope of Dune and the rousing action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to2 8xperience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. In Dark Forest, Earth is reeling from the revelation of a coming alien invasion--in just four centuries' time. The aliens' human collaborators may have been defeated, but the presence of the sophons, the subatomic particles that allow Trisolaris instant access to all human information, means that Earth's defense plans are totally exposed to the enemy. Only the human mind remains a secret. This is the motivation for the Wallfacer Project, a daring plan that grants four men enormous resources to design secret strategies, hidden through deceit and misdirection from Earth and Trisolaris alike. Three of the Wallfacers are influential statesmen and scientists, but the fourth is a total unknown. Luo Ji, an unambitious Chinese astronomer and sociologist, is baffled by his new status. All he knows is that he's the one Wallfacer that Trisolaris wants dead"-- Provided by publisher
The secret of the swordfish. Part 1 : The incredible chase
Nanjing 1937 : a love story
Spam nation : the inside story of organized cybercrime--from global epidemic to your front door
Digital watermarking techniques for printed images
Birds of prey
Star fighters. [10] : Stealthforce
Zoo : the graphic novel
Hailey's war
Chess secrets : the giants of power play
Disunited states
Guardians of the galaxy : New guard. Vol 2, Wanted
Manuscript found in Accra
Star fighters. 3 : The enemy's lair
Improve your attacking chess
Castle panic
Burning for revenge
The Stuxnet worm changed the picture of cyber war from abstract to concrete in an undeniable way. This paper studies the implications of recent discovery of Stuxnet and other self-replicating cyber weapons. We describe the state of art in known cyber weaponry and extrapolate the requirements and attributes for potential weapons..
The end of the world. Maybe
Strategy moves : 14 complete attack and defense strategies for competitive advantage
Lights out : a cyberattack : a nation unprepared : surviving the aftermath
Identifying the aggressor under international law : a principles approach
The infinite sea
How to attack in chess
A prequel to the film by the same name, this tells the origin of how Nazis ended up on the Moon and of their subsequent return to Earth years in the future.
White death
