http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4502 mass production
mass production
Fashion : from concept to consumer
The new industrial revolution : consumers, globalization and the end of mass production
The rational factory : architecture, technology, and work in America's age of mass production
IEA Bioenergy task 22: Techno-economic assessments for bioenergy applications 1998-1999 : final report
Mass customization : the new frontier in business competition
The man on the assembly line
e-Manufacturing : towards global engineering
Reshaping American agriculture to meet its biofuel and biopolymer roles
Stolen harvest : the hijacking of the global food supply
Invented here : maximizing your organizationś internal growth and profitability
Gasification of biomass for energy production : state of technology in Finland and global market perspectives
Potential and competitiveness of biomass as energy source in central Baltic Sea region : results and findings of the pure biomass project 2012–2013
America's assembly line
Increased forest biomass production in the Nordic and Baltic countries - a review on current and future opportunities
Fuel flexible energy generation : solid, liquid and gaseous fuels
Rural use of lignocellulosic residues. W. H. Barreveld
Software product line engineering : foundations, principles, and techniques
An introduction to design and culture : 1900 to the present
NFF in mass-production
Proceedings of 1st. European forum on electricity production from biomass and solid wastes by advanced technologies : Florence, Italy 27-29 november 1991
Modular product development for mass customization
The craft reader
Victorian glassworlds : glass culture and the imagination 1830-1880
3:2 : the ontology of photographs in the phase of a new imagination
Economic geographical analysis of the Finnish paper industry
Development of CRM concept for a mass customization business
A strategic concept for best available techniques in the forest industry
Utilisation of gasification carbon residues : activation, characterisation and use as an adsorbent
The second industrial divide : possibilities for prosperity
An Introduction to Design and Culture in the Twentieth Century
Methane and hydrogen production from crop biomass through anaerobic digestion
Agile product development for mass customization : how to develop and deliver products for mass customization, niche markets, JIT, build-to-order and flexible manufacturing
Research Action Plan 2020 for sustainable use of biomass : Central Finland
Micro process engineering : fundamentals, devices, fabrication, and applications
"Providing a state of the art in the field of available and future biomass resources, energy systems using biomass and optimization and control of systems and processes. The book covers biomass resources globally, but also complex systems such as biorefineries, polygeneration and pulp and paper industry, as well as chemicals used as feedstocks for plastics. Other examples are using wood for textiles and food additives as nano-fibers. The contributing authors are highly-qualified researchers and engineers in different aspects of biomass utilization from most parts of the world"--
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
Biomass for energy and industry : 4th E.C. Conference
The machine that changed the world : the story of lean production
The Nordic and Baltic countries are in the frontline of replacing fossil fuel with renewables. An important question is how forest management of the productive parts of this region can support a sustainable development of our societies in reaching low or carbon neutral conditions by 2050. This may involve a 70% increased consumption of biomass and waste to meet the goals. The present review concludes that a 50-100% increase of forest growth at the stand scale, relative to today's common level of forest productivity, is a realistic estimate within a stand rotation (~70 years). Change of tree species, including the use of non-native species, tree breeding, introduction of high-productive systems with the opportunity to use nurse crops, fertilization and afforestation are powerful elements in an implementation and utilization of the potential. The productive forests of the Nordic and Baltic countries cover in total 63 million hectares, which corresponds to an average 51% land cover. The annual growth is 287 million m3 and the annual average harvest is 189 million m3 (65% of the growth). A short-term increase of wood-based bioenergy by utilizing more of the growth is estimated to be between 236 and 416 TWh depending on legislative and operational restrictions. Balanced priorities of forest functions and management aims such as nature conservation, biodiversity, recreation, game management, ground water protection etc. all need consideration. We believe that these aims may be combined at the landscape level in ways that do not conflict with the goals of reaching higher forest productivity and biomass production..
Bioreducer use in blast furnace ironmaking in Finland : techno-economic assessment and CO2 emission reduction potential
Study and Optimization of Flow Packing Unit : Famifarm Oy
Electrochemical technologies for energy storage and conversion. Vol. 1 & Vol. 2
Porcelain in architecture - design - lifestyle
Biomass production on wet meadows and mires in Kuusamo, north-eastern Finland, estimated by spectral reflectance measurements
Projecting pulpwood prices under different assumptions on future capacities in the pulp and paper industry
Fast-growing plantations : impact on the international market pulp, linerboard and woodfree paper businesses
Development of an eco- and material-efficient pellet production chain—a chemical study
"From the canonical texts of the Arts and Crafts Movement to the radical thinking of today's "DIY" movement, from theoretical writings on the position of craft in distinction to Art and Design to how-to texts from renowned practitioners, from feminist histories of textiles to descriptions of the innovation born of necessity in Soviet factories and African auto-repair shops...The Craft Reader presents the first comprehensive anthology of writings on modern craft. Covering the period from the Industrial Revolution to today, the Reader draws on craft practice and theory from America, Europe, Asia and Africa. The world of craft is considered in its full breadth -- from pottery and weaving, to couture and chocolate-making, to contemporary art, architecture and curation. The writings are themed into sections and all extracts are individually introduced, placing each in its historical, cultural and artistic context. Bringing together an astonishing range of both classic and contemporary texts, The Craft Reader will be invaluable to any student or practitioner of Craft and also to readers in Art and Design. AUTHORS INCLUDE: Theodor Adorno, Anni Albers, Amadou H., Charles Babbage, Roland Barthes, Andrea Branzi, Alison Britton, Rafael Cardoso, Johanna Drucker, Charles Eames, Salvatore Ferragamo, Kenneth Frampton, Alfred Gell, Walter Gropius, Tanya Harrod, Martin Heidegger, Patrick Heron, Bernard Leach, Esther Leslie, W. R. Lethaby, Lucy Lippard, Adolf Loos, Karl Marx, William Morris, Robert Morris, Lee Ufan, Frank Lloyd Wright"--Provided by publisher.
Woody biomass inventory of Zanzibar islands
Learning in and for production : an activity-theoretical study of the historical development of distributed systems of generalizing
Small-scale biomass CHP plant and district heating
Horrockses fashions : off-the-peg style in the '40s and '50s
We studied biomass production of two naturally originated grey alder (Alnus incana (L.) Moench) stands having a mixture of birch and willow located in central Finland. One of the stands was growing on a peatland site (Muhos) and the other on a mineral soil site (Juuka). The stands were clear-cut and fertilization experiments were laid out with several treatments. At Muhos, the treatments included nitrogen fertilisation with different amounts of wood ash and an unfertilized control. At Juuka, the treatments included nitrogen fertilisation either with ash or with PK, and ash and PK treatments alone and an unfertilized control. The sprouts at Muhos were grown for 17 years and at Juuka for 20 years. At Juuka the stand was clear-cut second time at the age of 20 years and grown for 8 years. The stands were measured several times and foliar samples were taken twice during the study period. Clear-cutting increased stem number manifold. The stand density of new coppiced forests after the clear-cutting decreased from 67000-89000 stems ha-1 at the age of 3-6 years to 10000-12000 stems ha-1 at the age of 17-20 years. On neither site fertilization affected biomass production of alders during the study period. Leafless above-ground biomass was 52-57 Mg ha-1 after 17-20 years. Mean annual leafless above-ground biomass production (MAI) increased with increase of rotation time. At the age of 17-20 years the MAI was 2.8-3.0 Mg ha a-1. At Muhos, ash increased foliar P and Ca concentrations, but decreased those of Mn.
Potential of forest biomass production and utilization for mitigation of climate change in boreal conditions
Biomass feedstock analyses
Book of Proceedings Bioenergy from Forest 2014.
Characteristics and storage of whole-tree biomass for energy
The First Finnish Mass Customization and Personalization (MCP) Forum : facing international research
Ten thousand things : module and mass production in Chinese art : the A. W. Mellon lectures in the fine arts, 1998 : the National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C
Bioenergy in Finland : review 1998 : European Network to co-ordinate information exchange between National Biomass Energy Programmes on Agricultural and Forestry Biomass - AFB-net
World of possibilities : flexibility and mass production in western industrialization
Power plants : a guide to energy from biomass
Production of oleaginous microbial biomass by reusing wastewaters
Electricity production by advanced biomass power systems
Book of proceedings bioenergy from forest 2012 conference
Protestants  pictures : religion, visual culture, and the age of American mass production / David Morgan
Biomass as energy source : resources, systems and applications
Demography of Carex rostrata in a boreal mesotrophic fen : shoot dynamics and biomass development
Biomass production and nutrition of short-rotation plantations
Special issue : perspectives on the arts and technology
FAQ : aesthetics of collective experience
The procurement of wood raw materials by Finnish paper industry - an outlook
Power production from biomass II with special emphasis on gasification and pyrolysis R&DD
Cheap? : the real cost of living in a low price, low wage world
Producing hegemony : the politics of mass production and American global power
The people's tycoon : Henry Ford and the American century
The breakthrough illusion : corporate America's failure to move from innovation to mass production
Abstract.
Non-wood plants as raw material for pulp and paper
Energy from biomass in Europe
"This third edition of An Introduction to Design and Culture has been revised and updated throughout to include issues of globalization, sustainability and digital/interactive design.New for this edition is a chapter which covers key changes in design culture. Design culture has changed dramatically in the 21st century, the designer-hero is now much less in evidence and design has become much more interdisciplinary. Drawing on a wealth of mass-produced artefacts, images and environments including sewing machines, cars, televisions, clothes, electronic and branded goods and exhibitions, author Penny Sparke shows how design has helped to shape and reflect our social and cultural development. This introduction to the development of modern (and postmodern) design is ideal for undergraduate students"--
Markets of one : creating customer-unique value through mass customization
Bioenergy in Finland : AFB-NETT, European Network to co-ordinate information exchange between National Biomass Energy Programmes on Agricultural and Forestry Biomass : final report, phase 1
European energy crops overview : country report for Finland
The Finnish pulp & paper machinery and technology
Factor substitution in the Finnish pulp and paper industry
BIM and the Industrialization Process of AEC Industry
Bioreducer use in blast furnace ironmaking in Finland:techno-economic assessment and CO2 emission reduction potential
Biomass production of coppiced grey alder and the effect of fertilization
Henry Ford : mass production, modernism and design
The master switch : the rise and fall of information empires
The coming China wars : where they will be fought and how they will be won
Biomass power plant grid connection
Advanced biomass gasification for high-efficiency power : publishable final activity report of BiGPower project
Build-to-order & mass customization : the ultimate supply chain management and lean manufacturing strategy for low-cost on-demand production without forecasts or inventory
Biogas production from energy crops and crop residues
The foreman on the assembly line
The century of hats : headturning style of the twentieth century
Introduction to chemicals from biomass
Detrimental substances in pulp and paper production : approaches to chemical analysis of deposits and dissolved organic matter
Biomass gasification to heat, electricity and biofuels : HighBio project publication
Abstract: Utilization of bioenergy and biomass conversion.
The socialist people's car : automobiles, shortages, and consent on the Czechoslovak road to mass production (1918-64)
Ready-to-wear and ready-to-work : a century of industry and immigrants in Paris and New York
