http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4509 acquisition
acquisition
War for talent - Recruitment within the financial services provider Company X
Abstract: This study discusses the supply chain of a small e-commerce company. The focus is on Supplier Relationship Management and procurement. The objective of this study was to give recommendations and suggestions for the case company to answer the current challenges and to improve the order fulfillment operations in order to avoid and eliminate risks. The research was conducted as a case study. The case study started with conducting a current state analysis of the case company's order fulfillment operations, including a process flow description. Challenges and risks were recognized based on this analysis. Data collection was based on interviews with case company employees working on the related operations. The researcher's own observations were also utilized as one method. Following the current state analysis a theoretical review on related topics was conducted. The topics discussed were Supply Chain Management, Procurement, E-procurement, Supplier relationship management, supplier acquisition and assessment and processes. This review was based on literature and earlier studies written on these topics.    Based on the findings from the theoretical practices and the current state of the order fulfillment recommendations were provided for the case company. The recommendations cover supplier measuring and assessment, demand consideration, supplier integration and establishing processes. These proposals were identified as the main areas of concentration in possible future improvement to be performed by the case company.
Public supply contracts in the European Community
A Practical guide to acquisitions : how to increase your chances of success
Based on more than 10 years of practical experience in the field of supply chain management, Oliver Münch indicates that in favor of sustainability within the supply chain the paradox purchasing savings can and should be substituted with the approach of the First-Time-Right Procurement. This dissertation subjects the monetary measurement of purchasing savings to a critical examination and questions whether it still applies. It indicates that monetary purchasing savings exert a negative impact on sustainable company success. In order to achieve a long-term sustainable success, it is proposed that the monetary measurement of purchasing savings can be replaced by measuring process times within the procurement organization.
Summary: Developing the procurement of expert services.
Analysis of Success Factors of Mergers and Acquisitions in the Automotive Industry
Automated data gathering for industrial production tracking
Library acquisitions : practice and theory
Marketing strategy for a new fundraising agency
Acquisitions in the Netherlands : culture's influence on acquisitions
Subcontracting in international B-to-B market
New ICT Supply Process, Interfaces between Supply Process and Project Management Process in ITIL Service Design Framework
Developing a framework for external supply market analysis
Alternative literature : a practical guide for librarians
Low-cost country sourcing : trends and implications
PlyMES Reporting
A guide to the procurement cases of the court of justice
Contemporary quantity recipe file
Introduction to materials management
Optimizing Forecasting Techniques for Procurement Savings : The Case of BuyIn GmbH
Excellence in procurement strategy : how to strategically align corporate and procurement objectives
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2013.
Buying books : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
A balanced sourcing toolkit
Measuring the effectiveness of public procurement
Buying, selling, and valuing financial practices : the FP transitions M&A guide
Impact of quality, procurement and quality in grocery industry
A Survey of Employees' Perception and Satisfaction at the Integration Phase of Cross-border Acquisition
How to reduse procurement costs in Industry Company
Data mining and predictive analytics
The sourcing solution : a step-by-step guide to creating a successful purchasing program
The hundred-foot journey
Capital equipment purchasing : optimizing the total cost of capex sourcing
Purchasing and supply management capabilities in finnish medium-sized enterprises
Customer service reporting system for quality management : Case: Pohjola Vakuutus Ltd
The trend toward outsourcing is nothing new in the business world. Human  resources, Information Technology, logistics, all these functions have already been transferred to service providers in order to focus on the organizations' core competences and reduce costs. And the market is still growing, especially in the Emerging Countries such as India or Russia where it is now possible to outsource  other core business functions, like purchasing. The aim of this Bachelor's Thesis is to study the feasibility of outsourcing the purchasing department of small medium-sized companies (SMEs). It was decided to narrow the subject to outsource this function to a purchasing group. Additionally, the study concentrates on French and Finnish SMEs in order to have an overview of what the market could react about the subject. The thesis reviews relevant literatures about outsourcing and purchasing, and examines the transaction cost theory as well as the power theory, both necessary to support the study of the subject. A quantitative questionnaire was conducted online, using a free host website, with the purpose to find out attitudes, opinions, and  practices of SMEs toward outsourcing in general and outsourcing the purchasing function to a purchasing group.
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2006.
The herbarium accessions amount to 17,972 specimens, including 6,193 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,118 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 9,605 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens), and 56 specimens of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Using Request for Proposal in Sourcing Practices : Case study: CPS Color Group Oy
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2010.
The role of user experience in a business-to-business context
Empirical analysis of competition in procurement auctions
Build your own computer
Global sourcing of ready-to-wear garments : a case study: Vietnam as sourcing market for Naisten Pukutehdas Oy
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2010.
Perry's department store : a buying simulation
The professional's guide to mining the internet : information gathering and research on the net
Related-supplementary acquisition; strategy and synergy : Case Aspen Technology Inc
Market research: Outsourcing companies' indirect procurements to a third party (Company X Ltd.)
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2008.
Attitudes of industrial buyers towards foreign suppliers
APICS dictionary
Strategic purchasing practices : the case study of PAUL Bakery UK
Procurement Process Design
An Evaluation of the Effect of Merger and Acquisition on the Performance of Nigeria Banking Sector : Case: United Bank of Africa, PLC
Global purchasing : reaching for the world
Modern day roles of B2B customer acquisition applications on the internet
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki in 2008.
Managing community meals
"The specific purpose of this book is to help you understand how to sell what you've built to someone else for maximum value and at optimum tax rates, and/or to successfully complete an acquisition and become someone's exit strategy, also on the best possible terms, with minimum risk, writing off the entire purchase price over time"--
Logistics : a practical approach
Analysis of the supplier performance measurement system of Tellabs Oy
Improving purchasing process for small purchases at a manufacturing company in chemical industry
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,139 specimens, including 5,238 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,598 specimens of bryophytes and algae, and 11,303 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Analiz organičenij lesopol'zovaniâ ha osobo ohranâemyh prirodnyh territoriâh i v malonarušennyh lesah Respubliki Kareliâ = The analysis of wood harvesting restrictions in conservation areas and old-growth forests of the Republic of Karelia
GroupWare and group decision support systems for wood procurement organisation : a review
Procurement Strategy for Oy Scantarp Ab
The incredible payback : innovative sourcing solutions that deliver extraordinary results
Managing software acquisition : open systems and COTS products
Purchasing Process at Yard Selling Department, Case: Company X
Supplier Selection in Global Sourcing : the Case of Elevator Industry
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry
Public procurement and innovation : the role of institutions
Buying Defence and Security in Europe is the first critical evaluation of the EU Defence and Security Procurement Directive 2009/81/EC, which is now the basis for public and private entities buying armaments and sensitive goods and services in the EU. This instrument aims to ensure non-discrimination, competition and transparency in the security sectors. Part one provides a critical analysis of the economical, historical, political, military-strategic and legal contexts of the new EU Defence and Security Procurement Directive. Part two covers the main aspects of the Directive: its scope, procedures, security of supply and information, offsets and subcontracting, and finally its review and remedies system. This book is an essential overview of a legislative milestone in the field.
Acquisition finance : risk assessment and risk division between the parties in leveraged buyout transactions
Strategic sourcing management : structural and operational decision-making
Cloud computing for dummies
The number of accessions in 2013 amounted to 1842 vertebrate specimens, 27,9827 insects and 4,889 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below..
Improving the internal supply chain from a case company perspective
The fundamentals of  low-cost country sourcing : an introduction for companies on the verge of starting their low-cost country sourcing initiatives
A Research for Finding a Potential Point of Sale System Vendor for Peroba Ltd.
Defects and complaining in purchases
Understanding and doing successful research : data collection and analysis for the social sciences
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2007.
Purchasing principles & management
The RFP process : effective management of the acquisition of library materials
Sourcing of services
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2014.
Negotiating culture : heritage, ownership, and intellectual property
Quality requirements in purchase contracts and orders
Procurement Quality Research. Case: Foster Wheeler Energia Oy
Profitable buying strategies : how to cut procurement costs and buy your way to higher profits
Building procurement systems : a client's guide
"Acquire the diverse skill set required to negotiate and execute a successful sale Buying, Selling, and Valuing Financial Practices + Website shows you how to sell what you've built, or buy what someone else has built, with a win-win outcome. Buyer and seller do not hold disparate goals; selling for maximum value and optimum tax rate&mdash;and buying for minimum risk and complete write-off&mdash;are part of the same strategy that must be the ultimate goal for the good of the industry. Unfortunately, financial advisors tend to make the same two critical mistakes. Exit planning is not succession planning, and every sale or acquisition is different. This book shows you how to complete a sale or acquisition with the best possible terms for both buyer and seller, through deliberate consideration of the size, structure, and sophistication of the opportunity. The companion website provides tools, worksheets, and checklists to aid immediate implementation, and the expert insight will prove invaluable regardless of which side of the table you're on. Buying or selling the result of a lifetime's work requires years of experience to master. This book gives you the benefit of high-level expertise in the multiple disciplines that contribute to a successful sale or acquisition, to provide the perspective and skills you need to work through the deal. Learn why exit planning is different from succession planning Sell what you've built for maximum profit and minimal tax Become someone else's exit strategy for the best possible terms Avoid the common and critical mistakes in the M&A space A successful exit strategy requires the expertise of a CPA, JD, CVA, ASA, MCBA, and a CFA. You must either bring these people to the table, or acquire these skills yourself. Buying, Selling, and Valuing Financial Practices + Website gives you the essential knowledge and helpful tools you need to execute an optimal deal"--
Business process outsourcing : process, strategies, and contracts
The handbook of logistics & distribution management
The herbarium accessions amount to 17,308 specimens, including 6,599 specimens of phanerogams and pteridophytes, 1,708 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 9,000 specimens of fungi (including lichens), and 1 specimen of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
The number of accessions in 2012 amounted to 960 vertebrate specimens, 13,272 insects, and 3,105 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and noteworthy faunistic records are reported..
Online music buying behaviour : a study in Finland
Ethics and data collection in arts-based inguiry : artist-researcher embedded in medical education
International marketing and purchasing of industrial goods : an interaction approach
Purchasing & inventory control
Purchasing strategies for total quality : a guide to achieving continuous improvement
This Master's thesis concerns sourcing toolkit development for a ship power solutions provider company. The purpose of the toolkit is to support strategic sourcing, and to help address the strategy trends and possible shortcomings of sourcing. Toolkit functionality will be tested with the existing sourcing strategy to verify its functionality Sourcing is one of the core functions of the company due to its large impact on the overall performance of the company. Sourcing must find a balance between cheap cost, applicable quality, and supply accuracy. Balancing these factors globally is very challenging and typically there is a clear need for tools that help this process. In this thesis, the current level of sourcing tools were benchmarked against known companies' tools and methods. Further, the current sourcing strategy was compared to the business practices of leading companies in related industries by studying written material on the benchmarked companies. For the source material, reference companies were selected if they were operating the same style of business. As a result of the work, a toolkit was created, which is applicable to the different categories of company sourcing. This toolkit does not provide direct answers to specific problems, instead it points out the weak points and development possibilities for the sourcing strategy. Toolkit functionality was tested by applying it to existing sourcing strategy development. The toolkit clearly presented sourcing strategy challenges and showed what actions are needed to secure sourcing balance. This toolkit will be used in the future for sourcing strategy development.
The business potential of live communication in the European Union : a market analysis of the European Union’s outsourced event and communication actions
Centralized vs. decentralized procurement : does dispersed information call for decentralized decision-making?
Consolidation of purchases in spare part business
Analyzing and optimizing the order process at the freight forwarder
Stakeholders' competence expectations for RDSS organization
Comparing the purchasing process in Finnish and Chinese University libraries
Improving technology monitoring by enhancing internal working methods and supplier co-operation
Essentials of automated acquisition
The book of yields : accuracy in food costing and purchasing
The professional food buyer : standards, principles, and procedures
Analysis of procurement processes and volumes
Green procurement in Kenyan hospitals : exploring the awareness and opportunities for Kenyan hospitals to implement green procurement
Procurement Domestically and Internationally : The Case of Companies A and B
Improving Order Fulfillment in an SME e-Commerce Company
Tiivistelmä: Impact of quality, procurement and quality in grocery industry.
International Procurement in Pet Product Business
Purchasing Process Redesign: a Case Study of Company X
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,853 specimens, including 4,751 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,559 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 5,000 specimens of fungi, 7,542 specimens of lichens, and 1 specimen of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here.
Buying defence and security in Europe : the EU defence and security procurement directive in context
The suggestion for sourcing strategy of an industrial company : a case study
Centralizing procurement for modernization projects
The Impact of Organisational Purchasing Practises on the Marketing of a Small Enterprise
Abstract: ERP acquisition in small businesses - case Helpten. The objective of this thesis was to survey which, or what kind of Enterprise Resource Planning system is most suitable for the growing small business Helpten and to make a proposal to Helpten management on the most suitable system provider. The aim was to find a system to support business in a better way than the current system. Literature on ERP acquisition was studied to support the system survey. The focus was on system acquisition in small businesses. As part of the study a requirement specification for the new system was made between management and employees in the customer company. Based on the requirement specification currently available, ERP systems were surveyed for suitable alternatives and potential ERP system providers were interviewed. Three different systems were compared and scored based on criteria of the requirement specification. On the basis of the comparison and system presentations it could be concluded that the best system to meet the needs of Helpten could be Microsoft Dynamics NAV and Dynamics CRM. The delivery model and the functionality of the system responded to the imposed demands set by the company. The study also showed that large system providers also provide good system alternatives for small businesses, taking their specific needs into account. The survey also showed the challenges of information system acquisition in a small business, where similar acquisitions have not been done before. Based on the study it was found that special attention has to be put to the planning and requirement specification of the new system.
Bring me home! : cats make great pets
Logistics in manufacturing : an IFS executive briefing
Make vs buy decisions in software acquisition
Integrating corporate brands in cross-border acquisitions : serial acquirer focus
Examine procurement and supply management in detail, and learn about the three dimensions of competitiveness, effectiveness and efficiency.
Introduction to professional food service
ERP acquisition in small businesses : case Helpten
Co-makership : the new supply strategy for manufactures
Measuring procurement performance : a review of financial key performance indicators for a purchasing organization in Company X
The cost competitiveness of conifer stumps in the procurement of forest chips for fuel in Southern and Northern Finland
Power regimes : mapping the DNA of business and supply chain relationships
A case study. Evaluation of utilization of ITIL Service Design Framework service definitions in hosting contract
First-time-right procurement : substitution of the paradox purchasing savings through first-time-right procurement (FTRP)
ABC-analysis and process cost comparison among three procurement methods
Impact of Economic Cycles on the Use of Alternative Procurement Methods in Construction
Museums and the appropriation of culture
Negotiation blueprinting for buyers : fact based negotiation with case study examples
Technology development and the pace of change are very rapid nowadays. This is why especially the manufacturing electronics industry needs to be aware of new technologies as soon as possible. Suppliers are gaining a more important role in companies' technology development. While companies focus on their core competencies, an increasing number of technologies are acquired from external sources and suppliers gain a more important role in companies' technology development. The purpose of this study was to establish a tool or channel to intensify information exchange between sourcing and R&D as well as between sourcing and suppliers. The work was focused on information exchange between sourcing and R&D and targeted to improve technology development monitoring by enhancing internal communication and the usage of market information. Literature was studied in the fields of technology management and internal communication, concentrating on the sourcing organization's external and internal interfaces. Non-structured interviews and discussions were conducted with selected R&D and sourcing personnel to map the current working methods and to collect comments and suggestions for the new working model. Using the findings from literature and interviews, a new working model was proposed to fulfill the purpose of this study. The new model is supposed to indicate Teleste's upcoming technological needs and product features so that sourcing is able to concentrate their resources in the right direction and steer supplier management in the wanted direction. Also centralized supplier-specific documentation can be supported by using the new model.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2012.
Human remains : conservation, retrieval, and analysis : proceedings of a conference held in Williamsburg, VA, Nov. 7-11th, 1999
The aim of this study was to evaluate cost competitiveness, at regional level, of various systems for stump transportation and grinding, and to compare the results to the procurement costs of delimbed stems from early thinnings at the stand and regional level. The accumulation and procurement costs of stumps and delimbed stems were estimated within a 100-kilometer radius from two power plants located in Kouvola and in Kajaani. The analyses were performed as simulated treatments in clear cuts and thinnings of young stands, using existing productivity and cost functions, alternative ash percentages for stump wood, and yield calculations based on the forest industry regeneration felling stand data and the sample plots data of the National Forest Inventory of Finland. The results were expressed as Euros per solid cubic meter (€ m-3) and Euros per megawatt hour (€ MWh-1). The results highlight the need to improve stump fuel quality and increase the heating value. The procurement cost of stumps was about 1 € MWh-1 lower in Kouvola compared to Kajaani, when using conceivable ash content of 6% for stumps ground at the plant, and ash content of 1.5% for stumps pre-ground at the roadside landing. The procurement costs of stumps were, on average, 0.55 € MWh-1 lower compared to delimbed stems in Kouvola, and on average 0.6 € MWh-1 higher in Kajaani. Pre-grinding and integrated screening is a feasible way to guarantee the fuel quality expressed as ash content already at roadside landings, but the procurement costs are higher compared to grinding stumps at the plant, when the ash content of ground stumps is 6% or less..
Supplier Selection Process: Far East Case Study for MML-Imports Ltd.
The supply chain imperative : how to ensure ethical behavior in your global suppliers
MyNP tool implementation in Nokia IT's Delivery Applications unit
Fighting corruption in public procurement : a comparative analysis of disqualification or debarment measures
Finnish Defence Forces is keeping its capabilities up-to-date by procuring material and services through its Logistics Command. This thesis describes a fictional classified aircraft weapon system procurement project which will be used as an example case. Using fictional project gives the writer a freedom to choose and combine most interesting and relative parts of real life projects to this case study and at the same time keeping it public and releasable. There are many methods for government-to-government procurements. But when purchase is capability driven and there is only one option to choose from based on capability requirements, it narrows the scope dramatically. In this case the subject of the procurement is classified aircraft weapon system manufactured in United States of America. Because of the nature of procurement customer has to, instead of choosing the purchase method, to follow the option that seller offers, the foreign military sales process. Foreign military sales is process where United States government sells military products or services to friendly nations. During this study, concepts of lifecycle and material capability were covered and foreign military sales as a process unwrapped. Foreign military sales process special features and effects of those to material capability building process were identified. Based on those, recommendations to improve interlacing Finnish and American processes were done.
The number of accessions in 2010 amounted to 652 vertebrate specimens, some 36,600 insects, and 11,231 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and some noteworthy records for Finland are reported..
Supplier Selection Based On AHP Method : Supplier from China for Suomen Koristetuonti
The herbarium accessions amount to 21,068 specimens, including 3,993 specimens of phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,558 of bryophytes, 42 of algae, and 14,475 of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Building material capability with FMS procurement process
Arts Council collection acquisitions 1989-2002 : an illustrated catalogue of sculpture, painting, drawing, photography, video and installation, artists' prints and multiples acquired for the Arts Council of England between 1989 and 2002
Prototype handling process in subcontracting projects
Analysis of the Puchasing Process
Government procurement in Japan : the way in
The forests handbook. Vol. 2, Applying forest science for sustainable management
The piano book : buying & owning a new or used piano
Vendor Managed Inventory : Case Wärtsilä Industrial Operations
Purchasing and Materials Management
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2014.
Guide for writing a bibliographer's manual
Comparison of outsourced operations in wood procurement in Finland and Slovakia
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,878 specimens, including 5,510 specimens of vascular plants, 2,767 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 11,566 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens), and 35 specimens of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Green public procurement and eco-labels
Strategic procurement management in the 1990s: concepts and cases
The number of accessions amounted to 633 vertebrates, 108,716 insects and 11,241 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed, and some noteworthy finds are recorded. Scophthalmus rhombus (L.) (Pisces) and Elachista deriventa Kaila & Mukkala (Insecta, Lepidoptera) are reported as new to Finland..
Accessing external expertise in small manufacturing firms
IT artefact renewal : triggers, timing and benefits
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2013.
Improving order fulfillment in an SME e-commerce company
EVA - The acquisition and archiving of electronic network publications in Finland
Stakeholders ́ competence expectations for RDSS organization
The herbarium accessions amount to 16,777 specimens, including 5,605 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,573 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 3,448 specimens of fungi and 5,151 specimens of lichens. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here.
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,919 specimens, including 6,570 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,103 specimens of bryophytes and algae, and 11,246 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Choosing Crumble
Outsourcing small-medium sized companies' purchasing department
The effect of e-procurement on purchasing
The number of accessions in 2013 amounted to 1,577 vertebrate specimens, 23,820 insects, and 2,931 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki in 2009.
The co-creation edge : harnessing big data to transform sales and procurement for business innovation
Keeping their marbles : how the treasures of the past ended up in museums ... and why they should stay there
Development of supply management in project business
Beginner's dog guide : your dog's first year
Further Development of Supplier Portal
How to choose and enjoy wine
Artic : paluu tulevaisuuteen = back to the future
Summary: "Perry's Department Store: A Buying Simulation bridges the gap between the principles of retail buying and mathematical concepts using a unique simulation approach that takes readers step-by-step through a real-life buying experience. Videtic and Steele present a simplified process for making complex buying decisions using the fictitious Perry's Department Store that walks students through the steps a new buyer would take to complete a six-month buying plan and a merchandise assortment plan for categories including junior, misses' bridge/contemporary, men's, children's, denim, accessories, or home fashion.The fourth edition has been revised with statistical information to reflect a more contemporary structure and business model for a successful department store.The new Perry's Department Store is organized to reflect a larger-scale department store in today's market. Students interact by researching current market and industry trends to build their business. The charts and forms in this book and companion website are replicas of those found in the retail and wholesale industry to expose student to the procedures and policies they can expect to find in a first job as an assistant buyer. This new edition and companion website launches students directly into the exciting role of a retail buyer in the fashion industry"--.
The long way home : the meanings and values of repatriation
The international sourcing decision process : an interview study
Bicycle : love your bike: the complete guide to everyday cyckling
This book is written by two people with 50+ years of experience on both the buy and sell sides of deals. The benefit to you as a reader is an understanding of holistic thinking and analysis based on multiple internal customer needs on our side and multiple stakeholders on the sales side.
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2009.
The future trends of purchasing and supply management in organisations
THE USE OF SOCIAL NETWORKING AS A MEANS OF FUNDRAISING – ANALYSIS OF UNICEF’S INTERNET-BASED DONATION TOOL
Improvement of indirect materials' purchasing centralization within business process service engagement : case: Company X
Retail category management : decision support systems for assortment, shelf space, inventory and price planning
The complete idiot's guide to playing piano
The aim of this thesis is to create a sourcing strategy for a Case company's Division X Project sourcing organization. The aim was also to use strategy model or tool and implement it to the Case company's way of working and environment. The work was conducted by analyzing internal documentation and guide lines and also by interviewing internal and external stakeholders. Customer point of view was heavily taken into consideration and what are the demands and expectations in now a day?s marine business environment. Strategy creation process were studied and the theory behind them. The aim was to study literature in order to understand strategy creation process and history of strategic purchasing. Under observation were Porter's Five forces model and Kraljic portfolio model and theory. Case company's internal and external stakeholder and customer expectations were investigated. This work was done by using survey of key personnel and stakeholders. Procurement strategy and corporate strategy were also studied and data was also collected by interviewing key personnel. In this chapter project sourcing material groups were identified and decided which ones are critical for sourcing point of view. It was decided to create sourcing strategy for automation category. In the last chapter all the data was collected and implemented to one of the strategy tool. Based on result of the tool guidelines and general strategy for Project Sourcing organization was created.
Sourcing of subsidiary administration services in a global company
Purchasing transformation
Supplier selection process in global sourcing : case: Lindstrom Oy, sourcing garments from Vietnam
RFID-Based wireless sensor data collection unit
Investigation of different types of electronic produrement systems : case: Lemcon Oy
IT integration after an acquisition or a merger : how corporations could enhance their IT acquisition integration processes
Your dream instrument : an insider's guide to buying violins, violas, cellos, basses & bows
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2012.
Public procurement law review
The number of accessions amounted to 895 vertebrates, 49,855 insects, and 9,714 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and some noteworthy records for Finland are reported. Bembidion obtusum Serv. and Polydrusus formosus (Mayer) (Insecta: Coleoptera), Culicoides dewulfi (Goetgh.) (Insecta: Diptera), and Thanatus arcticus Thorell and Palliduphantes insignis (O. P.-Cambr.) (Araneida) are reported as new to Finland..
Developing a purchase process : case: Prisma Peremarket AS
Purchasing portfolio analysis and supplier classification
