http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4501 cereal
cereal
Handbook of food products : grain and its products
Ancient grains : the complete guide to cooking with power-packed millet, oats, spelt, farro, sorghum & teff
The corn supply of ancient Rome
Wheat: chemistry and technology : volume 1
Names of cereals in the Turkic languages
Phytates in cereals and legumes
Abstract.
Free will and the nature of addiction
A cook's guide to grains : delicious recipes, culinary advice & nutritional facts
A two-factor field experiment was carried out at the Lithuanian Institute of Agriculture during the period 2005-2008. The influence of different tillage and fertilization practices on wheat grain fungal contamination was evaluated. Grain surface contamination and internal grain infection with fungi were quantified using agar tests. Purified colonies were identified using different manuals. A total of 16 fungal genera were identified in spring and winter wheat grains. Alternaria infected 46.3% - 99.9%, Cladosporium 26.9% - 77.8%, Fusarium 0.9% - 37.1%, Penicillium 1.3% - 2.5% of grains tested. Winter wheat grain surface contamination by fungi ranged from 7.2 × 103 to 24.8 × 103 of colony forming units per g of grain (cfu g-1), spring wheat from 14.8 × 103 to 80.3 × 103 cfu g-1. No-tillage increased winter wheat grain infection by Alternaria, Aspergillus and Cladosporium species and total count of cfu g-1 on spring wheat grain surface. High fertilizer rates resulted in an increase in spring wheat grain infection by Fusarium and Penicillium species and total count of cfu g-1 on both spring and winter wheat grain surface.
Skin-prick test and RAST responses to cereals in children with atopic dermatitis : characterization of IfE-binding components in wheat and oats by an immunoblotting method
Antioxidative long chain alkylresorcinols : synthesis and deuterium labelling of bioactive compounds present in whole grains
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitory peptides in Finnish cereals : a database survey
Contents of trichothecenes in oats during official variety, organic cultivation and nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
We reviewed quantitatively 40 Finnish field experiments related to the effect of nitrogen (N) fertilizer on the main parameters of grain quality and N uptake of spring cereals. The experiments were conducted on a wide range of mineral soils under varying growth conditions from the 1950s to the 1990s. Overall there was no statistically significant effect on 1000 grain weight and a slightly negative effect on grain test weight. Nitrogen fertilizer increased N uptake much more steeply in slightly acidic soils (SA, pH 5.8-6.9), located mostly in South Finland, than in moderately acidic soils (MA, pH 5.0-5.7), located in Central Finland. With increasing N rates, protein content increased to a larger extent in spring barley and oats than in spring wheat. In the light of the current trend to reduce N fertilizerapplication, the obtained regressions between N rates and the parameters of grain quality may be used to maintain yield quality at a desirable level, while optimizing N management.
Yield trends of temperate cereals in high lattitude countries from 1940 to 1998.
Encyclopedia of grain science. Vol. 1, [A-F]
Weeds : Journal of the Weed Society of America
Impact dehulling oat grain to improve quality of on-farm produced feed. 1, Hullability and associated changes in nutritive value and energy content
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
The Fusarium mycotoxins in Finnish cereal grains : how to control and manage the risk
Apparent ileal digestibility of amino acids in wet wheat protein and soya bean meal for growing pigs
Export subsidies in an imperfectly competitive market when market share matters : the case of international wheat trade
Pesticide monitoring in Finland 1999 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
Study on trichothecenes, zearalenone and ochratoxin A in Finnish cereals: occurrence and analytical techniques
Prospects for Soviet grain production
Timing applications of growth regulators to alter spring cereal development at high latitudes
Wheat grain samples from 108 fields in Slovakia were analysed for their technological quality parameters and deoxynivalenol (DON) content. A total of 206 samples were sorted into those that were suitable (S; n = 186) and those that were unsuitable for human consumption (U; n = 20). The S samples were sorted into grain quality grades (E - elite; A - standard; B - minimum; P - biscuit). The natural occurrences of DON were 72.3 % in the E; 84.9 % in the A; 86.1 % in the B; 58.1 % in the P and 100.0 % in the U samples. The mean DON content was 0.55 mg kg−1 in the E; 0.47 mg kg−1 in the A; 0.67 mg kg−1 in the B; 0.36 mg kg−1 in the P and 1.67 mg kg−1 in the U samples. The natural mean DON contamination of the human consumption samples was lower (0.52 mg kg−1) than for the samples that were unsuitable for human consumption (1.67 mg kg−1).
Germination : a means to improve the functionality of oat
The grain market in the Roman empire : a social, political and economic study
Effects of gluten and transglutaminase on microstructure, sensory characteristics and instrumental texture of oat bread
The weed flora in conventionally and organically grown spring cereals was investigated in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009. The survey was conducted in 16 regions, 283 farms and 595 fields (72 organically cropped and 523 conventionally cropped fields, of which 503 were treated with herbicides). The occurrence of weeds was assessed in late July-early August. Altogether 148 weed species were identified, of which 128 were broad-leaved and 20 grass species. In organically cropped fields, the average species number per field was 21 and the most frequent species were Chenopodium album 96%, Stellaria media 94%, Viola arvensis 94% and Elymus repens 89%. In conventionally cropped fields, the average species number was 12 and the most frequent weed species were Viola arvensis 83%, Stellaria media 65%, Galeopsis spp. 59% and Galium spurium 59%. The average density of weeds was 160 m-2 (median = 112) in sprayed conventional fields and 519 m-2 (468) in organic fields. The average air-dry biomass of weeds was 167 kg ha-1 (median = 82) and 775 kg ha-1 (563), respectively. Elymus repens, the most frequent and abundant grass species, produced the highest proportion (about 30%) of the total weed biomass in both cropping systems. The frequency of Galium spurium in conventional cropping and Fumaria officinalis in organic cropping had increased substantially since the previous survey in 1997-1999. The average size of the weed seedbank in the 5 cm surface layer was about 1 700 seeds m-2, the most predominant seeds being of C. album. Although the weed flora in Finnish spring cereal fields consists of numerous species, only a fraction of them severely threaten crop production in terms of their frequency and abundance. Weeds in conventional cropping were effectively controlled with available herbicides whereas weed management in organic cropping calls for urgent measures such as direct mechanical weed control in crop stands, which was not practised at all in survey fields.
ESEGP-2, 2nd European Symposium on Enzymes in Grain Processing, December 8-10, 1999,  Kalastajatorppa, Helsinki, Finland
Occurrence and properties of steryl ferulates and glycosides in wheat and rye
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) on cultivation of winter triticale, winter oilseed rape, winter wheat and maize. The average annual yields and protein yield achieved in crop rotation were studied. The field trials were carried out in north-eastern Poland in 2006-2010. The factor was dose of MBM: 1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1 or 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 and 5.0 t ha-1 every other year. The four-year experiment has proven that MBM is a valuable nitrogen and phosphorus fertilizer in cultivation of cereals and oilseed rape. By amendment of the tested meal into the soil it produced crop yield and protein yield similar to that achieved by mineral fertilization. However, the crude fat yield of rape was significantly higher under the influence of all the MBM doses. The yield-stimulating effect of MBM did not depend on the frequency of its application; therefore it is more convenient to apply it once every two years. Increasing MBM from 1.5 to 2.5 t ha-1 did not significantly increase any of the four crop yields, therefore for soils that had satisfactory nutrients content, 1 or 1.5 t ha-1 MBM is enough and increasing MBM will only increase economic burden for farmers and environmental risks.
The benefits of biochar (BC) application to fertile, non-acidic soils in temperate climate regions might not always be as evident as for highly weathered tropical soils. The aim of our study was to investigate the effects of BC on soil characteristics, nutrient uptake and crop yield in field experiments on two temperate soils (Cambisol and Chernozem) in Austria. Maize and wheat (Cambisol), and barley and sunflower (Chernozem) were grown in successive vegetation periods following different BC application rates (0, 24 and 72 t ha-1 at the start of the experiment), supplemented with identical mineral N supply in 33 m² plots. BC treatments showed varying impacts on nutrient uptake of the investigated crops. The first growing season in the Chernozem region was affected by a prolonged drought period, which resulted in positive effects of BC on soil water-holding capacity (WHC) and barley crop yield (+ 10%) for the 72 t ha-1 BC + N treatment compared to a control with identical nutrient supply but without BC. However, maize and wheat grain yield decreased by 46 and 70%, respectively, after the highest BC application rate (72 t ha-1) in an additional treatment without supplementary N-fertilisation. Still, even with high BC application rates we did not observe any adverse effects on crop yield and nutrient uptake, as long as the soil was supplied with sufficient N according to local agricultural practice.
Effects of winter feeding strategies with alternative feeds on the performance of mature suckler cows and their progeny
Weeds in spring cereal fields in Finland - a third survey
Commentationes humanarum litterarum : tomus 34 nr. 1-2
Cereal banks - at your service? : the story of Toundeu-Patar, a village somewhere in the Sahel
The effects of conventional and organic farming system on some quality parameters of grains were studied in winter and spring common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet. Under organic farming conditions, spelt wheat was characterized by the most favorable grain chemical composition (essential amino acids index [EAAI] 85.3, o-dihydroxyphenol 2.00 g kg-1, nitrogen [N] 23.5 g kg-1, magnesium [Mg] 705, zinc [Zn] 32.9 mg kg-1), followed by millet (total dietary fiber [TDF] 185.3 g kg-1, Mg 904, copper [Cu] 6.27, iron [Fe] 57.0 mg kg-1). The above-mentioned cereals also showed a satisfactory yield level under the organic system (spelt wheat 2.69, proso millet 1.42 t ha-1). Both in winter and spring common wheat organic farming led a significant reduction in productivity, but the content of chemical components in grain (dihydroxyphenols—spring wheat 1.68 g kg-1, winter wheat 1.74 g kg-1; selenium [Se]—spring wheat 53.4 mg kg-1, winter wheat 40.5 mg kg-1; some amino acids—spring wheat valine [Val] 5.11, methionine [Met] 2.09, tryptophan [Trp] 0.40 g kg-1, winter wheat glutamate [Glu] 41.9, proline [Pro] 15.3, glysine [Gly] 5.24, arginine [Arg] 5.04, [Trp] 0.97 g kg-1) was more favorable compared to the conventional system. The present study showed that the organic farming system does not result in reduced productivity neither in spelt wheat or proso millet, but contributes to an improvement in their grain quality parameters. On the other hand, common wheat performed better under the conventional system..
Chinese grain economy and policy
Research proposals for a grain storage project : two minor field studies performed at the Agricultural Engineering Institute, Harare
Cooking with wholefoods : healthy and wholesome recipes for grains, pulses, legumes and beans
The management of fungicide resistance in cereals in Finland
Cereal carboxypeptidases : occurrence, properties and possible functions
Heidegger and the will : on the way to Gelassenheit
Variability in grain yields : implications for agricultural research and policy in developing countries
Whole-grain foods in health and disease
Grain quality and N uptake of spring cereals as affected by nitrogen fertilization in northern conditions : a meta-analysis
Fungi, rats, insects : thieves of stored grain, how to fight them!
Cereals and cereal products : chemistry and technology
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar - your brain’s silent killers
Cereals and cereal products : third supplement to McCance and Widdowson's the composition of foods
Effect of supplemental vitamin E on the performance of growing-finishing pigs fed stored versus freshly harvested barley and on the storage stability and eating quality of frozen pork
Effect of annually repeated undersowing on cereal grain yields
Biotechnology and developing country agriculture : the case of maize
Do farmers rapidly adapt to past growing conditions by sowing different proportions of early and late maturing cereals and cultivars?
Immunochemical analysis of prolamins in gluten-free foods
Will and economic behavior : [papers read at the international symposium organized in Stockholm, April 1-3, 1993]
Estimated metabolizable energy yields of perennial and annual grass swards compared with those of spring barley and oat
Modernization of the electrical centre of a grain dryer
Effects of feed processing on the apparent ileal digestibility of amino acids in pig diets containing wheat bran or wheat middlings
Non-enzymatic degradation of (1→3)(1→4)-β-D-glucan in aqueous processing of oats
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
The Future of the North American granary : politics, economics, and resource constraints in north American agriculture
Muslim death and burial : Arab customs and traditions studied in a village in Jordan
Composition, digestibility and nutritive value of cereals for dogs
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
World commodity outlook 1988 : food, feedstuffs & beverages
2nd European Symposium on Enzymes in Grain Processing, ESEGP-2, Helsinki, Finland, 8-10 December, 1999
Viscosity of beta-glucan in oat products
Consumer driven cereal innovation : where science meets industry
Digestibility and amino acid availability in cereals and oilseeds
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Healthgrain methods : analysis of bioactive components in small grain cereals
Barley : chemistry and technology
Characterising strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats in producing naked oat as a novel crop for northern growing conditions
Insects of stored grain : a pocket reference
Simulation of spring wheat responses to elevated CO2 and temperature by using CERES-wheat crop model
Climatic signatures in crops and grain prices in 19th-century Sweden
Encyclopedia of grain science. Vol. 2, [G-P]
Deliberation of self-improvement in Leibniz
Seed proteins : biochemistry, genetics, nutritive value
Apparent ileal amino acid digestibility and the nutritive value of the triticale cultivars Moreno and Ulrika for growing-finishing pigs
Low grain protein often restricts the use of grain lots for milling in Finland. Nitrogen availability during grain-filling may restrict grain protein accumulation, particularly in high yielding environments. Slow-release fertilizers could potentially sustain nitrogen availability during the grain-filling period. The aim of this study was to increase plant nitrogen uptake, grain yield and grain protein response of spring wheat cultivar "Amaretto", using combinations of a regular and slow-release compound NPK fertilizer. Fertilizer treatment effects on grain yield was modest, however, slow-release fertilizer treatments lowered grain protein content as well as grain, straw and total plant N compared with control treatment. The total plant N was 10 to 27 kg ha-1 lower following application of slow-release fertilizer. The results clearly indicate that the release of N by the slow-release fertilizer tested in this trial was too slow for cool Finnish growing conditions.
Storage of cereal grains and their products
Grain markets in Europe, 1500-1900 : integration and deregulation
The Nordic cereal industry towards year 2000 : proceedings from the 26th Nordic Cereal Congress : May, 12-15, 1996, Haugesund, Norway
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
The emergence of cereal fungal diseases and the incidence of leaf spot diseases in Finland
Effects of physical treatment of barley and rapeseed meal in dairy cows given grass silage-based diets
Feeding whole grain with pelleted diets to growing broiler chickens
The famine plot persuasion in eighteenth-century France
Rural markets, food-grain prices and famines : (a study on selected regions in Ethiopia)
Nourish the people : the state civilian granary system in China, 1650-1850
Maize and winter wheat production with different soil tillage systems on silty loam
The effect of structure on the dilute solution properties of branched polysaccharides studied with SEC and AsFlFFF
CAP working notes : 1995. Arable crops : cereals, oilseeds, protein plants
Weed flora in organically grown spring cereals in Finland
Volatile fungal metabolites as indicators of mould growth in stored cereals
True and false intentions : mental images of the future
Chlormequat chloride and ethephon affect growth and yield formation of conventional, naked and dwarf oat
Essays on socially optimal phosphorus policies in crop production
In the short growing season of the northernmost European growing conditions, farmers are increasingly interested in expanding cultivation of later maturing crops at the expense of early maturing ones with lower yields. In this study we aimed to assess how the switching between spring cereals that differ in earliness was associated with different external factors. This was tested using unique datasets for regional cropping areas and cultivar use for the last 15 years. Early maturing barley was favored at the expense of later maturing wheat when a high number of days to crop maturity was required in the preceding year. In contrast, farmers reduced the barley area when a high number of cumulated degree days was required for a crop to mature in the previous year. A shift was recorded from early to late maturing cultivars. This study indicated that despite limited opportunities for farmers to alter land use, they readily responded to past conditions and used the knowledge gained for decision-making to reduce risk. This is a valuable operative model for studying adaptation to opportunities and constraints induced by climate change.
The fight against cereal pests : deltamethrin file
Principles of cereal science and technology
Mycotoxins in grain : compounds other than aflatoxin
Postharvest biotechnology of cereals
Protection of farm-stored grains and oilseeds from insects, mites, and molds
Export subsidies in an imperfectly competitive market when market share matters: the case of international wheat trade
First report of Diuraphis (Holcaphis) frequens as a pest of wheat in Finland
The content of dietary fiber, amino acids, dihydroxyphenols and some macro- and micronutrients in grain of conventionally and organically grown common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet
The best of intentions
The gluten-free kitchen
Cereal science and technology in Sweden : proceedings from an international symposium June 13th-16th, 1988 Ystad, Sweden
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2008-2015 = Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015
Mechanical properties of oats and oat products
Optimal hedging strategies for Swedish grain agents
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland - 2008 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
General description of the mechanisms of the Community agricultural market. 1, Crop products
Exports of cereals by source and destination 1990/91 = Exportations de céréales par provenance et destination 1990/91 = Exportaciones de cereales por origen y destino 1990/91
Nordic cereal interests : abstracts from the 29th Nordic Cereal Congress : June 9-11, 2006, University of Helsinki, Finland
Cereal pests and diseases
Biochar application to temperate soils : effects on nutrient uptake and crop yield under field conditions
On-farm drying and storage systems
Endosperm : developmental and molecular biology
Crop and soil specific N and P efficiency and productivity in Finland
Cereal grains : properties, processing, and nutritional attributes
Coffee. Vol. 5, Related beverages
Trace element concentrations in the grain of wheat cultivars as affected by nitrogen fertilization
Engineering aspects of cereal and cereal-based products
The total soluble phenolic compounds (TSPC) and antioxidant activity (AA) of 113 tetraploid wheat samples including cultivars, landraces, and wild accessions of different Triticum turgidum subspecies, were assessed to point out potential sources for cereal-based functional foods. TSPC ranged from 1.28 to 3.15 mg g-1 as ferulic acid equivalents and AA, assessed by 2,2-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazyl radical scavenging capacity test, ranged from 47.5% to 81.7%. Among cultivars of ssp. durum, the highest levels were observed in "Timilia" and "Svevo", while the ssp. dicoccoides showed the highest TSPC and AA among the accessions. The principal component analysis of data discriminated cultivars from wild accessions, and PC1 explained about 62% of variability. The TSPC were negatively correlated with thousand-kernel weight and grain yield per spike, while were positively correlated with AA, grain protein content, polyphenol oxidase activity, and brown index of whole meal and dough. The cultivar "Langdon"coupled high TSPC and low brownness.
Soil nitrate N as influenced by annually undersown cover crops in spring cereals
The effect of nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations on nutrient balances of cereals and grass silage
Feeding the democracy : the Athenian grain supply in the fifth and fourth centuries B.C
Primary cereal processing : a comprehensive sourcebook
Cereal diseases : their pathology and control
Cereal quality III : [proceedings of the third AAB conference on cereal quality held at] Churchill College, Cambridge from 13-15th December 1993.
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
Food protein from grains and oilseeds : a development study projected to 1980
Rural poverty report 2001 : the challenge of ending rural poverty
Cereal policies review
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
Advances in cereal science : implications to food processing and health promotion
Cereal killers : celiac disease and gluten-free A to Z
The phytic acid (PA), inorganic phosphorus (Pi), yellow pigment (YP), water soluble phenolics (WSPH) and free protein sulfhydryl groups (PSH) of 15 Triticum aestivum and 15 Triticum durum wheats grown at six different environments were evaluated for variability, intra- and inter- relations with agronomic traits. The most variable properties in bread wheat were YP and WSPH with coefficients of variation (CV) amounting to 14.59% and 14.10%, respectively, while in durum wheat those were PSH and YP with CV of 17.59% and 15.02%, respectively. PA in durum wheat showed the least variability (CV 3.61%). Among others, positive associations were obtained between WSPH and YP in bread and durum wheat, YP and PSH, WSPH and PSH, yield (YLD) and WSPH, YLD and PSH in durum wheat, while negative associations were recorded for PA and YP, PA and WSPH, YLD and antioxidants (YP and WSPH) in bread wheat, PA and antioxidants, PA and YLD in durum wheat..
Demand for functional foods that offer therapeutic and disease-prevention properties is globally increasing. Barley presents an opportunity in this regard due to its high antioxidants and dietary fiber contents. Barley wholegrain and milling fractions were investigated in terms of phenolic acids composition, scavenging capacity against DPPH and ABTS radicals and inhibition of human LDL oxidation in vitro. Ferulic and p-coumaric were the primary phenolic acids in wholegrain and pearled fractions accounting for 43-97% and 2-55% of total phenolic acids, respectively. This wide range demonstrates significant differences among barley wholegrain or pearled products. Antioxidant capacities also varied significantly among barleys with the hulless cultivars tested exhibiting the greatest. The outer layers fraction showed higher scavenging capacity against ABTS and DPPH radicals and inhibitory effects toward LDL oxidation compared with the endosperm fractions. The results suggest that the outer layer and hull fractions would potentially provide promising sources of natural antioxidants.
Cereals, key crops for the future : 27th Nordic Cerealist Conference : abstracts : Lo-skolen Helsingør, Denmark May 9-11, 1999.
Variability of total soluble phenolic compounds and antioxidant activity in a collection of tetraploid wheat
Three winter wheat cultivars were grown under low-N and high-N fertilization rates over two growing seasons. In spite of smaller 1000-grain weight, the high-N fertilization produced higher grain yields as well as grain N and trace element concentrations in both growing seasons. Trace element increments with high-N rate averaged 14.0% for Fe, 9.2% for Zn, 19.7% for Mn, 13.2% for Cu, 15.1% for Ni, and 23.0% for Cd. Only Na concentration was unaffected by N fertilization, whereas Pb and Cr were below detection limits. Absolutely small, but significant differences existed among tested cultivars for all trace elements and these cultivar effects were uniform on both N fertilization rates. However, cultivars differed in their rankings for trace element concentrations across two growing seasons and these specific responses appeared to be closely related to grain N.
Grain marketing is simple : it's just not easy
Relationships between climate and winter cereal grain quality in Finland and their potential for forecasting
Cereal grain : mycotoxins, fungi and quality in drying and storage
Composition of weed flora in spring cereals in Finland : a fourth survey
Wheat belly : lose the wheat, lose the weight, and find your path back to health
The grain market
Performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on silages made of whole-crop barley, whole-crop wheat, hairy vetch and grass
Vegetables, whole grains, and their derivatives in cancer prevention
Cereal disease methodology manual
Aspects of the world feed-livestock economy : structural changes, prospects and issues
International code for the safe carriage of grain in bulk : international grain code
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Finnish Grain Quality in 2013.
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
Wheat : botany, cultivation, and utilization
Microbial protein synthesis, digestion and lactation responses of cows to grass or grass-red clover silage diet supplemented with barley or oats
Slow-release fertilizer to increase grain N content in spring wheat
Supergrains : quinoa, wheat, farro, spelt, amaranth, buckwheat, barley, corn, wild rice, millet, teff, sorghum, chia, oats, rice, kamut, rye, triticale
The effect of different tillage-fertilization practices on the mycoflora of wheat grains
Impact dehulling oat grain to improve quality of on-farm produced feed. 2, Groat breakage and storability
Role of lipid reactions in quality of oat products
Phenolic acids and antioxidant properties of barley wholegrain and pearling fractions
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Bread, beer, and the seeds of change : agriculture's impact on world history
Brain maker : the power of gut microbes to heal and protect your brain - for life
CRC handbook of transportation and marketing in agriculture
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Genetically modified crops : assessing safety
Study on trichothecenes, zearalenone and ochratoxin A in Finnish cereals : occurrence and analytical techniques
Weeds : simple lessons for children
Drying and storage of agricultural crops
Digestion of corn and ammonia removal in a lab scale digester
Phytic acid, inorganic phosphorus, antioxidants in bread and durum wheat and their associations with agronomic traits
Non-wood plants as raw material for pulp and paper
This book explores the economic, social and political forces that shaped the grain market in the Roman Empire. Examining studies on food supply and the grain market in pre-industrial Europe, it addresses questions of productivity, division of labour, market relations and market integration. The social and political aspects of the Roman grain market are also considered. Dr Erdkamp illustrates how entitlement to food in Roman society was dependent on relations with the emperor, his representatives and the landowning aristocracy, and local rulers controlling the towns and hinterlands. He assesses the response of the Roman authorities to weaknesses in the grain market and looks at the implications of the failure of local harvests. By examining the subject from a contemporary perspective, this book will appeal not only to historians of ancient economies, but to all concerned with the economy of grain markets, a subject which still resonates today.
Suggested recommendations for the fumigation of grain in the ASEAN region. Part 1, Principles and general practice
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
Fungal plant pathogens causing cereal diseases in Finland have been studied by a literature survey, and a field survey of cereal leaf spot diseases conducted in 2009. Fifty-seven cereal fungal diseases have been identified in Finland. The first available references on different cereal fungal pathogens were published in 1868 and the most recent reports are on the emergence of Ramularia collo-cygni and Fusarium langsethiae in 2001. The incidence of cereal leaf spot diseases has increased during the last 40 years. Based on the field survey done in 2009 in Finland, Pyrenophora teres was present in 86%, Cochliobolus sativus in 90% and Rhynchosporium secalis in 52% of the investigated barley fields. Mycosphaerella graminicola was identified for the first time in Finnish spring wheat fields, being present in 6% of the studied fields. Stagonospora nodorum was present in 98% and Pyrenophora tritici-repentis in 94% of spring wheat fields. Oat fields had the fewest fungal diseases. Pyrenophora chaetomioides was present in 63% and Cochliobolus sativus in 25% of the oat fields studied.
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Agency and responsibility : a common-sense moral psychology
Triticale improvement and production
Effect of conservation tillage and peat application on weed infestation on a clay soil
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen and phosphorus supplier to cereals and oilseed rape
Nutritional quality of cereal grains : genetic and agronomic improvement
Mycotoxin survey of wheat samples graded according to their technological quality
Effects of dietary carbohydrate modification on persons with metabolic syndrome : a transcriptomics approach of adipose tissue
Amino acid composition and biological value of cereal proteins : proceedings of the International Association for Cereal Chemistry Symposium on Amino Acid Composition and Biological Value of Cereal Proteins, Budabest, Hungary, May 31 - June 1, 1983
Seed technology and its biological basis
Effects of expanding on the nutritive value of wheat bran in pig diets
The food industry in Senegal, with particular reference to the processing of grains, fisheries products and milk products
Encyclopedia of grain science. Vol. 3, [Q-Z]
Exploitation of physiological and genetic variability to enhance crop productivity
IgA and IgG binding components of wheat, rye, barley and oats recognized by immunoblotting analysis with sera from adult atopic dermatitis patients
Forward hedging under price and production risk of wheat
