http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4508 fund raising
fund raising
Crowdfunding as a way of financing start-ups in Poland
The sponsorship seeker's toolkit
Sponsorship for a return on investment
THE USE OF SOCIAL NETWORKING AS A MEANS OF FUNDRAISING – ANALYSIS OF UNICEF’S INTERNET-BASED DONATION TOOL
Fundraising and investor relations in social enterprise : Marketing your way out of the pioneer gap in African off-grid renewable energy
Strategy or survival? : the economic crisis and its effects on affiliate contemporary art museums : cases of PS1 and Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma
Internet management for nonprofits  : strategies, tools & trade secrets
Shows how best-practice sponsorship is not only achievable, but sensible and straightforward. In this title, new material includes the integration of social media into existing strategies, developing leverage ideas for proposals, more case studies, and important trends in the world of corporate sponsorship.
Fundraising fundamentals : a guide to annual giving for professionals and volunteers
Marketing communication channels for fundraising in Finnish non-profit organisations : case: UFF
Organizing for collective action : the political economies of associations
Relationship fundraising : a donor-based approach to the business of raising money
Meet charities online : How can charities utilize social media as a promotional tool?
The fifth edition of Management and the Arts provides you with theory and practical applications from all arts management perspectives including planning, marketing, finance, economics, organization, staffing, and group dynamics. Regardless of whether you are a manager in a theatre, museum, dance company, or opera, you will gain useful insights into strategic planning, organization, and integrated management theories. Case studies, statistics, and real-world examples will allow you get a handle on all aspects of arts managements, from budgeting and fundraising, to e-marketing and social networking, to working effectively with boards and staff members. Revised to reflect the latest thinking and trends in managing organizations and people, this fifth edition features class-tested questions in each chapter, which help you to integrate the material and develop ideas about how the situations and problems could have been handled. Case studies focus on the challenges facing managers and organizations every day, and "In the News" quotes give you real-world examples of principles and theories.
More than a thank you note : academic library fundraising for the dean or director
Enterprising nonprofits : a toolkit for social entrepreneurs
Backgrounds Non-profit organizations (NPOs) have considerable contributions to a nation nowadays such as creating more jobs, generating more GDP. These organizations have also occupied the attention of researchers for several years, especially new dimensions of marketing communications in non-profit context. For example, Damayani (2006) conducted a research on communications in drawing customers' attention into new and improved offerings of a community library. Perkins (2009) researched on a valuable approach to build and sustain relationship with different individuals, groups, communities and other organizations in USA. Non-profit Technology Network (2012) researched possibly effective communication channels for NPOs. Therefore, issues of marketing communication in NPOs are worth considering to research.In addition, fundraising is reported to be the top priority communication goals in NPOs 2014, according to Nonprofit Marketing Guide.com 2014; Finland is informed to be a country having a large number of NPOs (157000 organization in 2007), according to National Report Finland, European Commission (2007). However, studies on marketing communication were limited only to US regions and did not cover areas of other countries, such as Finland. Therefore, it is significant to do research into the topic of marketing communications to attract fundraising in Finnish NPOs. Objective The thesis focuses on research on marketing communication channels that can be utilized to raise fund for Finnish NPOs. Methodology In this thesis, case study research method was chosen to fulfill the research objective. UFF was used as a case study of this research. The data were collected from primary and secondary sources. Primary data were extracted from a semi-structured interview.Secondary data were mainly obtained from documentaries. Findings The findings of this research reveal that low-cost advertising, public relations, personal selling, direct marketing, website and social media can be utilized in Finnish NPOs to raise fund. However, the findings do not show clearly that whether or not sales promotion can be used in such organizations
Successful Finnish Banking Performance in Global Financial Crisis : Comparative study of British bank, Northern Rock against the Finnish banking sector
Nonprofit marketing : marketing management for charitable and nongovernmental organizations
Implementation of quality cost management tool in dyadic purchaser-provider relationship context
Marketing management for nonprofit organizations
Venture capital and private equity : a casebook. Vol. 2
The main aim of this study is to investigate market opportunities for a sustainable solution to inadequate project grants and funding for Joensuu Family House. Joensuu Family House is a strategic not-for-profit Non-Governmental Organization (NGO). For this reason, it depends on the goodwill of donor agencies, individuals and corporate organizations, particularly the Finnish Raha-automaattiyhdistys (RAY). This study provides strategic means through partnership with companies to attain a relative financial security for the NGO. The execution of this study comprised of an electronic questionnaire which was emailed to some companies located in North Karelia, face to face interviews with key officials of the Save the Children, Lähiötalo and Joensuu Family House (Perheentalo) in Finland. Ananalysis of secondary data obtained from online databases is included as well. The result of the study shows that there are companies interested in a Joensuu Family House partnership initiative. Although the NGO’s main focus is to obtain financial partnership, most companies are willing to volunteer their services as well as products. However, most of the companies are willing to partner up because of several otherreasons.
The thesis is about work orientation and it is commissioned by the Finnish Red Cross. It aims at improving the orientation methods of the Finnish Red Cross. The outcome of the thesis is a confidential orientation guide for the new fundraisers of the Finnish Red Cross. The purpose of the guide is to pass on the most relevant information regarding the position. The orientation guide also covers topics such as work motivation and the responsibilities of a fundraiser and a team leader. The guide includes a self-assessment form that aims at improving performance at work. The research question to be answered in the thesis is “What does a good orientation guide for the new face-to-face fundraisers of the Finnish Red Cross include”. The research methods used in the thesis were interviews conducted for the face-to-face coordinators, the fundraising manager and the fundraising planner. The research conducted was a qualitative research. The theoretical framework of the thesis consists of theories on work orientation, motivation and non-profit organisations. Those were topical for the sake of the thesis. Additionally the author's personal working experience as a fundraiser was utilised in the thesis. The orientation guide produced here focuses on three main themes: providing the most important information for the new face-to-face fundraiser at the Finnish Red Cross, presenting tools for self-assessment, and helping the employees achieve better results at work. The orientation guide created for the Finnish Red Cross is confidential and therefore is not included in this thesis report. However the table of contents of the guide can be seen in Appendix 1. The produced orientation guide has been read and accepted by the contact person of the Finnish Red Cross. Therefore the guide can be used as a part of the orientation process of the new face-to-face fundraisers and the goal of the thesis has been reached. Further research on how the orientation guide has affected the face-to-face fundraisers work would be interesting.
B2T manual for corporate treasuries
Sports fundraising : dynamic methods for schools, universities and youth sport organizations
Nonprofit management : principles and practice
The profitable artist : a handbook for all artists in the performing, literary, and visual arts
Jack draws anything
The money-raising nonprofit brand : motivating donors to give, give happily, and keep on giving
Successful fundraising for arts and cultural organizations
Find the funds : a new approach to fundraising research
Fundraising the SMART way : predictable, consistent income growth for your charity
In 2000, Bill and Hillary Clinton owed millions of dollars in legal debt. Since then, they've earned over $130 million. Where did the money come from? Most people assume that the Clintons amassed their wealth through lucrative book deals and high-six figure fees for speaking gigs. Now, Peter Schweizer shows who is really behind those enormous payments
Principles of fundraising : theory and practice
How to run a theatre : a witty, practical and fun guide to arts management
Fundraising management : analysis, planning and practice
Asking properly : the art of creative fundraising
Nonprofit kit for dummies
Nonprofit organizations and the web : case stydy : redesigning sos-lapsikyla.fi
"Why commercial-style branding doesn't work for nonprofits--and what doesTaking its cue from for-profit corporations, the nonprofit world has increasingly turned to commercial-style branding to raise profiles and encourage giving. But it hasn't worked. Written by a longtime industry insider, this book argues that branding strategies borrowed from for-profit companies hasn't just failed, but has actually discouraged giving. But why does branding--a well-developed discipline with a history of commercial success--fail when applied to nonprofits? The Money-Raising Nonprofit Brand + Website argues that commercial-style branding is the wrong tool applied in the wrong way to the wrong industry. Offers a real-world fundraising strategies that work in the nonprofit world Disabuses readers of the dangerous notion that commercial-style marketing works in the fundamentally different nonprofit world Written by an industry insider with 25 years of experience raising funds for many of the most successful nonprofits in the world Nonprofit fundraising is a fundamentally different world--financially, emotionally, and practically--than commercial marketing. Here, the author explains why commercial marketing strategies don't work and provides practical, experience-based alternatives that do"--
Profits for nonprofits : the affect of new fundraising methods on public relations
Partnership with companies as a strategic choice for fundraising
Equity crowdfunding for investors : a guide to risks, returns, regulations, funding portals, due diligence, and deal terms
Brand raising : how nonprofits raise visibility and money through smart communications
Structured products in wealth management
Nonprofit Kit for dummies
Arts management : uniting arts and audiences in the 21st century
Attracting and maintaining funders after an internal crisis in an arts organization case : dance theatre of Harlem
Get backed : craft your story, build the perfect pitch deck, launch the venture of your dreams
Setting up and running charity shops : an essential guide
Nonprofit marketing best practices
Developing your case for support
Clinton cash : the untold story of how and why foreign governments and businesses helped make Bill and Hillary rich
Special events : proven strategies for nonprofit fundraising
Welcome on board : an orientation guide for the face-to-face fundraisers of the Finnish Red Cross
The influence of small events on charity work and volunteerism : A case study of famine in Somalia and Kenya
Starting an online business all-in-one for dummies
Fundraising with businesses : 40 new (and improved!) strategies for nonprofits
Show me the money : how to find the cash to get your business off the ground
The Routledge companion to nonprofit marketing
"Designed for students and practitioners with little experience in not-for-profit management, Arts Management provides an indispensable guide to the theory and practice of managing arts and cultural organizations. This concise text engages readers with case studies and critical-thinking exercises that will develop their ability to adapt to a changing industry. From governance and human resources to program development, financial management, and marketing, Arts Management addresses the unique atmosphere of managing the arts today. It meets the standards of the AAAE (Association of Arts Administration Educators) guaranteeing that both current and future practitioners will be prepared to meet the challenges of managing today's arts organizations"--
Experiences on funding independent record production through crowdfunding
Budgeting handbook for a small non-profit organisation in India : case organisation: ATMA
Marketing strategy for a new fundraising agency
Management and the arts
Library project funding : a guide to planning and writing proposals
The DIY filmmaker : life lessons for surviving outside Hollywood
