http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4511 interpretation (cognition)
interpretation (cognition)
The content analysis of dreams
Interpreting law and literature : a hermeneutic reader
Baby signs
New Heritage : New Media and Cultural Heritage
Tell me a picture : adventures in looking at art
Gender myths and feminist fables : the struggle for interpretive power in gender and development
The problem of pinning down the process of interpretation and analysis in ethnology
On law and reason
The end of early music : a period performer ́s history of music for the twenty-first century
Music, text and translation
Contemporary aesthetics
"Our lifestyle is not under negotiation" : the sociological presumptions in the work of Amartya Sen and in the World Bank's World development report
Enhanced processing of SPOT multispectral satellite imagery for environmental monitoring and modelling
Comparative law in a changing world
Musical interpretation in performance
Priestly rule : polemic and biblical interpretation in Ezekiel 44
The meaning of the word : lexicology and Qur'anic exegesis
Prophetic oracles in the books of Isaiah and Ezekiel evidence tensions about the Jerusalem temple and its priesthood in Persian Yehud. MacDonald's Priestly Rule challenges the scholarly consensus about how these texts relate to each other. He demonstrates how important written prophetic oracles were in the early Jewish community and disputes the dominance of a Zadokite priestly family in the Second Temple period.
D-Day in history and memory : the Normandy landings in international remembrance and commemoration
The Qur'ān and its impact of human history
Post-exilic polemic over the priesthood -- Ezekiel 44 in modern scholarship -- History and hermeneutics, redaction and reception -- Methodological issues in examining inner-biblical interpretation -- Methodological issues in redaction-criticism -- Overview and prospect -- The rule of priests -- Yhwh's reproach of Israel -- The identity of the foreigners in Ezekiel 44 -- Isaiah 56 and its relationship to Ezekiel 44 -- Yhwh's reproach -- The word of Judgement -- The Levites of Ezekiel 44 -- A Torah concerning the Levites -- The sins of the past -- Bearing sin -- The sons of Zadok -- The composition of Ezekiel 44:6¿16 -- The rules for priests -- The continuation of the divine oracle in the priestly rules -- The priests and their inheritance -- The priests and their vestments -- Priestly conduct -- The instruction concerning hair -- The instruction concerning alcohol -- The instruction concerning marital partners -- The instruction concerning teaching and judicial roles -- The instruction concerning dead bodies -- The relationship between the instructions in Ezekiel 44 and Leviticus 10 and 21 -- The structure and composition of the rules in Ezekiel 44:20:27 -- The missing high priest -- Priestly perquisites -- A pentateuchal compendium -- A précis of priestly income -- Giving each its due -- The prohibition against consuming animal carcasses -- The composition of Eekiel 44:6:31 -- Zadok and the sons of Zadok in Second Temple Judaism -- Zadok and his family in the Book of Chronicles -- The sons of Zadok at Qumran and in the Damascus document -- The sons of Zadok in Ben Sira -- Josephus and the Zadokites -- The Sadducees -- Conclusion -- Conclusions -- Text and historical reality -- The end of the Zadokites -- The beginnings of the Levites -- The Hebrew Bible and the Dead Sea Scrolls.
The ants are my friends : misheard lyrics, malapropisms, eggcorns, and other linguistic gaffes
Abstract.
How to study a Joseph Conrad novel
The Qur'an : a biography
Interpretation of ambiguous visual stimuli in depression : a behavioral response study
Imagees and aestheticization
Re: distinguishing continuities : the case of discontinuities in conceptual schemas
What the face reveals : basic and applied studies of spontaneous expression using the facial action coding system (FACS)
Interpretation : an essay in the philosophy of literary criticism
Framing and fiction : studies in the rhetoric of novel, interpretation, and history : a composition
Interpreting the text : a critical introduction to the theory and practice of literary interpretation
The Talmudic argument : a study in Talmudic reasoning and methodology
How to become conscious singer
Tell me a picture : adventures in lookin at art
An introduction to the New Testament
Shakespeare & me : great writers, actors, and directors on what the bard means to them - and us
On the margins : interpreting as an object of linguistic inquiry
Manual of photographic interpretation
Private myths : dreams and dreaming
Musical elaborations
Forms of Enlightenment in art
Understanding and using tuberculosis data
Awareness-independent encoding of angry faces : evolved mechanism of social anxiety?
The dialectic of understanding progress in arctic governance
How to talk to children about world art
The history of Lapland and the case of the Sami noaidi drum figures reversed
Major problems in American history. Volume 1, To 1877 : documents and essays
This study deals with competence-based curriculum development in higher education, in universities of applied sciences. Competence-based curricula have been launched with the Bologna process into European higher education over the last two decades, introducing student-centered curricula instead of earlier subject- centered curricula.  The present curriculum development started with the idea of collaboration to strengthen the teachers' agency. The administrative view was to implement the competence-based curriculum and new assessment criteria and to ensure their implementations. My idea as a responsive planner and head of the project was to offer a forum for interaction.  The theoretical frame of this study was constructed on the basis of curriculum theory and the change of paradigm within it. The aim of the study was to find out how teachers talk about curriculum and curriculum development. Much effort was given to the interpretation of their words and utterances. The research questions specified the aim of explaining what meanings were constructed and how they were understood as part of the interaction process.  The research questions were:  1. What meanings do teachers in an applied sciences university give to competence-based curriculum during the development process?  2. How are the meanings constructed in the development process of competence-based curriculum?  The research method was discourse analysis. The context of the study was the department of engineering in Oulu University of Applied Sciences. The participants were 15 teachers working as program leaders. The material consisted of six group discussions proceeding as a pedagogical process in 2009 - 2011. All meetings were recorded and transcribed.  Outcomes of the study consist of interpretation repertoires. Repertoires can be defined as situationally constructed varying ways to talk about curriculum development and curriculum.  Six interpretative repertoires for curriculum development practises were formed from the material. They were “coercion, duty, benefit, threat for the autonomy, initiative for reflection and toughening pedagogic leadership” –repertoires. They are linked to the themes of teachers' pedagogical practises and identity construction. The most dominant repertoire was coercion repertoire.  Seven interpretative repertoires were formed about the curriculum itself. They are repertoires of “formal learning, substance-centeredness, personal learning, knowledge-based, course-centeredness, student as an object and inconsistent relationship with the working life”. Based on the results, future directions and targets of the applied sciences curriculum work are reflected in the article.
On interpretation : a critical analysis
Domenico Corri's treatises on singing : A select collection of the most admired songs, duetts &c. and The singer's preceptor : a four-volume anthology. Volume  one, Domenico Corri's A select collection of the most admired songs, duetts & c. Volume 1-3
The ark before Noah : decoding the story of the Flood
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 124, Commentary on the Twelve Prophet, vol. 3
Collaborative Curriculum Development and Meanings Given to it by Teachers
Conversations with Arrau
High dudgeon : crafting affective narratives from (semi-) official texts
Gender, nation, narration : critical readings of cultural phenomena
Jane Austen, the secret radical
Boreal populations facing climatic and habitat changes
Playing to the gallery : helping contemporary art in its struggle to be understood
Interpreting literature
Interpreting dreams
Interpreting questions
Towards an articulated phenomenological interpretation of architecture : phenomenal phenomenology
Conveyed intention : a study of some acoustic aspects as related to production and perception of certain sung vowels
Dream analysis. Part 1 : Notes of the seminar given in 1928-1930 by C. G. Jung
Masterpieces in detail. Vol. 2 : From Rembrandt to Rivera / Rose-Marie & Rainer Hagen ; [English translation: Karen Williams]
Interpretation of aerial photographs
Understanding regression assumptions
The rebirth of an image : transformation in the construction of meaning in painting : a case study of Diego Velázquez' and Francis Bacon's papal portraits of Innocent X
The collection of the Qur'ān
10,000 dreams explained : how to use your dreams to enhance your life and relationships
History after apartheid : visual culture and public memory in a democratic South Africa
Domenico Corri's treatises on singing : A select collection of the most admired songs, duetts &c. and The singer's preceptor : a four-volume anthology. Volume  four, The musical sources for Domenico Corri's A select collection of the most admired songs, duetts & c. Volume 4 and The singer's preceptor , volumes 1-2
Break, blow, burn
Anarchic dance
Images : the piano music of Claude Debussy
Musical interpretation : Tobias Matthay
"As those who are taught" : the interpretation of Isaiah from the LXX to the SBL
Abstract. - Summary
Body, epistemology, interpretation : Friedrich Nietzsche and Karl Kerényi
Everything is happening : journey into a painting
Institution and interpretation
The McGraw-Hill book of poetry
Our kind of movie : the films of Andy Warhol
An anthology of concrete poetry
Treatise on basic philosophy. Vol. 2, Semantics, 2 : Interpretation and truth
Concert song as seen : kinesthetic aspects of musical interpretation
Female (?) knowledge, normativity and legal interpretation
English teachers as constructed in the language learning autobiographies written by university students : a discursive study
Tabloid headlines in mind : a frame for research
Looking at pictures : an introduction to art for young people through the collection of the National Gallery
The semiotic of myth : a critical study of the symbol
Searching for Vedic India
Dreams and nightmares : the origin and meaning of dreams
The courage to doubt : exploring an Old Testament theme
Early modes of exegesis : ideal figures in Malachi as a test case
The article considers the light shed on ancient religion by comparative linguistics and the analysis of visual images. Its starting point is the Bronze Age 'Sun Chariot' from Trundholm in Denmark, which is considered in both Flemming Kaul's book Ships on Bronzes and Martin West's Indo-European Poetry and Myth . The ideas of these two writers are discussed in conncection with the evidence of prehistoric rock carvings in South Scandinavia. The article considers how such places were used and draws attention to the distinctive practice of depicting pairs of footprints in this medium. The footprints may mark the positions of people engaged in rituals at these sites, for in many cases the drawings are oriented towards the solstices. Perhaps these events were observed from the decorated outcrops. Although the field evidence is limited, it supports the idea of a solar cosmology postulated by Kaul and West.
Did Jesus cite Isa 6:9-10? : Jesus' saying in Mark 4:11-12 and the Isaianic idea of hardening and remnant
Failures by design : the transparent author in English satire from Marprelate to Pope
Studying poetry
The poetic of the bit : the interpretation and textual processes of digital fiction from an ergodic semiotic perspective.
How to talk about books you haven't read
Mysteries of the rectangle : essays on painting
Challenging the orientalist reading of Mary Wortley Montagu's Turkish letters with feminist approaches
Resource exploitation in the Arctic : incorrect diagnoses, misinterpretations  and wrong solutions – how to avoid these?
Do We Need Real-Time Hermeneutics? Structures of Meaning in Games
Midsummer and Midwinter in the Rock Carvings of South Scandinavia
A guide to jazz phrasing and interpretation. Eb instruments
Interpretation, law and the construction of meaning : collected papers on legal interpretation in theory, adjudication and political practice
Decoding the Quran : a unique Sufi interpretation
Under another sky : journeys in Roman Britain
Aristotle's Categories and De interpretatione
The politics of interpretation
If the oceans were ink : an unlikely friendship and a journey to the heart of the Quran
Bioinformatic approaches for integration of genomic information
Maestro Francisco Correa de Arauxo's (1584-1654) Facultad orgánica as a Source of Performance Practice
Northrop Frye and American fiction
The aims of interpretation
Art and its messages : meaning, morality and society
Interpretation and method : empirical research methods and the interpretive turn
Planning your piano success : a blueprint for aspiring musicians
Perceptual illusions : philosophical and psychological essays
The complete idiot's guide to solos and improvisation
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
The dreamer's dictionary for the 21st century
The dreamcatcher : an A-Z guide to your dreams and what they mean
The book of barely imagined beings
Piano performance in a semiotic key : society, musical canon and novel discourses
Literary interpretation : current models and a new departure
A performer prepares : a guide to song preparation for actors, singers and dancers
A short book about art
The interpretation of dreams : the illustrated edition
Revelation, rationality, knowledge and truth
How to see the world : a Pelican introduction
Mouse or rat? : translation as negotiation
On textual understanding and other essays
Six memos for the next millenium
The Qur'ān basic teachings : an anthology of selected passages from the Qur'ān, translated into contemporary English with an introduction to the message of the Qur'ān
Inquiries into truth and interpretation
Bell's introduction to the Qur'ān
Unlocking the bible
The divine plan
Interpretation and analysis : conceptions of the philosophical method in Paul Ricœur's hermeneutics
Luis de Góngora: Polyphemus and Galatea : a study in the interpretation of a baroque poem
Davidson on Rorty's postmetaphysical critique of intentionalism
The margin of appreciation and the European Court of Human Rights : case law relating to the Latvian nationality problem
Textual criticism and literary interpretation
Updating stand level inventory data applying growth models and visual interpretation of aerial photographs
The art of violin playing : Book two : artistic realization & instruction
Abstract: Hannah Arendt's storytelling: an approach to the understanding contingency.
The girls' book of dreams : your inner self revealed!
Queen of dreams
The art of understanding art : a new perspective
The meaning of the Loch Ness monster
An enchantment : a graphic poem
The Book of the Twelve and the new form criticism
Interpretation and overinterpretation
Conducting nuances : little things mean a lot
Dream analysis : a practical handbook for psycho-analysts
Improvisation in nine centuries of Western music : an anthology with historical introduction
Liquid dreams of vampires
Will in the world : how Shakespeare became Shakespeare
Domenico Corri's treatises on singing : A select collection of the most admired songs, duetts &c. and The singer's preceptor : a four-volume anthology. Volume  three, Domenico Corri's A select collection of the most admired songs, duetts & c. Volume 4 and The singer's preceptor , volumes 1-2
Dream interpretation for beginners : understand the wisdom of your sleeping mind
Lesbian pulp fiction : the sexually intrepid world of lesbian paperback novels 1950-1965
THE INTERPRETATION OF MUSIC
On interpration in the arts : interdisciplinary studies in honor of Moshe Lazar
Verses from the glorious Koran and the facts of science
Vermeer's hat : the seventeenth century and the dawn of the global world
The art of violin playing. Book 2, Artistic realization and instruction
Counter-figures : an essay on antimetaphoric resistance : Paul Celan's poetry and poetics at the limits of figurality
The art of violin playing. Book 1, Technique in general ; Applied technique
Analogy and legal reasoning
Poetry into song : performance and analysis of lieder
Metallica and philosophy : a crash course in brain surgery
The Dude and the Zen master
Releasing the image : from literature to new media
Aesthetic criteria for musical interpretation : a study of the contemporary performance of western notated instrumental music after 1750
The interpretive turn : philosophy, science, culture
The good heart : a Buddhist perspective on the teachings of Jesus
Angel dreams : healing and guidance from your dreams
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration. Mineral exploration and mapping within thick glacial overburden, peatlands and different conservation areas is demanding, sensitive and expensive. The best practices for mineral exploration (techniques and concepts) from cost and environmental perspectives have been developed in the project 'Novel technologies for greenfield exploration' funded by Finnish Funding Agency for Innovation (Tekes). Essential exploration techniques include the concurrent use of geological, geochemical and geophysical surveys. These techniques allow the location and thorough investigation of the geological processes responsible for mineral deposits and indications of ore-forming processes, or in suitable conditions, the direct identification of mineral deposits. The efficiency and success of exploration require not only high quality data processing and interpretation, but also the consideration of environmental aspects, which are particularly important in sensitive northern, sub-Arctic areas. The results and methodological advances arising from this project could particularly serve companies and organizations conducting grass root mineral exploration in a regional scale. The techniques can also be adopted in target-scale exploration.
The classical music experience : discover the music of the world's greatest composers
A unified theory of creationism : argumentation, experiential thinking and emerging doctrine
A history of dreams
"Surveillance data collected in vital registration and TB notification systems provide essential information about the TB epidemic and programmatic efforts to control the disease at both national and local levels. Analysis of these data can help programme managers and other staff to track the level of and trends in TB disease burden, detect outbreaks of disease and identify ways to improve existing TB prevention, diagnostic and treatment services. This book provides practical guidance on the analysis and use of such surveillance data, and is suitable for a wide range of people engaged in TB control. It was produced as a major collaborative effort as part of the work of the WHO's Global Task Force on TB Impact Measurement."--Back cover.
"Contributors to this volume explore the theoretical issues at stake in recent changes in form criticism and the practical outcomes of applying the results of these theoretical shifts to the Book of the Twelve. This volume combines self-conscious methodological reflection with practical examination of specific texts in an effort to demonstrate the practical consequences of theoretical decisions and the value of certain methodological stances"--
Ring of power : symbols and themes love vs. power in Wagner's Ring circle and in us : a Jungian-feminist perspective
Misquoting Muhammad : the challenge and choices of interpreting the Prophet's legacy
Prophets of decline : the global histories of Brooks Adams, Oswald Spengler and Arnold Toynbee in the United States 1896-1961
Man and his symbols
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration
The Zand ī Wahman Yasn : a Zoroastrian apocalypse
Vision, image, record : a cultivation of the visual field
3-D structural geology : a practical guide to surface and subsurface map interpretation
The Qur'ān and its exegesis : selected texts with classical and modern Muslim interpretations
Guide to imagework : imagination-based research methods
The social mediation of everyday user experiences
Reading the past : current approaches to interpretation in archaeology
On the analysis of litetarty text
The Shakespeare encyclopedia : the complete guide to the man and his works
A treatise of good taste in the art of music
The glimpse : the inner teaching of Abu Hamid Muhammad al-Ghazzali's Mishkat al-Anwar (The Niche for lights)
The good story : exchanges on truth, fiction and psychotherapy
"Historical introduction": p. 5-21. Selective bibliography: p. 22-23. "Source references and editorial notes": p. 158-163.
