http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p451 nutrition policy
nutrition policy
Food and health in Europe : a new basis for action
Food politics : what everyone needs to know
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition
Improving America's diet and health : from recommendations to action
Modern aspects of nutrition : present knowledge and future perspectives
Voluntary guidelines to support the progressive realization of the right to adequate food in the context of national food security
Evaluation of health claims from a nutritional perspective
Food wars : the global battle for mouths, minds and markets
Methods to monitor the human right to adequate food. Vol. 1, Making the case for rights-focused and rights-based monitoring
The challenge of obesity in the WHO European Region and the strategies for response
The cultural feast : an introduction to food and society
Food policy for developing countries : the role of government in global, national, and local food systems
Nutrition in the nineties : policy issues
A sociology of food & nutrition : the social appetite
Report of the World Food Summit : 13-17 November 1996. Part one
Eating agendas : food and nutrition as social problems
Feeding families : African realities and British ideas of nutrition and development in early colonial Africa
Food systems for improved human nutrition : linking agriculture, nutrition, and productivity
Worlds of food : place, power, and provenance in the food chain
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition / edited by Matilda Hellman, Gun Roos & Julius von Wright
Report of the World Food Summit: five years later, 10-14 June 2002.. P. 1.
Food politics : how the food industry influences nutrition and health
Health promotion creates conditions that promote rather than damage health by bringing about changes in policy on a local, national and international level. This book outlines clearly the function and position of health promotion.
Completing the food chain : strategies for combating hunger and malnutrition
Agriculture and food
Obesity and the economics of prevention : fit not fat
The politics of dietary change
Status report on the European Commission's work in the field of nutrition in Europe, October 2002
Food policy : integrating supply, distribution, and consumption
The concept of food and nutrition security has evolved and risen to the top of the international policy agenda over the last decade. Yet it is a complex and multi-faceted issue, requiring a broad and inter-disciplinary perspective for full understanding. This Handbook represents the most comprehensive compilation of our current knowledge of food and nutrition security from a global perspective. It is organized to reflect the wide scope of the contents, its four sections corresponding to the accepted current definitional frameworks prevailing in the work of multilateral agencies and mainstream scholarship. The first section addresses the struggles and progression of ideas and debates about the subject in recent years. The other sections focus on three key themes: how food has been, is and should be made available, including by improvements in agricultural productivity; the ways in which politico-economic and social arenas have shaped access to food; and the effects of food and nutrition systems in addressing human health, known as food utilisation. Overall, the volume synthesizes a vast field of information drawn from agriculture, soil science, climatology, economics, sociology, human and physical geography, the nutrition and health sciences, environmental science and development studies.
The political economy of hunger. Vol. 1, Entitlement and well-being
The political economy of hunger : selected essays
Report of the FAO/CIFA/NACA Expert Consultation on the Intensification of Food Production in Low Income Food Deficit Countries through Aquaculture : Bhubaneswar, India, 16-19 October 2001.
A review of plant-based nutrition interventions on heart disease, obesity and diabetes : suggestions for an educational curriculum
Health in all policies : prospects and potentials
Food and health data : their use in nutrition policy-making
The state of food insecurity in the world 2013 : the multiple dimensions of food security
Plants in human health and nutrition policy
Regulating food consumption : studies of change and variation in Europe
Improving nutrition programmes : an assessment tool for action : users' training manual
Trust in food : a comparative and institutional analysis
Improving nutrition programmes : an assessment tool for action
The Political economy of hunger. Vol. 3, Endemic hunger
Hunger and entitlements
This book reflects the latest developments and research on today's global food landscape, including biofuels, the international food market, food aid, obesity, food retailing, urban agriculture, and food safety. The second edition also features an expanded discussion of the links between water, climate change, and food, as well as farming and the environment. New chapters look at livestock, meat and fish and the future of food politics. Paarlberg's book challenges myths and critiques more than a few of today's fashionable beliefs about farming and food.
Regulating markets, regulating people : on food and nutrition policy
Starving on a full stomach : hunger and the triumph of cultural racism in modern South Africa
Strategy and vision for FAO's work in nutrition
Good practices in building innovative rural institutions to increase food security
The political economy of diet, health and food policy
Methods to monitor the human right to adequate food. Vol. 2, An overview of approaches and tools
The political economy of hunger. Vol. 2, Famine prevention
Nutritionism : the science and politics of dietary advice
Public health nutrition
The rise of the public in Enlightenment Europe
Nutrition and diet therapy : self-instructional modules
The politics of development : an introduction to global issues
Food security
Food and culture : a reader
The right to food : in theory and practice
Nutrition policy in Finland : country paper prepared for the FAO/WHO International Conference on Nutrition in Rome 1992
First world hunger : food security and welfare politics
Public health nutrition : from principles to practice
Agriculture and food in crisis : conflict, resistance, and renewal
Nutrition and health in developing countries
The Action Plan is intended to significantly reduce the burden of preventable diet-related noncommunicable diseases, obesity and all other forms of malnutrition still prevalent in the WHO European Region. It calls for countries to act, using a whole-of-government, health-in-all-policies approach. Its priority actions will contribute to improving food-system governance and the overall quality of the European population's diet and nutritional status.
The 5th world food survey
The battle against hunger. choice, circumstance, and the World Bank
Gender, nutrition, and the human right to adequate food : toward an inclusive framework
Food utopias : reimagining citizenship, ethics and community
Food policy : integrating health, environment and society
Enhancing food security and nutrition policy assistance : lessons from experience
Diet, nutrition and the prevention of chronic diseases : report of a WHO Study Group
World hunger : a guide to the economic and political dimensions
Food security in the Middle East
Routledge handbook of food and nutrition security
Vitamin D insufficiency in young Finnish men : associations with bone stress fracture and respiratory tract infections
The healthy Nordic diet, obesity and obesity-related metabolic risk factors
The food system : a guide
Hunger and public action
Global child welfare and well-being
Commercialization of agriculture under population pressure : effects on production, consumption, and nutrition in Rwanda
European Food and Nutrition Action Plan 2015-2020
Food and economics
Improving diets and nutrition : food-based approaches
"This volume comprises original, empirically grounded chapters that collectively offer the most comprehensive study available to date on food security in the Middle East. The book starts with a theoretical framing of the phenomena of food security and food sovereignty and presents empirical case studies of Lebanon, Jordan, Palestine, Egypt, Yemen, the Persian Gulf states and Iran. Some of the major themes examined include the ascent and decline of various food regimes, urban agriculture, overseas agricultural land purchases, national food self-sufficiency strategies, distribution networks and food consumption patterns, and nutrition transitions and healthcare. Collectively, the chapters represent highly original contributions to the disciplines of political science, economics, agricultural studies, and healthcare policy"--
Rethinking health promotion : a global approach
Global perspectives on childhood obesity : current status, consequences and prevention
Psychological determinants and self care in patients with type 1 diabetes
Global aspects of food production
Consequences of deforestation for women's time allocation, agricultural production, and nutrition in hill areas of Nepal
The ethics of food : a reader for the twenty-first century
World hunger : 12 myths
Research in human capital and development. Vol. 8, Nutrition, food policy and development
The state of food insecurity in the world 2014 : strengthening the enabling environment for food security and nutrition
The Global Forum on Food Security and Nutrition : online discussions that make a difference
Nutrition in Finland
Nutrition in the community : a critical look at nutrition policy, planning, and programmes
