http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4514 oil reserves
oil reserves
Caspian energy politics : Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan
Arctic oil and gas : sustainability at risk?
The earth - a great storehouse
Energy developments in the Middle East
New conditions for growth in Russia
Blood oil : tyrants, violence, and the rules that run the world
Administration of fiscal regimes for petroleum exploration and development
Le pétrole et le gaz arctiques : problèmes et perspectives : le 5e Congrès international de la Fondation française d'études nordiques, Le Havre, 2-5 mai 1973 : rapports scientifiques = Arctic oil and gas : problems and possibilities. [2]
Indigenous peoples and oil : report of a seminar in Finland [editing: Pirjo Brusin-Niemi ... et al.]
Oil and politics in the Gulf : rulers and merchants in Kuwait and Qatar
Role of the old and new institutional framework in combating the resource curse in Kazakhstan
Out of gas : the end of the age of oil
The security of the Persian Gulf
Middle East oil in international relations
The end of oil : the decline of the petroleum economy and the rise of the new energy order
Blood and oil : the dangers and consequences of America's growing dependency on imported petroleum
Energy and the transformation of international relations : toward a new producer-consumer framework
Africa's new oil : power, pipelines and future fortunes
Oil and natural gas resources in the ESCAP region : geology, reserves, production, potential, distribution
Rising powers, shrinking planet : the new geopolitics of energy
The political economy of the Persian Gulf
Life without oil : why we must shift to a new energy future
Canada's and Europe's northern dimensions
Impact of the world oil market on the economies of Gulf Cooperation Council States : quantitative assessment and forecast
Group level processes in oil policy decision-making
Societies beyond oil : oil dregs and social futures
Material politics : disputes along the pipeline
In this groundbreaking book, John Urry shows how the twentieth century created a mirage of unlimited future growth that masked its limits. He considers the nature of an oil-dependent world facing energy descent and what lessons can ce learned from past energy-constrained societies. With no large-scale plan B to energize and mobilize societies, Urry assesses the likelihood of some very different futures for this century.
Are OPEC̕ s Production Quotas Challengeable under GATT Article XI?
Russian oil interests Western investors; Finns build Siberian oil fields
Russian oil and gas : a multidimensional analysis from a European perspective
Russian oil and gas : a source of integration
Oil and Insurgency in the Niger Delta : managing the complex politics of petro-violence
From curse to blessing? : using natural resources to fuel sustainable development
Rising powers, shrinking planet : how scarce energy is creating a new world order
Oil politics : a modern history of petroleum
The Arab Gulf States : beyond oil and Islam
War without end : the story of Michel T. Halbouty's struggle for American energy security Jack Donahue
Sea-bed energy and mineral resources and the law of the sea. 1, The areas within national jurisdiction
Managing petroleum resources : the 'Norwegian model' in a broad perspective
Antifungal activity of compounds derived from natural resources and methods for early decay evaluation
The oil depletion protocol : a plan to avert oil wars, terrorism and economic collapse
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 1a, Russian Arctic
Oil and development : a case study of Iraq
The 1740 Description by Daniel Tilas of stratigraphy and petroleum occurance at Osmundsberg in the Siljan Region of Central Sweden
Natural resources and conflict in Africa : the tragedy of endowment
Peeking at peak oil
Natural resource governance and EITI implementation in Nigeria
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 23, Caspian Sea
Regionalism in the North : the Calotte Academy 1992
Oil and gas process technology : the latest advances for use on offshore production installations : Thermie programme action no HC 6.2
We fight for oil
Norwegian oil policy on Svalbard : the Caltex case 1960-67
Why we hate the oil companies : straight talk from an energy insider
Ghost force
Introduction to peak oil
Natural resources empower the world's most coercive men. Authoritarians like Putin and the Saudis spend oil money on weapons and repression. ISIS and the Congo's militias spend resource money on atrocities and ammunition. For decades, resource-fueled autocrats and extremists have forced endless crises on the West—and the ultimate source of their resource money is us, paying at the gas station and the mall. Blood oil goes behind the headlines in search of the hidden global rule that puts shoppers into business with these men of blood. Readers discover the ancient legal rule that once licensed the slave trade and colonialism, apartheid and genocide: the brutal rule of "might makes right." The abolition of this rule marked some of humanity's greatest triumphs—yet the rule zombies on in today's multi-trillion dollar resource trade, enriching tyrants, warlords, and terrorists worldwide. By our own deepest principles, might cannot make right. Therefore, today most of the world's traded oil is stolen oil. Blood Oil shows how the West can lead a peaceful global revolution by ending its dependence on the authoritarians who are stealing their countries' oil, and by getting out of business with the militias who are plundering their countries' minerals. Leading with a strategy of integrity to upgrade world trade will make us more secure at home and more trusted abroad; it will detoxify our politics and make us better able to solve urgent problems like climate change. Blood Oil shows how citizens, consumers, and leaders can act today to avert tomorrow's crises—and how we can together create a more united human future.
Sea-bed energy and mineral resources and the law of the sea. 2, The area beyond the limits of national jurisdiction
Risks, strengths and weaknesses of Russian oil and gas
The Caspian Sea : a quest for environmental security
Investing in renewable energy : making money on green chip stocks
The party's over : oil, war and the fate of industrial societies
The development of Africa's oil has greatly accelerated in recent years, with some countries looking at the prospect of almost unimaginable flows of money into their national budgets. But the story of African oil has usually been associated with conflict, corruption and disaster, with older producers such as Nigeria having little to show for the many billions of dollars they've earned. In this eye-opening book, former BBC correspondent Celeste Hicks questions the inevitability of the so-called resource curse, revealing what the discovery of oil means for ordinary Africans, and how China's involvement could mean a profound change in Africa's relationship with the West. --Provided by publisher.
The world after cheap oil
In their Natural Resource Governance and EITI Implementation in Nigeria, Musa Abutudu and Dauda Garuba provide the most up-to-date and in-depth analysis of the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI), providing a balanced yet critical evaluation of its performance, limitations and potential as an institution for helping Africa's largest oil exporter to escape the so called resource curse and lay a firm basis for sustainable development. This Current African Issue contains valuable insights and information that will be of interest to all those with a keen interest in institutionalising transparency and accountability in natural resource governance in Africa.
Escaping the resource curse
Resource wars : the new landscape of global conflict
Abu Dhabi : oil and beyond
Natural resource conflicts : incentives for war and peace in Aceh
Reconceptualising democratic local governance in the Niger Delta
Le pétrole et le gaz arctiques : problèmes et perspectives : le 5e Congrès international de la Fondation française d'études nordiques, Le Havre, 2-5 mai 1973 : rapports scientifiques = Arctic oil and gas : problems and possibilities. [1]
International energy governance : selected legal issues
Successful energy demonstration projects involving SMEs
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
The energy world is flat : opportunities from the end of peak oil
Living oil : petroleum culture in the American century
Energy potential of the Russian Arctic seas : choice of development strategy
The prize : the epic quest for oil, money and power
The secret world of oil
Petrostate : Putin, power, and the new Russia
Crude power : politics and the oil market
Energy production and transportation in the Barents Region (oil and gas)
The new great game : blood and oil in Central Asia
New approaches to the governance of natural resources : insights from Africa
"Presents an original theoretical approach to political geography by revealing the paradoxical relationship between materials and politics"--
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1998, 6 : The energy dilemma : the dominanse of fossil fuels
Arctic oil and gas 2007
The hydrogen economy : the creation of the world-wide energy web and the redistribution of power on earth
Shell and the Niger Delta : between rhetoric and practice
Oil : politics, poverty and the planet
Hubbert's peak : the impending world oil shortage
This Discussion Paper critically examines local governance in the Niger Delta and its relevance to the search for inclusive and sustainable conflict-resolution in the oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria. It critiques the existing local government system and explores the possibility of reconceptualising local governance along more inclusive, accountable and participatory lines that would institutionalise democracy, development and peace at the grassroots or community level in the troubled oil-rich region. Its originality lies in its departure from top-down perspectives, and its refocusing of attention on the oft-neglected local sites of conflict and under development. The paper will appeal to scholars, policy actors and development planners with a particular interest in developments at the African grassroots level.
Multidimensional change in the Republic of Sudan (1989-2011) : reshaping livelihoods, conflicts, and identities
State of the world 2005 : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
Benefiting the resource rich : how can international development policy help tame the resource curse?
Understanding project management in natural resource investments from a legal perspective
Despite unprecedentedly high prices of natural resources such as oil and gas on the global market, resource-rich countries are home to over 60# of the world's poorest people. This book discusses the counterintuitive phenomenon known as the "resource curse" and how mineral wealth can impoverish countries.
Blood and oil : the dangers and consequences of America's growing petroleum dependency
Oil Discovery in Ghana : A blessing or a curse?
Interdependence on the oil bridge : risks and opportunities
Trillion dollar baby : how Norway beat the oil giants and won a lasting fortune
The age of oil : the mythology, history, and future of the world's most controversial resource
Undiscovered oil and gas potential of the Alaska federal offshore : 1995 national resource assessment
Oil panic and the global crisis : predictions and myths
The Times guide to the Middle East : the Arab world and its neighbours
Norwegian oil policies
Oil fields in the CIS are being built under extreme conditions
The political economy of oil
High-value natural resources and post-conflict peacebuilding
Comparative analysis of petroleum exploration contracts
The socio-cultural impact of oil exploitation on an indigenous people : the Ogoni case
Crude reality : petroleum in world history
Tapping Siberia's resources
"We have spent the last two centuries building a civilization on coal and the last century building it bigger still on oil. Fossil fuels have been the wellspring of our complex, glorious modern world, but they are about to run out. By the end of the 21st century, our oil and natural gas supplies will be virtually nonexistent, and limited coal supplies will be restricted to only a handful of countries. Environmental scientist Steve Hallett and veteran journalist John Wright make abundantly clear that we are at the crest of a remarkable two-hundred-year glitch in the history of civilization and are about to embark on the decline. Experts may argue about whether peak oil production has already arrived or will come in a decade or two, but in any case, as Hallett and Wright show, we must plan for a future without reliance on oil. But successful planning depends on a realistic assessment of the facts about our current situation. To that end, they describe how the petroleum interval of the last century, on which our civilization is based, fits in to the larger history of civilization. They describe the fate of civilizations and empires of the past that have come and gone based on their vital connection with the environment. Turning to an even longer timeframe, the authors make a compelling case that the key determinant of our global economy is not so much the invisible hand of the marketplace but the inexorable laws of ecology. When it comes to the long term, nature will impose limits beyond which our economy cannot go. Despite increased emphasis on renewable and environmentally friendly energy sources, our current obsession with growth is ultimately unsustainable. The authors foresee the coming decades as a time of much disruption and change of lifestyle, but in the end we may learn a wiser, more sustainable stewardship of our natural resources. This timely, sobering, yet constructive discussion of energy and ecology offers a realistic vision of the near future and many important lessons about the limits of our resources".
Oil and gas assessment : methods and applications
The Islamist impasse
The oil industry of the former Soviet Union : reserves and prospects, extraction, transportation
