http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4513 standards
standards
Environmental management ISO 14001 & EMAS: self-assessment work book : 44 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Identification cards - Contactless integrated circuit(s) cards - Proximity cards = Cartes dʼidentification - Cartes à circuit(s) intégré(s) sans contact - Cartes de proximité. Part 2 = Partie 2, Radio frequency power and signal interface = Puissance de la fréquence radio et interface du signal
Pulps : determination of drainability. Part 2, "Canadian Standard" freeness method
WQ-truss design according to Russian and European standards
THE ADOPTION OF INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS IN DEVELOPING COUNTRIES- The Case of Ghana
Management system standards : comparison between IAEA GS-R-3 and ASME NQA-1-2008 and NQA-1a-2009 addenda
Fruit and vegetable products : determination of dry matter content by drying under reduced pressure and of water content by azeotropic distillation
A Study of IEC 62443
Fibre-reinforced plastic composites : determination of flexural properties
Systematische Berechnung hochbeanspruchter Schraubenverbindungen : Zylindrische Einschraubenverbindungen = Systematic calculation of high duty bolted joints : joints with one cylindrical bolt. Blatt 1 = Part 1
Standard test methods for measuring adhesion by tape test
WHO Expert Committee on Biological Standardization : fifty-second report
Soil quality : sampling. Part 6, Guidance on the collection, handling and storage of soil for the assessment of aerobic microbial processes in the laboratory
Interfaces, Standards and Code lists in Data communication between Authorities : Helsinki–St. Petersburg Smart Transport Corridor
Developing a TQM for a company : First Initiative for PhemssalTech Ventures in Lagos, Nigeria
Environmental management system ISO 14001:2004 & EMAS : self-assessment work book : 38 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful  from the average?
Safety device upgrade for robotic cells : Machine safety
What is the quality of your management? : ISO 9004:2009 : self-assessment work book : what separetes successful from the average?
Identification cards - integrated circuit(s) cards with contacts - : international standard. Part 5, Numbering system and registration procedure for application identifiers
Tieto Software Product Quality Analysis System
Identification cards - integrated circuit(s) cards with contacts - : international standard. Part 6, Interindustry data elements,  AMENDMENT 1: IC manufacturer registration
Environmental labels and declarations : self-declared environmental claims (Type II environmental labelling)
Annual book of ASTM standards 2002 : section 3, Metals test methods and analytical procedures. Vol. 03.03, Nondestructive testing
Soil quality : sampling. Part 3, Guidance on safety
Optics and optical instruments : field procedures for testing geodetic and surveying instruments. Part 4, Electro-optical distance meters (EDM instruments)
Information technology : international standardized profiles FVT3nn : virtual terminal basic class : register of attribute assignment type definitions. Part 3, FVT312 : Repertoire assignement type for ISO/IEC 2022 level 2.
Improving customer feeback process with process management and lean tools : case: Oy Kaha Ab
Project management metrics, KPIs, and dashboards : a guide to measuring and monitoring project performance
Open government data: legal, economical, and semantic web aspects
The case of the GSM standard for mobile telecommunication : shaping technology as a means of transforming society
A process-based approach to effective management : ISO 9001 : self-assessment work book : 57 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Test methods for lead-free solders : part 6 : Methods for 45° pull test of solder joints on QFP lead
Environmental labels and declarations : general principles
Body Area Network  Standardization, Analysis and Application
Earnings management through IFRS goodwill impairment accounting : in the context of incentives created by earnings targets
Annual book of ASTM standards : 2015. Section 00, Index : vol. 00.01 : subject index, alphanumeric list
Standard test method for sizing and counting particulate contaminant in and on clean room garments
Pulps : laboratory beating. Part 1, Valley beater method
Soil quality : determination of organic and total carbon after dry combustion (elementary analysis)
Optics and optical instruments : field procedures for testing geodetic and surveying instruments. Part 1, Theory
General purpose three-phase induction motors having standard dimensions and outputs : frame numbers 56 to 315 and flange numbers 65 to 740.
International financial reporting standards : practical guide
Information technology - identification cards - integrated circuit(s) cards with contacs - : international standard. Part 2, Dimension and location of the contacts
Biodegradability of Nonwoven Fabrics
Open systems and standards for software product development
Measurement for management systems : requirements for measurement processes and measuring equipment
Quality in Project Management : ISO 10006 : self-assessment work book : 53 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Quality Management System according to AS9100-C
Soil quality : extraction of trace elements soluble in aqua regia
Soil quality : vocabulary = Qualité du sol : vocabulaire = Kats̆estvo pots̆v : slovar. Part 1 = Partie 1 = Ts̆ast 1, Terms and definitions relating to the protection and pollution of the soil = Termes et définitions relatifs à la protection et à la pollution du sol = Terminy i opredelenija v objasti zagrjaznenija i ohrany pots̆v
The working procedure and structure of national SFS standard
Soil quality : inhibition of reproduction of Collembola (Folsomia candida) by soil pollutants
Identification cards - integrated circuit(t) cards with contacts : international standard. Part 1, Physical characteristics
Säteilysuojelusanasto : ionisoimaton säteily : standardi = Radiation protection clossary : non-ionizing radiation
Biotechnology : laboratories for research, development and analysis : guidance for handling, inactivating and testing of waste
Ethics and consumer behavior in clothing industry
New approaches for lifelong learning needed?
The Usage of IFRS in Finland and Germany
Information technology - identification cards - integrated circuit(s) cards with contacts - : international standard. Part 4, Interindustry commands for interchenge,  AMENDMENT 1: impact of secure messaging on the structures of APDU messages
Environmental management systems : specification with guidance for use
This paper is an overview on the Open Government Data (OGD) environment in the EU. It aims to point out the relevant legal issues together with the economic aspects arising from the disclosure and exploitation of OGD. Therefore, the paper highlights the noteworthy technological aspects related with the opening of OGD datasets. This survey is based on an interdisciplinary approach. Interdisciplinarity in the digital environment means that OGD should be considered as an integrated, interoperable and collaborative ecosystem. The main legislative source taken into account for the survey is the Directive 2003/98/EC on the re-use of public sector information as recently amended by the Directive 37/2013/EU..
Sensory analysis : general guidance for the selection, training and monitoring of assessors. Part 1, Selected assessors
Higgs mass predicted from the standard model with asymptotically safe gravity
Earnings management before a share for share bid under IFRS : empirical evidence from NASDAQ OMX Helsinki, directed issues relating to the share swap transactions 2001-2008
Rubber and plastics hoses and hose assemblies : determination of permeability to gas
Managing mobility in an always-best-connected IP network
Soil quality : sampling. Part 1, Guidance on the design of sampling programmes
Sensory analysis : general guidance for the design of test rooms
Implementation of IFRS in Finland and in the UK
The selection and use of essential medicines
International Accounting Standards/International Financial Reporting Standards versus Vietnamese Accounting Standards
A world built on standards : a textbook for higher education
The rise and fall of evaluation standards
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN LOCAL AND FOREIGN BANKS USING INTERNATIONAL ACCOUNTING STANDARD AND STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTING STANDARD: Case of Nigeria Banks
Information technology - identification cards - integrated circuit(s) cards with contacts - : international standard. Part 4, Interindustry commands for interchenge
WHO Expert Committee on Specifications for Pharmaceutical Preparations : forty-fourth report
Fork lift trucks : hook-on type fork arms : vocabulary = Chariots élévateurs à fourche : bras de fourche à tenons : vocabulaire = Pogruzts̆iki vilots̆iye : zahvaty vilots̆iye : terminologija
ISO 28000:2007 : specification for security management systems for the supply chain
Soil quality : determination of abundance and activity of soil microflora using respiration curves
Soil quality : vocabulary = Qualité du sol : vocabulaire. Part 4 = Partie 4, Terms and definitions related to the rehabilitation of soils and sites = Termes et définitions relatifs à la réhabilitation des sols et sites
Piston-operated volumetric apparatus. Part 1 : Terminology, general requirements and user recommendations (ISO 8655-1:2002/cor 1:2008)
Standard requirements for Pulp&Paper industry in Russia : Technical Regulation of Customs Union 032/2013
Identification cards - integrated circuit(s) cards with contacts - : international standard. Part 7, Interindustry commands for structured card query language (SCQL)
Integrated management system : ISO 9000, 14001, OHSAS 18001 : project capability : self-assessment work book : 34 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Security without obscurity : a guide to confidentiality, authentication, and integrity
Challenges in adopting International Financial Reporting Standards for banking sector in Vietnam
International Financial Reporting Standards effects on Banks in Vietnam
Dark matter and baryogenesis in Higgs portal models
Soil quality : determination of content of hydrocarbon in the range C[10] to C[40] by gas chromatography
The impacts of International Financial Reporting Standards Adoption on Financial Statements : The case of Nigeria
Industrial communications subsystem based on ISO 11898 (CAN) for controller-device interfaces. Part 3, Smart Distributed System (SDS)
Soil quality : pretreatment of samples for determination of organic contaminants
International standards of accounting and reporting
Quality management systems : guidelines for quality management in projects
Annual book of ASTM standards 2002 : section 2, Nonferrous metal products. Vol. 02.02, Aluminum and magnesium alloys
"The traditional view of information security includes three cornerstones: confidentiality, integrity, and availability, also known as the CIA of information security. As the field has become more complex, both novices and professionals with years of experience need a good reference book outlining the basics. Rather than focusing on compliance or policies and procedures, this book takes a top-down approach. Providing insight from the author's experience developing dozens of standards, the book starts with the fundamentals to bridge the understanding gaps--approaching information security from the bedrock principles of CIA"--
Annual book of ASTM standards 2002 : section 3, Metals test methods and analytical procedures. Vol. 03.01, Metals - mechanical testing; elevated and low-temperature tests; metallography
Soil quality : determination of dry matter and water content on a mass basis : gravimetric method
Load restraining on road vehicles - safety : part 1: calculation of securing forces
International Financial Reporting Standards adoption in a continental European context : perspectives of preparers
Soil quality : effects of pollutants on earthworms (Eisenia fetida). Part 2, Determination of effects on reproduction
Sähköteknillinen sanasto : Avaruusradioviestintä : space radiocommunications = Electrotechnical vocabulary
Optics and optical instruments : field procedures for testing geodetic and surveying instruments. Part 5, Electronic tacheometers
Rotating electrical machines. 25, Guidance for the design and performance of a.c. motors specifically designed for converter supply
ISO inch screw threads : general plan and selection for screws, bolts and nuts : diameter range 0,06 to 6 in
Identification cards - integrated circuit(s) cards with contacts - : international standard. Part 9, Additional interindustry commands and security attributes
The international financial reporting standards from the perspective of the Finnish accounting thought : three essays
Road vehicles : diagnostic systems : keyword protocol 2000.. Part 3, Application layer
Asset management standards : corporate governance for asset management
WHO recommendations for augmentation of labour
Identification cards - integrated circuit(s) cards with contacts - : international standard. Part 5, Numbering system and registration procedure for application identifiers, AMENDMENT 1.
ASME Based Quality Documentation Guidelines for Power- and Recovery Boilers
Soil quality : effect of pollutants on earthworms (Eisenia fetida). Part 1, Determination of acute toxicity using artificial soil substrate
Annual book of ASTM standards 2002 : section 1, Iron and steel products. Vol. 01.05, Steel : bars, forgings, bearing, chain, springs
Textiles : industrial washing and finishing procedures for testing of workwear
Standard test method for tensile properties of polymer matrix composite materials
General design principles and wind actions : comparison between the eurocode and the australian standards
Environmental management system ISO 14001 : 35 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book..
Rakennusten sähköasennusten jännitealueet = Voltage bands for electrical installations of buildings
Annual book of ASTM standards 2002 : section 2, Nonferrous metal products. Vol. 02.01, Copper and copper alloys
Soil quality : dissolution for the determination of total element content. Part 1, Dissolution with hydrofluoric and perchloric acids
Identification cards - Contactless integrated circuit cards - Vicinity cards = Cartes dʼidentification - Cartes à circuit(s) intégré(s) sans contact - Cartes de voisinage. Part 2 = Partie 2, Air interface and initialization = Interface et initialisation dans lʼair
Low-voltage switchgear and controlgear : controller and device interface systems : Actuator Sensor interface (AS-i)
Manure nutrient content in the Baltic Sea countries
Humanitarian Charter and minimum standards in humanitarian response
Sähköteknillinen sanasto = Electrotechnical vocabulary. Osa 442 = Part 442, Sähköasennustarvikkeet = Electrical accessories
Messung der Dampfnässe = Measurement of steam wetness fraction
Soil quality : determination of nitrate nitrogen, ammonium nitrogen and total soluble nitrogen in air-dry soils using calcium chloride solution as extractant
The new ISO 9001:2015 : Its opportunities and challenges
Pistokytkimet : sanasto : vocabulary = Plugs and socket-outlets
Soil quality : laboratory methods for determination of microbial soil respiration
National working procedure for European and International Standards and other deliverables
Textile floor coverings : determination of resistance to staining by acid food colours
THE ROLE OF GOODWILL IN UNDERSTANDING THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF A COMPANY
Communicating the environmental performance of wood products
Information technology - identification cards - integrated circuit(s) cards with contacts - : international standard. Part 3, Electronics signals and transmission protocols
Soil quality : determination of the specific electrical conductivity
Goodwill impairments and the value relevance of goodwill of the small listed companies in Finland
Acoustics : desription and measurement of environmental noise. Part 3, Application to noise limits
Soil quality : determination of particle density
Standard method for measuring and counting particulate contamination on surfaces
Textiles : tests for colour fastness. Part S01, Colour fastness to vulcanization: hot air
Obesity and bone mineral measurements in postmenopausal women
Acoustics : measurement of sound insulation in buildings and of building elements. Part 7, Field measurements of impact sound insulation of floors
Clothing and equipment for protection against heat : Test method for convective heat resistance using a hot air circulating oven
Sähköteknillinen sanasto = Electrotechnical vocabulary. Osa 121 = Part 121, Sähkömagnetismi = Electromagnetism
Financial Reporting Based On International Financial Reporting Standards : Challenges and Opportunities (UT Bank Ghana, Limited)
WHO Expert Committee on Specifications for Pharmaceutical Preparations : forty-fifth report
Preparing for forwarded ROPS -test
On reliability and performance analyses of IEC 61850 for digital SAS
A Teaching Tool for the IEC 61850 Substation Configuration Language : Moodle Integration for Energy Technology ICT
Hoists for the transfer of disabled persons : requirements and test methods
Quantities and units of space and time
Identification cards - integrated circuit(s) cards with contacts - : international standard. Part 8, Security related interindustry commands
Soil quality : determination of soil water content as a volume fraction on the basis of known dry bulk density : gravimetric method
Identification cards - integrated circuit(s) cards with contacts - : international standard. Part 6, Interindustry data elements
Tekstiilien hoito-ohjemerkintä : sanalliset ohjeet : märkningstexter = Care labelling of textiles : care maintenance terms = Skötselmärkning för textilier
Soil quality : determination of total nitrogen : modified Kjeldahl method
Identification cards - integrated circuit(s) cards with contacts - : international standard. Part 10, Electronic signals and answer to reset for synchronous cards
Soil quality : sampling. Part 4, Guidance on the procedure for investigation of natural, near-natural and cultivated sites
Environmental management in China  : Case – ISO 14001 implementation for The Switch
The Development of the Transfer Pricing Process
IEEE standard for software reviews and audits : recognized as an American National Standard (ANSI)
Fish consumption : human health effects and decision making
Hitsaussanasto = Welding terminology : yleistermit = General terms
Environmental labels and declarations : Type I environmental labelling : principles and procedures
Environmental management system ISO 14001 : self assessment work-book
The Differences and Convergences of International Financial Reporting Standards in Vietnam
Social accountability 8000.
Harmonization of ICT standards related to Arabic language use in information society applications
The quality of published accounting information in Russia
Standard test method for tension-tension fatigue of polymer matrix composite materials
