http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p452 public health
public health
The price of life : welfare systems, social nets and economic growth
Health promotion : handbook
Early life origins of health and well-being in modern Sweden
Public health in the European Community : health promotion programme (1996-2000)
Essential public health : theory and practice
Public health nursing
Nature therapy and preventive medicine
Suaugusiu̜ Lietuvos žmoniu̜ gyvensenos tyrimas, 2006 = Health behaviour among Lithuanian adult population, 2006
For the public's health : the role of measurement in action and accountability
An anthropology of biomedicine
Design for health : creating a brochure
Programme for research for "Health for all by the year 2000"
Arctic social indicators : a follow-up to the Arctic human development report
The social patterning of health, smoking and drinking in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Finland in 1994-2004
The war machine and global health : a critical medical anthropological examination of the human costs of armed conflict and the international violence industry
The new public health
Health economics and outcome studies on type 2 diabetes education and screening in a Chinese population
National surveys of health behaviour in Finland
HACCP and its instruments : a manager's guide
"Being able to be stable" : exploring primary weight maintenance as a public health strategy for obesity prevention
International public health : patients' rights vs. the protection of patents
"An abridgement of the reference work Water Treatment, 3rd Edition by the same team of authors, this  Student Edition maintains the same quality writing, illustrations, and worked examples as the larger book, but in a more manageable and inexpensive format. All topics are discussed from the ground up, from the basic fundamentals of water chemistry, to filtration, to the design of treatment trains. Designed specifically for civil or environmental engineering students, this edition includes end-of-chapter review questions, chapter summaries, a new glossary, and a solutions manual available online"--
Epidemiology and public health
The essential guide to public health and health promotion
Their fate is our fate : how birds foretell threats to our health and our world
Public health : the development of a discipline, Volume 1, From the age of Hippocrates to the progressive era
Health citizenship : essays in social medicine and biomedical politics
A world on the move : challenges and opportunities for hiv/aids/tb care and prevention among vulnerable migrant populations in Sweden
Plural medical systems in the Horn of Africa : the legacy of "Sheikh" Hippocrates
The five horsemen of the modern world : climate, food, water, disease, and obesity
European research for a healthier future
Dangerous sexualities : medico-moral politics in England since 1830
Breeding bio insecurity : how U.S. biodefense is exporting fear, globalizing risk, and making us all less secure
Advances in exercise adherence
State of the art on the initiatives and activities relevant to risk assessment and risk management of nanotechnologies in the food and agriculture sectors
Workplace health promotion in Europe : the role of national health policies and strategies
There is increased awareness of the need for palliative care for chronic diseases. However, there remains a huge unmet need for palliative care for chronic life-limiting health problems in most parts of the world. The purpose of this Atlas is to shine a light on the need for palliative care globally and to provide useful information for those wishing to increase access. This document addresses the following questions: What is palliative care? Why is palliative care a human rights issue? What are the main diseases requiring palliative care? What is the need for palliative care? What are the barriers to palliative care? Where is palliative care currently available? What are the models of palliative care worldwide? What resources are devoted to palliative care? What is the way forward?
Socially sustainable Finland 2020 : strategy for social and health policy
The world health report 1998 : life in the 21st century, a vision for all
Towards closer intersectoral cooperation: the preparation of the Finnish national health report
Public health executive agency : role, responsibilities & activities
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
Medicine and society in Tanganyika, 1890-1930 : a historical inquiry
Food and western disease : health and nutrition from an evolutionary perspective
Obesity and the economics of prevention : fit not fat
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
A preliminary report of the health and nutrition situation in Ismani - Iringa
Final programme and abstracts of the European Conference on Chronic Disease Prevention, Helsinki, December 8-10, 2005.
Prevalence of asthma in a Finnish rural population : A study of symptomatic subjects tested for bronchial hyperreactivity
Public health : ethical issues
Towards the high quality of population health surveys : standardization and quality control
"Tobacco, alcohol and gambling corporations have been highly effective in stalling, diverting and blocking public health measures. This book provides an original and engaging expose; of the ethical issues faced by people and organizations when they accept industry money in ways that facilitate corporate influence with the public and with policy makers. It starts with a detailed examination of the risks of accepting such profits and what might be done to reduce them, then moves on to introduce the concept of a continuum of 'moral jeopardy' which shifts the emphasis from accept/not accept binaries to a focus on the extent to which people are willing to accept funding. This shift encourages people to think and speak more about the risks and to develop clearer positions for themselves. The content will be helpful to those working in government agencies, addiction services, community organizations or anyone interested in reducing the harms of addictive consumption"--Provided by publisher.
European Health Indicators : development and initial implementation : final report of the ECHIM project
Community/public health nursing practice : health for families and populations
The health of nations : medicine, disease and development in the third world
An invaluable resource for students, scholars, and general readers, this highly regarded and widely used social history of medicine and public health in the United States is now available in a third edition. Extensively revised and updated, it includes twenty-one new essays; graphs illustrating the rise in deaths caused by HIV, homicide, and suicide; and a greatly expanded Guide to Further Reading. Entirely new sections on Sickness and Health, Early American Medicine, Therapeutics, the Art of Medicine, and Public Health and Personal Hygiene have been added, supplementing updated sections on the Science of Medicine, Education, the Allied Health Professions, Image and Income, Institutions, Race and Medicine, Epidemics, Public Health Reform, and Public Health and Medical Theory. An introductory essay and a series of historical photographs complement the articles.
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
Me medicine vs. we medicine : reclaiming biotechnology for the common good
Health in all policies : prospects and potentials
Television and Fertility
Society, health and population during the demographic transition
Bugs, drugs & smoke : stories from public health
Much research has been conducted in the field of utilising the media - television and radio in particular - to promote particular public health messages. However, a burgeoning canon has examined how mass media can play a role in affecting change in fertility preferences and outcomes. In this paper we review these researches which have primarily focussed upon higher fertility settings. The impact of mass media presentation of families and children in low fertility settings has not yet been subject to rigorous sociological investigation so its impact can not be accurately inferred. However, given the pervasive nature of mass media and celebrity culture, we suggest that this is an important avenue for future research. We conclude that television plays a multi-faceted role in shaping individuals decision-making procedures concerning both demographic events and public health interactions. To illustrate this, we present a model which demonstrates a sliding scale of intent - but not impact - of various genres in order to understand the actual role of the media in shaping attitudes towards family size - either explicitly in terms of edutainment or implicitly as a forms of normalization. .
Global health : an introduction to current and future trends
Psychosocial work factors and burnout : a study of a working general population and patients at a stress rehabilitation clinic
With a summary in Swedish.
Public health in Estonia
Global health and global health ethics
The implications of obesity for public health
Principles of water treatment
Public health and human rights : evidence-based approaches
Integrating scale in remote sensing and GIS
Global status report on alcohol and health
The role of social capital in HIV prevention: experiences from the Kagera region of Tanzania
Ecosystem health and sustainable agriculture. 2, Ecology and animal health
Welfare, health and equality : survey for 2012-2015
Health in all policies : seizing opportunities, implementing policies
Health sector in Kenya : a review of available information and preliminary problem analysis
International journal of hygiene and environmental health
"What can be done about the poor state of global health? How are global health challenges intimately linked to the global political economy and to issues of social justice? What are our responsibilities and how can we improve global health? Global Health and Global Health Ethics addresses these questions from the perspective of a range of disciplines, including medicine, philosophy and the social sciences. Topics covered range from infectious diseases, climate change and the environment to trade, foreign aid, food security and biotechnology. Each chapter identifies the ways in which we exacerbate poor global health and discusses what we should do to remedy the factors identified. Together, they contribute to a deeper understanding of the challenges we face, and propose new national and global policies. Offering a wealth of empirical data and both practical and theoretical guidance, this is a key resource for bioethicists, public health practitioners and philosophers"--Provided by publisher.
The Elgar companion to health economics
An introduction to public health and epidemiology
Towards well-being : how do physical activity and sport help?
The body economic : eight experiments in economic recovery, from Iceland to Greece
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
The political economy of diet, health and food policy
Impact of weight loss on public health
Occupational therapy in community-based practice settings
Measuring health and medical outcomes
Public health and podiatric medicine : Principles and practice
Veterinary medicine and human health
Temporary employment and illness
Insect & human welfare : an account of the more important relations of insects to the health of man, to agriculture, and to forestry
Key concepts in public health
Nutrition in promoting the public ́s health : strategies, principles, and practices
Geographical research into public health and GIS : some aspects of visualisation and analysis
Public health nutrition
Nutrition and diet therapy : self-instructional modules
Social work in health settings : practice in context
International evaluation of the Department of Molecular Medicine, National Public Health Institute 26.9.2007 = Kansanterveyslaitoksen Molekyylilääketieteen osaston kansainvälinen arviointi 26.9.2007
Public health and community medicine : for the allied medical professions
National Public Health Institute = Kansanterveyslaitos (KTL) : background material for the international evaluation
Asthma programme in Finland 1994-2004 : foreward
Five-year planning framework
"Public health is everyones business in the twenty-first century. Health professionals are well placed to provide advice to their clients especially in respect to lifestyle change, but public health initiatives are also supported by a range of voluntary organisations and health workers, ranging from smoking cessation advisers to health trainers and nutrition assistants. Designed to help readers develop the practical skills they need to become effective public health practitioners, this concise text gives an easily digested overview of public health and health promotion theory in accessible language and diagrams, before moving on to the ways readers can apply this in practice. Providing an opportunity for practitioners to understand possible barriers to lifestyle change, debate health inequalities and responsibilities, and explore the role of the media in changing attitudes, it outlines the roles of specific organisations involved in public health work. Covers health needs assessment, agenda setting and the technical aspects of how to research plan and evaluate effective practice either with individual clients or when devising programmes and initiatives for population groups. Details methods of helping people with motivation for lifestyle change, building rapport, ongoing support, monitoring and signposting to specific services. Discusses role of neighbourhoods and communities in improving health and how workers may support local populations to improve the health of their community. Practical Health Promotion and Public Health is an accessible introduction to the principles and practice of health promotion and public health for all those new to working or studying in the area, whatever their professional background"--Provided by publisher.
Assessment 2007 : oil and gas activities in the Arctic - effects and potential effects. Volume 2
Public health and society
An introduction to international health
Productivity costs : principles and practice in economic evaluation
Health promotion theory
Global Atlas of Palliative Care at the End of Life
Reducing the impact of poverty on health and human development : scientific approaches
National vitality : its wastes and conservation
Dangerous Sexualities takes a look at how our ideas of health and disease are linked to moral and immoral notions of sex. Beginning in the 1830s, Frank Mort relates his social historical narratives to the sexual choices and possibilities facing us now. This long-awaited second edition has been thoroughly updated to include new discussions of eugenics, race hygiene and social imperialism in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. With a new and extended bibliography, introduction and illustrations, this second edition brings a classic into the 21st Century.
Nourishing broth : an old-fashioned remedy for the modern world
The Action Plan is intended to significantly reduce the burden of preventable diet-related noncommunicable diseases, obesity and all other forms of malnutrition still prevalent in the WHO European Region. It calls for countries to act, using a whole-of-government, health-in-all-policies approach. Its priority actions will contribute to improving food-system governance and the overall quality of the European population's diet and nutritional status.
Community oral health practice for the dental hygienist
Are the healthier wealthier or the wealthier healthier? : the European evidence
The Longitudinal Study of Medical and Health Care  Students' Experiences and Attitudes Towards  Interprofessional Learning in First Semester Course
Understanding health services
ECDC corporate : summary of key publications
Stronger through physical activity and sport
Health culture and illness behavior in Namibia
The core of the sun
Scandinavian journal of public health
Journal of public health
Nutrition essentials and diet therapy
Public health at the crossroads : achievements and prospects
Social security : welfare and public choice
Summary.
Public health reports
Oxford handbook of public health practice
Jekel's epidemiology, biostatistics, preventive medicine, and public health
Oxford handbook of tropical medicine
The effectiveness of differentiated food taxes in promoting dietary quality and nutritional health : a review of the international and Finnish evidence
Sickness and health in America : readings in the history of medicine and public health
International ideas and national agendas of public health policy : the cases of Finland and Portugal
The wealth of waste : the economics of wastewater use in agriculture
The perils of peace : the public health crisis in occupied Germany
Family doctors' journey to quality
Smallpox in two systems of knowledge
Condom nation : the U.S. government's sex education campaign from World War I to the Internet
Assessing evidence to improve population health and wellbeing
Oxford textbook of public health. Vol. 3, Investigative methods in public health
Humanistic approaches to health care : focus on social work
The economic and psychosocial consequences of obesity
Asthma programme in Finland 1994-2004 : report of a working group
Arctic social indicators : ASI II: implementation
Working for health
Medical anthropology : a biocultural approach
The world health report 2007 : a safer future : global public health security in the 21st century
From citizen participation towards community empowerment : an analysis on health promotion from citizen perspective
ISTEP – interprofessional team education promoting public health
European Food and Nutrition Action Plan 2015-2020
International perspectives of the North Karelia Project : 15 years of international visitor's programs : Joensuu, North Karelia, Finland, 15-16 December 1995 : programme and abstracts
Adult education and health
Primary and secondary preventive nutrition
Public health : building innovative practice
Oxford textbook of public health
Salmonella infections, networks of knowledge, and public health in Britain, 1880-1975
The health of adults in the developing world
Body and city : histories of urban public health
Public health and human ecology
The early sociology of health and illness. Vol. 2, Essays on state medicine
Survey methods in community medicine : an introduction to epidemiological and evaluative studies
National Public Health Institute, Department of Mental Health and Alcohol Research : background material for the international evaluation
The europ[e]anisation of occupational health services : a study of the impact of EU policies
Nursing for public health : population-based care
Moral jeopardy : risks of accepting money from the alcohol, tobacco and gambling industries
Interprofessional course "Public health and interprofessional collaboration" was planned for the first semester medical and health care students by two universities of Oulu, Finland. The course architecture was built on blended methods including lectures, video based workshops, interactive e-learning phase based on family cases with everyday health and wellbeing problems of the family members. The course ended with student conference. All together 1681 students from ten different degree programs participated in the course during the years 2007-2013. In this paper we describe the students' readiness and attitudes towards interprofessional learning (IPL) with RIPLS (Readiness towards interprofessional learning scale) in the beginning of the course and students' feedback and learning experiences at the end of the course using the web based inquiry. The attitudes and readiness towards IPL were evaluated quite positive. The highest RIPLS scores were evaluated in Teamwork and collaboration. The different development of the attitudes between the groups was seen in Roles and responsibilities. In the longitudinal perspective the medical students evaluated all of the subscales lower than the health care students. The scoring stayed in the same level during the years. The difference between the groups was significant. The learning outcomes correlated linearly with students' own activity. Those students, who took actively part in web and group discussions learned most. Family cases helped them to get the big picture of the service system. Based on students feedback participative methods gradually replaced the traditionally methods like lectures during the years. The learning outcomes were evaluated relatively good.
The added value of geographical information systems in public and environmental health
Berries in the world : introduction to the international markets of berries
Ill-health and its social patterning in Finland, Norway and Sweden
Asthma programme in Finland 1994-2004 : introduction
HIV/AIDS, illness, and African well-being
"Health in All Policies (HiAP) is an approach to policies that systematically takes into account the health and health-system implications of decisions, seeks synergies, and avoids harmful health impacts to improve population health and health equity. It is founded on health-related rights and obligations and has great potential to improve population health and equity. However, incorporating health into policies across sectors is often challenging and even when decisions are made, implementation may only be partial or unsustainable. This volume aims to improve our understanding of the dynamics of HiAP policy-making and implementation processes. Drawing on experience from all regions, and from countries at various levels of economic development, it demonstrates that HiAP is feasible in different contexts, and provides fresh insight into how to seize opportunities to promote HiAP and how to implement policies for health across sectors. Part I sets the scene with five chapters on the concept and history of HiAP, links between socioeconomic development and health, the social determinants of health, and the importance of preserving national policy space for health in a globalizing world. Part II assesses progress in eight policy areas including early childhood development, work and health, mental health promotion, agriculture, food and nutrition, tobacco, alcohol, environment and development assistance. Part III draws together lessons for the health sector, as well as for politicians, policy-makers, researchers and civil society advocates."
This book argues that the conditions of research in bioweapons and biosecurity pose a greater risk to health and security of Americans than do bioterrorist attacks, but that this risk can be countered and defeated with greater efforts against infectious diseases and greater international oversight and transparency.
Body mass and social class : a comparison of Finland and Sweden in the 1990s
eHealth as a facilitator of transnational cooperation on health : a report from the interreg III B project "eHealth for regions"
Handbook of statistics. Vol. 18, Bioenvironmental and public health statistics
THL international news
Public health report Finland
This is a practical guide to the practice of public health on a day-to-day basis. It is relevant to a graduate level public health professional in training working in an organisation which has responsibility for the health of a defined population. This edition contains an increased focus on quality of health care systems.
Health effects of market-based reforms in developing countries
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute
Plants and society
Handbook of elemental speciation II : species in the environment, food, medicine and occupational health
"Over the last several decades, historians of public health in Britain colonies have been primarily concerned with the process of policy making in the upper echelons of the medical and sanitary administrations. Yet it was the lower level staff that formed the backbone of public health systems in the colonies. Although they constituted the bases of many colonies public health machinery, there is no consolidated study of these individuals to date. Public Health in the British Empire addresses this gap by bringing together historians studying intermediary and subordinate staff across the British Empire. Along with investigating the duties and responsibilities of medical and non-medical intermediary and subordinate personnel, the contributors to this volume show how the subjectivity of these agents influenced the manner in which they discharged their duties and how this in turn shaped policy. Even those working as low level assistants and aids were able to affect policy design. In this way, Public Health in the British Empire brings into sharp relief the disaggregated nature of the empire, thereby challenging the understanding of the imperial project as an enterprise conceived of and driven from the center"--
Public health reviews
The early sociology of health and illness. Vol. 5, Public health in relation to air and water
Sprawling cities and our endangered public health
Community health and wellness : a socio-ecological approach
The health of the people : what works : the African regional health report 2014.
Nutrition in Finland
Public health nursing practice /Ruth B. Freeman
European journal of public health : official journal of the European Public Health Association
An ideal core text for introductory courses, Medical Anthropology: A Biocultural Approach, Second Edition, offers an accessible and contemporary overview of this rapidly expanding field. For each health issue examined in the text, the authors first present basic biological information on specific conditions and then expand their analysis to include evolutionary, historical, and cross-cultural perspectives on how these issues are understood. Medical Anthropology considers how a biocultural approach can be applied to more effective prevention and treatment efforts and underscores medical anthropology's potential to improve health around the world.
Public health in the British empire : intermediaries, subordinates, and the practice of public health, 1850-1960
Community public health in policy and practice : a sourcebook
Nutrition in the community : a critical look at nutrition policy, planning, and programmes
BMC public health
Knowledge for health and welfare : news from THL International Affairs Unit
Global health care : issues and policies
Public health : the development of a discipline. Volume 2, Twentieth century challenges
