http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4522 literary scholars
literary scholars
The Brontë project : a novel of passion, desire, and good PR
The educated imagination and other writings on critical theory 1933-1963
Roland Barthes
Recognizing your class : Toivo Pekkanen, Raoul Palmgren, and literature for the working class
Abjection, melancholia, and love : the work of Julia Kristeva
Barthes
A. Marshall Elliott : a retrospect
As consciousness is harnessed to flesh : journals and notebooks, 1964-1980
Professor Borges : a course on English literature
Zinaida Vengerova - in search of beauty : a literary ambassador between East and West
Georg Lukács : theory, culture, and politics
Yrjö Hirn as an antrophologist of art and literature : a memorial speech before the annual assembly of the Westermarck Society on March 21, 1952
Benjamin's ghosts : interventions in contemporary literary and cultural theory
The strangler's honeymoon : an inspector Van Veeteren mystery
A legacy regained : Nikolai Khardzhiev and the Russian avant-garde
D.S. Mirsky : a Russian-English life, 1890-1939
Hard science fiction
Fredric Jameson
Changing subjects : the making of feminist literary criticism
The correspondence of Northrop Frye and Helen Kemp 1932-1939. Vol. 1, 1932-1935
Reborn : early diaries, 1947-1964
Mourning diary : October 26, 1977-September 15, 1979
The Oxford companion to English literature
To discover the unity in oppositional concepts as seen by Frye, Graham deals with the main areas of Frye's work, including Blake's poetry, secular literature, education and work, politics, and Scripture. In each area, Graham expertly clarifies Frye's distinctive mode of thought, while drawing attention to its origins in the works of Blake. In its entirety, the study provides a fascinating conceptual framework for Frye's thinking which emphasizes its towering critical importance."--pub. desc.
Northrop Frye : religious visionary and architect of the spiritual world
The last Dickens  : a novel
Other people's countries : a journey into memory
Visionary poetics : essays on Northrop Frye's criticism
The correspondence of Northrop Frye and Helen Kemp 1932-1939. Vol. 2, 1936-1939
Medieval scholarship : biographical studies on the formation of a discipline. Vol. 3, Philosophy and the arts
English summaries / transl. by Graham Dulwich, Henna Vesterinen.
"Northrop Frye's thinking is characterized by its broad range of interests, including the poetry of William Blake, literary theory, the function of the university, Cold War politics, and Scripture. In The Necessary Unity of Opposites, Brian Russell Graham contends that it was the method of Frye's thinking - his dialectic ability to see opposing concepts as a unity rather than a dichotomy - that allowed him to transcend binary constructs and formulate new conclusions and questions about literature, politics, and society.
The ancient historians
Christianity in Bakhtin : God and the exiled author
Olʹga Freidenberg's works and days
Life after theory
East West Mimesis follows the plight of German-Jewish humanists who escaped Nazi persecution by seeking exile in a Muslim-dominated society. Kader Konuk asks why philologists like Erich Auerbach found humanism at home in Istanbul at the very moment it was banished from Europe. She challenges the notion of exile as synonymous with intellectual isolation and shows the reciprocal effects of German émigrés on Turkey's humanist reform movement. By making literary critical concepts productive for our understanding of Turkish cultural history, the book provides a new approach to the study of East-West relations. Central to the book is Erich Auerbach's Mimesis: The Representation of Reality in Western Literature, written in Istanbul after he fled Germany in 1936. Konuk draws on some of Auerbach's key concepts—figura as a way of conceptualizing history and mimesis as a means of representing reality—to show how Istanbul shaped Mimesis and to understand Turkey's humanist reform movement as a type of cultural mimesis.
Criticism and truth
Research and professional resources in children's literature : piecing a patchwork quilt
Encyclopedia of contemporary literary theory : approaches, scholars, terms
The green Avenue : the life and writings of Forrest Reid, 1875-1947
The diaries of Northrop Frye, 1942-1955
The Cambridge companion to C.S. Lewis
Quite a good time to be born : a memoir : 1935-1975
Four critics : Croce, Valéry, Lukács, and Ingarden
The letters of J.R.R. Tolkien : a selection
Encounters with Kenneth Burke
Mary Swann
The necessary unity of opposites : the dialectical thinking of Northrop Frye
Contemporary literary critics
The double life of Paul de Man
Index
life.after.theory
Great theories in literary criticism
The success and failure of Fredric Jameson : writing, the sublime, and the dialectic of critique
The professor of poetry
Varietas et concordia : essays in honour of professor Pekka Pesonen on the occassion of his 60th birthday
Bakhtin and the classics
The Americanist
Figures of dissent : critical essays on Fish, Spivak, Žižek and others
The portable Cixous
Mimesis and theory : essays on literature and criticism, 1953-2005
The saving lie : Harold Bloom and deconstruction
The historians of Greece and Rome
Saints and scholars : new perspectives on Anglo-Saxon literature and culture in honour of Hugh Magennis
Roman Jakobson : life, language, art
A second volume of journals shares intimate reflections on the writer's artistic and political development during a trip to Hanoi at the peak of the Vietnam War and throughout her film-making years in Sweden before the dawn of the Reagan era.
A scholar's tale : intellectual journey of a displaced child of Europe
French leaving
These twenty autobiographical essays by eminent feminist literary critics explore the process by which women scholars became feminist scholars, articulating the connections between the personal and political in their lives and work. They describe the experiences that radicalised women within academia and without, as students, professors, scholars, political activists, women. From these diverse histories a collective history emerges of the development of feminism as an intellectual and social movement, as a heuristic tool, as the redefinition of knowledge and power. This book presents a history of the field through the eyes of those who have created it. Offering a spectrum of experiences and critical positions that engage with current debates in feminism, it will be valuable to teachers and students of feminist theory, women's studies, and the history of the women's movement. It will interest female writers and scholars in all disciplines and anyone who cares about feminism and its future.
Literature and its theorists : a personal view of twentieth-century criticism
The Brontë project
Northrop Frye and the poetics of process
The republic of imagination : a case for fiction
The scientists : a family romance
Possession : a romance
The selected works of Andrew Lang. Volume 2, Literary ctiricism, history, biography
Bakhtin reframed : interpreting key thinkers for the arts
The ice princess
Northrop Frye : the theoretical imagination
These the companions : recollections
The Hungarian social philosopher and literary critic Georg Lukács (1885-1971) is one of the seminal intellectual figures of the twentieth century. With the possible exception of Leon Trotsky, he is also widely recognized as the outstanding Marxist thinker aside from Marx himself. Yet, as Lewis Coser has observed, Lukács has remained the most enigmatic figure of the modern communist movement. Why were his theories so important to modern political and social thought? How did he come to have such influence on so many distinguished Western Intellectuals, and for such a long time? And why, despite this, did so many of his writings infuriate contemporary readers and critics? The centenary of Lukács birth was celebrated in 1985 with symposia in a number of countries on several continents. Hundreds of Lukács scholars and students attended, along with others who were interested in his time and his ideas, as well as the man and his work. In the process, new understanding of some of his most controversial concepts, ideas, and theses emerged. Newly discovered information and writings, as well as previously unknown preocupations in his seventy-year intellectual career were shared. This volume brings together some of the best and most original of the essays of participants in New York, Paris, Budapest, and Mexico City. Some of the contributions in this volume are sharply critical of Lukács; others are clearly admiring. A great many take an objective but severe look at diverse aspects of his work. Together they constitute a close examination of the life work of the man Thomas Mann once called "The most important literary critic of today," Jean-Paul Sartre hailed as a significant modern philosopher," and Irving Howe declared "a major force in European intellectual life." Collectively, this volume shows why Georg Lukács remains one of the remarkable intellectual figures of the twentieth century, whose work is of enduring significance for us today.
Signs of the times : deconstruction and the fall of Paul de Man
For SK : in celebration of the life and career of Simon Karlinsky
Reading Lolita in Tehran : a memoir in books
The wandering scholars
The annotated Bakhtin bibliography
Fifty key literary theorists
Medieval scholarship : biographical studies on the formation of a discipline. Vol. 2, Literature and philology
Northrop Frye in context
The unexpected professor : an Oxford life in books
Studying literature : the essential companion
The worlds of Irving Howe : the critical legacy
Shamanism and literature
Eighteenth-century British literary scholars and critics
Northrop Frye's late notebooks, 1982-1990. Architecture of the spiritual world
Northrop Frye's fiction and miscellaneous writings
Things I've been silent about : memories
The biographer's tale
Roland Barthes : structuralism and after
Academic lives : memoir, cultural theory, and the university today
Rereading Frye : the published and unpublished works
A weekend with Mr. Darcy
John Payne Collier : scholarship and forgery in the nineteenth century
The Cambridge introduction to Jacques Derrida
Literary scholarship in late Imperial Russia : rituals of academic institutionalization
Northrop Frye's student essays, 1932-1938
Materializing Bakhtin : the Bakhtin circle and social theory
