http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4523 researchers
researchers
Akimbo and the baboons
Task-based information access in molecular medicine : task performance, barriers, and searching within a heterogeneous information environment
Bibliography of professor Pentti Aalto's publications 1938-1976
The strain. Volume 5, The night eternal
Monasticism and pilgrimage as scientific interests : the research profile of Professor René Gothóni
No fond return of love
Evga Japan co-operation report : Ochanomizu research visit 2014
A beautiful young wife
The scientist's social resposibility. Unit one
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Maternal pelvis, feto-pelvic index and labor dystocia
Ethics for graduate researchers : a cross-disciplinary approach
Applied microeconomic theory : selected essays of B. Curtis Eaton
On "good" academic work : practicing respect at close range
Mapping historians : historians' orientations and historical production
We are all stardust : scientists who shaped our world talk about their work, their lives, and what they still want to know
Naming the multiple: segments of scientific giftedness
International directory of marine scientists
First person singular III : autobiographies by North American scholars in the language sciences
The whistleblower : sex trafficking, military contractors, and one woman's fight for justice
The strain. Volume 6, The night eternal
The last time I saw her : a novel
Journal. 1, 1945-1955
Visiting scholar at the Department of Ethnology
Can you really rewire an adult brain? In theory the answer is 'yes', but there's a problem: no one seems to know exactly how to do it. In Override, Caroline Williams sets off on a mission to find out. Delving into the latest studies on brain plasticity, which indicate that brain games don't actually do much to make you smarter, she tries to square that finding with the reality of brain plasticity - that the brain adapts physically as we learn something new. Visiting top neuroscientists in their labs, she volunteers herself as a guinea pig in neuroscience studies, challenging researchers to make real changes to her - functioning, but imperfect - brain. She seeks to improve on her own weaknesses, such as a limited attention span and a tendency to worry too much, and then branches out into more mysterious areas such as intelligence, creativity, and the perception of time. Trying everything from high-tech brain stimulation to meditation, adding bolt-on senses and retraining her stress response, Override is a very intimate, fascinating journey into discovering what neuroscience can really do for us - and, crucially, whether it's worth all the bother.
State of wonder
Tensions in human-technology research
The musical realism of Leoš Janáček : from speech melodies to a theory of composition
Surviving the research process in politics
McGraw-Hill modern men of science. [1] : 426 leading contemporary scientists
Nexus
The ninth biennial meeting of the INBCH at the university of Klaipėda, 2014.
Take me, take me with you : a novel of suspense
The strain. Volume 1
Stalin and the scientists : a history of triumph and tragedy 1905-1953
Salomon Ilmonen, early Finnish-American historian
The strain. Volume 4 : The fall
Johan Ernst Adhemar Wirzén - the last demonstrator in botany at Alexander University
Doctoral grants and post-doctoral fellowships 2002-03
Lars Johan Prytz was the Demonstrator in Botany (1813-1820) at the Imperial Academy of Åbo, Russia (Finland today). His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In his own thesis De Styrace supervised by Professor Carl Peter Thunberg presented known species of Styrax. Prytz supervised 15 doctoral theses, of which eleven have botanical content and three provided important historical information of Åbo Akademi Botanical Gardens. He aimed to complete a brief Flora Fennica, but it was never finished. In six published parts 277 species in 123 genera are characterized. Later one unpublished manuscript was edited by Hj. Hjelt. Consequently, the total number of species presented is 314 in 136 genera. Monocotyledons and ferns were not included. All in all, Prytz announced ca. 15 new plants to Finland..
The strain. Volume 2
Doing field research here and there, near and far
Rudolf Arnheim : revealing vision
Radical reactionary
Writing refound
Studying Sensitive and Contradictory Family Situations - Considerations from Three Family Studies
The secret anarchy of science
Gunnar Landtman in Papua : 1910 to 1912
Report on the international public management network research conference in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
H is for hawk
Cultural and contextual shaping of scholarly communication : publishing and reading practices in Finnish state research institutes
Snow White Must Die by Nele Neuhaus is a tremendous new contemporary mystery series and huge international bestseller--with more than 2.5 million copies in print!On a rainy November day police detectives Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein are summoned to a mysterious traffic accident: A woman has fallen from a pedestrian bridge onto a car driving underneath. According to a witness, the woman may have been pushed. The investigation leads Pia and Oliver to a small village, and the home of the victim, Rita Cramer.On a September evening eleven years earlier, two seventeen-year-old girls vanished from the village without a trace. In a trial based only on circumstantial evidence, twenty-year-old Tobias Sartorius, Rita Cramer's son, was sentenced to ten years in prison. Bodenstein and Kirchhoff discover that Tobias, after serving his sentence, has now returned to his home town. Did the attack on his mother have something to do with his return?In the village, Pia and Oliver encounter a wall of silence. When another young girl disappears, the events of the past seem to be repeating themselves in a disastrous manner. The investigation turns into a race against time, because for the villagers it is soon clear who the perpetrator is--and this time they are determined to take matters into their own hands.An atmospheric, character-driven and suspenseful mystery set in a small town that could be anywhere, dealing with issues of gossip, power, and keeping up appearances
Guide to scholars of the history and culture of Central Asia
A wanted man : a Jack Reacher novel
Lexicon grammaticorum : who's who in the history of world linguistics
Knowing everything about nothing : specialization and change in scientific careers
The tower
Auditory display : sonification, audification, and auditory interfaces
Dental research in Finland 2001-2005 : international evaluation
I am your judge : a novel
Lincoln's dreams
Snow White must die
The sacred blood
AAASS directory of members 1985-87
The Second conference on Baltic studies in Scandinavia : Hässelby castle, June 8-11, 1973. 1, History section
H Is for hawk
Writing as movement
Tiedenaisia = Vetenskapskvinnor = Women of learning
Considering the researcher as human being
On the footsteps of the Delaware Finns and John Morton : an interpretation of the Finnish-American history by Salomon Ilmonen
Boundaries, believers and bodies : a cultural analysis of a multidisciplinary research community
The emperor of all maladies
Baltic church-historians gathered in Daugavpils at the beginning of September 2012.
Lars Johan Laurentius Johannes Prytz, Demonstator in Botany at Imperial Åbo Academy
Free radicals : the secret anarchy of science
Papers presented at the international conference: Considering the researcher as human being
To integrate or not : a comparison of the English skills of Finnish students in mainstream education and content and language integrated learning
Women and science
Grant information for researchers
Technology acceptance of digital historical record database systems among historians
The Western contribution to Buddhism
100 people who made history : meet the people who shaped the modern world
Post-communist historians on Ion Antonescu and his authoritarian regime in Romania 1940-1944
Writing myself into existence
Writing with photographs
The Christie curse
The visible scientists
Leo Strauss, the Straussians, and the American regime
Hangukhak yeongu inmyeongnok = Directory of researchers in Korean studies
Wallenius was the Demonstrator in Botany (1800-1805) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In his own thesis supervised by Professor Carl Niclas Hellenius was introduced surrogate food to compensate grain due to the repeated years of crop failures in 18th century. That theme was repeated by him also in some publications. He supervised six theses with botanical content, of which two provided important historical information of Åbo Akademi Botanical Gardens. In thesis of genus Ammi one species is described as new to science, Ammi boerberi Höckert. This neglected name is synonymous to A. majus L. Höckert was third one in Finland who described a new species to science.
The fall
The 100 most influential scientists : a ranking of the 100 greatest scientists past and present
Cultural perspectives on higher education
The cinderella murder : an under suspicion novel
Professor Eleonora Masini - a pioneering futurist : an interview
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
An anthropologist at work : writings of Ruth Benedict
Academic research and researchers
Marie Curie fellowships : success stories of the Human Capital and Mobility Programme, Training and Mobility of Researchers Programme
English language needs and language proficiency of academic professionals as a basis for developing language training : a case study of environmental researchers
The morality of scholarship
Graduate school of energy technology = Energiatekniikan tutkijankoulutusohjelma 1994-1998
The final cut
Historians as nation state-builders : the formation of Lithuanian University 1904-1922
Managing the flow of scientific and technological information
Training and mobility of researchers : fourh framework programme on research and technological development (1994-98)
Dawkins shares with us his infectious sense of wonder at the natural world, his enjoyment of the absurdities of human interaction, and his bracing awareness of life's brevity: all of which have made a deep imprint on our culture.
Chain of events
Portraits of discovery : profiles in scientific genius
Immunopathogenesis of asthma and atopic diseases : the specific role of a selected panel of genes in human T helper cell differentiation
The Rosie project : a novel
An American Fulbright scholar doing research on Ingrian (Izhorian)
(A quarter of) the world in their hands : 19 personal journeys to success
Abstract.
Dream society? Ubiquitous society? No society? : futures for Finland and the world as seen from a small pacific island
The sensitive scientist : report of a British association study group
Crackle and fizz : essential communication and pitching skills for scientists
Behind the texts and notes and the edition : M. A. Castrén's lectures on mythology
The forgotten room : a novel
Time-travel bath bomb
Historians of the Christian tradition : their methodology and influence on Western thought
The dummy
Beautiful, brilliant Dr Gina Solomon is one of a handful of scientists stationed on a remote island off the Arctic Circle. Out conducting research in the last days before winter wraps the area in months-long darkness, she witnesses a plane crash over the Bering Sea, and rescues a survivor from the wreckage. With a snowstorm stranding them unexpectedly, it's at least twenty-four hours before they return to the research station - and discover that all of the other scientists have been murdered. Whoever killed them is still on the island.
Naming the multiple : segments of scientific giftedness
The biographer's tale
Beliefs and values of successful scientists
An introduction to the study of ethics in science and scientific research, this book covers: science and ethics; ethical theory and applications; science as a profession; standards of ethical conduct in science. Objectivity in research is considered as well as ethical issues in the laboratory. Actual case studies include: Baltimore Affair; cold fusion; Milikan's oil drop experiments; human and animal cloning; Cold War experiments; strategic defence initiative; the Challenger accident; and tobacco research.
Christian Steven made several excursions to the Caucasus, Crimea and the southern provinces of Russia. He visited occasionally also Lower Volga area and did botanical collections, jointly with Marschall von Bieberstein in 1800. In this article, we present Stevens activity here. He collected plant specimens in Lower Volga area in 1800, 1806, 1811 and 1816. Based on specimens collected here, and in some cases additionally also elsewhere, Steven described Adonis volgensis (1817), Ceratocephala incurva (1848), C. leiocarpa (1848), C. reflexa (1848) and Centaurea gerberi (Steven 1856). Further, Allium sabulosum (Steven ex Bunge 1838) and Delphinium cuneatum (Steven ex DC. 1818) were described based on material Steven collected in this region.
A passion to know : 20 profiles in science
Oriental essays : portraits of seven scholars
Doctor Proctor's fart powder
Folklife in focus : interview with professor Laura Stark
Summary.
Brief candle in the dark : my life in science
The end of the world. Maybe
Information seeking and communicating behavior of scientists and engineers
Curious minds : how a child becomes a scientist
The strain
This edited collection is intended as a primer for core concepts and principles in research ethics and as an in-depth exploration of the contextualization of these principles in practice across key disciplines. The material is nested so that readers can engage with it at different levels and depths. It is unique in that it combines an analysis of complex ethical debates about the nature of research and its governance with the best of case-based and discipline-specific approaches. It deals with the following topics in depth: in the natural sciences, it explores the scientific integrity of the researcher and the research process, human cloning as a test case for the limits to research, and the emerging ethical issues in nanotechnology; in the health sciences, it takes up the question of consent, assent and proxies, research with vulnerable groups and the ethics of clinical trials; in the social sciences, it explores the issues that arise in qualitative research, interviews and ethnography; and in the humanities, it examines contested archaeologies and research in divided societies. Overview of Research Ethics Principles Full text papers from experienced researchers across many disciplines Dialogue with ethicists.
The Rosie project
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
Regulatory mechanisms involved in Th2 cell differentiation : a proteomics approach
Summary report on doctoral experience in the UniOGS graduate school at the University of Oulu
McGraw-Hill modern men of science. Volume 2 : 420 more leading contemporary scientists
“Friday is my research day” : chance, time and desire in the search for the teaching-research nexus in the life of a university teacher
An American scholar in Finland
Research biography of Liisa Uusitalo : publications by year 1968-2012
Johan Fredrik Wallenius - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
The Wake
Science and scientific researchers in modern society
The ethics of science : an introduction
Nursing reseach : setting new agendas
The musical realism of Leos̆ Janác̆ek : from speech melodies to a theory of composition
The formation of the identity as a scientist
Who's who in rock art : directory of specialists, scholars and technicians working in the field of rock art, compiled as a service to research
Women in economic and social history : research directory for the Nordic countries
International who's who of intellectuals
Cross-cultural women scholars in academe : intergenerational voices
The Sayers Swindle
The training and career structures of educational researchers : report of the working party of the educational research committee
The scientists : a family romance
Pioneers of Korean studies
The wandering scholars
Women in anthropology : autobiographical narratives and social history
Journal. 2, 1957-1969
A cold day for a murder
Destination unknown
Economic history - part of my life : my life - not only economic history
Franz Boas : the science of man in the making
Promotion and politeness : conflicting scholarly rhetoric in three disciplines
European research fellowships 1987-1993 : the experiences and views of the fellows, supervisors and administrators
Call of Cthulhu : investigator handbook
The story of a marriage : the letters of Bronislaw Malinowski and Elsie Masson. Vol. 1, 1916-20
The Second conference on Baltic studies in Scandinavia : Hässelby castle, June 8-11, 1973. 3, Social science section
To be a woman here is to be invisible : in search of the dispossessed femininity in Middle-earth
Making sense of senses : interview with Dorothy Noyes
Wirzén was the last Demonstrator in Botany (1839-1852) at Alexander University, elsinki, Finland. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. He gave also lectures on officinal plants and plant taxonomy, and private lessons on plant physiology. He supervised six theses. In his own dissertation were given several erroneous records concerning vascular plants distributions in Finland. However, it was the first attemp to define the borders of biogeographical Finland. In 1833-1835 he studied Russian flora at Kazan University, on the Volga River. Based on field excursions there, he supervised a thesis In geographica plantarum per partem provinciae Casanensis distributione illustranda periculum. Two species new to science were described, viz. Echinospermum casanense and Stellaria mollis, and seven new varieties. Corresponding specimens have not been found in the Finnish Museum of Natural History, Botanical Museum (H). Wirzen's new names have been completely overlooked by Russian and other taxonomists. Wirzén was considered to be a relatively weak botanist, but as a doctor of medicine he fared better..
The history men : the historical profession in England since the Renaissance
In pursuit of butterflies : a fifty-year affair
Apprentice to genius : the making of a scientific dynasty
No abstract
The escape
Who's who in research : film studies
World directory of crystallographers and of other scientists employing crystallographic methods
Death benefit
From chatter to saying something
How to learn to write?
Just vibrations : the purpose of sounding good
From the Early Days of Finnish Indology IV - Julio Natanael Reuter
Christian Steven (1781-1863) at the Lower Volga
Override : my quest to go beyond brain training and take control of my mind
Limitations and possibilities of dialogue among researchers, policy makers, and practitioners : international perspectives on the field of education
