http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4528 cryotechnology
cryotechnology
Heat pumps : installation and troubleshooting
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Plant Cryopreservation : Fort Collins, Colorado, USA, August 11-14, 2013
Austin Powers : international man of mystery
Maintenance of microorganisms and cultured cells : a manual of laboratory methods
Northern technical research at the University of Oulu
Introduction to food process engineering
Refrigerating systems : CIBSE commissioning code R
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 3.
Ashrae handbook : refrigeration
Trigger mortis : a James Bond novel
Data bases (DB) and knowledge bases (KB) in regional arctic research : the problems of organization and effective application
Eye in the sky : the story of the Corona spy satellites
What's new? : Women pioneers and the Finnish state meet the American kitchen
Cold war submarines : the design and construction of U.S. and Soviet submarines
Arctic offshore research in Finland
Kylmän välttämättömyys : kylmätekniikan voitonmarssi Suomessa = The need for cold : historical perspectives on Finnish refrigeration technology
Development of numerical simulators for low temperature refrigeration processes
Constructing war and military power after the cold war : the role of the United States in the shared western understandings of war and military power in the post-cold war era
Humidity control in outdoor-air-ventilated crawl spaces in cold climate by means of ventilation, ground covers and dehumidification
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 4.
Feasibility of cool storage systems in refrigeration
Industrial refrigeration : principles, design and applications
Production of calves following nonsurgical transfer of fresh and refrigerated bovine demi-embryos
Technology for living in the Arctic
Cryopumping : theory and practice
Using ultrathin LR white and cryosections on plant cell immunoelectron microscopy
Subzero Engineering Conditions Conference proceedings, [Rovaniemi, Finland, 9-11 January, 1989]
Intercept : the secret history of computers and spies
Crop improvement utilizing biotechnology
Life in the frozen state
New international dictionary of refrigeration = Nouveau dictionnaire international du froid = Novyj meždunarodnyj slovar' po holodil'noj nauke i tehnike = Neues internationales wörterbuch der kältetechnik = Nuevo diccionario internacional del frio = Nuovo dizionario internazionale del freddo = Ny internasjonal kjøleteknisk ordbok
Refrigerating engineering. part 2 / Eric Granryd
Characterisation of antibiotic-resistant psychrotrophic bacteria in raw milk
Hygrothermal Behavior of Finnish Building Exterior Walls
Polarized nuclei in normal and superconducting rhodium
Indirect refrigeration systems : design guide book
HVAC trouble shooting guide
Summary.
Food processing technology : principles and practice
Cryopreservation of crop species in Europe : Cryoplanet - COST Action 871, 20th -23rd of February 2008, Oulu, Finland
Ashrae handbook : heating, ventilating, and air-conditioning : applications
Cryo-letters
Advances in biopreservation
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 1-2
Cryopreservation of microorganisms at ultra-low temperatures
Ashrae handbook : applications
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 2.
High-tech and micropropagation. 1
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Cryopreservation in Horticultural Species : Leuven, Belgium, April 5-8, 2009
Finnish construction research in the face of tomorrow's challenges
Research on engineering in arctic and subarctic regions : The cold region technology center of Luleå University
Factors affecting Agrobacterium-mediated genetic transformation in fruit and nut crops : an overview
New MacGREGOR cold store insulation is also fire resistant
Industrial refrigeration handbook
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 5.
Principles of food processing
