http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4527 basic needs
basic needs
Research for universal health coverage
Primal management : unraveling the secrets of human nature to drive high performance
Human needs and the nursing process. 3.
Motivation and personality
Designing unified service encounters : case of Outotec maintenance services
Abstract: Primary care nurses' attitudes toward depression and its treatment.
Poverty, work, and freedom : political economy and the moral order
School choice and competition : markets in the public interest?
Curiosity and exploration : a conceptual overview and structural modeling
"A common presupposition in contemporary moral and political philosophy is that individuals should be provided with some basic threshold of goods, capabilities, or well-being. But if there is such a basic minimum, how should this be understood? Dale Dorsey offers an underexplored answer: that the basic minimum should be characterized not as the achievement of a set of capabilities, or as access to some specified bundle of resources, but as the maintenance of a minimal threshold of human welfare. In addition, Dorsey argues that though political institutions should be committed to the promotion of this minimal threshold, we should reject approaches that seek to cast the basic minimum as a human right. His book will be important for all who are interested in theories of political morality"--
Human motivation
Assessment of the additional appropriation for research
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
Technologies for basic needs
International patent classification. Vol. 1, Sections A and B : Human necessities, Performing operations, transporting
The needs of strangers
Understanding Human Need : social issues, policy and practice
Understanding motivation and emotion
Wellbeing in developing countries : from theory to research
Sense of belonging for students with intensive special education needs : an exploration of students' belonging and teachers' role in implementing support
Reconciling human existence with ecological integrity : science, ethics, economics and law
Work satisfaction of the personnel at Talenom
Fundamentals of nursing
Public health skills : a practical guide for nurses & public health practitioners
Vital minimum : need, science, and politics in modern France
A cry for water : perceptions of development in Binga District, Zimbabwe
Abstract.
Poverty as capability failure
The ethics of assistance : morality and the distant needy
The participation of informal caregivers and care quality in the hospital care of elderly patients aged 75 or older : a time series study in three care settings
Global capital, human needs and social policies : selected essays, 1994-99
5 - the dish
Needs, participation and local development : proceedings of the EADI Basic Needs Workshop Helsinki, December 13 -15, 1979
A theory of human need
How to integrate international students into private and business life in Ylivieska region
Conflict resolution and human needs : linking theory and practice
Power, production and social reproduction : human in/security in the global political economy
Self-determination theory : basic psychological needs in motivation, development, and wellness
The political philosophy of needs
The basic psychological needs in physical education scale in Filipino
Rethinking social risk in the Nordics
Not buying it : my year without shopping
Perceived autonomy support, basic needs satisfaction, motivation regulation and well-being : verification of self-determination theory in dancers in Finland
Introduction to nursing : an adaptation model
Reducing poverty in Sub-Saharan Africa : two development theories and the role of the church
Is a majority enough? : psychological well-being and its relation to academic and prosocial motivation, self-regulation and achievement at school
"Among the most influential models in contemporary behavioral science, self-determination theory (SDT) offers a broad framework for understanding the factors that promote human motivation and psychological flourishing. In this authoritative work, SDT cofounders Richard M. Ryan andEdward L. Deci systematically review the theory's conceptual underpinnings, empirical evidence base, and practical applications across the lifespan. Ryan and Deci demonstrate that supporting people's basic needs for competence, relatedness, and autonomy is critically important for virtually all aspects of individual and societal functioning."
Arguing for basic income : ethical foundations for a radical reform
The ethics of development : from economism to human development
The basic minimum : a welfarist approach
Measuring justice : primary goods and capabilities
"This book brings together a team of leading theorists to address the question 'What is the right measure of justice?' Some contributors, following Amartya Sen and Martha Nussbaum, argue that we should focus on capabilities, or what people are able to do and to be. Others, following John Rawls, argue for focussing on social primary goods, the goods which society produces and which people can use. Still others see both views as incomplete and complementary to one another. Their essays evaluate the two approaches in the light of particular issues of social justice - education, health policy, disability, children, gender justice - and the volume concludes with an essay by Amartya Sen, who originated the capabilities approach"--Provided by publisher.
Needs, rights and social development
The fair society : the science of human nature and the pursuit of social justice
Children, young people and social inclusion : participation for what?
The origins of universal grants : an anthology of historical writings on basic capital and basic income
The burden of coeliac disease : the perspectives of patients, health care system and society
