http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4521 gangs
gangs
The ways of the dead
Rules of attraction
Tokyo tribes. Volume 1
The street kids
Gangs of New York
The Boyd gang
Fighters, girls and other identities : sociolinguistics in a  Martial Arts Club
The corner : a year in the life of an inner-city neighbourhood
City of the snakes
Harry and the wrinklies
Monster : the autobiography of an L.A. gang member
Saints row : IV : commander in chief edition : Xbox 360
Young Americans
Born on a Tuesday
The city of Bohane
The violent gang
Brothers in arms
Air gear omnibus. 2
The Fall of the Essex boys
The gang : a study in adolescent behavior
Two good thieves
The ice cream con
The testament of William S.
Two crafty criminals! : and how they were captured by the daring detectives of the new cut gang ; including Thunderbolt's waxwork & The gas-fitters' ball
Unemployment and gang crime : could prosperity backfire?
A brief history of seven killings
The football factory
Down and dirty : a mosaic novel
The riot
Saints row : SR IV re-elected & Gat out of hell : Xbox One
The life
Studying youth gangs
A clockwork orange
The new girl
The walled city
Dodgers : a novel
The little old lady who broke all the rules
"In and out" : segmentary gang politics in Los Angeles
All involved : a novel
The gang intervention handbook
Street gangs have exploded in popularity worldwide. Tattoos, baggy pants, tagging, gangsta style clothes - this unspoken threat is always just around the corner in most of the world's major cities. In search of a sense of identity and belonging that their world has denied them, young people are pushed into gangs by a witch's brew of violence, guns, drugs, racism, poverty, families under pressure, and ever-widening slums. Gangs exposes the roots of the problem, from the bidonvilles of France to the favelas of Brazil. It offers a startling analysis of the complicity of
Storm front. Vol 1, The gathering storm
Life in the gang : family, friends, and violence
Air gear omnibus. 3
A mother's trust
Gangs and knife crime
Bad boys and tough tattoos : a social history of the tattoo with gangs, sailors and street-corner punks, 1950-1965
Tokyo tribes. Volume 2
The outlaw Varjak Paw
Hard time : sixteen
Mutafukaz  : Dark meat city
Saints row : double pack : PlayStation 3
A net of dawn and bones
No angel : my undercover journey to the dark heart of the Hells Angels
Homegirls : language and cultural practice among Latina youth gangs
Chosen : a house of night novel
In the dark
Seven ways to kill a cat
Virtual light
Saints row : IV : commander in chief edition : PlayStation 3
The whisperer
Studies on The secret history of the Mongols
Clay
Juvenile delinquency : readings
The Originals
Jane got a gun
In Venice, a boating accident leads to the discovery of a 400 year old text bearing the signature ‘W.S.’ and promising the truth about the ‘Shakespeare mystery’. That very night, someone tries unsuccessfully to steal the precious document. The discoverer, Marquis Stefano Da Spiri, decides to send a copy of the document to a specialist of the Bard in London for stylistic authentication. As for the original, he entrusts it to an old comrade in arms from WW2: Captain Francis Blake…
All these things I've done
Tokyo tribes. Volume 6
Unfabulous Five
Procession of the dead
This book examines how young people at a martial arts club in an urban setting participate and interact in a recreational social community. The author relates analyses of their interactions to discussions of relevance to the sociology of sports, anthropology and education, ultimately providing an analytically nuanced contribution to the study of contemporary sociolinguistic processes and identity practices. The author explores how the young participants negotiate their place in the social order, create and maintain friendship groups and relate to different social categories using the ecological descriptions provided by linguistic ethnography. The book will appeal to researchers of discourse analysis, sociolinguistics, sport sociology, extra-curricular education and anthropology.
Wheels of fire : an official London 2012 novel
Yob nation : the truth about Britain's yob culture
West side story
Deadlock : a Ryan Lock thriller
Dead I well may be : a novel
How to handle bullying and gangs
Tokyo tribes. Volume 4
Chain reaction
The devil's toenail
T.h.u.g. l.i.f.e. : a novel
The summer gang
Air gear omnibus. 4
Nothing but trouble
Dead of night
The Capitol ghost : featuring the Preliminary Jazzicals Synchronized Skating Team : a novel
The outsiders
One blood : inside Britains new gang culture
Raining fire
A world of gangs : armed young men and gangsta culture
Tokyo tribes. Volume 3
Always running : la vida loca, gang days in L.A
The knife that killed me
The Norway room
Running with the Firm : my double life as an undercover hooligan
Headstone
Saints row : the third : the full package : PlayStation 3
Ghostbusters 1&2
Harbour nocturne : a criminal novel
Blood brothers
Tokyo tribes. Volume 5
Saint death
The Last Panthers
West side story -video
The sentry
Stray
Fair-weather friend
Air gear omnibus. 1
Dragon eyes
