http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4532 phonetics
phonetics
Patterns of spoken English : an introduction to English phonetics
A drillbook of French pronunciation
A guide to speech production and perception
A primer of phonetics
Training Finnish and English speakers to produce non-native vowels
The phonetics and phonology of English pronunciation
High variability phonetic training : Arabic and Persian speakers learning Finnish vowels /y/ and /ø
Fourth International Congress of Phonetic Sciences Helsinki 4.-9.9.1961 : summaries of the papers to be read in the plenary sessions and section meetings of the Congress
ICSLP 2000 : Oct. 16-Oct.20 2000 Beijing International Convention Center, Beijing, China : the proceedings of the conference
Kwei's video codes for Chinese characters = Guishi hanzi xingsheng ma
Computer techniques in balto-finnic historical phonetics
Fourth international congress of phonetic sciences Helsinki, 4.-9. IX 1961 : summaries = Quatrième congrès international des sciences phonétiques = Vierter internationaler kongress der phonetischen wissenschaften
Fundamentals of phonetics. 2, Acoustical models generating the formants of the vowel phonemes
Proceedings of the 15th international congress of phonetic sciences : Barcelona 3-9 August 2003
Phonetic feature systems for vowels
Introducing phonetics and phonology
The Oxford handbook of corpus phonology
From memory to speech and back : papers on phonetics and phonology 1954-2002
Visible speech
A statistical study of the graphic system of present-day American English
The Oxford handbook of historical phonology
The phonetician : circular letter : a publication of ISPhS, International Society of Phonetic Sciences
Papers from the Second Swedish Phonetics Conference held at Lund, May 5-6 1988
Semitic and Indo-European. 2, Comparative morphology, syntax and phonetics
Phonetics : principles and practices
Tackling the complexity in speech
Language typology and historical contingency : in honor of Johanna Nichols
Mpur prosody : an experimental-phonetic analysis with examples from two versions of the Fentora myth
Finnish sound structure : phonetics, phonology, phonotactics and prosody
Fundamental problems in phonetics
Phonetic implementation of phonological categories in sign language of the Netherlands
Trita-TMH. 1996:5, Fonetik 96 : Papers presented at the Swedish Phonetics Conference, Nässlingen, 29-31 May 1996
Phonology: development and disorders
Studies in phonetics and linguistics
Fifty years in phonetics : selected papers
Forensic speaker identification : a likelihood ratio-based approach using vowel formants
Three areas of experimental phonetics : stress and respiratory activity : the nature of vowel quality : units in the perception and production of speech
Speech prosody and timingbdynamic aspects of speech
An outline of Marathi phonetics
As the reader will notice immediately after a quick look at the table of contents, the range of topics addressed in the individual contributions is very broad and the number of sign languages studied too - the crosslinguistic slant is recurrent in many of the chapters, a valuable feature in itself. Nevertheless, an attempt has been made to group the 17 chapters by thematic affinity into recognizable sections. Still, it should be made clear that these divisions are one of many possible ones and thus artificial: in most of the cases there are aspects of the paper that have a clear link to another thematic section. This is a natural outcome of the fact that linguistic research does not remain limited to isolated compartments, but usually looks into different subdomains in order to reach substantial results.
Speech planning and dynamics
A manual of foreign language dictions for singers
"Using an innovative approach, this book focuses on a widely debated area of phonetics and phonology: intonation, and specifically its relation to metrics, its interface with syntax, and whether it can be attributed more to phonetics or phonology, or equally to both. Drawing on data from six Romance languages (French, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, Catalan and Romanian), whose rich intonation patterns have long been of interest to linguists, J-Philippe Martin challenges the assumptions of traditional phonological approaches, and re-evaluates the data in favour of a new usage-based model of intonation. He proposes a unified description of the sentence prosodic structure, focusing on the dynamic and cognitive aspects of both production and perception of intonation in speech, leading to a unified grammar of Romance languages' sentence intonation. This book will be welcomed by researchers and advanced students in phonetics and phonology"--
An acoustic-phonetic study of internal open juncture
Phoneme communication of the deaf : theory and elementary visio-oral verbal education by means of individualized visiophonemes
Sound patterns of Hindi
Elements of general phonetics
A history of Palaihnihan phonology
The role of tone in the structure of Su̧kú̧ma
Proceedings of LP'94 : proceedings of the Conference: Item order in natural languages, Prague, August 16-18. 1994, August
Fonetiikan päivät, Helsinki 1992 = Papers from the 17th Meeting of Finnish Phoneticians
Applied phonetics : the sounds of American English
Phonetics : a contemporary approach
Speech sounds
General phonetics : for missionaries and students of languages
That voice sounds familiar : factors in speaker recognition
Testing the quality of Estonian text-to-speech synthesis
The emphatic consonants in Arabic
Fonetik -94 : papers from the Eighth Swedish Phonetics Conference, May 24-26, 1994, Lund - Backagården
Proceedings of LP'90 : proceedings of the Conference Linguistics and Phonetics: Prospects and Applications, Prague, August 27-31, 1990
Understanding phonics and the teaching of reading : critical perspectives
Phonetics
Writing the sounds of English : a precis of English phonetics, with exercises in phonemic transcription
Phonetics : a critical analysis of phonetic theory and a technic for the practical description of sounds
A glossary of phonology
A course in phonetics
This book presents a comprehensive and critical overview of historical phonology as it stands today. Scholars from around the world consider and advance research in every aspect of the field. In doing so they demonstrate the continuing vitality of one of the oldest sub-disciplines of linguistics.
Signs of the time : selected papers from TISLR 8 [2004]
Proceedings of the fifth annual meeting of the Berkeley Linguistics Society, 17 - 19 february, 1979
Readings in acoustic phonetics
Fonetik -93 : papers from the Seventh Swedish Phonetics Conference, held in Uppsala, May 12-14, 1993
Language : an introduction to the study of speech
Instrumental studies in Arabic phonetics
Origins of sound change : approaches to phonologization
Consonant quantity and phonological units in Estonian
Phonetics : a coursebook
The influence of consonants on native and non-native vowel production : a cross-linguistic study
Handbook of biolinguistics
Estonian Vowels of Three Degrees of Length
Proceedings of the 15th International Congress of Phonetic Sciences, Barcelona, 3-9 August 2003.. Vo. 3
The sound shape of language
English pronouncing dictionary
"One of the most remarkable features of phonation is the disruption of the normal respiratory cycle. Indeed, outside phonation, the normal cycle of respiration presents a comparable duration for both the inspiration and the expiration (top of Figure 1.1). Figure 1.1 Respiration cycle, without phonation (top) and with phonation (bottom) The first produced prosodic units are breath groups. At early stages of language learning, children mainly use the necessary silent pause in the inspiration phase of their respiratory cycle as boundary markers of these units. The phonation process results from the air flow generated by the lung compression during the respiration-expiration phase. This air flow generates the necessary subglottal pressure needed to produce the vibration of the vocal folds for voiced sounds (vowels, voiced consonants), friction for fricative consonants, and intraoral pressure to allow the production of stop consonants"--
Papers from Fonetik 2001 held at Örenäs, May 30 - June 1, 2001
Experimental phonetics : selected articles
The structure of spoken language : intonation in Romance
This collection of articles is a selection of some of the papers that were presented at the conference Theoretical Issues in Sign Language Research 8 (TISLR 8), which took place at the University of Barcelona between September 30th and October 2nd, 2004. TISLR is the most important international conference on sign language research and it constitutes a good overview of the current state of the field. First, because of the high standards held for the selection of papers, and second, because despite the linguistic focus, it incorporates work on sign in related fields such as neurolinguistics or psycholinguistics. The thematic blocks of the book deal with phonetics and phonology of sign, topics related to intonation, different aspects of morphology, syntax, semantics of sign languages, different aspects of sign language acquisition and two chapters are devoted to the analysis of what is commonly referred to as role shift.
Proceedings of the 15th International Congress of Phonetic Sciences, Barcelona, 3-9 August 2003.. Vo. 2
Phonum : reports from the Department of Phonetics, University of Umeå. 1, Papers from Fonetik -90 : the fourth Swedish Phonetics Conference held in Umeå/Lövånger, May 30-31 and June 1, 1990
Voicing in English and Finnish stops : a typological comparison with an interlanguage study of the two languages in contact
The Realisation of Prominence in Three Varieties of Standard Spoken Finnish
A phonological and tonal analysis of Samue using optimality theory
The Lyon phonetic manual
How to teach a foreign language
Acoustic phonetics
Natural phonetics and tonetics : articulatory, auditory, & functional
The pronunciation of English
Where do phonological features come from? : cognitive, physical and developmental bases of distinctive speech categories
Loanword phonology in Jahai
Achievements and perspectives in SLA of speech : new sounds 2010. Volume 2
Handbook of the syllable
New perspectives on Romance linguistics : selected papers from the 35th Linguistic Symposium on Romance Languages (LSRL), Austin, Texas, February 2005.. Vol. 2, Phonetics, phonology and dialectology
Phonetic symbol guide
Three areas of experimental phonetics : stress and respiratory activity : the nature of vowel quality : units in the perception and production
X fonetiikan päivät Tampereella 20.-21.3.1981 = Papers from the tenth Meeting of Finnish Phoneticians Tampere, March 20 to 21, 1981
Proceedings of the Tenth International Congress of Phonetic Sciences
Sandhi phenomena in the languages of Europe
Descriptive phonetics
Is the phonetic quality of unaccented words unpredictable? : an example from spontaneous Finnish
Summary: Effect of bandwidth on glottal inverse filtering.
Summary: Speaker recognition as a phonetic problem.
Phonetics and speech science : a bilingual dictionary = Dictionnaire bilingue de la phonétique et des sciences de la parole
Advances in phonetics : proceedings of the International Phonetic Sciences Conference (IPS), Bellingham, WA, June 27-30, 1998
Syllable weight : phonetics, phonology, typology
Articulatory phonetics : tools for analyzing the world's languages
Phonetics and phonology of Damascus Arabic
The great vowel shift : a combinatory change?
How languages work : an introduction to language and linguistics
Voicing in Dutch : (de)voicing - phonology, phonetics, and psycholinguistics
The voice : a scientific study of its formation and emission and its ailments
Mora and prosodic coordination : a phonetic study of Japanese, Eskimo and Yoruba
Some acoustic characteristics of dysarthric speech
A metrical theory of stress and destressing in English and Dutch
Phonetics in linguistics : a book of readings
Australian sign language (Auslan) : an introduction to sign language linguistics
Proceedings of the 15th International Congress of Phonetic Sciences, Barcelona, 3-9 August 2003.. Vo. 1
Achievements and perspectives in SLA of speech : new sounds 2010. Volume 1
The perception of intonation contours and focus by aphasic and healthy individuals
A handbook of phonetics : <natural> phonetics : articulatory, auditory & functional
Phonetic interpretation
Talking heads : the neuroscience of language
The physics of speech
Phonetica
Phonology in context
Towards a history of phonetics
An introduction to instrumental phonetics
This handbook introduces the field of corpus phonology: the employment of purpose-built phonologically annotated spoken language corpora for studying a wide range of phonological and phonetic phenomena. These include speakers' and listeners' acquisition and knowledge of the sound system of their native language and foreign languages as well as the laws underlying those systems. The field of corpus phonology combines methods and theoretical approaches from phonology, both diachronic and synchronic, phonetics, corpus linguistics, speech technology, information technology and computer science, mathematics, and statistics. The book is divided into four parts: the first deals with the design characteristics, creation, transcription, exploitation, and archiving of phonological corpora; the second presents current corpus-based research in phonetics, phonology, language variation, and language acquisition. In Part III, the most widely used tools for corpus compilation and exploitation are introduced, and Part IV contains descriptions of ten currently available phonological corpora in various languages.
Phonetics and diction in Singing : Italian, French, Spanish, German
Whose German? : the ach/ich alternation and related phenomena in standard and colloquial
The realisation of prominence in three varieties of standard spoken Finnish
Palatal umlaut versus velar umlaut and breaking : a comparative study of the palatalization and velarization of vowels in Germanic languages
Phonemic and morphemic frequencies in Malayalam
A tentative argument for regional quality targets in assimilating schwa
Working papers in logopedics and phoniatrics
Papers from the Second Swedish Phonetics Conference, held at Lund, May 5-6 1988
Proceedings of the 7th international seminar on speech production : Ubatuba, Brazil, December 13th to 15th, 2006 : ISSP'06
Papers from the second Swedish Phonetics Conference, held at Lund, May 5-6 1988
A critical introduction to phonetics
Manual of phonetics
Focus structure in generative grammar : an integrated syntactic, semantic, and intonational approach
Introduction to phonetics
An introduction to the comparative phonetics of English and French in North America
Proto-Japanese : issues and prospects
The phonetic basis of personality ratings with specific reference to cleft-palate speech
Speech production and perception
Perspectives on Arabic linguistics XVI : papers from the Sixteenth Annual Symposium on Arabic Linguistics, Cambridge, March 2002
Papers in linguistics 1934-1951
Voice for musicians
Ibn Jinni, an early Arab Muslim phonetician : an interpretive study of his life and contribution to linguistics
Proceedings of the third international congress of phonetic sciences : held at the University of Ghent 18-22 July 1938
Papers from the 16th meeting of Finnish phoneticians
Practical phonetics
Above and beyond the segments : experimental linguistics and phonetics
Commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Y.H. Toivonen
Speech sounds : a pictorial guide to typical and atypical speech
Proceedings of the Fourth International Congress of Phonetic Sciences : held at the University of Helsinki 4-9 september 1961
A practical introduction to phonetics
Instructor's manual for applied phonetics
The volume ends with a chapter devoted to a topic in applied linguistics: lexicography. For several articles video-examples are provided on the accompanying CD-ROM. This is just a relatively small portion of all the papers presented at TISLR 8, but it gives a representative sample of the research carried out in the field of sign linguistics. A field with an open horizon ahead! It was the second time that TISLR was organized outside North America and it attracted a very significant number of participants from all over the globe (almost 380). The book offers a representative sample of all those selected papers and it includes two of the invited lectures. All the articles submitted for this volume went through a specific anonymous peer reviewing procedure and the result of that is the collection presented here. The whole allows us to get a fair impression of a field that keeps expanding and becoming more and more prominent within linguistic research in general.
Publications of the Department of Phonetics
Preliminaries to linguistic phonetics
Da. Eto vopros! : prosodic development of Finnish students' read-aloud Russian during study in Russia
Proceedings of the Institute of Phonetic Sciences, Faculty of Humanities, University of Amsterdam. 23
Phonetic research in progress
On the nature of the sound representations used in spoken word recognition : implications from monitoring experiments
Practical phonetics and phonology : a resource book for students
Linguistic theory and phonetic methods
Understanding phonetics
Intrinsic timing and quantity in Finnish
Vowels and consonants : an introduction to the sounds of languages
The sounds of French : an introduction
Fonetik 2001 : papers from Fonetik 2001, held at Örenäs, May 30 - June 1, 2001
Phonology and morphology of Biblical Hebrew : an introduction
The principles of the International Phonetic Association being a description of the international phonetic alphabet and the manner of using it, illustrated by texts in 51 languages
