http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4539 charitable organisations
charitable organisations
Philanthropy and cultural context : Western philanthropy in South, East, and Southeast Asia in the 20th century
Civil society in China : the legal framework from ancient times to the new reform era
Challenges in identifying potential team leaders: case: Christian based non-profit organisations
Women and poor relief in seventeenth-century France : the early history of the Daughters of Charity
Open source software as a trade and development driver in developing countries : case Tunisia
Doing good by doing good : why creating shared value is the key to powering business growth and innovation
The governance of public and non-profit organisations : what do boards do?
The commons : new perspectives on nonprofit organizations and voluntary action
Evolving patterns of Asia-Pacific philanthropy
Letters from Mother Teresa
International charitable foundations : an introduction
Managing the public's trust in non-profit organizations
Government report to Parliament on the human rights policy of Finland 2009.
Strategic management of public and third sector organizations : a handbook for leaders
Analysis on diverse meanings of good governance principles in ten relief organizations
Understanding nonprofit organizations : governance, leadership, and management
Angels of mercy or development diplomats? : NGOs & foreign aid
Leasing agricultural land
How will the charities and societies law of Ethiopia affect civil society, NGOs and their partnership in development?
Good governance manual : management guidelines for the Abilis Partnership Programme
Charity, politics and the third world
God's army : the story of the Salvation Army
The Routledge companion to nonprofit marketing
Nonprofit kit for dummies
The emerging nonprofit sector : an overview
Growing civil society : from nonprofit sector to third space
In 2000, Bill and Hillary Clinton owed millions of dollars in legal debt. Since then, they've earned over $130 million. Where did the money come from? Most people assume that the Clintons amassed their wealth through lucrative book deals and high-six figure fees for speaking gigs. Now, Peter Schweizer shows who is really behind those enormous payments
Sweet charity? : emergency food and the end of entitlement
The Public Relations Handbook is a comprehensive and detailed introduction to the theories and practices of the public relations industry. It traces the history and development of public relations, explores ethical issues which affect the industry, examines its relationship with politics, lobbying organizations and journalism, assesses its professionalism and regulation and advises on training and entry into the profession.
Do opposites attract?
Nonprofits and government : collaboration and conflict
Interplay and collaboration among private and public welfare organisations
From street to hope : faith based and secular programs in Los Angeles, Mumbai, and Nairobi for street living children
Milites Pacis : military and peace services in the history of chivalric orders
Rural women in Bangladesh : the legal status of women and the relationship between NGOs and religious groups
Hybrid organizations and the third sector : challenges for practice, theory and policy
Innocent Blood
Meet charities online : How can charities utilize social media as a promotional tool?
Nonprofit organizations : theory, management, policy
Charity, philanthropy, and civility in American history
The daughters of charity and moral management in seventeenth-century France : creating conservative catholics, securing survival
Managing voluntary and non-profit organizations : strategy and structure
Managing to survive : managerial practice in not-for-profit organisations
The role and status of international humanitarian volunteers and organizations : the right and duty to humanitarian assistance
The Netherlands yearbook on international cooperation 2007
Between profit and state : intermediate organizations in Britain and the United States
Government and the third sector : emerging relationships in welfare states
Open source software as a trade and development driver in developing countries
The Cambridge social history of Britain 1750-1950. Vol. 3, Social agencies and institutions
Fighting poverty
The Europa international foundation directory 2009.
The role of NGOs : charity and empowerment
The future in us : education for global responsibility.
Managing in the voluntary sector : a handbook for managers in charitable and non-profit organizations
Mother Teresa : a simple path
A dictionary of civil society, philanthropy and the non-profit sector
Defining the nonprofit sector : a cross-national analysis
Nuns : a history of convent life, 1450-1700
Advances in nonprofit marketing : a research annual. Vol. 3
For charitable organizations seeking relationships with donors, trust is as critical a factor as reputation. Simply put, people are reluctant to give if they can't be sure of where their money is going. Building trust is fast becoming recognized as a key not only to attracting donors, but to keeping them as well. Managing the Publics Trust in Non-Profit Organizations analyzes the intricate psychological processes behind trust and philanthropy and applies this knowledge to best-practice guidelines for nonprofits. This monograph explores cognitive, affective, societal, and other contexts for trust, and how these influence giving in the short and long term. On the practical level, chapters offer new research-based methods of assessing and gauging donor trust, and a real-world framework for building trust with donors, communities, and the public at large. These organization-level ideas are also related to larger policy initiatives such as the Millennium Development Goals. Among the book's core topics: The role of trust in donating money. Understanding and measuring donors' trust in a charity. Improving charity efficiency and accountability in building trust. Communicating effectively with donors. Dealing with violations of trust. The future of charities and nonprofit organizations, especially in the digital age. The current climate demands more of the nonprofit sector as a major player in poverty reduction around the globe. Managing the Publics Trust in Non-Profit Organizations brings innovative thinking on philanthropy to researchers and academics, professionals in charity and nonprofit management, and policymakers.
On the language of charity advertisements in three British newspapers
National policy autonomy, good governance and the WTO
Little owl needs a home
Fundraising the SMART way : predictable, consistent income growth for your charity
In search of civil society
Kiwanis International : Suomi Finland 1988
Fundraising fundamentals : a guide to annual giving for professionals and volunteers
Clinton cash : the untold story of how and why foreign governments and businesses helped make Bill and Hillary rich
What a wonderful world
British friendly societies, 1750-1914
Managing the non-profit organization : practices and principles
Good governance : developing effective board : management relations in public and voluntary organisations
Strategic giving : the art and science of philanthropy
The public relations handbook
Nordic civic society organisations and the future of welfare services : a model for Europe?
The Chinese party-state in the 21st century : adaptation and the reinvention of legitimacy
Abstract: Growing up the trees of dreams : supporting adolescents'  future orientation in an Indian NGO, Udayan Care.
Essays in foreign aid, conflicts, and development
American foundations : an investigative history
NPO nengli jianshe yu guoji jingyan = NPO capacity building and international experiences
Setting up and running charity shops : an essential guide
Unseemly science
Charity, philanthropy and reform : from the 1690s to 1850
Local and global encounters : norms, identities and representations in formation
Government of Finland human rights report 2014.
Frameworks for event fundraising in Alberta, Canada
From charity to creativity : Philanthropic foundations in the 21st century : perspectives from Britain and beyond
Understanding voluntary organizations
Nonprofit organizations, which collectively make up the emerging sector, have an increasingly influential role in the economies and societies of countries throughout the world. This book, the product of comprehensive international research into the sector, offers an international overview of its scope, structure, financing and role. The authors provide a comparative summary of the findings of individual empirical analyses into the nonprofit sectors in 12 countries, including the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, Hungary, Japan, Brazil, Ghana, Egypt, Thailand and India. They explore the global scale of the sector, its sources of revenue, and differences between the countries analyzed. They assess how well-equipped nonprofit organizations are to respond to the shift towards voluntarism and away from government in many societies, and they identify the key issues such organizations need to address in the future, such as coming to terms with globalization.
How to best present charities̕ annual reports so that they meet the needs of all stakeholders
Nonprofit marketing : marketing management for charitable and nongovernmental organizations
Staging philanthropy : patriotic women and the national imagination in dynastic Germany, 1813-1916
Growing up the trees of dreams : supporting adolescents' future orientation in an Indian NGO, Udayan Care
Philanthropy in Russia : public attitudes and participation
Drawing conclusions
