http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p453 health policy
health policy
Assembling health rights in global context : genealogies and anthropologies
The healthcare imperative : lowering costs and improving outcomes : workshop series summary
Teamwork in primary health care
Health system performance comparison : an agenda for policy, information and research
New agendas in the study of the policy process
Health promotion : handbook
Decolonizing global mental health : the psychiatrization of the majority world
Health care in the European Community
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
Patients, power & politics : from patients to citizens
Measuring efficiency of macro systems : an application to millennium development goal attainment
Cost control for quality care : meeting the challenge of health system financing
HIV/AIDS in Sweden and the United Kingdom : policy networks 1982-1992
The church and AIDS in Africa : the politics of ambiguity
The European health report 2002.
Global health and global aging
Summarizes workshops convened in May, July, September, and December 2009 by the Institute of Medicine Roundtable on Value & Science-Driven Health Care (formerly the Roundtable on Evidence-Based Medicine), to explore the sources and implications of waste and excess cost in health care, as well as strategies and policies necessary to address these issues--
Health & social security : creating a better future for health in Europe : congress report
Programme for research for "Health for all by the year 2000"
Taking sides : Clashing views on controversial issues in health and society
A handbook of human resource management practice
Putting our own house in order : examples of health-system action on socially determined health inequalities
Mind, society and behavior
International public health : patients' rights vs. the protection of patents
Health and social impact of culture
Paying the tab : the economics of alcohol policy
Out of shadows : confronting America's mental illness crisis
By exploring existing material on the human trafficking phenomenon, this article aims to build a rationale for future research and development on human trafficking issues. The scope of this study is placed within the context of public health and highlights child trafficking. The qualitative data analysis software ATLAS.ti 6.2 is utilized to sketch a conceptual network of human trafficking issues. A coding scheme was planned and administered where specific terms were chosen for analysis. The aim of this study is to explore the phenomenon of exploitation and human trafficking and learn the ways in which it is addressed in the context of public health. Examples of existing action against human trafficking are discussed especially in the light of child trafficking. Global partnerships will also be discussed in terms of how they fit within the UN Millennium Goal of 2015. Considerations for future action for both local Finnish society as well as South Asian society will be addressed. The preliminary findings presented suggest that the human trafficking phenomenon is multi-faceted and should be understood as a 'glocal', intertwined public health issue..
Health citizenship : essays in social medicine and biomedical politics
Health promotion policy in Europe : rationality, impact, and evaluation
Finland drug situation 2009 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2009 national report to the EMCDDA
The HIV/AIDS pandemic is subject of numerous medical, health and socio-political publications which predominately focus on poverty related issues. Sexuality norms and traditional African gender roles remain tabooed. HIV/AIDS is spreading unhampered along the gender route, erasing Africa's most valuable resource - young women and young men. Rewarding this silence is the unaffordable loss of human capital which is needed by the sub-Saharan African region for sustainable development. The authors experienced in perennial scientific studies and community projects examine the consequences of the lethal combination of culture, patriarchy, gender norms and the spread of HIV/AIDS. This book challenges the dogma of cultural and gender norms in the HIV/AIDS context in order to advance public debate.
The dynamics of patient organizations in Europe
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition / edited by Matilda Hellman, Gun Roos & Julius von Wright
Governing health : the politics of health policy
Mental health policy, plans and programmes : (updated version)
National policy on traditional medicine and regulation of herbal medicines : report of a WHO global survey
Healthy business? : world health and the pharmaceutical industry
Evidence-based healthcare
Workplace health promotion in Europe : the role of national health policies and strategies
Aging, health expenditure, proximity of death and income in Finland
Social policy and social change : toward the creation of social and economic justice
There is increased awareness of the need for palliative care for chronic diseases. However, there remains a huge unmet need for palliative care for chronic life-limiting health problems in most parts of the world. The purpose of this Atlas is to shine a light on the need for palliative care globally and to provide useful information for those wishing to increase access. This document addresses the following questions: What is palliative care? Why is palliative care a human rights issue? What are the main diseases requiring palliative care? What is the need for palliative care? What are the barriers to palliative care? Where is palliative care currently available? What are the models of palliative care worldwide? What resources are devoted to palliative care? What is the way forward?
Contracting and political boards in planned markets
The politics of the healthy life : an international perspective
Childbirth and authoritative knowledge : cross-cultural perspectives
Determinants of institutional care at older ages in Finland
Socially sustainable Finland 2020 : strategy for social and health policy
Social work in health care in the 21st century
Priority setting : the health care debate
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
The world health report 1998 : life in the 21st century, a vision for all
"The patient survived despite the treatment" : a study of Finnish health policy and New Public Management . Case: The Government Resolution on the Health 1015 public health programme
The politics of AIDS denialism : South Africa's failure to respond
Health status and health policy : quality of life in health care evaluation and resource allocation
"Cancer can kill: this fact makes it concrete. Still, it's a devious knave. Nearly every American will experience it up-close and all too personally, wondering why the billions of research dollars thrown at the word haven't exterminated it from the English language. Like a sapper diffusing a bomb, Jain unscrambles the emotional, bureaucratic, medical, and scientific tropes that create the thing we call cancer. Scientists debate even the most basic facts about the disease, while endlessly generated, disputed, population data produce the appearance of knowledge. Jain takes the vacuum at the center of cancer seriously and demonstrates the need to understand cancer as a set of relationships--economic, sentimental, medical, personal, ethical, institutional, statistical. Malignant analyzes the peculiar authority of the socio-sexual psychopathologies of body parts; the uneven effects of expertise and power; the potentially cancerous consequences of medical procedures such as IVF; the huge industrial investments that manifest themselves as bone-cold testing rooms; the legal mess of medical malpractice law; and the teeth-grittingly jovial efforts to smear makeup and wigs over the whole messy problem of bodies spiraling into pain and decay. Malignant examines the painful cognitive dissonances produced by the ways a culture that has relished dazzling success in every conceivable arena have twisted one of its staunchest failures into an economic triumph. The intractable foil to American achievement, cancer hands us -- on a silver platter and ready for Jain's incisively original dissection -- our sacrifice to the American Dream".
An approach to economic evaluation of actions for health : a theoretic-methodological study in health economics with special reference to Finnish health policy
Choices in health policy : an agenda for the European Union
Health care in Europe after 1992
Obesity and the economics of prevention : fit not fat
The sociology of the health service
Rapid appraisal and health policy
The relationship between trends in health expenditure and the type of organisation of health care : national monograph of Finland
The politics of health policy : the US reforms, 1980-1994
Health : quality and choice
Scandinavian journal of social welfare
Public health : ethical issues
Managing Public Involvement in Healthcare Purchasing
"Tobacco, alcohol and gambling corporations have been highly effective in stalling, diverting and blocking public health measures. This book provides an original and engaging expose; of the ethical issues faced by people and organizations when they accept industry money in ways that facilitate corporate influence with the public and with policy makers. It starts with a detailed examination of the risks of accepting such profits and what might be done to reduce them, then moves on to introduce the concept of a continuum of 'moral jeopardy' which shifts the emphasis from accept/not accept binaries to a focus on the extent to which people are willing to accept funding. This shift encourages people to think and speak more about the risks and to develop clearer positions for themselves. The content will be helpful to those working in government agencies, addiction services, community organizations or anyone interested in reducing the harms of addictive consumption"--Provided by publisher.
Principles and concepts in Nordic occupational safety and health policies : dimensions of strategic thinking and approaches
"The patient survived despite the treatment" : a study of Finnish health policy and New Public Management : Case: The Government Resolution on the Health 1015 public health programme
Home care across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Finland drug situation 2013 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2013 national report to the EMCDDA
Health in all policies : prospects and potentials
Rural health development in Tanzania : a case-study of medical sociology in a developing country
Bugs, drugs & smoke : stories from public health
Sociology of health and health care : an introduction for nurses
The human right to health
Global health : an introduction to current and future trends
Air quality in Europe : 2015 report
Health care in Finland
De-medicalizing misery II / : society, politics and the mental health industry
High blood pressure and health policy : were we are and where we need to go next : a global assessment of current efforts to control high blood pressure and an analysis of future options to prevent a silent epidemic affecting hundreds of millions woldwide
Public health in Estonia
The politics of change in the health service
Health care policies and Europe : the implications for practice
Public health and human rights : evidence-based approaches
Commissioning for health and well-being : an introduction
Reducing health inequalities in the European Union
Global status report on alcohol and health
Constitutionalizing universal public healthcare in Canada : integrating quality-of-life considerations with the Charter of Rights and Freedoms
Patients, the public, and priorities in healthcare
Health in all policies : seizing opportunities, implementing policies
Health care policy
Health promotion and the policy process
Public health approach on mental health in Europe
Market limits in health reform : public success, private failure
Health registers as a source of data for research and policy making
Finland's way of setting health-care priorities
WHO expert committee on problems related to alcohol consumption : second report
The health care system in Poland
WHO resource book on mental health, human rights and legislation : stop exclusion, dare to care
Denying AIDS : conspiracy theories, pseudoscience, and human tragedy
Europe without frontiers : the implications for health
Promoting mental health : concepts, emerging evidence, practice
The political economy of diet, health and food policy
Health systems in the European Union : diversity, convergence, and integration
The handbook of global health policy
Principles and challenges of health in all policies
New directions in health care policy
Decentralizing health services : a global perspective
Improving health in the United States : the role of health impact assessment
This benchmark collection of cross-cultural essays on reproduction and childbirth extends and enriches the work of Brigitte Jordan, who helped generate and define the field of the anthropology of birth. The authors' focus on authoritative knowledge - the knowledge that counts, on the basis of which decisions are made and actions taken - highlights the vast differences between birthing systems that give authority of knowing to women and their communities and those that invest it in experts and machines. Childbirth and Authoritative Knowledge offers first-hand ethnographic research conducted by anthropologists in sixteen different societies and cultures and includes the interdisciplinary perspectives of a social psychologist, a sociologist, an epidemiologist, a staff member of the World Health Organization, and a community midwife. Exciting directions for further research as well as pressing needs for policy guidance emerge from these illuminating explorations of authoritative knowledge about birth. This book is certain to follow Jordan's Birth in Four Cultures as the definitive volume in a rapidly expanding field.
Key concepts in public health
Health politics : interests and institutions in Western Europe
The health sector in the European Community 1992 and beyond : discussion paper
AIDS Africa : continent in crisis
National occupational safety and health profile of Finland
Faculty of health sciences' research day symposium 2017 : effectiveness of health care : abstracts
Public health and society
Global Atlas of Palliative Care at the End of Life
Protection from exposure to second-hand tobacco smoke : policy recommendations
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
Air quality in Europe : 2014 report
National vitality : its wastes and conservation
Health : a vital investment for economic development in Eastern Europe and Central Asia
Towards a healthier future
Summary (s. 2-12).
Current economic, demographic, and environmental shifts are presenting major challenges to health care systems around the world. In response, decentralization--the transfer of control from central to local authorities--is emerging as a successful means of meeting these challenges and reducing inequities of care. But as with health care itself, one size does not fit all, and care systems must be responsive to global reality as well as local demand. Decentralizing Health Services explores a variety of applications of decentralization to health care delivery in both the developing and developed worlds. Outfitted with principles, blueprints, and examples, this ambitious text clearly sets out the potential role of decentralized care as a major player in public health. Its models of service delivery illustrate care that is effective, inclusive, flexible, and in tune with the current era of preventive and evidence-based healthcare . Contributors point out opportunities, caveats, and controversies as they: Clarify the relationships among decentralization, politics, and policy Differentiate between political, fiscal, and administrative decentralization in health care systems Consider public/private partnerships in health systems Explain how the effects of decentralization can be evaluated. Present the newest data on the health outcomes of decentralization Explore some challenges and global issues of health systems in the 21st century And each chapter features learning goals, discussion questions, activities, and recommendations for further reading Heralding changes poised to revolutionize care, Decentralizing Health Services will broaden the horizons of researchers and administrators in health services, health economics, and health policy.
Fixing health budgets: experience from Europe and North America
Health and social organization : towards a health policy for the twenty-first century
The Action Plan is intended to significantly reduce the burden of preventable diet-related noncommunicable diseases, obesity and all other forms of malnutrition still prevalent in the WHO European Region. It calls for countries to act, using a whole-of-government, health-in-all-policies approach. Its priority actions will contribute to improving food-system governance and the overall quality of the European population's diet and nutritional status.
"Decolonizing Global Mental Health offers a critical postcolonial reading of this newly emerging arena, with a particular focus on psychology's and psychiatry's encounters with, and responses to, distress or 'mental illness' in low-income countries. The World Health Organisation and the Movement for Global Mental Health currently push for the 'scale-up' of psychiatric and psychological interventions on to low-income countries, modelled on those from high-income countries. However critiques of psychiatric and psychological services from service users, the survivor movement and professionals, often remain invisible within 'Global Mental Health' literature. This book argues that it is imperative to explore how this alternative 'evidence base' might be mobilized to fruitfully interrogate calls to 'scale up' psychiatric and psychological services in the majority world. The book seeks to de-familiarize current 'Western' conceptions of psychology and psychiatry using postcolonial theory, and seeks to bring into focus a series of questions and problematizations. As such it is ideal reading for undergraduate and postgraduate students, as well as researchers in the fields of critical psychology and psychiatry, social and health psychology, cultural studies, public health and social work"--
International perspectives on mental health
The Intersection of Human Capital, Gender and HIV/AIDS in the African Context
Improving environment and health in Europe : how far have we gotten?
World Trade Organisation and trade-creep in Health and Social policies
"The growth in private health care for the middle classes has resulted in deeply segregated and unequal health care, with poor people being relegated to under-resourced and unresponsive public systems, and wealthy minorities receiving world-class treatment at very high prices. This book examines the scope for health care reform in South Africa and Zimbabwe. Both countries are undergoing significant attempts at reforming inequitable, private sector-dominated, health care systems in the context of fragile, negotiated, social settlements. In South Africa, the government is moving towards introducing a national health insurance scheme that holds the historic promise of introducing social solidarity and effective health care for all its citizens. However, key aspects of the proposed scheme remain unresolved and need to be widely debated. In Zimbabwe, mandatory national health insurance has been discussed for decades without any conclusion being reached or a system implemented. This option needs to be revisited as the economy stabilizes and confidence in governance improves. Based on extensive research, the contributors to this volume examine health care reform in historical context, analyze the views of key stakeholders, and reflect on current proposals for better health financing and more people-centered health systems, based on the principles of universality and social solidarity. Universal Health in Southern Africa is essential reading for academics, health professionals, and policy makers concerned with the historical, ideological, and institutional background to the current policy debate on the commercialization of health care and proposed alternatives, such as a national health system"--Back cover.
Mental health policy and practice
British social policy : a guide for overseas students
Evidence-based healthcare & public health : a journal for health policy & management
World report on ageing and health
"What do we mean when we talk about rights in relation to health? Where does the language of health rights come from, and what are the implications of using such a discourse? During the last 20 years there have been an increasing number of initiatives and efforts for instance in relation to HIV/AIDS which draw on the language, institutions and procedures of human rights in the field of global health. This book explores the historical, cultural and social context of public health activists' increasing use of rights discourse and examines the problems it can entail in practice. Structured around three interlinked themes, this book begins by looking at how and why some health issues came to be framed as human rights issues. It goes on to look at what health as a human right means for our understandings of citizenship and the political landscape. The final part of the book investigates what happens when health rights are put into practice implemented, realised, cited, ignored and resisted. Health Rights in Global Context provides an in-depth discussion of the historical, social and political context of rights in health and develops much needed critical perspectives on the human rights approach to global health. It will be of interest to scholars of public health and human rights within health care as well as sociology and anthropology"--Provided by publisher.
Dilemmas in health care
Do we listen to earthworms? : tools for evaluating the Finnish Action Plan on the sustainable use of plant protection products
Handbook of healthcare management
Health policy in Finland with special regards to organization, planning, and high technology development
Introducing global health : practice, policy, and solutions
Global health public-private partnerships : better protecting against disease but creating a gap in responsibility under international law
Summary.
The new politics of the national health service
Assessments are to change the world : prerequisites for effective environmental health assessment
Medicoeconomics : human well-being and economic welfare : research papers
Oxford handbook of public health practice
Exploring human traffiking as a public health and 'glocal' issue : future considerations and a plea for Finnish society to take action
Cost containment in health care : the experience of 12 European countries 1977-83
Finland drug situation 2014
Nursing and caring sciences : evaluation report
Between BMI 20-25 : global health control
Nordic health care systems : recent reforms and current policy challenges
Supporting vulnerable adults : citizenship, capacity, choice
The Handbook of Healthcare Management is a comprehensive examination of key management issues that are essential for assuring success and sustainability of healthcare organizations globally.
Health care provision : past, present and into the 21st century
Malignant : how cancer becomes us
The Social organisation of healthcare work
The health of nations : towards a new political economy
Risk management and governance of chemicals in articles : case study textiles
"This book offers a critical post-colonial reading of the newly emerging arena of global mental health; with particular focus on psychology's and psychiatry's encounters with, and responses to, distress or 'mental illness' in low-income countries. The World Health Organisation and the Movement for Global Mental Health currently push for the 'scale-up' of psychiatric and psychological interventions onto low-income countries, modelled on those from high-income countries (such as the UK). However critiques of psychiatric and psychological services from service users, the survivor movement and professionals from many high-income countries, often remain invisible within 'Global Mental Health' literature. This book argues that it is imperative to explore how this alternative 'evidence base' might be mobilised to fruitfully interrogate calls to 'scale-up' psychiatric and psychological services in low-income countries. The book seeks to de-familiarise current 'Western' conceptions of psychology and psychiatry using post-colonial theory, and seeks to bring into focus a series of questions and problematisations. As such it is ideal reading for undergraduate and postgraduate students, as well as researchers in the fields of critical psychology and psychiatry, social and health psychology, cultural studies, public health and social work"--
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Madness contested : power and practice
Bills of health
Community/public health nursing : promoting the health of populations
Stated preference methods and empirical analyses of equity in health economics
Implementation of interventions in the CHIMACA project
Governing medicine : theory and practice
Confronting AIDS : public priorities in a global epidemic
Making health policy
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
European Food and Nutrition Action Plan 2015-2020
The African AIDS epidemic : a history
Health care prioritisation : evolution of the concept, research and policy process
Behavioral health response to disasters
Patient organizations today play a major role in the scientific, economic and political arenas. They have become the quasi-obliged partners of researchers, industrialists and political authorities. This book investigates this quite recent configuration by offering an in-depth exploration of three thematic issues: To what social and political stakes are patient organizations confronted as regards the transformation, production, circulation, and governance of knowledge? The involvement of patient organizations in the economic world is acknowledged as confrontational, especially when it comes to relationships with the pharmaceutical industry. To what extent do opposition, ”instrumentalization“, or cooperation constitute relevant models if we are to account for the multifaceted relationships between patient organizations and economic actors? Patient organizations are the structuring actors of networks, coalitions, and collectives throughout Europe. What social and political concerns arise from these particular forms of collective action on a national or European scale? Each question is first examined through an academic and grey literature review. Then the emerging topics and critical issues are identified and discussed, drawing upon exchanges of experiences, viewpoints, and reflections between actors involved in patients’ and users’ movements and social scientists. The dynamics of patient organizations in Europe raises a number of questions of interest for all actors from the health system, as well as for social scientists. This book intends to contribute to the reflection on further research agenda setting and policy-making.
Vastine rahalle : kannanottoja terveyden edistämisen kustannusvaikuttavuuteen = Value for money : the cost-effectiveness of health promotion
A comparative review of circumpolar health systems
The europ[e]anisation of occupational health services : a study of the impact of EU policies
Tackling health inequities from concepts to practice : the experience of Västra Götaland
Moral jeopardy : risks of accepting money from the alcohol, tobacco and gambling industries
Case studies in public health preparedness and response to disasters
Global health and international community : ethical, political and regulatory challenges
Nursing for public health : population-based care
Europe for the prevention of AIDS
Universal health care in southern Africa : policy contestation in health system reform in South Africa and Zimbabwe
The health promoting school : policy, research and practice
Making health policy : networks in research and policy after 1945
Health and economic development in South-Eastern Europe
Reforming healthcare systems : Ideas, interests and institutions / Vol I
Health and welfare challenges in Europe : east, west, north and south : the 15th Biennial Conference of the European Society for Health and Medical Sociology (ESHMS) : 28-30 August 2014, University of Helsinki, Finland
"Health in All Policies (HiAP) is an approach to policies that systematically takes into account the health and health-system implications of decisions, seeks synergies, and avoids harmful health impacts to improve population health and health equity. It is founded on health-related rights and obligations and has great potential to improve population health and equity. However, incorporating health into policies across sectors is often challenging and even when decisions are made, implementation may only be partial or unsustainable. This volume aims to improve our understanding of the dynamics of HiAP policy-making and implementation processes. Drawing on experience from all regions, and from countries at various levels of economic development, it demonstrates that HiAP is feasible in different contexts, and provides fresh insight into how to seize opportunities to promote HiAP and how to implement policies for health across sectors. Part I sets the scene with five chapters on the concept and history of HiAP, links between socioeconomic development and health, the social determinants of health, and the importance of preserving national policy space for health in a globalizing world. Part II assesses progress in eight policy areas including early childhood development, work and health, mental health promotion, agriculture, food and nutrition, tobacco, alcohol, environment and development assistance. Part III draws together lessons for the health sector, as well as for politicians, policy-makers, researchers and civil society advocates."
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Prospects of Finland's health policy as seen today
The social effects of health policy : experiences of health and health care in contemporary Britain
The role of the pharmaceutical sector in malaria control in Ghana
Global report on drowning : preventing a leading killer
Reforming healthcare systems : Retrenchment, priority, setting and solidarity / Vol II
Health and the global environment
Urban environmental health and hygiene in Sub-Saharan Africa
Health care financing through micro insurance in Cameroon : a prelude to Universalism
The health care policy process
Trust and free will as the keys to success for the Low Threshold Health Service Centers (LTHSC) : an interdisciplinary evaluation study of the effectiveness of health promotion services for infectious disease prevention and control among injecting drug users
Epidemiology and health policy
This is a practical guide to the practice of public health on a day-to-day basis. It is relevant to a graduate level public health professional in training working in an organisation which has responsibility for the health of a defined population. This edition contains an increased focus on quality of health care systems.
Health : the first prerequisite of the joy of life : the history of the subject of health education in Finland
Health promotion practice
Being relational : reflections on relational theory and health law and policy
Public health : policy and politics
Blueprint for health
Mental health in Europe - new challenges, new opportunities : report from a European Conference 9-11 October 2003, Bilbao, Spain
Routledge handbook of global public health
A health economics primer
Nutrition in Finland
Physical activity and health in Europe : evidence for action
Improving mental health care : the global challenge
Preventing and addressing intimate partner violence against migrant and ethic minority women : the role of the health sector
Mortality and health policy : proceedings of the expert group on mortality and health policy, Rome, 30 May to 3 June 1983.
Public discussion of pharmaceutical policy starts up
Work, worklessness, and the political economy of health
The new health policy
A cannabis reader : global issues and local experiences : perspectives on cannabis controversies, treatment and regulation in Europe
