http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4537 educational science
educational science
Single case research methodology : applications in special education and behavioral sciences
Now in its fourth edition, Comparative Education: The Dialectic of the Global and the Local remains the same groundbreaking book when it first debuted its collection of outstanding scholars in examining the changing transnational landscape of education. With the addition of new coeditor Stephen Franz, the book provides new perspectives on the dynamic interplay of global, national, and local forces as they shape the functions and outcomes of education systems. The book calls for a rethinking of the nation-state as the basic unit for analyzing school-society relations and emphasizes the need to study social movements in relation to educational reforms. It also emphasizes the value of feminist, postcolonial, and culturally sensitive perspectives for inquiry into the potential of education systems to contribute to individual development and social change. This new edition incorporates recent developments in scholarship, especially in education policy and practice, the impact of the global economic crisis, and a new chapter on education in the European Union.
Language of the land : policy, politics, identity
Feminisms and pedagogies of everyday life
This book challenges the concept of wellbeing as applied to children, particularly in a school-based context. Taking a post-structural approach, it suggests that wellbeing should be understood, and experiences revealed, at the level of the subjective child. This runs counter to contemporary accounts that reduce children's wellbeing to objective lists of things that are needed in order to live well. This book will be useful for academics and practitioners working directly with children, and anyone interested in children's wellbeing.
Educational Research has two main aims: 1. To introduce some of the basic concepts and knowledge underlying an understanding of research. This is important as research has a specialist language all of its own. To engage with and critique research we need to be able to understand how and why a piece of research has been developed in the way it has. 2. To provide some basic frameworks for developing your own small-scale research projects. One of the best ways to deepen your understanding of research is to carry out your own! Educational Research is a comprehensive guide to practitioner research; equipping teachers with the tools to develop their research literacy and conduct their own small-scale research projects. The book covers: the foundations of good educational research, research literacy, ethical issues in educational research, managing researcher bias, critical reading and writing, an introduction to research interests, context and questions, worldviews, philosophies and methodologies of research, research methods, data capture, sampling, methods of data collection, analysing data, descriptive statistics, reliability and validity and developing small--scale research projects.
Proceedings of the Crafticulation & Education Conference
Educational measurement and evaluation
Educational assessment and evaluation : major themes in education. Volume 3, School effectiveness, accountability and international comparisons of educational achievement
This volume outlines the general principles of Learning Oriented Assessment (LOA), placing it in the context of European language learning policy. The authors pose three key questions central to LOA: 'What is learning?' , 'What is to be learned?' and 'What is to be assessed?'. It focuses on the use of evidence, and how it can be collected and used to feed back into learning, overviews large-scale assessment as practised by Cambridge English and learning-oriented classroom assessment practices, and concludes with a look at implementing LOA in practice.
Doing qualitative research : circles within circles
A comparative study of science education at the primary school level in Finland and Thailand
Fundamental statistics in psychology and education
Introduction to American public education
The dimensions of social dynamics in comparative studies on higher education
Gender and management issues in education : an international perspective
Technological and statistical advances, along with a strong interest in gathering more information about the state of our educational systems, have made it possible to assess more students, in more countries, more often, and in more subject domains. The Handbook of International Large-Scale Assessment: Background, Technical Issues, and Methods of Data Analysis brings together recognized scholars in the field of ILSA, behavioral statistics, and policy to develop a detailed guide that goes beyond database user manuals. After highlighting the importance of ILSA data to policy and research, the book reviews methodological aspects and features of the studies based on operational considerations, analytics, and reporting. In addition, it provides a detailed exposition of the technical details behind these assessments, including the test design, the sampling framework, and estimation methods, with a focus on how these issues impact analysis choices.
Researching life stories : method, theory and analyses in a biographical age
Early child development and care. Volume 182, numbers 3-4, March-April 2012, Special issue: Early child care and education in Finland
International journal of educational reform
Educational studies: a second level course. E202 Schooling and society : Block I: Schooling and capitalism. Unit 6, Schooling and pedagogy
A perspective on educational case study : a collection of papers by Lawrence Stenhouse
Scandinavian education : a bibliography of English-language materials
Research in education and the behavioral sciences : concepts and methods
Prospects : quarterly review in education
Research methods in education
Research on educational aims
Discourse formation in comparative education
Socio-digital interests, networks and excessive ICT engagement in Finnish adolescents
Researching IT in education : theory, practice and future directions
Fieldwork in educational settings : methods, pitfalls, and perspectives
Research work commissioned by the National Board of General Education : 395-425
Democracy and education : an introduction to the philosophy of education
In search of the nature of educational theories
Health education journal
How to design and evaluate research in education
Assessing learning achievement
Comparative perspectives on education
Songs and poems in the second language classroom : the hidden potential of singing for developing writing fluency
Children's social and emotional wellbeing in schools : a critical perspective
Yliopistopedagogiikka = Journal of university pedagogy
Research methods for education
Using mixed methods : frameworks for an integrated methodology
Comparative and international research in education : globalisation, context and difference
The sociology of education
Methodological developments in ethnography
John Locke on education
Educational research : taking the plunge
Introduction to educational research
The aims of education
The A-Z of learning : tips and techniques for teachers
Dictionary of education : prep. under the auspices of Phi Delta Kappa
What Ivan knows that Johnny doesn't
This book presents a collection of statistical methods and procedures to assess data coming from educational systems. The topics examined include: statistical methods for constructing composite indicators, applied measurements, assessment of educational systems, measurement of the performance of the students at Italian universities, and statistical modeling for questionnaire data. Other issues are the implications of introducing different assessment criteria and procedures to the Italian university system.
Understanding biological concepts at university : investigating learning in medical and teacher education
How to ensure ethicality of action research in the classroom?
In quest of the science of education : from reductionistic discourse to systemic theory
“They just wanna know your business” : education students' representations of online communities
International comparisons of student achievement in mathematics, science, and reading have consistently shown that Japanese and Korean students outperform their peers in other parts of world. Understandably, this has attracted many policymakers and researchers seeking to emulate this success, but it has also attracted strong criticism and a range of misconceptions of the Japanese and Korean education system. Directly challenging these misconceptions, which are prevalent in both academic and public discourses, this book seeks to provide a more nuanced view of the Japanese and Korean education systems. This includes the idea that the highly standardized means of education makes outstanding students mediocre; that the emphasis on memorization leads to a lack of creativity and independent thinking; that students' successes are a result of private supplementary education; and that the Japanese and Korean education systems are homogenous to the point of being one single system. Using empirical data Hyunjoon Park re-evaluates the strengths and weaknesses of the existing education systems in Japan and Korea and reveals whether the issues detailed above are real or unfounded and misinformed. Offering a balanced view of the evolving and complex nature of academic achievement among Japanese and Korean students, this book will appeal to students and scholars of Asian, international and comparative education, as well as those interested in Asian society more broadly.
Educational perspectives on recognition theory
Becoming critical : education, knowledge and action research
The challenge of Soviet education
Planning health promotion programs : an intervention mapping approach
Learning microscopic pathology : scaffolding the early development of expertise in medical image interpretation
Kodály today : a cognitive approach to elementary music education
Action research for change and development
Research reports No. 13-21 : Department of psychology, Institute of pedagogics = Tutkimusselosteet No. 13-21 : Psykologian laitos, Jyväskylän kasvatusopillinen korkeakoulu
Journal of distance education
Educational statistics : use and interpretation
Guide international de la recherche en histoire de l'éducation = International guide for research in the history of education
Statistical models for test equating, scaling, and linking
Critical education in the new information age
Design-based implementation research : theories, methods, and exemplars
Educational research and evaluation methods
Thesaurus of ERIC descriptors
This rewritten, expanded and updated 7th edition of the long-running bestseller Research Methods in Education encompasses the whole range of methods currently employed by educational research at all stages. It offers plentiful and rich practical advice, underpinned by clear theoretical foundations, research evidence and up-to-date references. Chapters new to this edition cover: Causation, critical educational research, evaluation and the politics of research, including material on cross-cultural research, mixed methods and participatory research Choosing and planning a research project, including material on sampling, research questions, literature reviews and ethical issues Meta-analysis, research syntheses and systematic reviews Virtual worlds and internet research Using and analysing visual media and data in educational research Organizing and presenting qualitative data, content analysis, coding and computer analysis, themes, narratives, conversations and discourses, grounded theory Understanding and choosing statistical tests, descriptive and inferential statistics, multi-dimensional measurement and factor analysis Research Methods in Education is essential reading for both the professional researcher and students of education at undergraduate and postgraduate level, who need to understand how to plan, conduct, analyse and use research. The textbook is accompanied by a website: www.routledge.com/textbooks/cohen7e. PowerPoint slides for every chapter contain an outline of the chapter structure followed by a thorough summary of the key points, ideal for both lecturers and students.a Within the book a variety of internet resources are referred to and these references have been included here, with links to the websites.a A wide range of supplementary documents are available for many chapters, providing additional guidance and examples.a They range from guidelines for the contents of a research proposal with a worked example, to screen-print manuals for using SPSS and QSR N6 NUD*IST (exportable to N-Vivo) plus data files.
Handbook of international large-scale assessment : background, technical issues, and methods of data analysis
Doing educational research
Educational research : planning, conducting, and evaluating quantitative and qualitative research
Doing research about education
Mathematics tests available in the United States and Canada
Mixing methods : qualitative and quantitative research
Selections from his works
Higher education policies in the EU and in the People's Republic of China : a comparative approach
Improving education : realist approaches to method and research
Some actual problems of the pedagogical and general education in the north of Europe
The goal of this book is to emphasize the formal statistical features of the practice of equating, linking, and scaling. This book encourages the view and discusses the quality of the equating results from the statistical perspective (new models, robustness, fit, testing hypotheses, statistical monitoring) as opposed to placing the focus on the policy and the implications, which although very important, represent a different side of the equating practice. This book contributes to establishing 'equating' as a theoretical field, a view that has not been offered often before. The tradition in the practice of equating has been to present the knowledge and skills needed as a craft, which implies that only with years of experience under the guidance of a knowledgeable practitioner could one acquire the required skills. This book challenges this view by indicating how a good equating framework, a sound understanding of the assumptions that underlie the psychometric models, and the use of statistical tests and statistical process control tools can help the practitioner navigate the difficult decisions in choosing the final equating function. This book provides a valuable reference for several groups: statisticians and psychometricians interested in the theory behind equating methods, in the use of model-based statistical methods for data smoothing, and in the evaluation of the equating results in applied work; practitioners who need to equate tests, including those with these responsibilities in testing companies, state testing agencies, and school districts; and, instructors in psychometric, measurement, and psychology programs.
Terminology : Unesco: IBE education thesaurus : a faceted list of terms for indexing and retrieving documents and data in the field of education with French and Spanish equivalents
The study of education
Fundamentals of educational research
Applied research in education
Educational research : contemporary issues and practical approaches
The story of the new education
Papers presented at the Annual Conference of the British Educational Research Association : University of Exeter, England, 12-14 September 2002.
Towards an u nderstanding of language learner self-concept
An introduction to qualitative research synthesis : managing the information explosion in social science research
How do we conduct classroom research? Why is classroom research valuable to teachers and schools? How does classroom research contribute to teaching, learning and school transformation? The fourth edition of this bestselling book is a practical guide for teachers that wish to conduct research in their classrooms and for schools that wish to improve their practice. Classroom research, as described in this book, will enable teachers to enhance their own or their colleagues' teaching, to test the assumptions of educational theory in practice and to implement and evaluate whole school developments.Comprehensively revised and updated, changes to the new edition include: a major re-working of the last four chapters; comprehensive description of how to conduct classroom research; two new chapters on analyzing and reporting research; updated case study examples and cameos; and, the contribution of teacher research in enhancing personalized learning and school transformation. The book also explores models of teaching and learning; methods for collecting, analyzing and reporting data; and, the ways in which classroom research can be published and linked to the curriculum, teaching and staff development
Profiles of second language learners in bilingual education : a comparative study of the characteristics of Finnish and American students
Democracy and education
The foundations of education : a survey of principles and projects. Vol. 1, The aims and organization of education
Teacher thinking and the case method : theory and future directions
Standardized tests in education
Social competence and loneliness during the school years : issues in assessment, interrelations and intergenerational transmission
Childhood education
Elementary school guidance & counseling
Critical pedagogy and cognition : an introduction to a postformal educational psychology
Educational measurement : from foundations to future
Statistics in education
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Planning for innovation in education
Variation theory and the improvement of teaching and learning
Research in education
Statistical methods for the evaluation of university systems
Handbook of design research methods in education : innovations in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics learning and teaching
The international encyclopedia of education : research and studies. Supplementary Vol. 2
Pupils' decision making in technology : research, curriculum development and assessment : proceedings PATT-14 conference Albuquerque, New Mexico, USA, March 18 and 19, 2004
A teacher's guide to classroom research
Evaluation of teacher education programs by students and graduates
Comparative education : the construction of a field
Educational technology research and development : ETR & D.
Exploring cross-national attraction in education : some historical comparisons of American and Chinese attraction to Japanese education
Re-becoming universities? : higher education institutions in networked knowledge societies
Education about and through technology : in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
Education year book
Creative schools : revolutionizing education from the ground up
Data mining and learning analytics : applications in educational research
Robert Owen on education
The basics of caring research
Constituting the healthy employee? : governing gendered subjects in workplace health promotion
Doing research/reading research : re-interrogating education
Policy research in educational settings : contested terrain
Advances in measurement in educational research and assessment
Educational assessment and evaluation : major themes in education. Volume 1, Purposes, functions and technical issues
Becoming a reflective teacher
Handbook of human and social conditions in assessment
Education : a guide to reference and information sources
Towards science education for sustainable development in developing countries : a study of Ethiopia, Ghana and Nigeria
Church and state in English education : 1870 to the present day
Encyclopedia of modern education
Adult education policy in the European Union during the Lisbon decade : the shift to vocational adult learning and work skills matching
Compulsory music course from an enterprise approach (pedagogical approach)
Uppsala studies in education
Methods of educational research
A history of Western education
Economics of education
Benefit-oriented socially engaged art : two cases of social work experiment
Directions taken by Finnish educational research in 1973
Dynamic concept analysis (DCA) : integrating information in conceptual models
This book focuses on the language of proofs, argument and rhetoric in educational research. It also explores the language of particular debates significant to the wider educational context, such as the language of goals, parenting, and citizenship.
European journal of teacher education
Education inquiry
International references to Swedish educational research : a citation study
Interrupting the psy-disciplines in education
This book offers critical explorations of how the psy-disciplines, Michel Foucault's collective term for psychiatry, psychology and psycho-analysis, play out in contemporary educational spaces. With a strong focus on Foucault's theories, it critically investigates how the psy-disciplines continue to influence education, both regulating and shaping behaviour and morality. The book provides insight into different educational contexts and concerns across a child's educational lifespan; early childhood education, inclusive education, special education, educational leadership, social media, university, and beyond to enable reflection and critique of the implications of psy-based knowledge and practice. With chapters by a mixture of established and emerging international scholars in the field this is an interdisciplinary and authoritative study into the role of the psy-disciplines in the education system.
International education : an encyclopedia of contemporary issues and systems
Supervisors' emerging role in second-generation knowledge management
Being reflexive in critical educational and social research
Designing research in education : concepts and methodologies
Finding out in education : a guide to sources of information
How to Design and Evaluate Research in Education provides a comprehensive introduction to educational research. The text covers the most widely used research methodologies and discusses each step in the research process in detail. Step-by-step analysis of real research studies provides students with practical examples of how to prepare their work and read that of others. End-of-chapter problem sheets, comprehensive coverage of data analysis, and information on how to prepare research proposals and reports make it appropriate both for courses that focus on doing research and for those that stress how to read and understand research. An early focus on how to locate appropriate literature helps students make effective use of online search tools.
Researching education : reference tools and networks
Handbook of research in education finance and policy
Work for your happiness : theoretical and empirical study defining and measuring happiness at work
Educational record
Qualitative research : an introduction to methods and designs
Foundations for research : methods of inquiry in education and the social sciences
Limits of knowledge society : epistemology and philosophy of sciences & economy
Encyclopedia of educational research : a project of the American Educational Research Association
Digging deeper into action research : a teacher inquirer's field guide
International review of education
Education : its data and first principles
English abstract: Academic career paths : the early career phases of generalists in the fields of humanities, social science and education in the 1980's and 1990's
Technology, pedagogy and education
Internal capacities for school improvement : principals' views in Swedish secondary schools
21st century education : a reference handbook. Volume 1
Comparative studies and educational decision
Educational research : an introduction
Theory and practice of education. Vol. 2, Academic disciplines, educational policy and the education of teachers
Education as an academic discipline
Student workbook to accompany how to design and evaluate research in education
Re-evaluating education in Japan and Korea : demystifying stereotypes
Pedagogical anthropology
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
This book introduces and explores major topics in contemporary educational measurement: criterion-referenced testing, item response theory (IRT), computer-based testing, cross-lingual and cross-cultural assessment, and accountability testing. Psychometric experts describe forward-looking measurement practices and provide a contextualized understanding of how and why they were developed, how they can be used, and where they may go in the future. In addition to presenting key concepts and formulas, the volume covers established and emerging applications and discusses recurrent challenges that require additional research. A helpful glossary of abbreviations is included. The book is grounded in the work of Ronald K. Hambleton.
The record
Educational studies: a second level course. Personality and learning : methodology handbook
Comparative education : the dialectic of the global and the local
Learning oriented assessment : a systemic approach
Qualitative educational research in developing countries : current perspectives
This book is a remarkable feat of scholarship - so remarkable in fact that I put it in the same league as the great classics of the field that had so much to do with setting the direction of 'Comparative Education'. Indeed, this volume goes further than earlier classics to reveal, through textual analysis and interviews with key figures, how the epistemological foundations of the field and crucial professional developments combined to, as the title indicates, construct Comparative Education. Manzon's work is indispensable - a word I do not use lightly - for scholars who seek a genuine grasp of the field: how it was formed and by whom, its major theoreticians, its professional foundations, and so on. Clearly too, this book marks the rise of a young star, Maria Manzon, who shows promise of joining the ranks of our field's most illustrious thinkers.
Publications from the Faculty of Education
An introduction to the study of comparative education
A wholesome humanity, a healthy environment : the outcomes of first three terms and future plans
Peter McLaren, education and the struggle for liberation
Research methods in education : an introduction
Understanding educational evaluation
Educational studies
Effects of management by objectives : studies of Swedish upper secondary schools and the influence of role stress and self-efficacy on school leaders
Complementary methods for research in education
Research work commissioned by the National Board of General Education
Teachers college record
Educating the global workforce : knowledge, knowledge work and knowledge workers
Performance & instruction
Thinking outside the box : enhancing science teaching by combining (instead of contrasting) laboratory and simulation activities
Item response theory : principles and applications
Educational research : proofs, arguments, and other reasonings
New methods of teaching? : reforming education in Lao PDR
Understanding and evaluating educational research
Action research : principles and practice
Action research : teachers as researchers in the classroom
Theory and practice of education. Vol. 1, Theory, values and the classroom teacher
Psychology and the science of education : selected writings
First international congress of educating cities : final documents
European educational research journal (EERJ)
The Handbook of Human and Social Conditions in Assessment is the first book to explore assessment issues and opportunities occurring due to the real world of human, cultural, historical, and societal influences upon assessment practices, policies, and statistical modeling. With chapters written by experts in the field, this book engages with numerous forms of assessment: from classroom-level formative assessment practices to national accountability and international comparative testing practices all of which are significantly influenced by social and cultural conditions. A unique and timely contribution to the field of Educational Psychology, the Handbook of Human and Social Conditions in Assessment is written for researchers, educators, and policy makers interested in how social and human complexity affect assessment at all levels of learning. Organized into four sections, this volume examines assessment in relation to teachers, students, classroom conditions, and cultural factors. Each section is comprised of a series of chapters, followed by a discussant chapter that synthesizes key ideas and offers directions for future research. Taken together, the chapters in this volume demonstrate that teachers, test creators, and policy makers must account for the human and social conditions that shape assessment if they are to implement successful assessment practices which accomplish their intended outcomes.
Critical education against global capitalism : Karl Marx and revolutionary critical education
Schooling as a ritual performance : towards a political economy of educational symbols and gestures
Research in education : a conceptual introduction
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
This encyclopedia provides thorough, up-to-date coverage of key topics, concepts, and issues, as well as in-depth studies of national educational systems throughout the world. Articles examine education broadly and at all levels--from primary grades through higher education, formal to informal education, country studies to global organizations.
Educational measurement
Nature and young children : encouraging creative play in natural environments
Spontaneous focusing on numerosity in the development of early mathematical skills
Playing to learn : business simulation games as leadership learning environments
Educational studies and documents
Malmö studies in educational sciences
Qualitative research synthesis provides a comprehensive glimpse of what individual qualitative studies show. The authors describe the process of data analysis, synthesis and interpretation that users may follow and adapt.
APA style simplified : writing in psychology, education, nursing, and sociology
