http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p454 politics
politics
Baltic horizons
What is Europe's future
Effects of developing country policies on agricultural services, extension, rural infrastructure and energy, health care, water and sanitation
Politics in France
Chance in hell
Beyond the miracle : inside the new South Africa
International politics : foundations of international relations
Understanding the Baltic and Estonian puzzles : The  political economy of rapid external liberalization in  Estonia and Latvia
The Encyclopedia of Political Thought contains over 900 A-Z entries on the most significant political thinkers, theories, concepts, ideas, and schools of thought. Available online or as an eight-volume print set, the Encyclopedia examines the history of political thought, contemporary political theory, and political philosophy. The entries range in size from shorter definitions and biographies to extended treatments of major topics and traditions. The Encyclopedia traces the evolution of political thinking from antiquity to the present and emphasizes the richness and diversity of the field's traditions.
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis
International law under pressure : continued relevance in times of hardship
The rhetoric of youth living by Baltic Sea : mutant and mobile political spaces of citizens
Strategy : a history
This year in Jerusalem
Pictorial Victorians : the inscription of values in word and image
Relativism and religion : why democratic societies do not need moral absolutes
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Pioneers of a European Diplomatic System : EU Delegations in Moscow and Washington
"The patron saint of atheists or the reception of Machiavelli"
Ethnicity, Religion and Politics in Tanzania : The 2010 General Elections and Mwanza Region
Political stability and consensus : Keys to sustainable  transition
Development and functioning of fiscal frameworks in the Central and Eastern European countries
Queens consort, cultural transfer and European politics, c. 1500-1800
Western political theory in the face of the future
Assessing the impact of politics : a typology and beyond
The triangular relationship between the social, the political and the cultural has opened up social and political theory to new challenges. The social can no longer be reduced to the category of society, and the political extends beyond the traditional concerns of the nature of the state and political authority. This Handbook will address a range of issues that have recently emerged from the disciplines of social and political theory, focusing on key themes as opposed to schools of thought or major theorists. It is divided into three sections which address: the most influential theoretical traditions that have emerged from the legacy of the twentieth century the most important new and emerging frameworks of analysis today the major theoretical problems in recent social and political theory. The Routledge International Handbook of Contemporary Social and Political Theory encompasses the most up-to-date developments in contemporary social and political theory, and as such is an essential research tool for both undergraduate and postgraduate students, as well as researchers, working in the fields of political theory, social and political philosophy, contemporary social theory, and cultural theory.
In Strategy: A History, Sir Lawrence Freedman captures the vast history of strategic thinking, how strategy came to pervade every aspect of our lives. The range of Freedman's narrative is moving from the advanced strategy practiced in primate groups, to the opposing strategies of Achilles and Odysseus in The Iliad, the strategic advice of Sun Tzu and Machiavelli, the great military innovations of Baron Henri de Jomini and Carl von Clausewitz, the grounding of revolutionary strategy in class struggles by Marx, the insights into corporate strategy found in Peter Drucker and Alfred Sloan, and the contributions of the leading social scientists working on strategy today. The core issue at the heart of strategy, the author notes, is whether it is possible to manipulate and shape our environment rather than simply become the victim of forces beyond one's control. Time and again, Freedman demonstrates that the inherent unpredictability of this environment-subject to chance events, the efforts of opponents, the missteps of friends-provides strategy with its challenge and its drama. Armies or corporations or nations rarely move from one predictable state of affairs to another, but instead feel their way through a series of states, each one not quite what was anticipated, requiring a reappraisal of the original strategy, including its ultimate objective. Thus the picture of strategy that emerges in this book is one that is fluid and flexible, governed by the starting point, not the end point.
Democratization of justice : the selection of judges as a problem of legal ethics and the separation of powers
A rhetoric of reduction : Bertrand de Jouvenel's pure theory of politics as persuasion
Continuity, Manifolds, and Arrow's Social Choice Problem
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
Political handbook of the world : 1997 : governments and intergovernmental organizations as of December 1, 1996 (with major political developments noted through January 15, 1997)
Washington, D.C. : a novel
Adaptation to world trends : a rereading of the May Fourth Movement radicalization
In Trump we trust : e pluribus awesome!
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1998, vol. 2.
Chef
Emphasising the significance of foreign languages at the centre of war and conflict, this book argues that 'foreignness' and foreign languages are key to our understanding of what happens in war. Through case studies the book traces the role of languages in intelligence, military deployment, soldier/civilian meetings, occupation and peace building.
Gender consciousness and politics
The secret agent : a simple tale
Putin has now been nominally running the country for nearly a year. The question that seized us all earlier this year - Who is Mr. Putin? - has been long since answered, although in different ways. The issue that preoccupies us now is the broader, and more important, one of where Russia is headed.Putin is of course part of the answer, but only a part, and perhaps only a small part.Much more depends on the conditions and broad trends in Russia and the limits they place on possible Russian futures.The search for the answer therefore begins with a prior question: What kind of Russia did Yeltsin bequeath to Putin?Having answered that question, we need to take a look at what has changed under Putin's leadership. Only then can we lay out some plausible scenarios for Russia's development over the next few years.  Keywords: Russia, economic and political system, Vladimir Putin .
The thirteenth of May: the advent of De Gaulle's Republic
Building a strategy document based on international project :  “Innovation in regional policy” study case
Raising the stakes : the need for a more ambitious American policy towards Iran
The limits of neoliberalism : authority, sovereignty and the logic of competition
Fixing the kingdom : political evolution and socio-economic challenges in Bahrain
Environmental issues facing Tibetan pastoral communities
Towards a new Ireland
Big agenda : President Trump's Plan to Save America
Religion, prestige and windows of opportunity? : (Qatari peace making and foreign policy engagement)
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis /Kaisa Kotakorpi, Panu Poutvaara
An obedient father
The almanack of women and minorities in world politics
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
Women in South African politics : rural Shangaan women in focus
We Are All Georgians : The Neoconservative Narrative on the Russia-Georgia War
The American polity : a social and cultural interpretation
"ACSM's Health/Fitness Facility Standards and Guidelines" presents the current standards and guidelines that help health and fitness establishments provide high-quality service and programme offerings in a safe environment. This fourth edition includes new standards and guidelines for pre-activity screening, orientation, education and supervision. A key benefit to the new edition is that it will assist health and fitness facility managers, owners and staff in keeping to a standard of operation, client care and service that will assist members and users in caring for their health through safe and appropriate exercise experiences.
Decade of disillusionment : the Kennedy-Johnson years
Abstract: Behave and we will leave you in peace : contacts between MEPs and national parties.
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Bioeconomy and ecosystem services - synergy or conflict? : horizontal and vertical policy analysis, modelling and orchestration in practice : Final Conference Proceedings of FPS COST Action FP1207
Displacement of politics
Japanese people and politics
The battle for Zimbabwe : the final countdown
A divided country : microhistorical perspective to the presidents and authority in Uganda
Russia's approach to arms control, peace mediation and national dialogues
Chinese political thought
Psychology and politics : an introductory reader
Ethics and politics : theory and practice
Ten thousand lovers
Political analysis : technique and practice
"Zooropa! my Zooropa!" : U2's critique of Europe in the 1990s
The dialectic of understanding progress in arctic governance
Politics and legitimacy in Post-Soviet Eurasia
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
Silver city
The inseparable union of taxation and representation : a conceptual approach on the idea of representation during the controversies on the excise scheme and the Stamp Act, 1732-1734 and 1765-1766
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
As one of the major actors on the scene of international politics, Russia also impacts the various efforts of arms control, conflict settlement and mediation. This pertains to issues such as the Syrian conflict, nuclear proliferation in the case of Iran or various conflicts part of the post-Soviet space. Success or failure in these efforts has considerable significance for the conduct of international relations, including Russia's own standing on the international scene. In particular, the approach adopted has impacted the chances of capitalizing on regionalization as an asset potentially bolstering Russia's weight and influence. In addition to outlining the Russian approach to arms control, conflict settlement and mediation more generally, the various contributions included in the book set out to probe the policies pursued in the case of specific conflicts such as those unfolding in the Southern Caucasus as well as Moldova. In this context the only resolved post-Soviet conflict consists of that pertaining to Tajikistan whereas all other may be described as 'frozen conflicts'. Particular attention is devoted to the case of Nagorno-Karabakh and the various efforts to address and settle that conflict. Out of the various 'rozen' conflicts part of the post-Soviet space, it stands perhaps out as the 'hottest' one, although competes for attention and need of analysis with other conflictual issues in the region.
The Routledge Companion to Art and Politics offers a thorough examination of the complex relationship between art and politics, and the many forms and approaches the engagement between them can take. The contributors - a diverse assembly of artists, activists, scholars from around the world - discuss and demonstrate ways of making art and politics legible and salient in the world. As such the 32 chapters in this volume reflect on performing and visual arts; music, film and new media; as well as covering social practice, community-based work, conceptual, interventionist and movement affiliated forms. The Companion is divided into four distinct parts: * Conceptual Cartographies * Institutional Materialities * Modalities of Practice * Making Publics Randy Martin has assembled a collection that ensures that readers will come away with a wider view of what can count as art and politics; where they might find it; and how it moves in the world. The diversity of perspectives is at once challenging and fortifying to those who might dismiss political art on the one hand as not making sufficient difference and on the other to those embracing it but seeking a means to elaborate the significance that it can make in the world. The Routledge Companion to Art and Politics brings together a range of issues and approaches and encourages critical and creative thinking about how art is produced, perceived, and received.
Blood of tyrants
Totalitarian speech
Speaking truth to power : the art and craft of policy analysis
The heretics : a John Shakespeare mystery
Since its intellectual inception in the 1930s and its political emergence in the 1970s, neo-liberalism has sought to disenchant politics by replacing it with economics. This agenda-setting text examines the efforts and failures of economic experts to make government and public life amenable to measurement, and to re-model society and state in terms of competition. In particular, it explores the practical use of economic techniques and conventions by policy-makers, politicians, regulators and judges and how these practices are being adapted to the perceived failings of the neoliberal model. By picking apart the defining contradiction that arises from the conflation of economics and politics, this book asks: to what extent can economics provide government legitimacy?
Norden - making a difference? : possibilities for enhanced Nordic cooperation in international affairs : the Norden 2020 project report
Politics and the Twitter revolution : how tweets influence the relationship between political leaders and the public
Linking domestic and European politics : Finnish meps and the votes that shaped the 7th European parliament
A people of seers : the political aesthetics of postwar cinema revisited
The principle of fairness and political obligation
Politics : a very short introduction
Journal of Inner and East Asian Studies
Political handbook of the world: 1998 : governments and intergovernmental organizations as of January 1, 1998 (with major political developments noted through April 1, 1998)
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2002, vol. 6.
External liberalisation is usually hard to implement politically. Therefore the speed and depth of liberalisation in Estonia and Latvia raises a 'Baltic puzzle'.Estonia is also unique in that it has implemented free trade - the 'Estonian puzzle'.This paper uses political economy analysis of exogenous factors, interests, institutions and ideas to understand these two puzzles.The impact of the crisis of the early 1990s on interests and institutions is shown to be a precondition of the Baltic puzzle, but ideas and exogenous factors are more important in explaining actual policy choices.The Estonian puzzle is seen as the result of a unique configuration of political economy variables.  Key words: political economy, external liberalisation, free trade, Estonia, Latvia .
The political humanism of Hannah Arendt
The concept of the political on the world stage
Why the EU fails : Learning from past experiences to succeed better next time
Political legitimacy has become a scarce resource in Russia and other post-Soviet states in Eurasia. Their capacity to deliver prosperity has suffered from economic crisis, the conflict in Ukraine and the ensuing confrontation with the West. Will nationalism and repression enable political regimes to survive? This book investigates the politics of legitimation in post-Soviet countries, focusing on how political and intellectual elites exploit different modes of legitimation. Combining cross-national comparisons and country case studies, it addresses state-economy relations, pro-presidential parties, courts, ideas of nationhood, historical and literary narratives. Weak economic performance, evidence of electoral fraud, unresponsive governments and the waning authority of presidents continue to jeopardize institutional legitimacy. Whilst incumbent elites have been able to shift between legitimation modes, this collection argues that shifts towards nationalism, artificial charisma and traditionalism will not be sufficient in the long term to keep elites in power.
Personal branding and political marketing : action research study about a candidate in the Finnish parliamentary elections
The condition of democracy in Russia, the party system and the State Duma
The temple-goers
Representation, nation and time : the political rhetoric of the 1866 parliamentary reform in Sweden
In Adversarial Design, Carl DiSalvo examines the ways that technology design can provoke and engage the political. He describes a practice, which he terms "adversarial design," that uses the means and forms of design to challenge beliefs, values, and what is taken to be fact. It is not simply applying design to politics--attempting to improve governance for example, by redesigning ballots and polling places; it is implicitly contestational and strives to question conventional approaches to political issues. DiSalvo explores the political qualities and potentials of design by examining a series of projects that span design and art, engineering and computer science, agitprop and consumer products. He views these projects-- which include computational visualizations of networks of power and influence, therapy robots that shape sociability, and everyday objects embedded with microchips that enable users to circumvent surveillance--through the lens of agonism, a political theory that emphasizes contention as foundational to democracy. Each of these projects engages one of three categories as a medium--information, robots, and ubiquitous computing--and in each of them certain distinctive qualities of computation are used for political ends or to bring forth political issues. DiSalvo's illuminating analysis aims to provide design criticism with a new approach for thinking about the relationship between forms of political expression, computation as a medium, and the processes and products of design.
Storylines : politics, history and narrative from an Arendtian perspective
Nordicum : Scandinavian business magazine
Human nature in politics
What is intercultural communication competence in the context of the European Parliament? : perceptions about the required intercultural skills from the perspective of Finnish members of the European Parliament
First Dog on the Moon, handsome and debonair correspondent for The Guardian and The Monthly, the nation's only marsupial-based Walkley award-winning cartoonist, the brilliant mind behind creations like the Racist Carrot, the ABC Interpretive Dance Bandicoot and Ian the Climate Denialist Potato, now gathers together all the best First Dog cartoons into one glorious, technicolour book / National Library of Australia.
Jailbird : a novel
Parliamentary affairs
Interdependence of politics and economic development : financial stabilization in Russia
The state of U.S.-Russian relations and the new Bush  administration
After a decade of moving from plan to market economies, variations in the rate of economic reforms and performance are evident for transition countries.For many, stabilisation of economic fundamentals has given way toward the issues of creating deeper institutional and structural reforms.The evidence of successful transitions indicates a positive link between liberalisation and economic performance.However, the evidence does not fully capture the domestic country-specific choice of political regime and the degree of social consensus.This paper, part of a two-paper series, argues that these are important explanatory variables for the rate of transition chosen by a country and for sustained reforms for fast-reformers.Political stability and consensus correlate with a faster reform effort.Political instability and lack of consensus, corresponding to conflict zones, correlates with delayed reform. Evidence from transition countries shows that the countries in the latter group, e.g. countries in the Caucasus, shift to a fast-track reform process once political stability and consensus replace internal conflict.In contrast, countries with political stability but lack of consensus remain relatively stagnant in their rates of economic reforms and economic growth. .
British politics today
Watching a dragon's egg hatch : the making of a sinocentric world?
Aboriginal rights and self-government : the Canadian and Mexican experience in North American perspective
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the Levantine Middle East
Arms and influence
International control of sea resources
The developing nations: what path to modernization?
The golden age : narratives of empire : a novel
This book addresses the question of gender and feminism in western political theory and practise. It provides students with both the theoretical and historical underpinnings of women's exclusion from politics, and the feminist response to this exclusion.
Asian islam in the 21st century
The role of the European Union at the United Nations Human Rights Council
Arctic Europe : bringing together the EU arctic policy and Nordic cooperation
Discusses the decade of the Sixties in America, the administrations of two Democratic Presidents, Kennedy and Johnson, and the war in Vietnam.
MPs as slack maximizers. Do MPs hide in the crowd?
The man in the high castle
A theory of political obligation : membership, commitment, and the bonds of society
Globally oriented citizenship and international voluntary service
Power and political culture in Suharto's Indonesia : the Indonesian Democratic Party (PDI) and decline of the new order (1986-98)
The status and appraisal of classic texts : an essay on political theory, its inheritance, and the history of ideas
Drive in cinema : essays on film, theory and politics
Roosevelt's blues : African-American blues and gospel artists on president Franklin D. Roosevelt
Social movements in global politics
Acclaimed author Attica Locke reintroduces us to environmental lawyer Jay Porter (her Black Water Rising protagonist), who takes one last case on the behalf of the community of Pleasantville in this new thriller--only to become embroiled in its shadowy politics, a disturbing education in how far those in power are willing to go to win.
Midnight's children
The global water crisis : a reference handbook
The political constraints on Russia's economic development : the visionary zeal of technological modernization and its critics
Politics of commemoration on the streets of 1920s Helsinki
Emission policy in an economic union with Poisson technological change
International history of the twentieth century and beyond
Dancing with dogma : Britain under Thatcherism
Hollywood : a novel of America in the 1920s
Christian realism and political problems
Good deeds & gunboats : two centuries of American-Chinese encounters
Readings in world politics
God and the financial crisis : essays on faith, economics, and politics in the wake of the Great Recession
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. 2012/2013, vol. 16
Tradition in Chinese politics : the Party-state’s reinvention of the past and the critical response from public intellectuals
Moral principles and political obligations
This Discussion Paper explores Nigeria's human development aid to Africa, Caribbean and Pacific countries under its international volunteer programme called the Technical Aid Corps (TAC). It critically examines the relationship between participation in international civic service and civic nationalism. Using a combination of empirical and analytical methods, the author is able to provide insights into the impact of two decades of Nigeria's aid diplomacy within the context of South-South solidarity and into the inculcation of values linked to globally oriented citizenship in TAC volunteers. The findings of this study are of value to those interested in emerging African development cooperation in the global South and the expanding notions of citizenship beyond borders. Scholars, development actors and policymakers will find this study refreshingly different and highly informative.
Perspectives on the Taiwan issue
A note on the European Union's integrated maritime policy
Languages at war : policies and practices of language contacts in conflict
Feminist political togetherness : rethinking the collective dimension of feminist politics
The World Hobbit Project at Cardiff University, UK
Routledge international handbook of contemporary social and political theory
Politics & feminism
The encyclopedia of political thought
European Union and the developing nation's external debt: EU-15's debt policy, 1960-2008
The role of the Latvian planning regions in national regional development policy implementation and European Union structural funds management
Latin America : a panorama of contemporary politics
Classics of moral and political theory
Expressing politics through visual theatre : analysis of contemporary visual theatre artists from Post-Soviet countries
Political ideology in the modern world
Ukraine in tomorrow's Europe
Red April
Study of the flying geese theory from a political point of view : a Japanese propaganda argument in the post world war II era
Sectarian identities or geopolitics? : the regional Shia-Sunni divide in the Middle East
Modern authoritarianism : a comparative institutional analysis
Resettlement from the Russian North : an analysis of state -induced relocation policy
Pleasantville
Essay on political tactics / : Jeremy Bentham
Politics and the Twitter Revolution: How Tweets Influence the Relationship between Political Leaders and the Public by John H. Parmelee and Shannon L. Bichard is the first comprehensive examination of how Twitter is used politically. Surveys and in-depth interviews with political Twitter users answer several important questions, including: Who follows the political leaders on Twitter, and why? How persuasive are political tweets? Is political Twitter use good for democracy? These and other questions are answered from theoretical perspectives, such as uses and gratifications, word-of-mouth communication, selective exposure, innovation characteristics, and the continuity-discontinuity framework. In addition, content analysis and frame analysis illustrate how political leaders' tweets frame their policies and personalities. The findings in Politics and the Twitter Revolution show Twitter to be surprisingly influential on political discourse. Twitter has caused major changes in how people engage politically. Followers regularly take actions that are requested in leaders' tweets, and, in many cases, leaders' tweets shape followers' political views more than friends and family. Other findings raise concerns. For some, Twitter use contributes to political polarization, and there is frequently a disconnect between what followers expect from leaders on Twitter and what those leaders are giving them.
The wretched of the earth
The battle backwards : a comparative study of the battle of Kosovo Polje (1389) and the Munich agreement (1938) as political myths
Dictionary of British politics
The postmodern and political agency
The evidence enigma : correctional boot camps and other failures in evidence-based policymaking
Government in the United Kingdom : the search for accountability, effectiveness and citizenship
This book examines the emergence of gender consciousness among women as a significant force in American politics. The author bases her argument on an in-depth empirical analysis of data derived from the U.S. biennial National Election studies of 1974 to 1984, the year of the emergence of the so-called gender gap. The author discusses the fact that while feminism is central to womens' political orientation, the simple awareness of gender differences and group consciousness is a powerful force of change.
On money
Queens Consort, Cultural Transfer and European Politics examines the roles that queens consort played in dynastic politics and cultural transfer between their natal and marital courts during the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries. This collection of essays analyses the part that these queens played in European politics, showing how hard and soft power, high politics and cultural influences, cannot be strictly separated. It shows that the root of these consorts' power lay in their dynastic networks and the extent to which they cultivated them. The consorts studied in this book come from territories such as Austria, Braunschweig, Hanover, Poland, Portugal, Prussia and Saxony and travel to, among other places, Britain, Naples, Russia, Spain and Sweden. The various chapters address different types of cultural manifestation, among them collecting, portraiture, panegyric poetry, libraries, theatre and festivals, learning, genealogical literature and architecture. The volume significantly shifts the direction of scholarship by moving beyond a focus on individual historical women to consider 'queens consort' as a category, making it valuable reading for students and scholars of early modern gender and political history.
Venezuelan politics and society in times of Chavismo = Politica y sociedad en la Venezuela del Chavismo
Shame : a novel
Dangerously exposed : the life and death of the resilient subject
The intellectual in politics and other essays
Helsinki review of global governance : making sense of power
Astana's architecture as a representation of the new Kazakhstan : political reading of Astana's built environment
Environment and planning. C, Government and policy
Introduction to political science : people, politics, and perception
Review of politics
The Secret Agent
A fundamental belief in personal liberty and in the ability of free markets to realise the good lies at the heart of the neoliberal economic orthodoxy that has now shaped public policy for a generation. Confidence in orthodox economics has, however, been badly shaken by the financial crisis of 2008 and, in the years following, by the effects of the Great Recession. The era of casino banking was not only an era of de-industrialisation and under-employment, but also of iniquitous tax avoidance schemes, and of grotesquely inflated levels of social inequality. Such factors, we now realise, have reduced the life-prospects of millions of our fellow-citizens. This interdisciplinary volume of essays, with wide-ranging contributions by theologians and social scientists, explores the theological, economic, and moral implications of these developments. Its central claim is that neoliberalism's failure to appreciate the limitations of its fiduciary commitments contributed massively to the economic crisis. A more honest appraisal of the relation between the language of belief and the sphere of economic behaviour is therefore required. This must also result in appropriate policy changes, to harness the power of the economy to serve a more generous vision of the human good.
Risk management and governance of chemicals in articles : case study textiles
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1999, vol. 3.
Executive summary (s. 5-7).
Zeit, Geschichte und Politik = Time, history and politics : zum achtzigsten Geburtstag von Reinhart Koselleck
The milkman in the night
Politics and aesthetics in the arts
The might of nations : world politics in our time
Video games as new tools for political persuasion : web games of the Estonian Centre Party
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Sovereignty in the cyber domain
Charles de Gaulle & the French resistance : a case study on the legitimacy and contention of a resistance and its leader
The Routledge companion to art and politics
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
Discrimination for the sake of the nation : the discourse of the League of Polish Families against "others" 2001-2007
The significance of Rimsky-Korsakov in the development of a Russian national identity
Transparency in politics and the media : accountability and open government
The politics of theatre and drama
The crisis of public communication
Indigenous film as a tool for developing and maintaining indigenous culture and identity : how do indigenous films and indigenous film festivals as non-governmental organisations develop and maintain indigenous culture and identity?
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
Tweeting God, guns and the constitution : the online impression management and political branding of Sarah Palin
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
Revisioning the political : feminist reconstructions of traditional concepts in western political theory
The first real world war and the emerging nuclear holocaust
Contemporary arab politics : a concise history
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
A treasury of cartoons
The secret agent
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Drama power on the rise? : US soft power may increase as a function of Washington dysfunction
Anarchy and order : essays in politics
Energy, policy, and the environment : modeling sustainable development for the North
In the name of Vivir Bien : indigeneity, state formation and politics in Evo Morales' Bolivia
Initial findings from the IEA International civic and citizenship education study
The end of power : from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn't what it used to be
Politics, poetry, and sufism in medieval Iran
Dissolving the problem of political obligation
Media culture : cultural studies, identity and politics between the modern and the postmodern
Not with a bang but a whimper : the politics and culture of decline
The Soviet political system : a book of readings
China: new age and new outlook
This book sets the questions of energy and the environment in the North in the global context and further addresses historical developments, views on energy taxation and tariffs, and effects of EU energy policy. Climate change appears more frequently than ever on the top of global and national policy agendas. In the current situation traditional environmental concern and environmental policy may not suffice in the face of the global challenge as manifested by climate change and the depletion of fossil energy resources. But as new data comes to light, new energy policies and changes in economic structures are crucial for putting into action global climate policy. Crucial tasks in environmental policy are the sustainable utilisation of natural resources and the conservation of natural and human-made habitats. One of the areas of the world where this comes into play the most is in the Nordic countries. Northern societies are predominantly high tech, high consumption and high energy supply societies. And with the transition from older energy sources (wood for heating and stream water for power production) to newer ones (oil and nuclear energy) discussions on the environmental impact have led to public and corporate action. The Northern countries have been at the forefront in finding sustainable alternatives to solve conflicts arising from the rise in energy needs. However, these countries have taken different pathways with different policies in attempting to achieve this. As the needs and concerns from climate change arise, a Northern dimension, involving policies that contrast to European and global trends, emerges. "Energy, Policy, and the Environment: Modeling Sustainable Development for the North" explores that dimension.
The labyrinth of politics : a conceptual approach to the modes of the political in the Scottish enlightenment
Authoritarian modernization in Russia : ideas, institutions, and policies
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Latin American politics in perspective
Ethnicity and democratisation in Africa : challenges for politics and development
Western political thought : an historical introduction from the origins to Rousseau
Sisällysluettelo: Troubled Relations  5 No Agenda  7 Asymmetry  8 The Post-Cold War World  8 The Future of the Relationship  9  .
This Discussion Paper explores the challenges that ethnicity poses for democratisation and development in Africa. It provides an overview of the literature on ethnicity and democratisation and an analysis of the trends on the continent since the end of the Cold War. In this regard, it critically examines perspectives on the impact of ethnicity on democracy and analyses the ethnicity-citizenship nexus in the context of the national democratic question in Africa. This provides the basis for the analysis of emerging challenges facing Africa and the way forward. The paper provides additional insights into the ongoing debates about democracy and the nation-state question in Africa and is of interest to scholars, practitioners and the general reader.
First among equals
What's the matter with Kansas? : how conservatives won the heart of America
Olympic politics
Spirit matters : the worldwide impact of religion on contemporary politics
Divination, politics, and ancient Near Eastern empires
Politics in America
In or out? : international community membership: beliefs, behaviour, contextuality and principles
Patterns of political instability
League of dragons
Politics : who gets what, when, how
All or nothing : avoiding inefficient compromise in international cooperation
Black swans : what will chance the world next?
International politics : anarchy and order in the world society
Russia revisited
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
Addressing state fragility in Africa : a need to challenge the established ‘wisdom’?
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1997.
Advocacy coalitions in EU regional policy in Finland : A study on Finnish policy actors ̀ objectives for the 2014-2020 structural fund programme period
