http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4546 psychohistory
psychohistory
A sadly troubled history : the meanings of suicide in the modern age
Elastic minds at the flexible labor market : the rise and fall of psychological man
The legacy of the Siege of Leningrad, 1941-1995 : myth, memories, and monuments
The welfare state as a suffocating Medusa
Bursts : the hidden pattern behind everything we do
Psychology and history : interdisciplinary explorations
The self as project : politics and the human sciences
Remembering and forgetting after war : narratives of truth, justice and reconciliation in a Bosnian town
Swedish summary - Sammanfattning.
Foundation and Empire is the story of first contact between the two Foundations of Hari Seldon. The Seldon Plan guided the First Foundation safely through two centuries of chaos as the Galactic Empire disintegrated. Seldon's recorded holographic image appeared in the Council Chamber on Terminus at moments of crisis predicted by pshychohistory, and his voice was heard. Even war between the Foundation and the remains of the Empire was foreseen - and planned for - by the great scientist.But Seldon had no way of predicting the birth of the Mule, a mutant of uncanny power and unlimited ambition. The Mule's conquests are effortless and his subjects mind-controlled slaves.The Foundation is powerless against the supernormal force the Mule exerts. The Seldon Plan is in tatters. Two men and a woman from Terminus flee to the ruins of might Trantor in an effort to discover where the mysterious Second Foundation was established. Its help is needed desperately against the mental powers of the Mule. But the Mule, using those same astonishing powers, is also looking for the Second Foundation.
Shame, revenge and glory : on russian childrearing and politics
Swedish summary. - Sammanfattning.
Decoding the past : the psychohistorical approach
Fighting the good fight
Second foundation
Everyday life in early Soviet Russia : taking the revolution inside
Jews, Germans and other disasters
Prelude to Foundation
Foundation
Writing History, Writing Trauma
The wages of guilt : memoirs of war in Germany and Japan
I did it to save my life : love and survival in Sierra Leone
The fourth discontinuity : the co-evolution of humans and machines
Putin the rational terminator
Stalin's loss and shame
Shrinking history : on Freud and the failure of psychohistory
The mystified war : regeneration and sacrifice
Psychohistorie und Politik
Foundations of psychohistory
An Ottoman mentality : the world of Evliya Çelebi
Imaginary trials : war crime trials and memory in former Yugoslavia
Historics : why history dominates contemporary society
Reclaiming the personal : oral history in post-socialist Europe
The inhabited ruins of Central Europe : re-imagining space, history, and memory
Swaddling, shame and society : on psychohistory and Russia / Juhani Ihanus
Postsocialism : politics and emotions in Central and Eastern Europe
The Southern past : a clash of race and memory
From Chu Pang-liang to Yen Yuan : a psychohistorical interpretation of Yen Yuan's violent attack on Chu Hsi
Nation as mother figure for reformers in Finland, 1840-1910 : a psychohistorical approach to identification
More people die by suicide each year than by homicide, wars, and terrorist attacks combined. Witnesses and survivors are left perplexed and troubled. Doctors, clinical psychologists, and social workers try to deal with it through their professional routines; sociologists and psychiatrists attempt to provide theoretical explanations of it. In a study of nearly 7000 suicides from 1900 to 1950, John Weaver documents the challenges that ordinary people experienced during turbulent times and, using witnesses' testimony, death bed statements, and suicide notes, reconstructs individuals' thoughts as they decide whether to endure their suffering. Bridging social and medical history, Weaver presents an intellectual and political history of suicide studies, a revealing construction and deconstruction of suicide rates, a discussion of gender, life stages, and socio-economic circumstances in relation to suicide patterns, reflections on reasoning processes and intent, and society's reactions to suicide, including medical intervention. "A Sadly Troubled History" marshals thousands of suicide inquests, replete with observations on the anxieties of unemployment, the heartbreak of romantic disappointment, the pain of domestic turmoil, and the torments of mental illness, to demonstrate that history - although, like biochemistry, sociology, psychology, and psychiatry, reliant on remarkable yet imperfect information - can contribute to a better understanding of the suicidal act and its motives.
Rise and Fall of "Jobs" as Personal Possession and the Vicissitudes of Possessive Individualism
Foundation and empire
The new history and the old : critical essays and reappraisals
Young man Luther : a study in psychoanalysis and history
Emotion and social change : toward a new psychohistory
Recalling the past - (re)constructing the past : collective and individual memory of World War II in Russia and Germany
The Russian Revolution of 1905 : centenary perspectives
The ancient mind : elements of cognitive archaeology
National rebirth out of young blood : Sacrificial fantasies in the Finnish Civil War
Zhirinovsky and the swaddled Russian personality
Exploring the relationship between psychology and history, this book considers how the disciplines could benefit from a closer dialogue.
Nietzsche, psychohistory, and the birth of Christianity
Prenatal fantasies during the Finnish civil war
Psychohistory in the age of the internet
People and their pasts : public history today
James Jackson Putnam and psychoanalysis : letters between Putnam and Sigmund Freud, Ernest Jones, William James, Sandor Ferenczi, and Morton Prince, 1877-1917
Problems of historical psychology
The changing guise of myths : philosophical essays
The past in the present : the construction of Polish history
The wayward mind : an intimate history of the unconscious
Soldiering and the making of Finnish manhood : conscription and masculinity in interwar Finland, 1918-1939
Object relations, the self and the group : a conceptual paradigm
Erik H. Erikson as a pioneer of psychohistory
Remembrance, history, and justice : coming to terms with traumatic pasts in democratic societies
The Balkans beyond nationalism and identity : international relations and ideology
When the First Foundation was conquered by a force Seldon had not foreseen the overwhelming power of a single individual, a mutant called the Mule - the second Foundation was forced to reveal it's existence and, infinitely worse, a portion of its power. One man understood the shifting patterns of the inhabited cosmos. This was Hari Seldon, the last great scientist of the First Empire. The mathematics of psychohistory enabled Seldon to predict the collapse of the Empire and the onset of an era of chaos and war. To restore civilization in the shortest possible time, Seldon set up two Foundations. The First was established on Terminus in the full daylight of publicity. But the Second, "at the other end of the galaxy", took shape behind a veil of total silence. Because the Second Foundation guards the laws of psychohistory, which are valid only so long as they remain secret. So far the second Foundation's location, it's most closely guarded secret of all, has been kept hidden. The Mule and the remnants of the First Foundation will do anything to discover it.
The new history and the old
Putin the aging terminator: psychohistorical and psychopolitical notes
Foundation's edge
Second Foundation
My own private Germany : Daniel Paul Schreber's secret history of modernity
Mind control, world control
Terror in my soul : communist autobiographies on trial
Battled nerves : Finnish soldiers' war experience, trauma, and military psychiatry, 1941-44
Swaddling, shame and society : on psychohistory and Russia
States of memory : continuities, conflicts, and transformations in national retrospection
From metaphor to meaning : papers in psychoanalytic anthropology
The Routledge companion to philosophy of psychology
Masculinities and the ideal warrior : images of the Jäger movement
Profiling Russian leaders from a psychohistorical and psychobiographical perspective
Bursts : the hidden patterns behind everything we do, from your e-mail to bloody crusades
In the house of the hangman : the agonies of German defeat, 1943-1949
A mind of her own : the life of Karen Horney
Public history and heritage today : people and their pasts
Divine and profane psychopower : religion and politics in Russia
Psychoanalysis, historiography, and feminist theory : the search for critical method
How societies remember
History, memory and politics in Central and Eastern Europe : memory games
Post-communist Poland contested pasts and future identities
Enduring loss in early modern Germany : cross disciplinary perspectives
The structure of mind in history : fine major figures in psychohistory
Children remembered : responses to untimely death in the past
Freedom and determinism in Russian history : an empirical study in the Philosophy of History
The Balkans, the terror of culture : essays in political anthropology
On the origins of psychoanalytic psychohistory
Black : the history of a color
Fantasy and reality in history
Psychohistory : theory and practice
Remembering communism : genres of representation
King Herod : a persecuted persecutor : a case study in psychohistory and psychobiography
The meaning of Hitler
Melancholy, genius, and utopia in the Renaissance
My age of anxiety : fear, hope, dread, and the search for peace of mind
The small history of great events in Czechoslovakia after 1948, 1968 and 1989
Hiroshima traces : time, spaces, and the dialectics of memory
Germans as victims : remembering the past in comtemporary Germany
It is 498 years since the two Foundations came into existence - half-way through the Interregnum planned by Hari Seldon. The Second Foundation has once more successfully concealed its existence so that the laws of psychohistory can operate to usher in a new Empire ruled by the mental sciences. The Second Foundation is thought to be extinct...except by Councilman Golan Trevize. Trevize fears that the mysterious Second Foundation will bid for power once a new Galactic Empire is established. To prevent Trevize spreading alarm' the Mayor of Terminus exiles him to the abandoned ruins of Trantor. Accompanying Trevize is Janov Pelorat' Professor of Ancient History at the University of Terminus. Pelorat hopes to find on Trantor a clue to the location of the planet that gave birth to the human race. His belief in the existence of Earth is considered as far-fetched as Trevize's belief that the Second Foundation endures.
The myth of irrationality : the science of the mind from Plato to Star Trek
A history of the senses : from antiquity to cyberspace
The psychohistorian's handbook
Mad men and Medusas : reclaiming hysteria
Cultural trauma and life stories
Group-fantasy and the flow of images
Titostalgija : študija nostalgije po Josipu Brozu = Titostalgia - a study of nostalgia for Josip Broz
Mad princes of renaissance Germany
Greatness : who makes history and why
Past impersonal : group process in human history
Revolution on my mind : writing a diary under Stalin
Bettelheim : a life and a legacy
Nature embodied : gesture in ancient Rome
Origins of genius : Darwinian perspectives on creativity
Memory and utopia : the primacy of intersubjectivity
Telling October : memory and the making of the Bolshevik Revolution
