http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4548 international courts of justice
international courts of justice
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 28, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2005-2006
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 27, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2005
Model Draft Statute for the International Criminal Court : based on the preparatory Committee's text to the diplomatic conference, Rome, June 15-July 17 1998
Just revenge? The deterrence argument in international criminal law
Handbook on the draft statute for an international criminal court
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Volume XXXIV, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2007
Developing a culture of conflict prevention
Punishing war crimes in the former Yugoslavia : a critical juncture for the international community
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 4, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 1999-2000
"What better gift could today's politician's bequath tomorrows generation?" : a rhetorical analysis of arguments in support of the International Criminal Court in the United Kingdom House of Commons 1998-2001
The European Union and the International Criminal Court
Reflections on the International Criminal Court : essays in honour of Adriaan Bos
The World Court in action : judging among the nations
European Convention on Human Rights and transition of the legal culture : reception of the argumentation of the European Court of Human Rights by the Finnish supreme jurisdictions
The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court: a commentary. Vol. 2
The new terrain of international law : courts, politics, rights
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Volume 2, The International Criminal Tribunal for the Rwanda 1994-1999
"The international criminal courts and tribunals which deal with perpetrators of atrocities are an established part of the effort to bring an end to impunity for international crimes. This leading textbook gives an authoritative account of international criminal law, and focuses on what the student needs to know - the crimes that are dealt with by international courts and tribunals as well as the procedures that govern the investigation and prosecution of those crimes. The reader is guided through controversies with an accessible, yet sophisticated, approach. The four authors have rich experience as lawyers in this field, as teachers of the subject, and as negotiators at the establishment of the International Criminal Court (ICC). The book covers new developments in the case law and the practice and is essential reading for students and teachers of international criminal law and international relations. It is supplemented by a package of online resources (www.cambridge.org/law/cryer), which offers convenient access to primary sources, excerpts for supplementary reading, problems and questions for reflection and discussion, and materials for exercises and simulations. Robert Cryer is Professor of International and Criminal Law at the University of Birmingham. Hn Friman is is an Associate Judge of Appeals in Sweden and Deputy Director of the Division of Criminal Law at the Swedish Ministry of Justice. He is Visiting Professor at University College London. Darryl Robinson is a professor at Queen's University, Faculty of Law, Kingston, Canada. Elizabeth Wilmshurst is a senior fellow in international law at Chatham House and Visiting Professor at University College London"--Provided by publisher.
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 32, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda November - December 2008
Reports of international arbitral awards
Diplomatic and judicial means of dispute settlement
Essays on the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court : volume II
Taking a case to the European Court of Human Rights
Research handbook on international criminal law
International criminal court : compilation of United Nations documents and draft ICC statute before the diplomatic conference
General international law before human rights courts assessing the speciality claims of human rights law
International law. Vol. 3, Fundamentals of international law II
Regime interaction in international law : facing fragmentation
Criteria for establishing an international armed conflict in Bosnia and Herzegovina : an analysis of the Tadic judgment in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia
Finding justice at the European Court of Human Rights : the dynamics of strategic litigation and human rights defense in the Russian Federation
European Community law
Victims of international crimes : an interdisciplinary discourse
"By offering both a comprehensive update and new material reflecting the continuing development of the subject, this continues to be the leading textbook on international criminal law. Its experienced author team draws on its combined expertise as teachers, scholars and practitioners to offer an authoritative survey of the field. The third edition contains new material on the theory of international criminal law, the practice of international criminal tribunals, the developing case law on principles of liability and procedures and new practice on immunities. It offers valuable supporting online materials such as case studies, worked examples and study guides. Retaining its comprehensive coverage, clarity and critical analysis, it remains essential reading for all in the field"--Provided by publisher.
Ethiopia and Liberia versus South Africa : an official account of the contentious proceedings on South West Africa before the International Court of Justice at the Hague 1960-1966
Rwanda's Gacaca courts : between retribution and reparation
Legal issues arising out of Corfu Channel case of 1949
Essays on the Rome Statute of the international criminal court : volume I
Unimaginable atrocities : justice, politics, and rights at the war crimes tribunals
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 38, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2009
Global responsibility for human rights : world poverty and the development of international law
The decisions of the Iran-United States claims tribunal in expulsion cases: a critique
International criminal law. Vol. 3, International enforcement
The politics of international criminal justice : German perspectives from Nuremberg to The Hague
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 35, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2007-2008
Commentary on the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court : observers' notes, article by article
The legacy of the international criminal tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia
The principle of equality of arms in international criminal proceedings
Reports of cases before the Court of Justice and the Court of First Instance. Section I, Court of Justice
International law in theory and practice
Digest of case-law relating to the European Communities. D Series, Judgments of the Court of Justice of the European Communities and selected decisions of courts of Member States on the Convention of 27 September 1968 on Jurisdiction and the Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters
Reports of cases before the Court of Justice and the Court of First Instance. Section II, Court of First Instance
Enforcing international humanitarian norms - will the criminal tribunal for the former Yugoslavia stand a chance of succeeding?
The European courts
The Permanent Court of International Justice 1920-1942 : a treatise
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Volume 1, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 1993-1998
International criminal law. Volume 3, Enforcement
Justice in international law : selected writings
The Hague : legal capital of the world
Mirages of international justice : the elusive pursuit of a transnational legal order
The making of international criminal justice : a view from the bench : selected speeches
General principles of law in the decisions of international criminal courts and tribunals
International criminal tribunals and victims of crime : a study of the status of victims before international criminal tribunals and of factors affecting this status
The rise and fall of war crimes trials : from Charles I to Bush II
International crimes, peace, and human rights : the role of the International Criminal Court
Past injustice in world politics : prospects of Truth-comission-like global institutions
La Cour internationale de Justice = International Court of Justice
Civil society, international courts, and compliance bodies
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 5, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2000-2001
The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court: a commentary : materials : text of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, rules of procedure and evidence , elements of crimes
Provisional measures in international law : the International Court of Justice and the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea : Shabtai Rosenne
An introduction to international criminal law and procedure
Coping with international atrocities through criminal law : a study into the typical features of international criminality and the reflection of these traits in international criminal law
The International Criminal Court : elements of crimes and rules of procedure and evidence
The International Criminal Court and the crime of Aggression
Iran-United States claims tribunal reports. Vol. 38
An introduction to the International Criminal Court
The persecution of persons with disability and the duty of reasonable accommodation in the European Union’s Refugee Law
Principles of public international law
The criminal responsibility of individuals for violations of international humanitarian law
A history of state responsibility : the struggle for international standards
Interaction of arbitration and courts
The 'Yugoslav' crisis in international law. Part 1, General issues
The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court: a commentary. Vol. 1
International Criminal law : a critical introduction
Report from an old locker room of international law
International criminal law and human rights
A study of the 'International Criminal Justice System' : what everybody knows
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 29, The international Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2006
The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court : a commentary : materials : text of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, rules of procedure and evidence , elements of crimes. Materials : text of the Rome statute of the International Criminal Court, rules of procedure and evidence, elements of crime
Judicial creativity : the role of international criminal courts in the formation of customary international law
International organizations before national courts
The changing nature of customary international law : methods of interpreting the concept of custom in international criminal tribunals
An introduction to the law of international criminal tribunals : a comparative study
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Volume 3, The International Criminal Tribunal for the the former Yugoslavia 1997-1999
Contemporary challenges for the International Criminal Court
The margin of appreciation and the European Court of Human Rights : case law relating to the Latvian nationality problem
Meeting of the Preparatory Committee on the establishment of an International Criminal Court
The UN international criminal tribunals : transition without justice?
Establishment of the International Criminal Court : seminar held in Helsinki, 23 February 2000.
Archbold, international criminal courts : practice, procedure and evidence
Normative binding : the European Union, the United States, and the global battle on the Institution of the International Criminal Court
Establishment of the International Criminal Court : seminar held in Helsinki, 23 February, 2000.
The International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea
Substantive and procedural aspects of international criminal law : the experience of international and national courts. Volume 2, Documents and cases
International criminal law
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Volume XLIX, The Special tribunal for Lebanon 2009-2013
Interim measures in international commercial Arbitration under the amended UNCITRAL Model Law
On strategizing justiciability in international law
Substantive and procedural aspects of international criminal law : the experience of international and national courts. Volume 1, Commentary
Deference in international courts and tribunals : standard of review and margin of appreciation
United Nations Diplomatic Conference of Plenipotentiaries on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court, Rome, 15 June-17 July 1998 : official records
Digest of case-law relating to the European Communities. A series, Judgments of the Court of Justice of the European Communities excluding cases connected with the European civil service and cases on the Convention of the 27 September 1968 on Jurisdiction and the Enforcements of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters
From final judgment to final resolution : effectiveness of the execution of judgments of the European Court of human rights in Finland
The European Court of Human Rights and its discontents : turning criticism into strength
Institutionalised international law
Wyatt and Dashwood's European Union law
Three dangers for the international criminal court: a critical look at a consensual project
