http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4544 microhistory
microhistory
The voices of Morebath : reformation and rebellion in an English village
Secret origins of modern microeconomics : Dupuit and the engineers
Encyclopedia of computers and computer history
History of botany : two papers presented at a symposium held at the William Andrews Clark Memorial Library, December 7, 1963. [1-2], Herbals, their history and significance
Foster sons and cotton girls : nine tales from Tampere
Public history and heritage today : people and their pasts
The Finnish civil war, politics, and microhistory
I did it to save my life : love and survival in Sierra Leone
A chronology of microbiology in historical context
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Soviet communal living : an oral history of the Kommunalka
Threads and traces : true, false, fictive
The microfoundations delusion : metaphor and dogma in the history of macroeconomics
The displaced bard / Lotte Tarkka
Micrographia or some physiological descriptions of minute bodies made by magnifying glasses with observations and inquiries thereupon
Hatching Twitter : a true story of money, power, friendship and betrayal
Boarding schools as means to educate children from remote districts in Finland  : a micro-historical study of the role of the student hall of residence in Sodankylä, 1943-1972
The lonely mother and shame : what do infanticides and illegitimate mothers tell about community?
Economics : a tool for critically understanding society
People and their pasts : public history today
The murder of Mr. Grebell : madness and civility in an English town
Computers : an illustrated history
Small worlds : method, meaning, and narrative in microhistory
Modernist cuisine : the art and science of cooking. Volume 2, Techniques and Equipment
Generating Socialism = Recollections of Life in the Labour Party
Pioneer microbiologists of America
Soap, science and flat-screen TVs : a history of liquid crystals
Names, signs, and messages : identifying foundlings in late 19th century Naples
Nearby history : exploring the past around you
The changes that followed the fall of the Berlin Wall in November 1989 were particularly dramatic for East Germans. With the German Democratic Republic effectively taken over by West Germany in the reunification process, nothing in their lives was immune from change and upheaval: from the way they voted, the newspapers they read, to the brand of butter they bought. But what was it really like to go from living under communism one minute, to capitalism the next? What did the East Germans make of capitalism? And how do they remember the GDR today? Are their memories dominated by fear and loathin.
Aśipâ again : a microhistory of an Assyrian provincial administrator
Writing peasants : studies on peasant literacy in early modern northern Europe
Modernist cuisine : the art and science of cooking. Volume 4, Ingredients and Preparations
Everyday life in print
Microhistories of the Holocaust
Historical knowledge : in quest of theory, method and evidence
African American voices : a documentary reader, 1619-1877
Doing history : investigating with children in elementary and middle schools
Domestic dexterity and cultural policy : the idea of cottage industry and historical experience in Finland from the great famine to the reconstruction period
Mind control, world control
New perspectives on historical writing
"Carlo Ginzburg's brilliant and timely new essay collection takes a bold stand against naive positivism and allegedly sophisticated neo-skepticism. It looks deeply into questions raised by decades of post-structuralism: What constitutes historical truth? How do we draw a boundary between truth and fiction? What is the relationship between history and memory? How do we grapple with the historical conventions that inform, in different ways, all written documents? In his answers, Ginzburg peels away layers of subsequent readings and interpretations that envelop every text to make a larger argument about history and fiction. Interwoven with compelling autobiographical references, Threads and Traces bears moving witness to Ginzburg's life as a European Jew, the abiding strength of his scholarship, and his deep engagement with the historian's craft"--
Of microhistory, mentalities, and other "unnecessary" labels : an interview with Carlo Ginzburg
The challenge of oral history : the need to rethink source criticism
Germ theory : medical pioneers in infectious diseases
The hanged man : a story of miracle, memory, and colonialism in the Middle Ages
The chemistry and biology of winemaking
The natural history book : the ultimate visual guide to everything on Earth
Gadgets and necessities : an encyclopedia of household innovations
It takes two to tango - but only one to micro?
Global lives : Britain and the world, 1550-1800
Nothing to envy : ordinary lives in North Korea
A school board dominated by landowners and an elementary school teacher in conflict after the Civil War in Finland
Carlo Ginzburg and the new microhistory
Europe : early modern and modern
This book opens up a window on the life of a female labourer who lived and worked in a small ironworks village in central Finland. Her life touches upon many of the core aspects of 20th-century social change in Finland: increasing educational opportunities, social mobility, the emergence of new technologies and the transformation of gender roles. The research focuses on experiences related to gender, class and work, and on the changes occurring in these aspects of life. The research material consists of life-narrative interviews charting a process during which the author of this study engaged in an intergenerational dialogue with an elderly woman born in 1927 who is also her grandmother. The research stands at the crossroads of ethnology, folklore studies as well as social, micro and oral history.
On food and cooking : the science and lore of the kitchen
Alternative narratives in modern Japanese history
Medieval Christianity in practice
Clues, margins, and monads : the micro-macro link in historical research
"This book studies everyday writing practices among ordinary people in a poor rural society in the 19th and early 20th centuries. Using the abundance of handwritten material produced, disseminated and consumed some centuries after the advent of print as its research material, the book's focus is on its day-to-day usage and on 'minor knowledge,' i.e., text matter originating and rooted primarily in the everyday life of the peasantry"--Provided by publisher.
Clues, margins and monads : rethinking the idea of microhistory
History of modern science and mathematics. 3, Earth science & geology, ecology, electromagnetism, genetics & molecular biology, geometry, mechanics & thermodynamics, meteorology, microbiology
Microhistory and the lost peoples of Europe
Louis Pasteur : free lance of science
Computer : a history of the information machine
Born in the GDR : life in the shadow of the wall
Virulence mechanisms of bacterial pathogens
Microfoundations reconsidered : the relationship of micro and macroeconomics in historical perspective
The conquest of the microchip
Redefining the legal and canonical role of the old believers marriage in 19th century Russia : a history of one case
The life of an unknown : the rediscovered world of a clog maker in nineteenth-century France
Nothing to envy : real lives in North Korea
Modernist cuisine : the art and science of cooking. Volume 6, Kitchen Manual
"This book is a translation of historian Carlo Ginzburg's latest collection of essays. Through the detective work of uncovering a wide variety of stories or microhistories from fragments, Ginzburg takes on the bigger questions: How do we draw the line between truth and fiction? What is the relationship between history and memory? Stories range from medieval Europe, the inquisitional trial of a witch, seventeenth-century antiquarianism, and twentieth-century historians."--
Biology of microorganisms
Progress or perish : Northern perspectives on social change
Modernist cuisine : the art and science of cooking. Volume 3, Animals and Plants
Leningrad : the epic siege of World War II, 1941-1944
Revisiting microhistory from perspective of comparisons
Local community, nation and political conflicts in Finland 1917-1939 : a case-study of collective identity and local political knowledge
Sediment bacterial communities in nutrient cycling and in the history of the Baltic Sea
Minor knowledge and microhistory : manuscript culture in the nineteenth century
Inside Napoleonic France : state and society in Rouen, 1800-1815
Economics : an introduction to traditional and progressive views
The pasteurization of France
The innovators : how a group of hackers, geniuses, and geeks created the digital revolution
Voice from the north : resurrecting regional identity through the life and work of Yi Sihang (1672-1736)
What is microhistory? : theory and practice
The invisible world : early modern philosophy and the invention of the microscope
The French historical revolution : the Annales school, 1929-89
Between sociology and history : essays on microhistory, collective action, and nation-building
Building "Ilmarinen's Finland" : computer construction as a national project in the 1950s
Commodore : a company on the edge
One king, one law, three faiths : religion and the rise of absolutism in seventeenth-century Metz
Little book of microcars
Remembering Karelia : a family's story of displacement during and after the Finnish wars
What disease was plague? : on the controversy over the microbiological identity of plague epidemics of the past
The microprocessor : a biography
Paper memory : a sixteenth-century townsman writes his world
A memoir of the atomic bombing
Women on the margins : three seventeenth-century lives
The photograph as source of microhistory : reaching out for the invisible
"What is Microhistory provides the first accessible and comprehensive introduction to the origins, development, methodology and position of Microhistory".
Her own worth : negotiations of subjectivity in the life narrative of a female labourer
Windows on a new world : the third industrial revolution
In the middle of nowhere?” This book looks beyond this kind of wornout slogan used in Finland and deconstructs dichotomous assumptions which view the North as an opposite to the South. From the viewpoint of Nordic Lapland or the Arctic region as a whole, most feminist research has overlooked the cultural, social and ethnic differences in the North. Nordic societies have been viewed mainly in relation to the countries and cultures of the South or East; rarely have they concentrated on the differences and marginality of the North. What is gendered life like in Northern societies? What are the conditions for women’s agency? What does the principle of located knowledge and criticism of hegemonic scientific discourse mean in the North? In what direction do travelling theories travel? The main purpose of this book is to discuss the politics of place in the context of feminist research from the perspective of marginal Northern societies and cultures. Geographically and politically, the idea of “North” is wide; in this book, many of the research topics deal with Finnish Lapland but extend beyond its official geographical boundaries. The authors open up viewpoints on lived gender and everyday life in the northernmost societies, analysing the agency of women in different Nordic contexts described both by works of art and experiential narratives.
Literacy Skills as Local Intangible Capital : The History of a Rural Lending Library c. 1860–1920
Technology, everyday working life and employer policy  : Verla groundwood and board mill community from the 1880s till the 1960.
An ordinary marriage : the world of a gentry family in provincial Russia
Archaeology as science fiction : a microarchaeology of the unknown
The limits of patriarchy : how female networks of pilfering and gossip sparked the first debates on rural gender rights in the 19th-century Finnish-language press
