http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4558 import
import
Mastering import & export management
Import process from Asia : Case: Afrodite Oy
Consolidation for air transportation from China to Finland : case: Oy High Peak Finland Ltd
In this article, the quality of Russian import statistics is assessed by comparing them to corresponding export data from partner countries. While discrepancies between Russian import data and partner country export data have visibly diminished over the past decade, the quality of Russian import statistics is still slightly poorer than those produced by its peers. Discrepancies are more pronounced at the disaggregate level, and both magnitude and sign vary by partner country and product group. Some discrepancies can be explained by misclassification, while some apparently reflect deliberate misreporting.   Keywords: International trade statistics, mirror statistics, Russia .
Finland is a small open economy, where fluctuations in exports and imports have shaped the big picture of developments in the economy. A historical review of these developments suggests that the current situation provides no such conditions for rapid export growth supporting the economy as those seen in the earlier growth phases of economic history. Despite facing difficulties, the forest industry is still one of the pillars of Finnish exports alongside the machinery and metal industry..
"Buy national programs" and their significance to exporters with an overview of the Buy American Act
International trade comparison : EU - USA and the effect on case company's trade
Sawnwood trade flows in Europe with emphasis on central and eastern Europe
Measuring import competition : the application of bi- and multilateral index numbers
The principal motive behind writing this Bachelor’s thesis is to uncover the importing procedures of garments and related items from an Asian country (Bangladesh) to a European country (Finland). Finnish market situation is also observed in order to understand the demand of Bangladesh ready-made garments. In theoretical framework, materials for instances books, articles published in Internet and already written thesis have been used. Supervisor’s guidance in preparing this thesis has been an inevitable part. The market is cut throat competition and factors that are responsible in dragging the business down and promoting need be precisely comprehended. A part from competition issues, business venture needs to analyze the legal procedures, tax issues, corporate social responsibility and last but not the least customer satisfaction. The very basic concept of writing this thesis is to basically focus on issues on import procedure, customs duties, how a noncommunity products becomes a community products and gets free movement status, how shipment is done and who is responsible, the most risk free payment against goods, what can be legal treatment in case contract is breached. Theoretical framework is reinforced by empirical art of work and findings will be submitted to the stakeholders and general public those who are interested in international business. All business activities a company does is to satisfy the customer’s demand by adding higher value in the products thru different ways, bringing them in proper market and selling them in time. Most importantly, the customer’s trend is changing day by day and this trend may bring company’s success and failure. 21st century is the customers’ era as well as the hightech era. Business institutions want products, as early as possible in a named place so there is need of third party like Nefin Trading, that provides goods wherever and whenever it is felt necessary. Such company guarantees the quality of product and reasonable price. Furthermore, Nefin Trading is committed to complying with applicable law. As part of CSR, Nefin Trading is also determined to what it can do to keep the environment intact.
Doing business in Denmark
Vertical price transmission in the Finnish import fruit markets
Importing Neoglory Jewelry to Finland
Importing into the United States
Importation of films for cinema and television in Egypt
Suomen ulkomaankauppa. Osa 1 = Foreign trade of Finland. Volume = Utrikeshandel för Finland. Del 1
Principles of international trade (import - export) : the first step toward globalization
Market research in the Finnish food industry
Does "country-of-origin" matter? : some findings from a cross-cultural study of consumer views about foreign products
SME operate chocolate export activity into Chinese market : case Fazer chocolate
Tiivistelmä: Handbook of South East Asia import transportation for a successful buyer.
Supplier Selection Process: Far East Case Study for MML-Imports Ltd.
Production, prices, employment, and trade in northwest forest industries : fourth quarter 1997
Parallel import of medicinal products
The purpose of this thesis is to learn how to develop the import business of Thai  vegetables and fruits. The business idea came to the author's mind last summer after  visiting Thailand. She became interested and wanted to turn her idea into a reality.  Business plan writing is a useful step to realize whether her business idea is feasible.  It helps her think carefully in every aspect of the import business. Therefore, the  main objective of this thesis is to create a business plan.  The report is divided into two main parts: theoretical and empirical. The theoretical  part presents information about business plan that the author collected from  secondary sources, mainly books from school's library, e-books and articles on  Internet. This part of report explains about business plan, what it means, how many  types there are, what kind of key elements it has and what mistakes people make  when writing it.  In the empirical part, the qualitative semi-structure interview with Thai grocery  storeowners was conducted to gather primary information for developing the  business plan. The aim of the interview was to identify the competitors and  competitive advantages of this business as well as the suitable marketing tools. The business plan for importing Thai vegetables and fruits consists of 9 key elements,  which are executive summary, business description, products and services, market  analysis, marketing plan, operation plan, management team, financial plan and  critical risk factors.  The result from the research showed that the business idea for importing Thai  vegetables and fruits to Finland is realistic and could make profits for the owner.  However, starting up this business would not be easy. Before it could happen, the  author would need to study more about the import procedure and find out about  requirements in customs clearance. For example, there are a lot of customs product  codes and international trade documents that needs to be learnt. Furthermore,  sufficient amount of orders is required for the first import in order to have liquidity in  this business. This could be quite challenging for the author.
Producer price indices
Impacts of changes in forest and economic policy and business preconditions in Russia and Finland
Biological invasions in New Zealand
Loader / Client : the changing environment of customer goods import. Part 1
Handbook of South East Asia import transportation for a successful buyer
Doing business in United Kingdom
Import/export :  : how to get started in international trade
Abstract 3 1 Introduction 4 2 Chinese trade in parts and components 5 3 Indian and South Asian trade in parts and components 7 4 Conclusion 9 Reference 10  .
Doing business in Spain
AIPH : Jahrbuch der internationalen Gartenbaustatistik = Annuaire de la statistique internationale de l'horticulture = Yearbook of the international horticultural statistics : 1984 : Nicht der Ernährung dienende Gartenbauererzeugnisse = Produits horticoles non comestibles = Non-edible horticultural products
This paper examines the vertical price transmission of banana and orange prices in Finland using import and consumer price series from years 1998-2009. Considering the stationary behaviour of the price series, the dynamic relationship between import and consumer price is investigated by Autoregressive Distributed Lag (ADL) models and Error Correction Models (ECM). The results show that the vertical price transmission is symmetric both with banana and orange. However, the analysis concentrates on the speed of adjustment towards the equilibrium of prices. Due to linearity of the model it does not take into account the magnitude of the price change.
Energy in Finland 2002
Report of the Fourth Interim Commission on Phytosanitary Measures : Rome, 11-15 March 2002.
Improvement of import clearance process : case: Microsoft Mobile Oy
Price dynamics in the US market for apparel imports : impact of quota elimination under the agreement on textiles and clothing and safeguard restrictions on the People's Republic of China
Import of fruits from Spain to Finland
Russia's economy and imports to contract further
Doing business in Japan
AIPH : Jahrbuch der internationalen Gartenbaustatistik = Annuaire de la statistique internationale de l'horticulture = Yearbook of the international horticultural statistics : 1988 : Nicht der Ernährung dienende Gartenbauererzeugnisse = Produits horticoles non comestibles = Non-edible horticultural products
International commercial arbitration : a handbook
The Rusian non-fuel sector : signs of Dutch disease? : evidence  from EU-25 import competition
Analyzing material flows of the Ports of Kokkola and Pietarsaari
Foreign trade statistics of Africa. Ser. A, Direction of trade
A tool for organizations to quickly assess growth potential in foreign markets : Internationalization and the HS code
Food import and export inspection and certification systems : combined texts
Abstract The purpose of this thesis was to study the International Trade comparison between USA and EU. The research concentrated on a small case company's possibilities to internationalize their business. The objectives of this study were to find an export company from USA and to establish an import contract. In this research the purpose was as well to study the possibilities to import the goods successfully to EU and Finland. In addition the study researched the factors affecting the import actions; customs, Evira (Finnish Food Safety Authority) and the logistics. The need for this study was originated from the case company's awareness of the growing markets and the desire to operate internationally and in larger domestic markets. The conceptual framework of this study was built around the international trade in a manner that it responds the case company's possible actions when it starts their trade with the USA. The first part of the conceptual framework presents the plan how to start the import, the later part of the framework describes the actual steps of the import that the case company needs to take in order to import the goods successfully to Finland. The research methods that were used in the study were qualitative and observational. The research methods were chosen to receive as in-depth information from those persons who were in the position that gave the right solution and guides to the case company. In the study were used qualitative interviews and the respondents were possible customers, transportation company's employees and officials. The summaries and analyses were made on the basis of the interview guides. The results of the research were a comprehensive handbook and guidelines to the case company. With the handbook and guidelines the case company is able to start their import from USA. The handbook provides the needed information from authorities affecting the import actions; in addition the handbook provides the needed forms that enable the successful import..
Abstract: Import channels and distribution of industrial foodstuffs in Finland.
PK Tradesman Tmi  Developing marketing in a multicultural environment
The role of import intermediary companies in the Russian imports from the EU : a case study of a Russian industrial company's point of view on import intermediaries
Import/export kit for dummies
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1998, 4 : Weapons of war : the challenge of disarmament
Business plan for importing thai vegetables and fruits
Determinants of Estonian export of goods : an econometric analysis and comparison with Latvia and Lithuania
Export process to the United States of America
Business idea into reality : case : start-up company of gala dresses
European car markets : the best import possibilities
Analytiske tabeller vedrørende udenrigshandel : NIMEXE. Import = Analytische Übersichten des Aussenhandels : NIMEXE. Import = Analytical tables of foreign trade : NIMEXE. Import = Tableaux analytiques du commerce extérieur : NIMEXE. Import
Low cost sourcing from India & China
Case Study Oy SWS-tuote/Possibilities to import sublimation paints from Germany
Market entry possibility to the Finnish optical eyewear market : case: Jill Miro, S.L. (Spain)
The process of importing acupressure wristbands from Canada to Finland
AIPH : Jahrbuch der internationalen Gartenbaustatistik = Annuaire de la statistique internationale de l'horticulture = Yearbook of the international horticultural statistics : 1986 : Nicht der Ernährung dienende Gartenbauererzeugnisse = Produits horticoles non comestibles = Non-edible horticultural products
Setting up an import business : focus on importing from China
Automotive Import Taxation : Trade from Germany to Finland
Pest risk assessment of the importation into the United States of unprocessed logs and chips of eighteen eucalypt species from Australia
The effect of the Finnish economic situation on the the import strategies of Vege-Motoren B.V
The aim of this thesis was to improve and ease the customs clearance process for corporate X's channel specialists. The main objective was to increase the number of direct clearances without increasing the number of amendments and complaints. All corporate X's shipments are declared by a forwarding agency. In this case direct clearances means that the customs declaration has been handled by a forwarding agent who has no need to ask customs clearance instructions from the corporate X's channel specialists. The practical part of this thesis includes complementary sheets for the forwarding guide which was made by Minna Raussi on her thesis in 2014. One of those sheets consists information a forwarding agency can use when clearing one of corporate X's vendor's shipments through customs. Another sheet includes material descriptions and codes which were collected from several commercial invoices to ease the definition of CN-codes in the shipments. In addition, a reporting tool was updated to meet the requirements for a weekly follow-up better. The theoretical part includes import activities and aspects that must be considered when declaring goods from the third countries. The stages of this thesis were preparation, monitoring and analyzing. The complementary sheets were made as preparation in August and the monitoring period lasted for four months from the beginning of September till the end of December. Analyzing was made during and after the monitoring period. The results and improvements were evaluated together with the channel specialists. There were undeniable facts that improvements made in August increased the number of direct clearances on the monitoring period.
Marketing imported cars in Finland : a comparative study of five marketing organisations
Vietnam : the import side of story
Challenges of the export process : Case Olvi Plc.
Importing classic cars : business plan, execution and previous outcomes
Economic and social survey of Asia and the Pacific : 2006 : energizing the global economy
Market entry strategy for Chinese suppliers in the Russian consumer goods market
Quarantine pests for Europe : data sheets on quarantine pests for the European Union and for the European and Mediterranean Plant Protection Organization
Import process of ready-made garments from Bangladesh to Finland
Import-Export Business Plan
Private standards in the United States and European Union markets for fruit and vegetables : implications for developing countries
Executive summary.
Starting an import company in Finland : theory and process
Latvian Export&Import Directory 2003.
The Prentice Hall encyclopedia of model business plans
IMPORTATION OF ORIENTAL FOOD TO FINLAND : Cases: Swan Import and Tigris oriental Market
Community imports of food and other agricultural products
Russian authorities give two official figures for imports of goods to Russia.Russian Customs registers values stated in customs declarations, while the Central Bank of Russia adds in its estimate of grey imports to obtain an overall import figure.Using mirror statistics of Russia's main trading partners, we suggest that grey imports are in fact higher than the CBR estimate.Hence, official statements of trade and current account surpluses should be reduced to better reflect Russia's actual external balance.This would also imply less capital outflow from Russia than suggested by current estimates.  Keywords: Russia, foreign trade, imports, grey schemes, external balance .
The purpose of this thesis was to increase the efficiency of Nokia's logistic specialists. The main objectives were to increase the number of direct clearances and to decrease the amount of amendments and complaints. Direct clearances means that the whole customs declaration has been handled without the consignee's participation. In Nokia's case this means that a forwarding agency handles the whole customs clearance. The practical part of this thesis includes a forwarding guide and the theoretical part describes import activities in general and more detailed information that is introduced in the guide. The information for this thesis has been gathered by observing and interviewing relevant employees at Nokia and DHL. The stages of this thesis were preparation, monitoring and analyzing the gathered information. Preparation included the making of the guide. The monitoring period lasted for five months and after that the development had to be analyzed. The guide is a separate Excel worksheet but the thesis includes some pictures and other information taken from the guide. The theoretical part creates a frame for the guide and opens up the terms used in the guide. The last part of the thesis concentrates on results and conclusions, including some future plans. The results for this thesis were notable. All the goals were reached and all the parties were satisfied with the results.
Effect of tariffs on imports to Finland
The sugar markets and the everything but arms (EBA) of the European Union
China's legal system on foreign trade
Importing textiles from Vietnam
This study introduces the important factors of market research and its significancewhen aiming at new foreign markets. Understanding the cultural differences, the consumers and the market itself with the competitors' actions among other factors, the organization has a better chance to succeed in entering new markets. The case company is a Belgian food industry company which is interested in the Finnish market environment with its consumers and competitors. Currently they are operating in Central European countries with a little market share. An interview was  conducted in order to better understand their current situation and expectations on new markets. The company's products are sold in specialty stores and in bigger hypermarkets due to their higher image which they would like to obtain in Finland. As a small country Finland can not offer big markets but this is no obstacle for the case company since they are not looking to challenge the market leader or even the followers. Instead they are looking for a small market share as in other countries that  they already operate in. By using selective distribution focused on the biggest city areas the product availability is guaranteed to the majority of the Finnish population. The thesis emphasizes the different business chains - the different types of stores and their product variety as well as competitors and their product pricing. Among this, the importance of product visibility will be shown as the case company wishes to enter the markets with as little marketing as possible. Regulations on labelling are studied as well as there are little differences from organizations' home markets. The study also introduces a Finnish importing company that could possibly cooperate with the customer when aiming at the Finnish markets.
Review of fisheries in OECD countries : country statistics 2002-2004
Food and agriculture in Papua New Guinea
Entry and exit in Swedish industrial sectors
Exporters' checklist : a step-by-step guide to successful exporting
Export/import letters of credit and payment methods : a guide for payments in international trade
Review on Russian roundwood imports into Northern Europe 1993-2008
AIPH : Jahrbuch der internationalen Gartenbaustatistik = Annuaire de la statistique internationale de l'horticulture = Yearbook of the international horticultural statistics : 1985 : Nicht der Ernährung dienende Gartenbauererzeugnisse = Produits horticoles non comestibles = Non-edible horticultural products
The Global Marketing Imperative = Positioning your company for the new world of business
European Community law and international economic relations : the saga of thai manioc
Food import and export inspection and certification systems
In the wake of a second export price shock late last year, the Bank of Finland now expects Russian GDP to contract 3% in 2016. Our new forecast assumes the price of oil averages slightly over $40 a barrel this year, about 60% below the 2014 average. With the economy shrinking and depressed export earnings, Russian imports should fall another 10% this year..
AIPH : Jahrbuch der internationalen Gartenbaustatistik = Annuaire de la statistique internationale de l'horticulture = Yearbook of the international horticultural statistics : 1983 : Nicht der Ernährung dienende Gartenbauererzeugnisse = Produits horticoles non comestibles = Non-edible horticultural products
Russian import statistics in the mirror of world exports
Trade of main wild berries in Finland
Outsourcing of swap mobile phones production at Nokia / Nokia swap-matkapuhelimien tuotannon ulkoistaminen
Oriental textiles in Sweden
Directory of import regimes. Part 1, Monitoring import regimes
Directory of import regimes. Part 2, Descriptions of import regimes : section A:  OECD
Opening markets for logistics : proceeding of Annual Conference for Nordic Researchers in Logistics, Nofoma '98, 10th
Global business today
Exporter's guide to the Finnish market : information manual for the exporters of developing countries
International trade and economic relations in a nutshell
AIPH : Jahrbuch der internationalen Gartenbaustatistik = Annuaire de la statistique internationale de l'horticulture = Yearbook of the international horticultural statistics : 1981 : Nicht der Ernährung dienende Gartenbauererzeugnisse = Produits horticoles non comestibles = Non-edible horticultural products
Role of Supplier Selection in the Import Process - Case Muay Thai
Market research - Tyre recycling in Finland and Germany : Case: Humuspehtoori Ltd.
Importation of herbal health products from Nigeria to Finnish market
Industrialisation in Malaysia : import substitution and infant industry performance
Guide to industrial project imports. Part 1, Transfer of technology
Critique and improvement of the bilateral index number technique to measure product and country substitution in imports
Importing Mexican silver jewellery into the Finnish market
Exporting Finland
Importing of business gifts from the Guangzhou area (People's Republic of China) : is it worth it?
Guide to industrial project imports. Part 2, Project planning and administration
Understanding the freight business : a quick-reference manual for all those engaged in the operational aspects of forwarding cargo from producer to consumer
Elements of import practice
Importing Motorbikes from Estonia to Finland : case: Oliver Kuisma Motorbikes FIE
International trade in goods and services
China : from the import perspective of Finnish small size enterprises
An American's guide to doing business in China : negotiating contracts and agreements, understanding culture and customs, marketing products and services
Importing home decorating accessories from India to Finland
Marketing communications manual for importers of Katepal
International trade comparison  : EU - USA and the effect on case company’s trade
A brief history of Finnish foreign trade
Abstract: The food business and therefore, also fish industry includes some special features, which can cause certain problems. Nature of fish industry is hectic as the products are easily perishable. The case company, to which this thesis was conducted, is currently importing fish from several countries inside and outside of the European Union.  The purpose of this thesis was to conduct separate instructions for the case company's suppliers about delivering to the case company. Actions on behalf of the suppliers for having successful import process in hectic environment were wanted to be ensured. The case company is continuously expanding. Current problems, which were seen as cognizable might result in the future in bigger problems when the amounts of fish imported and the amount of suppliers increases considerably.  The theory part of this thesis consisted of the topics related to procurement and importing. The features of importing perishable products were taken into account. In the research part the case company's current procedures and the current actions of suppliers towards flawless import process were researched. Additionally, problem areas in current procedures and proposed solutions were examined. This case study research concerned the procurement and imports of fresh and frozen fish. After the theme interviews were made for certain personnel from the case company, summary of the import process in form in which it should be executed, was presented. The desirable import process for the case company was presented in the conducted summary of import process after improvement proposals. The final outcome of this thesis, instructions for suppliers, ensures the desirable import process to be achieved.  The results of this thesis are to be used in the future at the case company. The case company gained crucial information from the conducted research and improvement proposals. The supplier instructions, which ensures the import process to be as suggested, are to be sent to every current and new supplier in order to secure the flawless import process in the future.
Export and import of sporting goods
AIPH : Jahrbuch der internationalen Gartenbaustatistik = Annuaire de la statistique internationale de l'horticulture = Yearbook of the international horticultural statistics : 1990 : Nicht der Ernährung dienende Gartenbauererzeugnisse = Produits horticoles non comestibles = Non-edible horticultural products
The relative inefficiency of quotas
Challenges in roundwood trade between Finland and Russia : a cultural approach
European Union Harmonized Excise Taxation : Occasional Importation Process
How to import wine : an insider's guide
Voluntary standards and certification for environmentally and socially responsible agricultural production and trade
Forwarding guide for Nokia Finland
The Russian economy is evidently largely based on the energy sector.This has raised concern in academic circles as to whether Russia is to some degree affected by the Dutch disease, i.e. whether a sharp rise of commodity prices results in an appreciation of the real exchange rate, which undermines the competitiveness of manufacturing and may lead to the deindustrialization of the economy.We focus on this possible final outcome, which has not been studied much in the literature so far: We compare Russian industrial import growth - based on EU-25 volume export figures to Russia - with domestic industrial production growth, disaggregated by branches, in the period from 2002 to 2006.In all manufacturing sectors except electrical, electronic and optical equipment and strongly protected foodstuffs, imports are found to be expanding faster than domestic output.In some sectors, imports have even exceeded domestic production.Import competition is therefore strong and rising.We conclude that Russia may be facing incipient deindustrialization at least in some parts of the manufacturing sector.This could indicate that the Russian economy has contracted the Dutch disease, although it should be noted that other factors could also have driven sectoral changes.While it is beyond the scope of our study to examine whether the other chain links of the Dutch disease hold as well, it does provide evidence of some movements in the direction of deindustrialization, which is in line with the Dutch disease theory. Keywords: Dutch disease, Russia, EU25, import competition, deindustrialization, foreign trade .
International trade and production networks  : Comparisons of China and greater China versus India and South Asia
Abstract (1 s.).
Fluctuations in the United Kingdom imports of sawn softwood and their causes in 1921-1950
A STUDY OF THE PROFITABILITY OF A CAR IMPORT TO FINLAND
Import process from Asia : case Afrodite Oy
Cost Savings on Container Import Process
Trading with America
Import substitution, trade and development
Import marketing : a management guide to profitable operations
Importing fish to Finland : instructions for fish suppliers
Abstract. The purpose of this thesis was to examine the possibilities of establishing an import company which imports goods from China to Finland. The main goal was to create an overall picture of how to find a suitable product for importing and how to organize the business operations in practice. The study concentrated on product sourcing, sup-plier sourcing, import practices, and the business plan of the import company.    The research was conducted as a desk research, and it turned out to be a multi-method qualitative research. The chosen research method was deductive research, and the analytical procedure was explanation building. The background of the study, the research problem and the used methods were presented in the research. In addi-tion, a suitable product for importing was examined by studying the development of the product idea, product sourcing and product selection. One part of this study was to examine the ways of finding a suitable supplier from China and how to deal with the supplier. Practical matters of importing, such as different methods of transporting the goods, import clauses and forwarding services were examined as well. The re-search also included a business plan, where such topics as product, market, competi-tion and strategies were analyzed.    During the product sourcing, it was noticed that the small wind turbines could be a potential trend product of the future. There are dozens of wind turbine manufacturers in China, and they were ready to export their products to Finland. However, the fea-sibility of their products to the Finnish conditions remained somewhat ambiguous. Still, the prices of the Chinese manufactures were competitive and the products were suitable to the business idea. It was discovered that the price of the shipment was not an obstacle to competitiveness. The products of the competitors were noticed to be expensive, and pricing and focusing on a target group were chosen to be the competi-tive strengths of the new company in this study. The research came to the conclusion that there are opportunities for this business idea in Finland. In the thesis, the dis-cussed company was named the Firm. The most challenging thing for the Firm is to find a suitable supplier with high-quality products. However, by being cost effective, the Firm can obtain market share from the competitors.    This thesis offers valuable information for anyone who is considering of importing goods from China. The results of this thesis can be used when practicing product sourcing, finding suppliers from China, and preparing a business plan. The thesis also offers practical information about importing practices and expenses of importing.
Logistics Management for Import : A case to Kärkkäinen OY
