http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p455 proof theory
proof theory
Graph-based proof procedures for Horn clauses
Proof theory : history and philosophical significance
Numbers and proofs
Proof theory for distributed knowledge
Combinatorics and reasoning : representing, justifying and building isomorphisms
Why prove it again? : alternative proofs in mathematical practice
Truth and provability : a comment to Redhead
Elements of logical reasoning
Charming proofs : a journey into elegant mathematics
"We shall discuss the notion of proof and then present an introductory example of the analysis of the structure of proofs. The contents of the book are outlined in the third and last section of this chapter. 1.1 The idea of a proof A proof in logic and mathematics is, traditionally, a deductive argument from some given assumptions to a conclusion. Proofs are meant to present conclusive evidence in the sense that the truth of the conclusion should follow necessarily from the truth of the assumptions. Proofs must be, in principle, communicable in every detail, so that their correctness can be checked. Detailed proofs are a means of presentation that need not follow in anyway the steps in finding things out. Still, it would be useful if there was a natural way from the latter steps to a proof, and equally useful if proofs also suggested the way the truths behind them were discovered. The presentation of proofs as deductive arguments began in ancient Greek axiomatic geometry. It took Gottlob Frege in 1879 to realize that mere axioms and definitions are not enough, but that also the logical steps that combine axioms into a proof have to be made, and indeed can be made, explicit. To this purpose, Frege formulated logic itself as an axiomatic discipline, completed with just two rules of inference for combining logical axioms. Axiomatic logic of the Fregean sort was studied and developed by Bert-rand Russell, and later by David Hilbert and Paul Bernays and their students, in the first three decades of the twentieth century. Gradually logic came to be seen as a formal calculus instead of a system of reasoning: the language of logic was formalized and its rules of inference taken as part of an inductive definition of the class of formally provable formulas in the calculus"--
Theories of evidence : Bentham and Wigmore
Paradoxes in scientific inference
Proof systems for lattice theory
Natural deduction : a proof-theoretical study
Metamathematics, machines and Gödel's proof
How to prove it : a structured approach
Proofs and algorithms : an introduction to logic and computability
Proof analysis : a contribution to Hilbert's last problem
Reasoning
"Kurt Gödel (1906-1978) did groundbreaking work that transformed logic and other important aspects of our understanding of mathematics, especially his proof of the incompleteness of formalized arithmetic. This book on different aspects of his work and on subjects in which his ideas have contemporary resonance includes papers from a May 2006 symposium celebrating Gödel's centennial as well as papers from a 2004 symposium. Proof theory, set theory, philosophy of mathematics, and the editing of Gödel's writings are among the topics covered. Several chapters discuss his intellectual development and his relation to predecessors and contemporaries such as Hilbert, Carnap, and Herbrand. Others consider his views on justification in set theory in light of more recent work and contemporary echoes of his incompleteness theorems and the concept of constructible set"--Provided by publisher.
Handbook of philosophical logic. Vol. 1, Elements of classical logic
What if ...? : toward excellence in reasoning
Questions of evidence : proof, practise and persuasion across the disciplines
Group beliefs : studies on the nature and logic of collective doxastic attitudes
The age of alternative logics : assessing philosophy of logic and mathematics today
The book of evidence
The nuts and bolts of proofs : an introduction to mathematical proofs
How to read and do proofs : an introduction to mathematical thought processes
Proof theory of modal logic
Argumentation : analysis and practices
The logic of real arguments
"One hundred fifty years ago, Charles Darwin revolutionized biology, but did he refute intelligent design (ID)? In Signature in the Cell, Stephen Meyer argues that he did not. Signature in the Cell is the first book to make a comprehensive case for intelligent design based upon DNA. Meyer embarks on an odyssey of discovery as he investigates current evolutionary theories and the evidence that ultimately led him to affirm intelligent design."--BOOK JACKET.
Recent work in epistemic logic
Logic and reality : essays on the legacy of Arthur Prior
Proof, logic and formalization
Belief systems, inquiry and argumentation
The development of modern logic
Evidentialism and its discontents
Proof theory and logical complexity. Vol. 1
Truthlikeness for hypotheses expressed in terms of n quantitative variables
Descartes's Meditations : critical essays
Probability and scientific inference
"Some of our earliest experiences of the conclusive force of an argument come from school mathematics: faced with a mathematical proof, we cannot deny the conclusion once the premisses have been accepted. Behind such arguments lies a more general pattern of 'demonstrative arguments' that is studied in the science of logic. Logical reasoning is applied at all levels, from everyday life to advanced sciences, and a remarkable level of complexity is achieved in everyday logical reasoning, even if the principles behind it remain intuitive. Jan von Plato provides an accessible but rigorous introduction to an important aspect of contemporary logic: its deductive machinery. He shows that when the forms of logical reasoning are analysed, it turns out that a limited set of first principles can represent any logical argument. His book will be valuable for students of logic, mathematics, and computer science"--
The proof is in the pudding : the changing nature of mathematical proof
Theory and evidence
A possible and necessary consistency proof
Handbook of proof theory
Gentzen's original proof of the consistency of arithmetic revisited
A practical study of argument
Proof theory of classical and intuitionistic logic
Argumentation : across the lines of discipline : proceedings of the Conference on Argumentation 1986
Knowledge of God
Deduction system
The burdens of proof : discriminatory power, weight of evidence, and tenacity of belief
This monograph considers several well-known mathematical theorems and asks the question, “Why prove it again?” while examining alternative proofs. It explores the different rationales mathematicians may have for pursuing and presenting new proofs of previously established results, as well as how they judge whether two proofs of a given result are different. While a number of books have examined alternative proofs of individual theorems, this is the first that presents comparative case studies of other methods for a variety of different theorems. The author begins by laying out the criteria for distinguishing among proofs and enumerates reasons why new proofs have, for so long, played a prominent role in mathematical practice. He then outlines various purposes that alternative proofs may serve. Each chapter that follows provides a detailed case study of alternative proofs for particular theorems, including the Pythagorean Theorem, the Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic, Desargues' Theorem, the Prime Number Theorem, and the proof of the irreducibility of cyclotomic polynomials.
The implementation of ALF : a proof editor based on Martin-Löf's monomorphic type theory with explicit substitution
Advances in natural deduction : a celebration in Dag Prawitz's work
"This book continues from where the authors' previous book, Structural Proof Theory, ended. It presents an extension of the methods of analysis of proofs in pure logic to elementary axiomatic systems and to what is known as philosophical logic. A self-contained brief introduction to the proof theory of pure logic is included that serves both the mathematically and philosophically oriented reader. The method is built up gradually, with examples drawn from theories of order, lattice theory and elementary geometry. The aim is, in each of the examples, to help the reader grasp the combinatorial behaviour of an axiom system, which typically leads to decidability results. The last part presents, as an application and extension of all that precedes it, a proof-theoretical approach to the Kripke semantics of modal and related logics, with a great number of new results, providing essential reading for mathematical and philosophical logicians"--
Memoirs of a proof theorist : Gödel and other logicians
Tychonoff's theorem in the framework of formal topologies
Argumentation : analysis and practices : proceedings of the Conference on Argumentation 1986
Equality in the presence of apartness : an application of structural proof analysis to intuitionistic axiomatics
Permutability of rules for linear lattices
Structural proof theory
Linear logic in computer science
Argumentation : approaches to theory formation : containing the contributions to the Groningen Conference on the Theory of Argumentation, October 1978
Sequent calculus proof theory of intuitionistic apartness and order relations
This new and expanded edition explains a distinctive method for analyzing and evaluating arguments. It features many examples, ranging from newspaper articles to extracts from classic texts, and from easy passages to much more difficult ones. It will enable students to think critically about sustained, theoretical arguments commonly encountered in the course of their studies, including arguments about the natural world, society, policy, and philosophy.
Computational Logic and Proof Theory : 5th Kurt Gödel Colloquium, KGC'97, Vienna, Austria, August 25-29, 1997 : proceedings
An introduction to mathematical reasoning : numbers, sets and functions
Handbook of argumentation theory : a critical survey of classical backgrounds and modern studies
Proof theory of impredicative subsystems of analysis
On constructive interpretation of predicative mathematics
Complex proofs of real theorems
The new rhetoric : a treatise on argumentation
Combinators, -terms and proof theory
Informal logic : a handbook for critical argumentation
Applied proof theory : proof interpretations and their use in mathematics
A first course in logic : an introduction in model theory, proof theory, computability, complexity
Proof and proving in mathematics education : the 19th ISBI study
Introduction to logic
Proof theory : the first step into impredicativity
Theorems, corollaries, lemmas, and methods of proof
Basic proof theory
The art of reasoning
Probability and evidence
Elementary induction on abstract structures
Testing scientific theories
Logical foundations of proof complexity
Introduction to mathematical proofs : a transition
Signature in the cell : DNA and the evidence for intelligent design
The moment of proof : mathematical epiphanies
Discrete mathematics demystified
Principles of philosophical reasoning
Kurt Gödel : essays for his centennial
Argumentation : perspectives and approaches : proceedings of the Conference on Argumentation 1986
Proof theory
