http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4557 delivery
delivery childbirth
Legal issues in obstetrics
The guy's guide to surviving pregnancy, childbirth and the first year of fatherhood
Depression in new mothers : causes, consequences, and treatment alternatives
Conception, pregnancy & birth
From conception to birth
Obstetric anesthesia : principles and practice
Modern methods in the prevention and management of complications in labor
You and your baby pregnancy : the ultimate week-by-week pregnancy guide
Facts of life : Part 1. Growing up
Foundations of maternal-newborn nursing
"Everything you wanted to know but were too embarrassed to ask - a guide to pregnancy and birth straight from the midwife's mouth"-- Back cover.
Pelvic health & childbirth : what every woman needs to know
Clone. [Volume 1] : [First generation]
Genetic background of spontaneous preterm birth and lung diseases in preterm infants:studies of potential susceptibility genes and polymorphisms
The majority of babies throughout the world are born at home and it is mainly in developed countries (and mostly in the past few decades) that going to hospital to have your baby has become the norm. This is all set to change as more and more evidence comes to light about the positive outcomes of homebirths. With inspirational stories from women who have had successful home birth experiences, you'll find out: why women are perfectly designed to give birth; what the evidence says about the best place to give birth; the myths surrounding childbirth at home; how to plan for a home birth and what you need on the day; what your choices of pain relief are; what the possible risks and complications might be Practical and reassuring, The Home birth Handbook provides all the information you need to feel completely prepared and excited to welcome your baby in the comfort and safety of your own home.
A survey of etiological mechanisms and therapy of preterm labor
Gentle birth choices : a guide to making informed decisions about birthing centers, birth attendants, water birth, home birth, hospital birth
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLIX, 2014
We're having a baby
The yummy mummy's survival guide
Caesarean recovery
How to grow a baby and push it out : your no-nonsense week-by-week guide to pregnancy and birth
Your pregnancy after 35
Prenatal yoga for conception, pregnancy and birth
"Evidence-based care is a well established principle in contemporary healthcare and a worldwide health care movement. However, despite the emphasis on promoting evidence-based or effective care without the unnecessary use of technologies and drugs, intervention rates in childbirth continue to rise rapidly. This new edition emphasises the importance of translating evidence into skilful practice. It updates the evidence around what works best for normal birth, aspects of which still remain hidden and ignored by some maternity care professionals. Beginning with the decision about where to have a baby, through all the phases of labour to the immediate post-birth period, it systematically details research and other evidence sources that endorse a low intervention approach. The second edition: - has been expanded with new chapters on Preparation for Childbirth and Waterbirth - highlights where the evidence is compelling - discusses its application where women question its relevance to them and where the practitioner's expertise leads them to challenge it - gives background and context before discussing the research to date - includes questions for reflection, skills sections and practice recommendations generated from the evidence. Using evidence drawn from a variety of sources, Evidence and Skills for Normal Labour and Birth critiques institutionalised, scientifically managed birth and endorses a more humane midwifery-led model. Packed with up-to-date and relevant information, this text will help all students, practising midwives and doulas keep abreast of the evidence surrounding normal birth and ensure their practice takes full advantage of it"--Provided by publisher.
Having a baby : How to prepare for and manage pregnancy and the birth or your baby
The baby
Pregnancy : the inside guide : a complete guide to fertility, pregnancy and labour
The pregnancy encyclopedia : all your questions answered
Spiritual midwifery
Expecting a baby? : a complete guide to pregnancy, birth and your baby's first six weeks
Water birth : the concise guide to using water during pregnancy, birth and infancy
Life after birth : every woman's guide to the first year of motherhood
Heart & hands : a midwife's guide to pregnancy & birth
Christine Hill's pregnancy guide  : the essentia lhandbook for all expectent mothers
The headspace guide to ... a mindful pregnancy
Pregnancy from preconception to birth
Our new baby inside!
Illustrated textbook of obstetrics
The pregnancy & postpartum anxiety workbook : practical skills to help you overcome anxiety, worry, panic attacks, obsessions, and compulsions
Pregnancy Q & A
Childbirth procedures
Llewellyn-Jones fundamentals of obstetrics and gynaecology
Water and sexuality
Episiotomy and the second stage of labor
Water birth : a midwife's perspective
The day-by-day pregnancy book : comprehensive advice from a team of experts, and stunning images for every single day
In this note, we present relative risks of giving birth for mothers with different numbers of children. We use Swedish register data and study the propensity to continue the childbearing beyond child number two. We pay special attention to births of those higher orders that are studied only rarely in conventional demographic analyses. As the parity increases to higher numbers, we expect to ? nd some kind of selection so that the group of mothers increasingly consists of very birth prone women. For births after a fourth child, we indeed ? nd such an effect in that the relative risk of giving birth to an additional child then increases with the birth order. In our intensity-regression models, we also check whether this selection effect of increasing birth risks can be picked up by the inclusion of a speci? c factor for unobserved heterogeneity in the mothers propensity to give birth. We ? nd that the positive gradient in the propensity to give birth indeed disappears when such a factor is included into our model.  .
Juju Sundin's birth skills : Proven pain-management techniques for your labour and birth
Pohjoismaiset perinataalitilastot = Nordisk perinatalstatistik = Perinatal statistics in the Nordic countries
Why hypnobirthing matters
Genetic predisposition to spontaneous preterm birth:approaches to identify susceptibility genes
Your pregnancy week by week
The bloke's guide to pregnancy
The postpartum effect : deadly depression in mothers
Selectivity in Higher-Order Childbearing in Sweden
Dear thing
The significance of surfactant protein gene polymorphisms in multifactorial infantile pulmonary diseases
The his and hers guide to pregnancy and birth
Things I wish I'd known : women tell the truth about motherhood
The encyclopedia of pregnancy and birth
How mothers love and how relationships are born
A child is born
Pregnancy : questions and answers : everything you need to know - week by week
Where do babies come from?
Basic maternal/pediatric nursing
The birth partner : everything you need to know to help a woman through childbirdth
Pregnancy, childbirth and the newborn : a manual for rural midwives
Post-natal depression : psychology, science and the transition to motherhood
All the five Nordic countries have a long tradition in health statistics and health monitoring. The cornerstone of the national health information systems is register information. There are, for example, complete population-based registration of births and deaths, cancers, hospital care, and medication (Cappelen and Lysol 2004, Gissler and Haukka. 2004, Mortensen 2004, Otterblad Olausson et al. 2004). The main prerequisites for a functioning register system are its completeness and high quality. These are facilitated by the Nordic legislation allowing mandatory reporting from public and private sector without informed consent and the existence of unique person identity number system. .
Mindful hypnobirthing : hypnosis and mindfulness techniques for a calm and confident birth
The expectant father : the ultimate guide for dads-to-be
Women's autonomy and maternal health care utilization in Nepal
Baillière's midwives' dictionary
For the love of children : childcare and child rearing 0-16 years
Pregnancy : all your questions answered
The bump class : an expert guide to pregnancy, birth and beyond
Your yoga birthguide
What to expect when you're expecting
Fed up of advice that did not take into account a less than perfect pregnancy, Dr Chiara Hunt and Marina Fogle set up their pregnancy course, The Bump Class, in London in 2013. They wanted to help prepare new mothers thoroughly for the birth of their babies and instil in them the joy and happiness of birth, no matter what the method, time or setting of the labour. This book is a pragmatic and honest look at pregnancy, giving pregnant women and new mothers sensible and practical advice on what is to be expected (as well as the often unexpected!) in a friendly and open manner.
The baby bump : 100s of secrets for those 9 long months
The couvade, or male child-bed among the South American indians
Maternal pelvis, feto-pelvic index and labor dystocia
The good birth companion : your essential guide to having the best labour and birth
Vocalisation and feeding skills in extremely preterm infants : an intensive follow-up from birth to first word and first step
Perinatal brain damage in very preterm infants:prenatal inflammation and neurologic outcome in children born term and preterm
The waterbirth handbook : a guide to the gentle art of waterbirthing
The midwife of Hope River
New pregnancy and birth
Failure to progress : the contraction of the midwifery profession
An expanded and updated month-to-month guide to the emotional, financial, and physical changes the father-to-be may experience during his partner's pregnancy.
Your pregnancy bible
Maternal infant health : care planning
Expecting better : why the conventional pregnancy wisdom is wrong and what you really need to know
Hypnobirthing is a method of birth preparation using a series of simple but effective techniques that can facilitate a calm and natural birth. Far from being a modern fad, it is logical, rational and there is a strong evidence base for its use. Many women approach labour with fear because of the negativity surrounding birth and the assumption that it must involve excruciating pain for the mother. Fear has a physiological effect, making contractions less effective and derailing normal labour. Hypnobirthing teaches the mother to relax and believe that her body is perfectly designed to give birth; when the mother is relaxed her body can release natural painkillers that are far more effective than pharmaceutical drugs. Women using hypnobirthing report needing little or no pain relief during labour and their babies are born calm and alert. Mothers need less medical intervention, and if they do they report feeling much more able to deal with it. Calm and confident parents are empowered to make informed decisions about their care, which can contribute enormously to a positive birth experience. In Why Hypnobirthing Matters Katrina Berry looks at the origins and rationale for using hypnosis for childbirth, explains what you can expect from hypnobirthing and dispels common misunderstandings in a lively, informative way.
Incidence of gynaecological cancers and overall and cause specific mortality of grand multiparous women in Finland
Birth by design : pregnancy, maternity care, and midwifery in North America and Europe
Motherlove : stories about births, babies & beyond
The effect of the prolongation of the first stage of labour on the prognosis of parturient and child : a statistical study on parturients at the Women's Clinic, University of Helsinki, in 1955-1957
Belly laughs : the naked truth about pregnancy and childbirth
Preparing for childbirth : a practical guide to childbirth choices
Waterbirth : an attitude to care
My pregnancy : nutrition, antenatal care, fitness, emotional wellbeing, childbirth, babycare
Pregnancy for men : the whole 9 months
Epidemiological and genetic study of respiratory distress syndrome in preterm infants:specific aspects of twin and multiple births
Tilastoja syntyneistä 1990 = Statistics on births in Finland 1990.
Childbed fever : a documentary history
Child birth
WHO recommendations for augmentation of labour
In the womb
A guide to effective care in pregnanacy and childbirth
Hypnobirthing : the Mongan method : a natural approach to a safe, easier, more comfortable birthing
Anthropology of human birth
Women's anticipations of and experiences with induction of labor
Choices in pregnancy and childbirth : a guide to options for health professionals, midwives, holistic practitioners, and parents
When it first hit bookstores in 2004, actress and new mother Jenny McCarthy's "Belly Laughs" became a "New York Times"-bestseller, popular for its candid discussion of the joys of pregnancy--the gassiness, constipation, queasiness, and exhaustion, plus the forgetfulness, crankiness, and constant worry. Never shy, frequently crude, and always laugh-out-loud funny, McCarthy covers it all in the grittiest of girlfriend detail, from morning sickness and hormonal rage, to hemorrhoids, pregnant sex, and the torture and sweet relief that is delivery. In July 2013, Barbara Walters confirmed that McCarthy would officially become a co-host on "The View" when it launches its seventeenth season in September. She will surely bring the outspoken humor that has made "Belly Laughs" such a perennial seller to the hit show.
The mechanics of labor
Feelings of fear and security associated with pregnancy and children : experiences reported before and after childbirth
Understanding pain and its relief in labour
Local administration of prostaglandin E2 for cervical ripening and labor induction : the appropriate route and dose
Finding calm for the expectant mom : tools for reducing stress, anxiety, and mood swings during your pregnancy
Vanish : a novel
The complete Al's baby
I don't know why she bothers : guilt-free motherhood for thoroughly modern women
Right time baby
Post-Natal depression : Psychology, science and the transition to motherhood
Postnatal depression : prevalence, identification and treatment
Factors associated with fear of delivery in second pregnancies
Ask a midwife : all your pregnancy and birth questions answered with wisdom, insight, and expertise
The complete woman's herbal : a manual of healing herbs and nutrition for personal wellbeing and family care
Shnider and Levinson's anesthesia for obstetrics
Spiritual pregnancy : develop, nurture, & embrace the journey to motherhood
Analysis of obstetric complications reported to the National Patient Insurance Association in Finland from 1987-1995
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
Happy, healthy pregnancy : 50 things you really need to know
Epämuodostumat 1993-2008 = Missbildningar 1993-2008 = Congenital anomalies 1993-2008
Registration of Births and Induced Abortions in the Nordic Countries
Mila's journey : a personal account of a home birth
Tuberculosis Reawakening - Considerations in Maternal Welfare
"In today's perfectionistic culture, pregnant women are expected to be boundlessly optimistic and literally glowing with happiness. What often go unacknowledged are the physical and emotional challenges of pregnancy. This book offers strategies and solutions for confronting and relieving the stress of pregnancy. Think about some of the words so commonly used to describe a pregnant woman: "radiant," "glowing," "serene." But even for women who are thrilled to be having a baby, pregnancy can also be a difficult time filled with ambivalence, anxiety, and moodiness. Women who are typically accustomed to having complete control over their bodies endure waves of morning sickness, discomfort with their expanding belly, exhaustion, and anxiety about the impact a baby will have on their career, relationships, and freedom. Many pregnant women feel guilty about the challenging emotions; they face enormous societal pressure to be ecstatic about impending motherhood and wonder what is wrong with them when they don't feel the happiness they think they should be experiencing. Research shows that excessive stress during pregnancy is associated with premature birth and low birth weight. But relief does not come in the form of a pill--antidepressants have the potential to cause pregnancy complications and lifelong harm to unborn babies. Finding Calm for the Expectant Mom presents a seven-step program that shows women what they can do to feel happier, calmer, and less stressed in a safe and natural way. With the tools and problem-solving techniques presented here, women can adjust their expectations, restructure negative thought patterns, cultivate resiliency, and become better prepared to take on the role of motherhood"--
The day-by-day pregnancy book : comprehensive advice from a team of experts and stunning images for every single day
When baby brings the blues : solutions for postpartum depression
Family-centered maternity nursing
Pregnancy for dads
The handmaid's tale
Beginning with birth?
It's not the stork : a book about girls, boys, babies, bodies, families, and friends
Successful home birth and midwifery : the Dutch model
The Mother of all pregnancy books
Surfactant proteins and cytokines in inflammation-induced preterm birth:experimental mouse model and study of human tissues
Birth centres : a social model for maternity care
Breathe your way through birth with yoga
Use of the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) in the detection of postnatal depression : a systematic literature review
Water birth unplugged : proceedings of the first international water birth conference
When you're expecting twins, triplets, or quads : proven guidelines for a healthy multiple pregnancy
"Filled with unique insights into the spiritual nature of pregnancy, this compassionate guide takes you, the expectant mother, and your loved ones along a “hero’s journey” of discovery. Each trimester correlates to a stage of the epic journey where emotional, spiritual, and physical connections heighten your awareness of yourself and your unborn child. Through these stages, the mundane and everyday are elevated to the sublime and transformative.  With their extensive training and experience in allopathic wellness and integrative medicine, Shawn A. Tassone and Kathryn M. Landherr have created a book full of guided meditations, journaling exercises, and spiritual traditions from a variety of cultures."--Publisher description.
Pregnancy and birth : a guide for deaf women
Johnson's mother & baby
Intrapartum care : a research-based approach
Pregnancy for modern girls : the naked truth about being pregnant
Special features of health services and register based trials : experiences from a randomized trial of childbirth classes
Childbirth
Obstetrics illustrated
We're  having a baby  [Elektroninen aineisto] : a guidebook for expectant parents
Pregnancy : an infographic guide
Evidence and skills for normal labour and birth : a guide for midwives
Myles textbook for midwives
Hypnobirthing : the Mongan Method : the breakthrough approach to safer, easier, comfortable birthing
Your pregnancy companion
The homebirth handbook : how to have your baby calmly and safely at home
Giving birth : the great adventure
The girlfriends' guide to pregnancy : or everything your doctor won't tell you
