http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4551 modification
modification
Tan your hide! : home tanning leathers & furs
Tuning experience : phenomenology of the personalization
Age of propaganda : the everyday use and abuse of persuasion
Pro Tools 8 : advanced level
Pattern cutting primer : all you need to know about designing, adapting & customising sewing patterns
Mu in vitro DNA transposition applications in protein engineering
Ploughman's progress
Modification of nanofibrillated cellulose in aqueous media
Remix theory : the aesthetics of sampling
Impact of site-preparation on soil-surface CO2 fluxes and litter decomposition in a clear-cut in Sweden
Populations and communities in human modified forest landscapes
A textbook of manufacturing technology (manufacturing processes) : for B.E., B.Tech., A.M.I.E.-section B, diploma, and competitive examinations
Development of pine plantations on drained bogs as affected by some peat properties, fertilization, soil preparation and liming
Influence of soil preparation on the success of Norway spruce plantation on fine-grained soil
Loving Yusuf : conceptual travels from present to past
Photo crafts sourcebook : projects and ideas for making photos fun
Transformations of structured documents with grammar
A two-factor field experiment was carried out at the Lithuanian Institute of Agriculture during the period 2005-2008. The influence of different tillage and fertilization practices on wheat grain fungal contamination was evaluated. Grain surface contamination and internal grain infection with fungi were quantified using agar tests. Purified colonies were identified using different manuals. A total of 16 fungal genera were identified in spring and winter wheat grains. Alternaria infected 46.3% - 99.9%, Cladosporium 26.9% - 77.8%, Fusarium 0.9% - 37.1%, Penicillium 1.3% - 2.5% of grains tested. Winter wheat grain surface contamination by fungi ranged from 7.2 × 103 to 24.8 × 103 of colony forming units per g of grain (cfu g-1), spring wheat from 14.8 × 103 to 80.3 × 103 cfu g-1. No-tillage increased winter wheat grain infection by Alternaria, Aspergillus and Cladosporium species and total count of cfu g-1 on spring wheat grain surface. High fertilizer rates resulted in an increase in spring wheat grain infection by Fusarium and Penicillium species and total count of cfu g-1 on both spring and winter wheat grain surface.
Knitting with dog hair : a woof-to-warp guide to making hats, sweaters, mittens and much more
Bioinspired materials : non-covalent modification of nanofibrillated cellulose and chitin via genetically engineered proteins and multilayered graphene
Angiopoietin-1 and -2 regulated Tie2 receptor translocation in endothelial cells and investigation of Angiopoietin-2 splice variant 443
Flocculation/deflocculation of cellulosic materials and mineral particles by polyelectrolyte complexes and nanocelluloses
Simulated continuous mounding improvements through ideal machine vision and control
In our own image : eugenics and the genetic modification of people
Perennial weeds are an increasing challenge in organic farming in the Nordic countries. The aim of this study was to compare different tillage methods in the control of Elymus repens by using two intensified bare fallow strategies. Two field experiments consisted of three ploughing methods and seven fallow methods. The experiments were carried out in organic soils in Central Finland. The methods applied in the brief fallow before cereal sowing (exp. 1) were not effective enough against E. repens. Due to wet weather conditions in the spring the fallow period was limited to two weeks in both years, which did not seem to be enough time. In the late summer fallow after ley (exp. 2), the Kvick-Finn weed-cultivator destroyed E. repens very effectively; on average 5% of E. repens remained alive in the barley crop in the autumn of the following year. After use of ordinary cultivators 10% of E. repens remained alive, after use of the spade harrow 25% and after frequent mowing over 50% remained alive, respectively. As a result of effective E. repens control, barley yield was about 1000 kg ha-1 higher than without any fallow. In conclusion, effective control of E. repens is achieved with proper machinery and repeated treatments at the optimal time.
Your perfect fit
Angiopoietin 1 and 2-regulated Tie2 receptor translocation in endothelial cells and investigation of Angiopoietin-2 splice variant 443
Why leather?: the material and cultural dimensions of leather
Effect of microstructure on the mechanical properties and bendability of direct-quenched ultrahigh-strength steels
Stitch, dissolve, distort : with machine embroidery
Reduced tillage: influence on erosion and nutrient losses in a clayey field in southern Finland
The effect of power tiller operations on physical properties of soil under sawah system in Bida, Nigeria,was examined using an Indian model of VST-SHAKTI 130 DI with 10 kW (13 hp) rated power diesel engine of 2400 rpm rated crankshaft speed on different rice fields located at Shaba-Maliki and Ejeti village near Bida on a clayey loamy, sandy soil, under the guinea savannah ecology of Nigeria. Data were collected on soil properties such as soil moisture content, bulk density, porosity, penetrometer resistance/cone index and shear strength. The core technique was used in obtaining samples for bulk density measurement, and soil penetrometer and shear vane readings were determined <i>in situ</i>. Soil samples were obtained at various depths of 7 cm intervals, soil laboratory tests were all performed using standard procedures. The results show that the bulk density increased with depth both before and after operation, but the bulk density reduced after the operation. Porosity measured immediately after operation at different depths showed an improvement down the depth and the power tiller operations have improved the soil moisture content, reduced shear strength and penetration resistance respectively. Significant differences exist on these parameters before and after the tillage operations. The use of power tiller has a significant impact on the soil physical conditions for improving the soil conditions for a high yield for rice and not the usual deterioration effect often associated with the use of farm machinery on farm fields.
Chemical and enzymatic oxidation using molecular oxygen as a means to valorize technical lignins for material applications
Impact of water content on enzymatic modification of wheat bran
Ovid's revisions : the editor as author
Protein crystallographic studies of A-TIM—structure based development of new enzymes
Spatial distribution of fine roots at ploughed Norway spruce forest sites
Surface runoff, subsurface drainflow and soil erosion as affected by tillage in a clayey Finnish soil
Protein crystallography of triosephosphate isomerases: functional and protein engineering studies
Supported ultrathin films and non-woven fibre mats from polysaccharide containing bicomponent polymer blends
Firm abs, flat stomach  : in only 30 days
Aluminium chemistry in ploughed podzolic forest soils
The effect of different tillage-fertilization practices on the mycoflora of wheat grains
Intermolecular protein splicing and its use in biotechnological applications
Intensifying bare fallow strategies to control Elymus repens in organic soils
"A step-by-step guide that takes the mystery out of rewriting and leads the writer through a series of focused passes which address the core fundamentals of screenwriting resulting in a polished, professional screenplay"--
Leather : from the raw material to the finished product
Role of chemical and enzymatic modifications of milk proteins on emulsion stability/properties : approaches for more stable protein emulsions
The effect of seedling, site, and silviculture factors on vole damage to seedling stands in Päijät-Häme, Finland, during winter 2008/09
A systems approach to conservation tillage
Firms abs flat tummy
The behavior of stabilized high-chromium ferritic stainless steels in hot deformation
Urban exploration photography : a guide to creating and editing images of abandoned places
Scanning negatives and films : digitizing your photographic archives
International encyclopedia of propaganda
Boreal forest soil contains significant amounts of organic carbon. Soil disturbance, caused for example by site preparation or stump extraction, may increase decomposition and thus lead to higher CO2 emissions, contributing to global warming. The aim of this study was to quantify responses of soil-surface CO2 fluxes (Rs) and litter (needle and root) decomposition rates following various kinds of soil disturbance commonly caused by mechanical site preparation and stump harvest. For this purpose four treatments were applied in a clear-cut site in central Sweden: i) removal of the humus layer and top 2 cm of mineral soil, ii) placement of a humus layer and 2 cm of mineral soil upside down on top of undisturbed soil, forming a double humus layer buried under mineral soil, iii) heavy mixing of the humus layer and mineral soil, and iv) no disturbance (control). Rs measurements were acquired with a portable respiration system during two growing seasons. To assess the treatments' effects on litter decomposition rates, needles or coarse roots (Ø = 6 mm) were incubated in litterbags at positions they would be located after the treatments (buried, or on top of the soil). The results indicate that site preparation-simulating treatments have no effect or may significantly reduce, rather than increase, CO2 emissions during the following two years. They also show that buried litter decomposes more rapidly than litter on the surface, but in other respects the treatments have little effect on litter decomposition rates..
Conservation agriculture : environment, farmers experiences, innovations, socio-economy, policy
Golgi-associated anion exchanger, AE2 : identification, cell type specific targeting and structural role in the Golgi complex
Get seen : online video secrets to building your business
Thermal deformation in machine tools
To promote the growth and survival of regenerated forests, site preparation prior to tree planting on clearcuts is necessary. This is often performed with scarifiers, either through trenching or mounding. Mounding is generally considered better in a plant survival perspective but is inefficient on obstacle-rich clearcuts. By utilising machine vision through e.g. remote sensing methods, new strategies can enable efficient mound positioning. In this paper, three realistic strategies utilizing ideal clearcut object identification through machine vision have been developed that can be used for more efficient mounding. The results show that mounding efficiency can be significantly improved with a new mound positioning strategy that employs ideal object identification, especially on obstacle-rich clearcuts.
A comparison of nitrogen and carbon reserves in acid sulphate and non acid sulphate soils in western Finland
Broadcast sponsorship; modifying brand image and expanding target audience through programme choice
Engineering of charge, biotin-binding and oligomerization of avidin : new tools for avidin-biotin technology
In this thesis, the influence of reversion and recrystallization annealing on microstructure and mechanical properties was studied in metastable austenitic low-Ni high-Mn stainless steels, some alloyed with up to 0.45 wt.% Nb. Further, the effect of the various microstructures created by reversion and recrystallization on strain-induced martensite transformation in tensile testing was investigated. The aim was to achieve excellent combinations of strength and ductility in the steels and to improve understanding of the behaviour of ultrafine-grained austenitic stainless steels during deformation. All the steels were cold-rolled up to 60% thickness reduction producing up to 60% strain-induced α'-martensite in the austenitic structure. Annealing was carried out using a Gleeble thermomechanical simulator between 450–1100 °C for durations of 0.1–1000 s. The resultant microstructures were examined using different research equipment and methods. Regardless of the amount of Nb alloying, shear- and diffusion-controlled reversion could be completed by annealing at 700 °C, although at this temperature no recrystallization of the untransformed cold-rolled austenite occurred. At 800 °C, however, the cold-rolled austenite recrystallized, producing a non-uniform grain structure comprising ultrafine-grained areas formed via reversion and coarser ones formed by recrystallization of the retained austenite. At 900 °C, a uniform fine austenite grain size of about 2 μm was obtained. At higher annealing temperatures of 1000–1100 °C, normal grain growth of fine grains took place during prolonged annealing in steel with no Nb. However, grain growth was effectively retarded by alloying with 0.28 wt.% Nb. The non-uniform structures consisting of reverted and retained austenite exhibited excellent combinations of yield strength and uniform elongation. The results also showed that tensile strain-induced martensite nucleation sites and α'-martensite formation vary in a complex way depending on grain size.
Maize and winter wheat production with different soil tillage systems on silty loam
Generation of flat and curved membranes by Inverse-BAR domain proteins
Effect of power tiller operations on physical properties of soil under sawah rice production system in Bida, Nigeria
"If there is one skill that separates the professional screenwriter from the amateur, it is his or her ability to rewrite successfully. But rewriting can be confusing and difficult even for the most battle-hardened screenwriter. From the screenwriter of Top Gun, Dick Tracy and The Secret of My Success comes a comprehensive guide that explores the art and craft of rewriting. Jack Epps, Jr. guides the writer to identify the weaknesses in his screenplay by using the pass method to solve individual story or character problems one at a time, rather than the common model of trying to fix everything in one giant rewrite, by taking the writer on a journey from First Draft to Final Polish. With Screenwriting is Rewriting, Epps gives practical tips on organizing notes, creating a game plan, and then executing a series of precision focused passes that address the major story, character and plot issues. He includes sample notes, game plans and beat sheets from the his own work on films such as Sister Act, Tootsie and Top Gun. Also included are exclusive interviews about rewriting with screenwriting masters Robert Towne (Chinatown), Frank Pierson (Dog Day Afternoon), and Susannah Grant (Erin Brockovich), and a companion website containing an instructor's guide for a 10 week term or 16 week semester"--
Patterns of lexis in european joint declarations : a study of higher education policy text
SUMOylation in the Regulation of Androgen Receptor and Pioneer Factor FOXA1 in Prostate Cancer Cells
Bullet-proof abs : 2nd edition of Beyond crunches
Firm abs, flat stomach : in only 30 days
Magazine translation : domestication in the articles in the Finnish Cosmopolitan
Summary.
Microstructure and properties of reversion treated low-Ni high-Mn austenitic stainless steels
Mapping hacks : tips & tools for electronic cartography
Forest regeneration on nutrient-poor peatlands: effects of fertilization, mounding and sowing
Screenwriting is rewriting : the art and craft of professional revision
Timing incorporation of different green manure crops to minimize the risk of nitrogen leaching
Modelling radiative and climate effects of aerosols : from anthropogenic emission to geoengineering
Phosphorus losses from a subdrained clayey soil as affected by cultivation practices
On nitrogen mobilization in peat 1 : effect of liming and rotavation in different incubation temperatures
Vintage fabric accessories : stylish creations from recycle fabrics
Microfibrillation of pulp fibres : the effects of compression-shearing, oxidation and thermal drying
Rheology and flocculation of polymer-modified microfibrillated cellulose suspensions
Towards new enzymes : protein engineering versus bioinformatic studies
Effects of soil preparation on the bacterial population in forest soil
Lignin-modifying enzymes : solid-state production and application in dye decolorization and enzymatic lignocellulose hydrolysis
Dialdehyde cellulose (DAC) : advanced periodate oxidation of birch cellulose and further derivatization to be used in flocculation applications
Editing and revising text
Effect of various cultivation methods on earthworm biomasses and communities on different soil types
Body modification
Der Becker : shaped wood compendium
2nd International Conference on Technology of Plasticity, Stuttgart, 24.-28.8.1987 : matkakertomus
Effect of conservation tillage and peat application on weed infestation on a clay soil
Tattoos and body modifications in antiquity : proceedings of the sessions at the EAA annual meetings in The Hague and Oslo, 2011/11
Macro- and microscale gaseous diffusion in a Stagnic Luvisol as affected by compaction and reduced tillage
Functional mapping of Mu transposition machinery : MuA protein modification and engineering for hyperactivity
Artificial ribonucleases : oligonucleotides conjugated with metal ion chelates of azacrowns
The war of art
Structural modification of graphene by ion irradiation studied with molecular dynamics simulations
Ten days into a war : linguistic realizations of war-time identity as perception management during the operation Iraqi freedom
Scanning and editing your old photos : in simple step
Body sculpting
Sneakier uses for everyday things : how to turn a calculator into a metal detector, carry a survival kit in a shoestring, make a gas mask with a balloon, turn dishwashing liquid into a copy machine, convert a styrofoam cup into a speaker, and make a spy gadget jacket with everyday things
Now and then : the cabinet card paintings of Alex Gross
