http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4552 defence
defence
C.S. Lewis vs the new atheists
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 2
Drivers behind the internationalisation of the defence business : perspective of some Finnish experts
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. 7
Conscription : economic costs and political allure
The development of Russian military policy and Finland
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
Nations in arms : the theory and practice of territorial defence
The defence of 'obedience to superior orders' in international law
Constructively aligned military education and training in the times of the European Bologna Process
Priming capacities of endophytic <em>Methylobacterium</em> sp. on potato (<em>Solanum tuberosum</em> L.)
Contending for the faith
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
Guide book out-lining the 10 most common street attacks that occurs in the U.K. and how different self-defense and martial arts discipline evaluate and combat the situation.
Nordic partners of NATO : how similar are Finland and Sweden within NATO cooperation?
The last stand
The founder of the Equal Justice Initiative in Montgomery, Alabama recounts his experiences as a lawyer working to assist those desperately in need, reflecting on his pursuit of the ideal of compassion in American justice.
The politics of security sector reform : challenges and opportunities for the European Union's global role
Control of reactive oxygen species homeostasis in response to environmental stress
Fort of Jungfruskär 1939 - 1999.
Standing accused : the organisation and practices of criminal defence lawyers in Britain
European union law and defence integration
Phytochemical diversity and redundancy in ecological interactions
Re-entry issues and challenges of Finnish repatriates : study of corporate expatriates, employees of the Ministry for Foreign Affairs, and employees of the defence forces
Herbivory on willows : abiotic constraints and trophic interactions
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 5
Buying Defence and Security in Europe is the first critical evaluation of the EU Defence and Security Procurement Directive 2009/81/EC, which is now the basis for public and private entities buying armaments and sensitive goods and services in the EU. This instrument aims to ensure non-discrimination, competition and transparency in the security sectors. Part one provides a critical analysis of the economical, historical, political, military-strategic and legal contexts of the new EU Defence and Security Procurement Directive. Part two covers the main aspects of the Directive: its scope, procedures, security of supply and information, offsets and subcontracting, and finally its review and remedies system. This book is an essential overview of a legislative milestone in the field.
Enhancement of national collaboration between defence establishment and industry by systems approach
Recognizing and understanding revolutionary change in warfare : the sovereignty of context
DPS-like peroxide resistance protein : structural and functional studies on a versatile nanocontainer
Just mercy : a story of justice and redemption
War, aggression and self-defence
The quest for a European strategic culture : changing norms on security and defence in the European Union
Justice and justification : reflective equilibrium in theory and practice
Variation in defence and its fitness consequences in aposematic animals : interactions among diet, parasites and predators
European defence cooperation : sovereignty and the capacity to act
The author provides a critical audit of the great RMA debate and of some actual RMA behavior and warns against a transformation that is highly potent only in a narrow range of strategic cases. He warns that the military effectiveness of a process of revolutionary change in a "way of war" can only be judged by the test of battle, and possibly not even then, if the terms of combat are very heavily weighted in favor of the United States. On balance, the concept of revolutionary change is found to be quite useful, provided it is employed and applied with some reservations and in a manner that allows for flexibility and adaptability. The contexts of warfare, especially the political, determine how effective a transforming military establishment will be.
Aegis of earth : protonovus assault : PS3
Earthlock : festival of magic : Xbox One
Consortium management & communication model: case: Association of Finnish Defence and Aerospace Industry
Priming capacities of endophytic Methylobacterium sp. on potato (Solanum tuberosum L.)
Guide book out-lining the 10 most common street attacks the occur in the U.K. and how different self-defense and martial arts discipline evaluate and combat the situation
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. 1
Cockneys vs zombies
Anglo-American insanity defence reform : the war between law and medicine
Earthlock : festival of magic : PS4
Images of Barbarossa : the German invasion of Russia, 1941
Pharmacy use and costs in employer-provided health plans : insights for TRICARE benefit design from the private sector
The apologetics of joy : a case for the existence of God from C. S. Lewis's argument from desire
Israel defence forces : the six day war 5.6.67...10.6.67
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. 5
Evidentialism : essays in epistemology
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 1
The universal declaration of human rights : Finland
Forts and fortresses : from the hillforts of prehistory to modern times - the definitive visual account of the science of fortification
Computer network defence in military cognitive networks
Meeting the Challenge : South African Defence in the Post-Apartheid Era
The importance of landscape structure for nest defence in the Eurasian Treecreeper Certhia familiaris
Financing the defense program
Aggressive network self-defence
Japan's security strategy in the post-9/11 world : embracing a new realpolitik
The magnificent seven
Nest defence of Eurasian Treecreeper Certhia familiaris against the Great Spotted Woodpecker Dendrocopos major: only one parent is needed
Russia's Far East : a region at risk
The military history of Boston's Harbor islands
Aces high
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 3
MI5: British security service operations 1909-1945
Access to criminal justice
Defensive strategy and basic operational decisions in the Finland-Soviet Winter War 1939-1940
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. 4
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
The activation of aggresomal pathway in Coxsackievirus B3 infection
The concept of pre-emption : the changing structure of international order concerning the maintenance of international peace and security
Defenses in contemporary international criminal law
Securing global commons : a small state perspective
Liberty in the age of terror : a defence of civil liberties and enlightenment values
Cold War secret nuclear bunkers : the passive defence of the western world during the Cold War
The guarantees for accused persons under article 6 of the European convention on human rights : an analysis of the application of the convention and a comparison with other instruments
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. 3
Enhancing organizational ambidexterity of the Finnish Defence Forces' supply chain management
The evidence enigma : correctional boot camps and other failures in evidence-based policymaking
Common security and nonoffensive defense : a neorealist perspective
A power for peace and development : the White Papers of the Chinese government from a public diplomacy point of view
Strategy moves : 14 complete attack and defense strategies for competitive advantage
Where have all the soldiers gone? : the transformation of modern Europe
How might C.S. Lewis, the greatest Christian apologist of the twentieth century, respond to the twenty-first century 'new atheism' of Richard Dawkins, Christopher Hitchens and company? Might Lewis' own journey from atheism to Christian belief illuminate and undercut the objections of the new atheists? Christian philosopher Peter S. Williams takes us on an intellectual journey through Lewis' conversion in conversation with today's anti-theists. 'This book shows the breadth, depth, and durability of Lewis's Christian apologetics.' Michael Ward, chaplain at St Peter's College, Oxford 'Peter Williams is a bright, young British philosopher and a skilful debater with whom I had the privilege of partnering in our Cambridge Union Society debate in 2011. I recommend his work enthusiastically.' William Craig, Research Professor of Philosophy at Talbot School of Theology in La Mirada, California.
Checklist for field nurses in Finnish Defence Forces : tool for medical preparations in live fire exercise
A three-level analysis of reactive aggression among children
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. 2
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 4
Strategic security : a constructivist investigation of critical security and strategic organisational learning issues : towards a theory of security development
Questions of faith : a skeptical affirmation of Christianity
Development of cyber security incident handling capability to strengthen cyber defence capacity
Heresy proceedings in Languedoc, 1500-1560
Hitler's fortresses : German fortifications and defences 1939-45
Supranational criminal law : a system sui generis
ABA standards for criminal justice prosecution function and defense function
This thesis seeks to establish an understanding of the consortium co-operation concept and the development thereafter, in the context of the case study, AFDA. AFDA is seeking to develop the internationalization of the defence and aerospace industry in Finland. This is implemented via a collaborative joint effort in the form of a consortium.     The scope is limited to the management and communication aspects. The first focal point, being the management aspects, leading to the development of a management model and its related elements. The second on the communication aspect and needed tools in consortium communication. The aim of this thesis is to build a theoretical framework of how a consortium should be constructed, managed and communication handled within such an entity.     Consortia have been a relatively untouched subject field. This poses both challenges and opportunities in further development of the said field. Plausible consortium management and communication models however can be proposed through the identification of important elements of co-operation, tools for management and communications, stemming from the research of existing consortia. This is implemented via a qualitative approach to research, using AFDA as the case study.    The results showed a degree of similarity to other co-operative concepts as well as new, unique elements. Consortia require various key entities in order to work effectively. Proper and effective communication tools in tandem with ever changing environments are needed to maintain trust and clarity. Most importantly, the establishment of a mutual goal provides alignment of consortium members' objectives. A coherent model thus emerges for both management and communication perspectives.
Among all the arguments for the existence of God there may be none more personal and intimate than C. S. Lewis's Argument from Desire. This book attempts to explain what the Argument from Desire is and why we believe that the argument is an inductively strong one. In the spirit of C. S. Lewis, Augustine, and Pascal, this book invites both the head and the heart of the reader to consider the case for God's existence. While many arguments look out to the external world for evidence of God's existence, this book calls the reader to look inward to the human heart. While learning from classical thinkers (particularly C. S. Lewis) the Argument from Desire will bring both intuition and experience together to demonstrate the truth of divine presence in the world. The reader will walk away with either a newfound faith or a reinforced conviction that has a strong intellectual and experiential dimension.
Defence and regional conversion: the case of Finland
Oral immune defense against chronic hyperplastic candidosis
Reputation : one part of social (media) cohesion also in a military organization
International law. Vol. 5, International law in and of war
Security and defence aspects of the Republic of Serbia's accession to the European Union
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. 6
Deterrence and arms control : American and West German perspectives on INF
Pathways to better bridge defense
World of castles
Collaborative web-based course to learn military English vocabulary on the FDFMoodle platform : how can collaboration based on the KATRIKS-model in military pedagogy be integrated into the course?
Essays in peace research. Vol. 2, Peace, war and defense
Population dynamics and breeding biology in three Turdus species during 40 years in a subalpine birch forest
World war 3 : we are losing it and most of us didn't even know we were fighting in it : information warfare basics
Nest defence in an altricial bird with uniparental care: the influence of offspring age, brood size, stage of the breeding season and predator type
Physcomitrella patens as a model for studies on plant-pathogen interactions
Defensive soccer tactics : how to stop players and teams from scoring
Strategy as discursive construction in the Finnish Defence Forces
Open letter to a new Dutch government : the armed forces at risk
The Roman shore forts : coastal defences of southern Britain
Buying defence and security in Europe : the EU defence and security procurement directive in context
Tje iceman that didn't come : "Projekt Iceworm" abd the search for a NATO deterrment 1960-1962
Neigbour interference in Lapwing Vanellus vanellus nest defence : Brief report
Whose responsibility? : a study of transnational defence rights and mutual recognition of judicial decisions within the EU
Access to file as an element of the rights of defence in competition proceedings
The fifth witness
Summary: Creating an educational and training culture at the Finnish Defence Forces.
Crafting EU security policy : in pursuit of a European identity
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Ecosystem-level consequences of climate warming in tundra under differing grazing pressures by reindeer
Recourse to force : state action against threats and armed attacks
Reconstructing the means of violence : defence restructuring and conversion : COST Action A10
World invasion: battle Los Angeles
Temporal variation and trade-offs in mountain birch leaf chemistry and resistance to herbivores
Social defence : the future of penal reform
The reversal
The dual face of defence : a revision of the concept of defence in the Jus ad Bellum
EU civilian crisis management : the record so far
Host range of lichenivorous moths with special reference to nutritional quality and chemical defence in lichens
The brass verdict
Neither neutral nor non-aligned : the Europeanization of Finland's foreign and security policy
Can warning signals be honest? : wing colouration and the strength of chemical defence in the female wood tiger moth (Parasemia plataginis)
Rogue lawyer
Biological weapons defense : infectious diseases and counterbioterrorism
Experiments on defensive mimicry : linkages between predator behaviour and qualities of the prey
European defence restructuring : military and public view : COST Action A10
Post-cold war conversion in Europe : defence restructuring in the 1990s and the regional dimension
