http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4559 importers
importers
Sustainability and development of green consumer electronic products : the insights of distributors and re-sellers
Tiivistelmä: Distibution and consumer behaviour in St. Petersburg loudspeaker market.
International sales and the middleman : managing your agents and distributors
Perry's department store : an importing simulation
Distributor evaluation model for new markets
The planning of import Thai foods and products to Finland : Case company: RB Foods Oy, Case company: Siam House Oy and Case company: Inex Partners Oy
Sustainability and development of green consumer electronic products : The insights of distributors and re-sellers
Recognizing and analyzing areas of development in international order-delivery chain
Market research and import plan : case Clearbags
Exporting to Finland : a guide book for Zambian agricultural & processed food products : exporters; using coffee and honey as case products : client: Export Board of Zambia (EBZ)
Distribution and consumer behaviour in St. Petersburg loudspeaker market : exploring the demand for Avalanche loudspeakers
This thesis was done in co-operation with Kurki Decoration Oy, a framing company in Turku, interested in widening their product selection with an American packaging product, ClearBags. The purpose of this thesis is to discover whether or not there is a market for ClearBags in the Turku region and to calculate the most cost efficient method of transporting the products from the United States to Finland. Research was conducted by organizing a market research in which the ClearBags products were introduced to different companies around Turku who were then interviewed. The logistics part of the study began after deciding what product sizes would be best to import. Three different product quotations were calculated along with 14 possible transportation routes. The research shows that there is an interest in ClearBags products in the area of Turku. However the market segment is small in size and it is uncertain if it will be able to provide high volume in purchases. The most cost efficient method of product transportation per unit was concluded to be sea transportation in the second order. The most cost efficient method of air transportation was UPS for the second order as well. In conclusion, importing ClearBags to Finland should begin with caution and rational unit amounts, despite the higher unit costs. This is because of the uncertainty of needed product volume. Once the correct target market has been reached we suggest negotiating a better deal with ClearBags, as the unit prices do not further decrease when purchasing larger amounts.
PK Tradesman Tmi  Developing marketing in a multicultural environment
Oy Anglo-Nordic ab 1935-2005 : the Anglo-Nordic story
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to create a précis about globalization and global procurement. The objective was to gather relevant aspects of globalization and global procurement into a studying material. The objectives were to discuss about the aspects of globalizing in general and to summarize topics that need to be taken into consideration in cases of globalizing and conducting global business. The thesis concentrates on globalizing from procurement's point of view. The thesis compiles general information about globalization. The influences and definitions of globalization but also the different methods of globalizing are pondered in the thesis. The thesis also discusses about the hands-on activities that need to be managed in global procurement. Activities beginning from defining the reasons to globalize and selecting suppliers to the methods of payment and importing the products are being undergone in the thesis. In other words purchasing process is undergone from global perspectives. Finland was chosen to be an example country and therefore the thesis studies the globalization of Finnish organizations. Because globalization is studied in the thesis from the procurement's point of view the thesis concentrates also on discussing about Finnish importing thus mainly excluding exporting. The thesis investigates the management of Finnish imports. It also ponders the aspects that should be studied in case of importing to Finland.
Competitive benchmarking in automotive spare parts
Supplier Selection Process: Far East Case Study for MML-Imports Ltd.
Importer satisfaction and loyalty of KHF Finland Oy and how to develop it
Improvement of marketing activity with distributors in Russia
A STUDY OF THE PROFITABILITY OF A CAR IMPORT TO FINLAND
50 years in the service of industry : a pictorial edited, by appointment, for the 50th anniversary of Oy. Mercantile Ab
Globalization and global procurement
The process of importing acupressure wristbands from Canada to Finland
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to create a distributor evaluation model with measurable criteria for a Finnish manufacturing company, which conducts marketing, distribution and after-sales activities in export markets through independent distributors. The company is considering entering new markets and one of the major questions the company has encountered in the market entry phase is: How to evaluate and rank the distributor candidates?  The conceptual framework of the thesis compromised of three parts: Theoretical part, qualitative research and final outcome of the thesis. The theoretical part was built on literature and other sources on distribution management, supply chain management and relationship management. They suggest that relationships are the company's most important asset and that proper risk evaluation, both financial and operational, in the partner selection is necessary as being prepared for problems is more efficient than spending precious time in solving problems ad-hoc.  The empirical research was conducted in three phases. First, the researcher interviewed the sales management in the case company about their expectations for an ideal distributor. The second part was to benchmark successful exporters on their processes in selecting, evaluation and maintaining relationships with their distributors. The third part included the introduction of Analytical Hierarchy Process into a distributor selection process. The Analytic hierarchy process is based on human's ability to make decisions on small problems. Based on the case company's expectations and results from benchmarked companies, an ideal distributor profile was drawn. The profile was finally processed using AHP-online software and an evaluation tool with weight of the criteria was created. The tool was tested by submitting information on candidates that the case company previously evaluated when they searched for a distributor in Russia during 2013. The AHP-process demonstrated much clearer difference between the alternatives and changed final ranking order between positions 2 and 3 compared to the original result.  An ideal distributor is an expert in the industry, has an existing customer base and a variety of completing products to serve the target group. Finally, desire and motivation strives distributor to success. Passivation of a distributor is a most common obstacle that exporters face in their distributor relationships. Regular communication and close relationships help to maintain information exchange and sales on desired level.
