http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4555 pH
pH
Effects of fertilization on the fauna of coniferous forest soil
Influence of different temperature and aeration regulation in strategies on respiration in composting of organic household waste
Acids & bases in food science
pH measurement : fundamentals, methods, applications, instrumentation
Trichloroacetic acid and soil properties in forest environment
Croplife-B is said by the manufacturer to stimulate the production of phytoalexins and to reduce fungal growth in sprayed plants. To investigate the effects of Croplife-B preharvest sprays and increased postharvest carbon dioxide (CO₂) and nitrous oxide (N₂O) concentration on pod quality and shelf life, off-season green bean plants, winter-grown in the warm Jordan Valley, were sprayed twice at a rate of 270 ml/ha Croplife-B. Green bean pods were kept after harvest in 100 kPa N₂O, 20 kPa CO₂ or 60 g dry ice (frozen CO₂) in 120-litre barrels for twenty days. Results indicated that Croplife-B accelerated the production time and reduced mold appearance and development during and after storage when used alone or in combination with CO₂, N₂O or dry ice treatments. Croplife-B did not affect firmness, total soluble solids, pH, titratable acidity, color, volume or moisture-content loss of green bean pods stored at 23-16 degrees C, maximum-minimum ambient temperatures and 88% relative humidity. Nitrous oxide and CO₂ treatments resulted in decreased water loss from the pods and maintained regular pod shape throughout the storage period, with N₂O being the most efficient treatment. Nitrous oxide and CO₂ resulted in improved bean pod coloration at the end of storage time. Firmness and titratable acidity decreased while the pH increased more when beans were treated with N₂O and CO₂ during the storage period than in the dry ice treatment or control. White mold did not appear for 20 days on pods treated with N₂O and CO₂ when stored at 16-23 degrees C and 88% relative humidity. With dry ice treatment the white mold appeared at 10 days of storage. Dry ice treatment reduced the appearance of mold, maintaining it at under 50% for 20 days. The beneficial effect of N₂O and CO₂, coupled with Croplife, in inhibiting the mold continued for 10 days after the bean pods were removed from storage on Day 20. The results of these experiments are consistent with Croplife-B acting as an elicitor of phytoalexins.
Laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding for morbid obesity:primary, intermediate, and long-term results including quality of life studies
Moonlighting proteins of Lactobacillus crispatus : extracellular localization, cell wall anchoring and interactions with the host
The pH sensitive properties of carboxymethyl chitosan nanoparticles cross-linked with calcium ions
Carbonic anhydrase in normal and neoplastic gastrointestinal tissues:with special emphasis on isoenzymes I, II, IX, XII, and XIV
Provningsjämförelse 02/2015 : a-klorofyll, färg, lednindgsförmåga, näringsmäne, pH and grumlighet från naturvatten.
Improved entrapment efficiency of hydrophilic drug substance during nanoprecipitation of poly(l)lactide nanoparticles
Methods of seawater analysis
Seasonal variations in the chemical and functional properties of starches from local and improved cassava varieties in high rainfall region of Nigeria
Pekmez is a traditional Turkish food commonly produced from grape. It can also be produced from fruits containing high amounts of sugar like apple, plum, and apricot. Apple pekmez has been produced from fresh apples in Turkey using traditional techniques. Apple pekmez is produced as either liquid or solid. The acidity of apple juice is not reduced with pekmez soil, or CaCO₃ in sour apple pekmez production. In this study, physical, chemical, and antioxidant properties of solid and sour apple pekmez were determined. For this purpose, thirty samples of pekmez were analysed. Hunter L values of pekmez samples ranged between 15.06 and 24.42. Hunter a value was between +0.32 and +3.81 and b value was between +0.47 and +4.62. Additional analysed characteristics were water activity (0.550-0.867), total soluble solids (65-85%), total sugar content (258.60-739.40 g/kg, reducing sugar (167.20-617.60 g/kg, unreducing sugar (1.80-198.70 g/kg, pH (3.04-4.58), total acidity (9.90-75.30 g/kg, crude protein (2.60-12.40 g/ kg, ash (8.00-28.70 g/kg and hydroxymethyl furfural (23.54-2133.52 mg/kg. Total phenolics value of the pekmez samples ranged between 4603.60 and 14,252.25 mg/kg, and total antioxidant activity (expressed as FRAP values) between 47.34 and 327.86 mmol/g. In this study, the correlation between total acidity, ash, total phenolics values and total antioxidant activity was significant (p<0.01).
Superbugs : microorganisms in extreme environments
pH of streams in western Finland : a perspective from the Middle Ages into the mid 21st century
Climate related changes in temperature, pH and food quality : effects on copepod reproduction
Algae cultivation for wastewater reclamation
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland : 1, Yield responses on clay and loam soils in relation to soil test P values
Hegel's Phenomenology of Spirit, first published in 1807, is a work with few equals in systematic integrity, philosophical originality and historical influence. This collection of essays, contributed by leading Hegel scholars, examines all aspects of the work, from its argumentative strategies to its continuing relevance to philosophical debates. The collection combines close analysis with wide-ranging coverage of the text, and also traces connections with debates extending beyond Hegel scholarship, including issues in the philosophy of language, philosophy of mind, philosophy of action, ethics, and philosophy of religion. In showing clearly that we have not yet exhausted the Phenomenology's insights, it demonstrates the need for contemporary philosophers to engage with Hegel.
Moonlighting proteins of lactobacillus crispatus : extracellular localization, cell wall anchoring and interactions with the host
Distribution of particles of calcium carbonate in the soil matrix and casts of Aporrectodea trapezoides (Duges) and its response to gradients in soil pH
Critical loads of acid deposition for surface water : exploring existing models and a potential alternative for Sweden
Effect of packaging on physical, chemical and sensory attributes of coconut water during storage
Adaptation of semi-domesticated reindeer to emergency feeding = Nödutfodring av renar
Seawater pH as a controlling factor in macroalgal calcification and photosynthesis
Soil acidity
Mineral contents and physicochemical properties of natural honey produced in Al-Qassim region, Saudi Arabia
Under natural conditions, a field trial was introduced to explore influences of soil acidification on availabilities of Cu and Pb and their transferences in soil vertical profiles. Four different levels of simulated acid rain (SAR) were sprayed to the field to acidify the soils so as to observe behaviors of available Cu and Pb. Soil samples were collected from four soil layers: 0-10, 10-20, 20-30 and 30-60 cm. Results indicated that SAR could effectively decrease soil pH of four layers. With the decline of soil pH, contents of available Cu and Pb increased generally and high SAR level resulted in greater increases. In terms of vertical distributions in soil profiles, soil available Cu rose with the depth, indicating a downward movement of Cu to deeper soil layers; while soil available Pb increased only in the layer of 20-30 cm, but decreased dramatically in the deep soil layer (30-60 cm). This suggested that the available Cu was easy to transfer and available Pb was relatively immobile, under the influences of soil acidification. The results also revealed, with the prolongation of soil acidification, contents of soil available Pb increased, whereas contents of soil available Cu decreased, which implied soil available Cu was inclined to be transferred out of soils into groundwater, posing a threat to groundwater system, and soil available Pb was easier to accumulate in soils and be taken up by plants, posing a threat to the food security.
Open Source Automation for Hydroponics : Design, Construction, Programming and Testing
Xylooligosaccharide production from lignocellulosic wastes with Trichoderma longibrachiatum xylanase
Introducing a traditional dairy product Kes: chemical, microbiological, and sensorial properties and fatty acid composition
Effects of simulated acid rain on soil acidification, availabilities and temporal and spatial variations of Cu and Pb in a vegetable field under natural conditions
Effects of air pollutants on chemical characteristics of soil water and groundwater
The aim of this study consists in the presentation of a simple and fast method for myrosinase activity quantification towards sinigrin from the aqueous extracts obtained from black mustard (Brassica nigra) seeds as raw material (SM) or crushed down (CM). The myrosinase activity was determined under different pH (5-8.5), temperature (T=25-85 degrees C) and reaction time ( tau =30-390 minutes) conditions, according to the spectrophotometric method and was expressed depending on the concentration of the glucose resulted from enzymatic reaction. The optimum parameters corresponding to the maximum myrosinase activity in the aqueous extracts of black mustard were the following: pH 7, T 55 degrees C and tau 210 minutes for the crushed down mustard samples and tau 240 minutes for the mustard seeds samples. The myrosinase activity is significantly influenced by the physical state of the vegetable material (raw or crushed down), this values being of 116.3510 micro g glucose/g.min for CM in comparison to the 85.0660 micro g glucose/g.min for SM. The enzymatic hydrolysis reaction of the sinigrin takes place with heat releasing.
Effects of harvesting coniferous stands on site nutrients, acidity and hydrology
Mixing birch in Norway spruce stands : impact on forest floor chemistry with implications for the buffering of acidity and the nutrition of spruce
Spatial variation of mire surface water chemistry and vegetation in northeastern Finland
Effect of packaging materials (transparent and opaque) on physical, chemical and sensory attributes of coconut water during storage were evaluated. Changes in protein content, pH, titratable acidity, turbidity and sensory quality of fresh coconut water in amber (opaque) and transparent bottles and commercially bottled coconut water during 4-day storage under refrigeration (4 degrees C) were assessed. Effect of product packaging was significant (p<=0.05) on pH, turbidity, aroma and taste, but was not significant on protein and titratable acidity. The pH was distinctly higher in commercially bottled coconut water than in fresh samples in amber (opaque) and transparent bottles. Total acidity and turbidity values were lower in commercially bottled coconut water than in fresh coconut water samples. Appearance and aroma scores declined during storage. Commercially bottled coconut water showed higher sensory scores for taste. Storage time within 4 days showed no significant difference on sensory parameters.
Interlaboratory proficiency test 02/2015 : a-chlorophyll, colour, conductivity, nutrients, pH and turbidity in natural waters
Golgi-associated anion exchanger, AE2 : identification, cell type specific targeting and structural role in the Golgi complex
Effects of wood ash fertilization on forest soil chemical properties
Responses of Pinus pinea and P. pinaster seedling roots to substrata at different pH values
Hegel's Phenomenology of Spirit : A Critical Guide
Improvement of lipid stability in aqueous processing of oats
The yield and essential oil content of mint (<em>Mentha ssp.</em>) in Northern Ostrobothnia
Hydroponics : indoor horticulture
Peel and pulp splitting disorder in Mas banana (Musa cv Mas (AA))
Response of soil fauna to fertilization and manipulation of pH in coniferous forests
Removal of nutrients by algae from municipal wastewater contaminated with heavy metals
Spent cabbage juice (SCJ) is a by-product of sauerkraut manufacture. In this study, the potential of SCJ to be used as a growth medium for lactic cultures and probiotic bacteria was evaluated. Lactobacillus plantarum S1, Leuconostoc mesenteroides S4, Lactobacillus plantarum ATCC 10241, Lactobacillus acidophilus LB45 and Lactobacillus casei LB10 all grew well in fresh cabbage juice (FCJ). In fermentations carried out under external pH control (constant pH of 5.8 maintained by alkali addition) in FCJ or SCJ, growth of Leuc. mesenteroides S4 and L. plantarum S1 was similar in both media and reached populations well above 10⁹ CFU/mL. The maximum growth rates of the cultures in FCJ were similar to those in MRS, but biomass levels were higher in MRS. The higher biomass levels reached in MRS were not due to lack of carbohydrates in SCJ because both media were supplemented by glucose and fructose to 25 and 20 g/L, respectively. The addition of 5 g/L yeast extract (YE) or 15 g/L of soy peptones to SCJ did not improve the biomass yields. Some preliminary data suggest that there could be important effects of SCJ lot on biomass production. Automated spectrophotometry could be used to assess the quality of the lots in this respect.
Soil science : methods and applications
Steady-state diffusion in complex amphiphilic films
The effects of soil properties on indigenous Rhizobium population nodulating peas
Plant essential and toxic microelement status in soil and crops can be affected by long-term fertilization practices. The main objective of this paper was to investigate the change of micronutrients and Cd in soil and brown rice after 17-yr cropping and fertilization treatments in Southeast China. The long-term fertilization experiment included treatments with different combinations of N, P, K and pig manure with or without straw incorporated. Soil pH, organic matter, available N, P, K and the contents of Cu, Zn, Fe, Mn and Cd in soil and brown rice were determined. Balanced chemical fertilizers (N, P, K) with the application of manure and incorporation of straw resulted in high available soil N, P, K, which produced highest yield of rice grain among the treatments. Manure application increased total Cu, Zn and Cd by 13-23, 5-8 and 138-162% and soil available Cu, Zn and Cd by 89-123, 61-71% and 212-225%, respectively, compared with their initial status. However, no such difference was observed for total soil Fe and Mn contents after 33 rice seasons. The Cu, Zn, Fe, Mn and Cd contents in brown rice were significantly affected by different longterm fertilization practices. The Cd contents in brown rice in three manure-applied treatments were 3 times (0.26-0.28 mg kg<sup>-1</sup>) as high as that (0.08 mg kg<sup>-1</sup>) in the control treatment, suggesting long-term application of pig manure from intensive livestock farms could result in Cd contents exceeding the upper limit of the criteria (>0.2 mg kg<sup>-1</sup>, National Standard for Food Hygiene). Attention should be paid to potential soil Cd contamination caused by long-term application of pig manure containing heavy metals.
Factors affecting nitrification in European forest soils
Buffer solutions : the basics
Novel function of the skin in calcium metabolism in female and male chickens (Gallus domesticus)
Studies regarding the myrosinase enzymatic activity from black mustard (Brassica nigra) seeds
Reactivity of silicate liming materials from Northern Europe assessed by Soil Incubation and two pH Stat methods
Physical, chemical and antioxidant properties of solid and sour apple pekmez
Effect of sodium bicarbonate, ascorbic acid and salt on the alpha -amylase, gelatinization and yeast activity in the production of flat bread
The characterization of natural honeys produced in different areas of Al-Qassim region, Saudi Arabia, was carried out on the basis of either their physicochemical properties or metal contents. The ranges of physicochemical properties were: moisture 14.45-15.95%, total sugars 58.98-80.60%, pH 3.88-4.58, total acidity 10.90-21.84 meq kg-1, ash content 0.139-0.398% and colour light amber-yellowish. According to these values, honey samples met all national and international specifications. Heavy metal analysis was carried out by using atomic absorption spectrometry to detect pollution in the provinces where the honey samples were collected. Mg was the most abundant element in honey samples followed by Fe, Zn, Mn, Cu, Pb and Cd. All these metals were found in non-significant values and are in safety baseline levels for human consumption.
Intensification of hemicellulose hot-water extraction from spruce wood by parameter tuning
Croplife-B with nitrous oxide or carbon dioxide extends shelf life of green beans (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) at ambient temperatures
Effect of peeling and segmentation on quality of heat-treated white asparagus during storage
Quantitative quantum mechanical analysis of 1H NMR spectra : applications and strategies
Research on the composting technique of Dahuofang reservoir
Golgi pH and glycosylation
Principles and practice of analytical chemistry
Xylooligosaccharide (XO) production was performed by enzymatic hydrolysis of xylans which were obtained by alkali extraction from tobacco stalk (TS), cotton stalk (CS) and wheat straw (WS). Xylan was hydrolyzed using Trichoderma longibrachiatum xylanase preparation, and the effects of pH, temperature, hydrolysis period, substrate and enzyme concentrations on the xylooligosaccharide yield and degree of polymerization were investigated. It was found that these three agricultural wastes contained different amounts of xylan, cellulose and lignin and the xylan obtained from these sources contained different amounts of sugar and uronic acid. The xylan from WS had the highest amount of arabinose while the other xylans mainly had xylose and small amount of glucose. Trichoderma longibrachiatum xylanase hydrolyzed highly branched wheat straw xylan (WSX) better than cotton stalk xylan (CSX) and tobacco stalk xylan (TSX) under favorable conditions (reaction time of 8 h at pH 4.6 and 50 degrees C). The TLC analysis of the hydrolysis products indicated that the hydrolysis product of T. longibrachiatum xylanase contained different amounts of oligosaccharides (X2, X3, X4, X5, X6, X7) with some monosaccharides. Regardless of the structural differences of the xylan types presented in this paper, all xylans generated XO with different degree of polymerization (DP).
Wood ash application in spruce stands : effects on ground vegetation, tree nutrient status and soil chemistry
Standard test method for pH of soils
Evaluation of new fish sauces prepared by fermenting hot-water extraction waste of stock from dried fish using various kojis
Soil properties affecting weed distribution in spring cereal and vegetable fields
Production of lactic acid bacteria on spent cabbage juice
Water quality analysis : the river in the city of Kokkola
Changes of yields, soil properties and micronutrients as affected by 17-yr fertilization treatments
Spatiotemporal influence of different physicochemical variables on pH values within the first 10 meters of the water column of the Archipelago Sea (SW Finland)
The pH and structure of the needle surfaces of Scots pine and Norway spruce
A critical and constructive consideration of representative Protestant Seelsorge (pastoral care) literature, 1946-73, focusing on the understanding and use of psychology in pastoral theology
Handbook of plant growth : pH as the master variable
Long-term effects of enhanced nitrogen and sulphate additions on soil acidification and nutrient cycling in a Norway spruce stand
Formation of biogenic amines in dry sausages : with special reference to raw materials, lactic acid bacteria, pH decrease, temperature and time
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
Effect of NPK fertilization and elemental sulphur on growth and yield of lowbush blueberry
Influence of salt, starch and pH on the electroosmosis dewatering of tomato paste suspension
Plant-soil interactions at low pH : proceedings of the 2nd International symposium on plant-soil interactions at low pH, 24-29 June 1990, Beckley, West Virginia, USA
Abstract.
Optimization of bioactive glass granule rinse
Environmentally benign Fe chelates in plant nutrition
Classification of acid sulphate soils of Finland according to Soil Taxonomy and the FAO/Unesco legend
Acid-base properies of humus layers in northern coniferous forests
Human salivary carbonic anhydrase isoenzyme VI:physiology and association with the experience of dental caries
Treatment of Wastewater from Mineral Processing by using Algae
The geochemistry of podzol soils and its relation to lake water chemistry, Finnish Lapland
Dynamic leach testing of low-  and medium-pH injection grouts to be used in deep repositories : cementitious materials in deep geological repositories
Lactic acid fermentation of fish offal and chicken by-product with different starter cultures
Nitrogen and phosphorus fractions as indicators of organic soil quality
Properties of top soil and the relationship between soil and trees in a boreal Scots pine stand
Cadmium in arable crops : the influence of soil factors and liming
pH Measurement in High Ionic Strength Brines : Calibration of a combined glass electrode to obtain accurate pH measurements for use in a coupled single pass SWRO boron removal model
Summary.
Studies on gold nanorods and luminescence enhancement
The constitution of Vietnam : a contextual analysis
Role of altered pH homeostasis and hypoxia in the phenotypic changes of cancer cells
Tomatoes (Lycopersicon esculentum) are good sources of antioxidants, such as lycopene, which have been shown to be beneficial for health. Careful drying of tomatoes can concentrate antioxidants and provide a tasty food product that can help to reduce the incidence of cancers and cardiovascular diseases. Semi-drying to a final dry matter content of 20% at 40 degrees C followed by smoking was used to produce a new tomato product. Colour, pH, titratable acidity and lycopene, vitamin C and total phenol content and antioxidant activity of two tomato cultivars (Caluna and Toronto) were determined on fresh, dried or smoked samples and on final products made from the two different cultivars. The pH of the fresh and final products were very similar (overall mean 4.43+or-0.02) while the titratable acidity of the final product increased to a mean of 1.24% citric acid compared to the fresh tissue mean of 0.47% citric acid. The drying process increased the extracted lycopene content from a mean of 94.4 mg/100 g DM in the fresh tomatoes to 126.4 mg/100 g DM in the semi-dried tomatoes. In contrast, the total phenols were reduced from a mean of 255 mg GAE/100 g DM in the fresh tomatoes to a mean of 214 mg GAE/100 g DM in the semi-dried tomatoes. The mean vitamin C content of the fresh tissue was 313 mg/100 g DM with 32 mg/100 g DM retained in the dried tissue. The overall mean antioxidant capacity of the dried product was increased by the drying and processing treatments to a mean of 2373 ABTS ( micro M Trolox/100 g DM). Measurement of the colour of the dried products showed the typical red colour of the tomatoes was retained during processing. Panellists evaluated three tomato products made from the cultivars Caluna and Toronto for appearance, colour, taste and overall acceptance. In contrast to many commercial products, the colour of the new tomato products was similar to the original fresh tomatoes. Panellists preferred the dried and smoked Toronto product sprayed with white vinegar. A new smoked tomato product containing health promoting antioxidants was produced.
The present work investigated the possibility of utilization of white asparagus spear segments as a minimally processed product. Freshly harvested spears (cv. Dariana) were subjected to hot water treatment (by immersion in water at 55 degrees C for 3 min), followed by peeling (or left unpeeled-control), cutting in 7 cm segments (tip, upper, mid, lower and base) and tray-packaging (with a 16 micro m stretch film) before storage at 3 degrees C for 6 days. Peeled segments accumulated less CO₂ and ethylene during storage and had decreased lightness and chroma as well as higher hue angle values than the unpeeled segments. Tip segments accumulated more CO₂ and ethylene during storage and had higher soluble solids content, titratable acidity, antioxidant capacity and color attributes of less lightness or higher chroma and hue angle values than the mid and base segments. Spear segments showed lower pH and titratable acidity, higher antioxidant capacity and lower chroma and hue angle values after storage. The sensory evaluation showed that the peeled segments tended to retain better color, flavor, texture and overall acceptability than the peeled ones. The tip segments had higher bitterness but lower color and overall acceptability scores than the bottom segments. The mean overall acceptability scores of all segments, however, were above the borderline indicating that they can be utilized as an unpeeled or peeled minimally processed product.
Making of flat bread necessitates special characteristics in flour and dough. Sodium bicarbonate, vitamin C and salt frequently are used as additives in the production. The study aimed to investigate the influence of these additions on the alpha -amylase, yeast activity and gelatinization. Four levels of sodium bicarbonate, vitamin C and salt were studied to compare with the no addition treatments. Both sodium bicarbonate and vitamin C alter the pH of dough significantly at <i>P</i><=0.05 while salt does not. CO<sub>2</sub> production during fermentation declined by the addition of tested levels of sodium bicarbonate 21% at 3600 mg/kg level, vitamin C 9.7% at 1500 mg/kg level and salt 37% at 3% level. The alpha -amylase activity was elevated by lowering falling number about 21% at 3600 mg/kg of sodium bicarbonate and 38% at 1500 mg/kg of vitamin C while gelatinization maximum units enlarged about 60% at 3600 mg/kg of sodium bicarbonate and 52% at 1500 mg/kg of vitamin C. Salt dropped off the activity of alpha -amylase by mounting of the falling number about 8 at 3% of salt whereas the gelatinization maximum units augmented around 36%. Temperatures in the gelatinization maximum were not altered by the addition of the tested levels but gelatinization temperatures increased from 53 to 54 degrees C by all salt levels and decreased to 51 degrees C by all levels of vitamin C. The alpha -amylase, yeast activity and gelatinization have a good relationship with pH of the dough.
The aim was to investigate the chemical and functional properties of starches produced from 39 different cassava varieties (36 varieties resistant to cassava mosaic disease and three checks TMS 30572, 4(2) 1425 and 82/00058) in two planting seasons at the experimental farm of the International Institute of Tropical Agriculture, Onne, Rivers State, Nigeria. Varieties screened showed significant seasonal and varietal differences (p<0.05) in all the properties over two harvesting seasons. Amylose content ranged from 19.25 to 25.08% in Year 1 and from 16.19 to 20.29% in Year 2; amylopectin ranged from 77.88 to 79.71% in Year 1 and from 80.75 to 83.71% in Year 2. Protein content ranged from 0.7 to 1.06% in Year 1 and from 0.06 to 0.34% in Year 2. Sugar content ranged from 0.39 to 1.45% in Year 1 and from 0.52 to 1.13% in Year 2. Starch damage ranged from 0.81 to 1.67% in Year 1 and from 0.58 to 0.89% in Year 2. pH ranged from 3.73 to 6.88 in Year 1 and from 5.25 to 9.30 in Year 2. Moisture content ranged from 7.47 to 14.55% in Year 1 and from 7.51 to 15.52% in Year 2. Ash content ranged from 0.05 to 0.36% in Year 1 and from 0.03 to 0.77% in Year 2. Starch content ranged from 61.36 to 91.78% in Year 1 and from 64.67 to 84.21% for Year 2. Dispersibility ranged from 79.50 to 87% in Year 1 and from 79.50 to 85.50% in Year 2. Swelling power ranged from 10.91 to 17.47% in Year 1 and 8.57 to 14.28% in Year 2. Solubility index ranged from 4.68 to 26.36% in Year 1 and from 2.07 to 14.36% in Year 2. Color ranged from 85.05 to 94.49% in Year 1 and from 90.27 to 92.96% in Year 2. The study therefore showed significant genotypic and seasonal variations in the chemical and functional properties of native starches from cassava.
Occurrence of Plasmodiophora brassicae in Finnish turnip rape and oilseed rape fields
Nonenzymatic browning in amorphous food models: effects of glass transition and  water
Movement of some heavy metals in poorly drained fadama soils in the Southern Guinea savannah zone of Nigeria
The aim of this thesis was to optimize a downstream method, the rinsing of bioactive glass granules. The thesis was commissioned by BonAlive Biomaterials Ltd. All experimental work was performed within the company premises. BonAlive Biomaterials manufactures products for bone regeneration, for example bioactive glass granules for bone cavity filling. The company was preparing for a production scale-up which created the need for this thesis. The primary concern was the powder generated in the production process of milling and sieving the granules to a smaller diameter. This powder attaches to the surface of the granules. The effects of the powder are not documented regarding the working mechanism of bioactive glass. It was desired to preserve the bioactivity of the granules whilst raising the amount of granules in a single rinse and decreasing time required for the rinsing procedure. The old method of rinsing utilized an empty ball mill to loosen the dust. The granules were submerged in ethanol and placed in the container of the mill. This step in the process was deemed too time consuming. After the washing of the granules with the mill, the granules were placed on a sieve and rinsed using a squeeze bottle. One goal of this thesis was to remove the mill from the rinsing process. A novel rinsing method using a diaphragm pump and a shower head was developed. Two sets of tests were designed, one to measure the effect of the glass powder on the pH of bioactive glass granules in TRIS solution, and another to test the efficiency of the novel method for removing powder from the granules.The possible effects of excess powder were researched. It was discovered that the powder generated in normal production of granules does not affect the pH level of bioactive glass. It was also discovered that the developed rinsing method removes most of the glass powder attached to the granules. The new method is superior to the old one as it cuts the time used per rinse to 1/5 of the original time. The amount of granules rinsed per batch also rose from to 2.5 times when compared to the old method.
Globus and dysphagia - clinical features and diagnostics
Analytical chemistry
Acidic pH and acidic enzymes in atherosclerosis
Soil formation processes in the gangue heaps resulted in surface mining in Cluj County (Romania)
Clubroot, caused by Plasmodiophora brassicae Woronin, is a serious plant disease of cruciferous plants. A field survey of occurrence of clubroot in oilseed fields was conducted in Finland in 2007−2009 and in 1984−1989. At present, the disease is distributed throughout the oilseed cultivation area. Clubroot was found on average from 30% of fields, but its severity was low; fields with high numbers of infected plants and plants with severe symptoms were rare. According to the survey, cultivation frequency of cruciferous plants is the most important factor affecting clubroot occurrence and severity. Clubroot was found in soils with a wide range of pH-values (pH 5-7.6), but symptoms were most severe at low pH. According to the survey, and greenhouse and field trials, high temperature and moisture during the early growth period seem to favour disease development and can cause significant yield losses. In a survival trial, clubroot declined to close to zero after four years in the absence of host plants, but traces of the pathogen were still detectable after a 19-year trial period, making eradication of the pathogen very difficult.
Strategic feeding : a tool in the control of technological pork quality
Oxygen uptake, acid-base balance and hormonal responses in maximal 300 - 400 m running in child, adolescent and adult athletes
The buffering capacity of porcine muscles
The main objective of present study was to investigate the effect of type and concentration of two emulsion components, namely glycerol (0.5, 1 and 1.5% w/w) and vegetable oil (2, 3 and 4% w/w), on average droplet size, polydispersity index, electrophoretic mobility, pH, cloudiness, density and stability of beverage emulsion. The results indicated that the physicochemical properties of beverage emulsions were significantly (p<0.05) influenced by the addition of different concentration levels of supplementary emulsion components. The magnitude of all physicochemical properties significantly (p<0.05) increased with increasing the concentration of glycerol from 0.5 to 1.5% (w/w). On the other hand, the increase in vegetable oil content resulted in significant (p<0.05) increase in polydispersity index, cloudiness and stability of beverage emulsion; while a significant (p<0.05) reduction in average droplet size and density was observed with increasing the proportion of vegetable oil in basic emulsion formulation. The addition of glycerol resulted in significant (p<0.05) increase in average droplet size as compared to the control sample and vegetable oil-contained beverage emulsions. The present observation could be due to the positive effect of glycerol on the viscosity of beverage emulsion, thereby reducing the efficiency of homogenization and emulsification processes. The addition of both supplementary components led to undesirable effect on the homogeneity (i.e. higher PDI) of beverage emulsions. Electrophoretic mobility significantly (p<0.05) increased as the concentration of glycerol or vegetable oil was increased. The significant (p<0.05) effect of glycerol or vegetable oil on electrophoretic mobility was found to be pH dependent. The results showed that pH value was significantly increased with increasing glycerol or vegetable oil content, thus increasing the degree of electrophoretic mobility.
The effect of low salt content and low pH value on the water binding capacity of cooked sausage
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
Diversity of water chemistry and vegetation of mires in the Kainuu region, middle boreal Finland
Soil acidity and plant growth
Response of Dendrobaena octaedra (Lumbricidae) and Cognettia sphagnetorum (Enchytraeidae) to moisture, pH and resource addition
Acidification trends in Sweden : an assessment of past water chemistry conditions using lake sediments
Proficiency test SYKE 2/2013 : Chlorophyll a, colour, conductivity, nutrients, pH and turbidity in natural waters
Physicochemical properties of beverage emulsion as function of glycerol and vegetable oil contents
pH of streams in western Finland : a perspective from the Middle Ages into teh mid 21st century
Functional and immunohistological studies on cancer-associated carbonic anhydrase IX
Environmental factors and Carpathian spring fen vegetation : the importance of scale and temporal variation
Dynamics of nutrients in slash and burn agroforestry in Koli National Park
Successional and spatial patterns of bacterial communities in hydrocarbon-contaminated soils and Populus rhizosphere
In this study, it was aimed to determine the chemical, biochemical, microbiological and sensorial characteristics and fatty acid composition of Kes, traditionally produced in Bolu province in Turkey. The information on production of 'Kes' was collected from Bolu province in Turkey. Moreover, 20 samples were taken from the local bazaars in different periods in Bolu. These samples were taken to the laboratory, and the intended analyses were carried out. Also sensorial characteristics were described. In traditional way, first the cream of the milk is separated, and then it is processed for the yogurt. The yogurt is transferred in a cloth sack and allowed draining for one night. After that the content of the sack is dry salted and processed to obtain a cubic shape, which is called 'Kes', then dried under room temperature, or yogurt is churned and the whey (in Turkish, Ayran) is heated until content of the whey is precipitated. Then the precipitate is drained well and salted. After that some part of the salted precipitate is taken, shaped as cubic or conic and dried under room conditions. In the Kes samples, mean dry matter was 61.59%, ash 13.66%, protein 32.42%, fat 6.30%, salt 13.26%, acidity 0.22% and pH 3.81. The mean ripening degree was 5.76% and lipolysis value 3.62 ADV (acid degree value) for Kes samples. Microbiological analysis showed that the mean number of total aerobic bacteria was 4.50 log cfu/g, molds and yeasts 3.99 log cfu/g, <i>Lactobacillus</i> spp. 3.80 log cfu/g and <i>Streptococcus</i> spp. 3.41 log cfu/g. The Kes samples contained neither coliform bacteria nor <i>E. coli</i>. Water activity (a<sub>w</sub>) of the Kes samples was 0.74 as mean of total samples. The color and appearance of Kes samples was dull-white, the structure was hard, and smell was acidic. The taste of the Kes samples was salty and acidic. The shapes of the samples were cubic, rectangular, triangle and conic. The predominant free fatty acids in the Kes samples were palmitic (C16:0) and oleic (C18:1) acids, followed by stearic (C18:0) and myristic (C14:0) acids.
Acceptability and antioxidant properties of a semi-dried and smoked tomato product
The paper presents the soil formation processes that take place in the gangue heaps resulted from iron mining ore at Capus quarry, Cluj County, Romania. The gangue which resulted was transported and piled up into heaps, without uncovering and a selective separation of the layers, such a low-fertility material resulted. This heap was partially levelled and used in plantation of pine (Pinus sylvestris), perennial gramineae (Lolium perenne, Dactylis glomerata, Phleum pratense), locust (Robinia pseudacacia) and spruce fir (Picea abies). After 25 years of recultivating, profiles were opened under the pine and gramineae plantations and physical and chemical analyses were carried out and compared to those of the initial heap. An evolution of the main pedogenetical indices (pH, humus, total nitrogen and mobile phosphorus and potassium) was observed in both of the studied profiles. The results show that after 25 years of planting the gangue heap with the two cultures, some layers of soil were formed, which, in a certain extent, have characteristics of the pedogenetic horizons, the evolution of the entianthrosoils towards a certain soil type being evident. The soil towards which these entianthrosoils evolve is of the Regosoil type.
Patterns of lake acidity and waterfowl communities
After hot-water extraction of stock from dried fish, most of the waste is usually discarded. However, the waste still contains nutritional components and in this study, an investigation was done to use this waste product to prepare good quality sauce. A new type of fish sauce was developed using hot-water extraction waste of stock from dried fish, and chemical analysis (pH, total nitrogen content, free amino acids, odor ingredients) and sensory analysis of the fish sauce was done. The fish sauce was prepared by fermenting the hot-water extraction waste of stock from dried fish using koji  produced from rice, wheat, soybean, and barley. Sensory evaluation of these sauces revealed good umami (savory taste) with a flavor unlike that of conventional fish sauce. Chemical analysis of the prepared fish sauce indicated that fermentation with soybean koji influences taste, whereas fermentation with rice, wheat or barley koji influences flavor. Therefore, the combination of koji mold is important for controlling the taste and flavor of fish sauce. Furthermore, changes in the components and sensory evaluation of fish sauce were observed over time. It was observed that a steep change occurred, and high-quality fish sauce was obtained after six months of fermentation.
Influence of surface chemical factors on rheology and structure formation of concentrated pigment suspensions and coating colours
Vegetation ecology and flooding dynamics of boreal aro wetlands
