http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4550 processing
processing
From polymorph screening to dissolution testing : solid phase analysis during pharmaceutical development and manufacturing
Sorting and processing of neutrophil granule proteins
The world atlas of coffee : from beans to brewing - coffees explored, explained and enjoyd
Natural gas : fuel for the 21st century
Audio-oral speech and visuo-manual sign language as used by the Deaf community are two very different realizations of the human linguistic communication system. Sign language is not only used by the hearing impaired but also by different groups of hearing individuals. To date, there is a great discrepancy in scientific knowledge about signed and spoken languages. Particularly little is known about the integration of the two systems, even though the vast majority of deaf and hearing signers also have a command of some form of speech. This neurolinguistic study aimed to achieve basic knowledge about semantic integration mechanisms across speech and sign language in hearing native and non-native signers.Basic principles of sign processing as reflected in electrocortical brain activation and behavioral decisions were examined in three groups of study participants: Hearing native signers (children of deaf adults, CODAs), hearing late learned signers (professional sign language interpreters), and hearing non-signing controls. Event-related brain potentials (ERPs) and behavioral response frequencies were recorded while the participants performed a semantic decision task for priming lexeme pairs. The lexeme pairs were presented either within speech (spoken prime-spoken target) or across speech and sign language (spoken prime-signed target). Target-related ERP responses were subjected to temporal principal component analyses (tPCA). The neurocognitive basis of semantic integration processes were assessed by analyzing different ERP components (N170, N400, late positive complex) in response to the antonymic and unrelated targets. Behavioral decision sensitivity to the target lexemes is discussed in relation to the measured brain activity.Behaviorally, all three groups of study participants performed above chance level when making semantic decisions about the primed targets. Different result patterns, however, hinted at three different processing strategies. As the target-locked electrophysiological data was analyzed by PCA, for the first time in the context of sign language processing, objectively allocated ERP components of interest could be explored. A little surprisingly, the overall study results from the sign-naïve control group showed that they performed in a more content-guided way than expected. This suggested that even non-experts in the field of sign language were equipped with basic skills to process the cross-linguistically primed signs. Behavioral and electrophysiological study results together further brought up qualitative differences in processing between the native and late learned signers, which raised the question: can a unitary model of sign processing do justice to different groups of sign language users?
Chemical, enzymatic and physical characteristic of cloudy apple juices
Food processing : principles and applications
Catalytic depolymerisation of starch-based industrial waste : use of non-conventional activation methods and novel reaction media
Microfiltration in cheese and whey processing
Processing and decoding the signal in speech perception
Food processing technology : principles and practice
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Mycotoxins in Nuts and Dried Fruits : Damghan, Iran September 6-8, 2011
Friction stir welding and processing : science and engineering
The future of trauma theory : contemporary literary criticism
Large engineering projects are executed by a network of heterogeneous organisations. In order to be effective, risk management in large engineering projects needs to take the perspective of the entire project network instead of focusing on risk management practices of single actors. Contextual factors such as complexity of the project network and the challenging institutional environment pose additional challenges to risk management. The purpose of this study is to increase the understanding of the sources of risks in engineering project networks and the role of risk sources in determining risk management practices. The perspective of information processing theory is used. The role of equivocality and uncertainty as organisations’ rationales for processing information is examined to gain new insights into the selection of appropriate risk management practices. Literature introduces relational contracting as a response to the need for collaboration in project networks. In this study collaborative risk management practices in the workshop-type meeting and in the project alliance were studied. A qualitative research method was employed to study the nature of risk sources, the role of risk sources in determining risk management practices and collaborative risk management practices.The results of this study enhance the understanding of the nature of risks in engineering project networks. The current project risk management literature proposes that contextual factors related to technology, organising projects and environment increase uncertainty in projects. This study shows that it is relevant to categorise risk sources based on their contingency factors related to uncertainty (lack of information) and to equivocality (the existence of multiple interpretations). It is shown how risk sources impact the selection of project risk management practices. Collaborative risk mana gement practices of workshop-type meeting and project alliance are depicted.Project-based companies and organisations executing investment projects can benefit from the results of this study. This study can guide managers when developing practices to enhance risk management. This study shows how informal risk management practices should be considered in addition to the traditional formal risk management practices, particularly in cases when projects confront situations of equivocality.
Dairy bacteriology
Catalytic depolymerisation of starch-based industrial waste:use of non-conventional activation methods and novel reaction media
Germination : a means to improve the functionality of oat
Occurrence and properties of steryl ferulates and glycosides in wheat and rye
Drying milk and milk products
Making it : manufacturing techniques for product design
The dry-line method in bast fibre production
Information processing view on collaborative risk management practices in project networks
Quality of Linum usitatissimum L. (flax and linseed) and Cannabis sativa L. (fibre hemp) during the production chain of fibre raw material for thermal insulations
Signs in the brain: Hearing signers’ cross-linguistic semantic integration strategies
Digital control system analysis and design
"This book comprehensively addresses the sources of allergenic contaminants in foods, their fate during processing, and the specific measures that need to be taken to minimize their occurrence in foods"--
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
Proceedings of the Fourth International Date Palm Conference : Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, March 15-17, 2010
Proceedings of the 25th International Dairy Congress, Aarhus 21 - 24 September 1998. 2, Dairy science and technology
Gas sweetening and processing field manual
Abstracts of the 11th international rapeseed congress, Copenhagen, Denmark, 6.-10. July 2003 : Towards enhanced value of cruciferous oilseed crops by optimal production and use of the high quality seed components
The milk fat globule : emulsion science as applied to milk products and comparable foods
Non-enzymatic degradation of (1→3)(1→4)-β-D-glucan in aqueous processing of oats
Leveraging emotion and word-based features for antisocial behavior detection in user-generated content
Coordinated beamforming in cellular and cognitive radio networks
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 4, Ripened semisoft cheeses
Der Becker : 2nd issue : shaped wood compendium
"This book comprehensively addresses the sources of allergenic contaminants in foods, their fate during processing, and the specific measures that need to be taken to minimize their occurrence in foods. The book provides up-to-date information on the nine major allergens (as well as other emerging allergens) and practical guidelines on how these allergens can be identified and controlled during production and processing. Starting with an introduction to food allergens, the book follows with sections on food allergen management during production and processing, guidelines for the processing of specific allergen-free foods, techniques for hypo-allergenization and allergen detection, and allergen-free certification"--
From wheat to bread
Wastewater sludge processing
Knowledge cartography : software tools and mapping techiniques
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on Edible Alliaceae, Fukuoja, Japan May 21-24, 2012
Modern dairy technology. Vol. 1, Advances in milk processing
Food and package engineering
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 1, The microbiology of milk
Water consumption and wastewaters in fresh-cut vegetable production
Dry fine grinding of Norway spruce (Picea abies) wood in impact-based fine grinding mills
Glass : mechanics and technology
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 6, Lactic starter culture technology
In this study cloudy juices from six apple cultivars: 'Alwa', 'Fiesta', 'Gloster', 'Golden Delicious', 'Mutsu' and 'Pinova' were characterized in respect of polyphenols content by UPLC, PME (pectin methylesterase) activity, color, viscosity, and stability of turbidity. Apple cultivar affected significantly the chemical, enzymatic and physical properties of juices. Total quantitated polyphenols ranged from 686.63 mg l-1 ('Gloster') to 988.63 mg l-1 ('Alwa'), and polymeric proanthocyanidins were a dominant group of these compounds. All of products contained also high content of phenolic acids, mainly chlorogenic. The thermal treatment of juices did not cause a complete inactivation of pectin methylesterase. Taking into account the % of residual enzyme activity, the pasteurization was more efficient in the case of 'Fiesta' and 'Pinova' juices (13% and 14% of the initial activity, respectively). Examined juices were characterized by low values of a stable turbidity (18.07-37.75%), despite relatively high viscosity (2.40-9.60 mPas).
Healthy food, healthy gut, happy child : the real dirt on raising healthy kids in a processed world
VTT research programme on minimal processing : evaluation report
Probabilistic methods for bionformatics : with an introduction to Bayesian networks
Egg and poultry-meat processing
Advanced materials & processes
Variation of phytosterols and steryl ferulates in wheat grains and fractions
Ultrafiltration and reverse osmosis for the dairy industry
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 7, Blue-veined cheeses
Sentence processing
Biophysico-chemical processes involving natural nonliving organic matter in environmental systems
Analyzing cognitive fatigue in well preserved MS patients using three different approaches
Increasing process understanding of wet granulation by spectroscopic methods and dimension reduction tools
Folates in rye : determination and enhancement by food processing
Fundamentals of food reaction technology
Aroma and flavor in liquid beet sugar processing
Dry fine grinding of Norway spruce (<em>Picea abies</em>) wood in impact-based fine grinding mills
Textile processing with enzymes
Allergen management in the food industry
Alternatives to conventional food processing
Manufacturing engineering and management
Chemical and functional properties of food components
Antigen uptake and intracellular processing in B cells
Fundamentals of control technology
Signs in the brain: hearing signers' cross-linguistic semantic integration strategies
Marketing of Brazil nuts : a case study from Brazil prepared for the Forest Products Division
Trichoderma reesei cellulases in processing of cotton
Thermoforming : a practical guide
Oxidative stability of phytosterols in food models and foods
Processing for prosperity
This book explains how designing, playing and modifying computer games, and understanding the theory behind them, can strengthen the area of digital humanities. This book aims to help digital humanities scholars understand both the issues and also advantages of game design, as well as encouraging them to extend the field of computer game studies, particularly in their teaching and research in the field of virtual heritage. By looking at re-occurring issues in the design, playtesting and interface of serious games and game-based learning for cultural heritage and interactive history, this book highlights the importance of visualisation and self-learning in game studies and how this can intersect with digital humanities. It also asks whether such theoretical concepts can be applied to practical learning situations. It will be of particular interest to those who wish to investigate how games and virtual environments can be used in teaching and research to critique issues and topics in the humanities, particularly in virtual heritage and interactive history.
Proceedings of the Southeast Asia Symposium on Quality Management in Postharvest Systems in Conjunction with Asia-Pasific Symposium on Postharvest Quality Management of Root and Tuber Crops : Bangkok, Thailand February 21-24, 2012
Mind and nature : a necessary unity
Composition and structure of barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) grain in relation to end uses
Modern dairy technology. Vol. 2, Advances in milk products
Understanding idioms : a study on idiom understanding and processing strategies with two groups of University of Helsinki language centre students
The technology and manufacture of fermented milks : a collection of lectures about fermented milks held by the FAO in association with Finland
Joint models for longitudinal and time-to-event data : with applications in R
Controlled water use is an important component of sustainable fresh-cut vegetable production because of limited water resources, and also for controlling the quality of wastewater re-used in vegetable processing or for irrigating on fields. In our study the water consumption in vegetable processing plants varied from 1.5 to 5.0 m3 t-1 of finished product. In one plant, monitored over three years, almost 90% of water was used for washing and rinsing of vegetables, but more than 90% of the organic load of the wastewater was generated from the processing stage. The results including organic load and the microbial quality of the wastewaters showed that the wastewater should be treated beforere-use.Separate treating of wastewaters from processing stage is recommended.  Pre-treatment of wastewater using precipitation chemicals and sedimentation in basins decreased the organic load and total solids in the water, allowing further treatment of the waters.
Large-scale high-performance video surveillance
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 3, Cottage cheese and other cultured milk products
Think-aloud protocols in the study of the translation process
Relating microstructure, sensory and instrumental texture of processed oat
Handbook of Food Science, Catering Technology and Kitchen Management
Rationalization with handling technology
Mineral processing plant design, practice, and control : proceedings, Vol. 2
Kaizen assembly : designing, constructing, and managing a lean assembly line
Extrusion blow molding
High pressure processing of foods
Personality affects musical emotion processing : an fMRI-study
The heart and the bottle
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 5, Swiss cheese varieties
Critical gaming : interactice history and virtual heritage
Live sound PA for performing musicians
Role of lipid reactions in quality of oat products
Vegetable processing
Cheese-making by full concentration of milk with membrane filtration and evaporation
Industrial gases processing
"Preface Joint models for longitudinal and time-to-event data have become a valuable tool in the analysis of follow-up data. These models are applicable mainly in two settings: First, when focus is in the survival outcome and we wish to account for the effect of an endogenous time-dependent covariate measured with error, and second, when focus is in the longitudinal outcome and we wish to correct for nonrandom dropout. Due to their capability to provide valid inferences in settings where simpler statistical tools fail to do so, and their wide range of applications, the last 25 years have seen many advances in the joint modeling field. Even though interest and developments in joint models have been widespread, information about them has been equally scattered in articles, presenting recent advances in the field, and in book chapters in a few texts dedicated either to longitudinal or survival data analysis. However, no single monograph or text dedicated to this type of models seems to be available. The purpose in writing this book, therefore, is to provide an overview of the theory and application of joint models for longitudinal and survival data. In the literature two main frameworks have been proposed, namely the random effects joint model that uses latent variables to capture the associations between the two outcomes (Tsiatis and Davidian, 2004), and the marginal structural joint models based on G estimators (Robins et al., 1999, 2000). In this book we focus in the former. Both subfields of joint modeling, i.e., handling of endogenous time-varying covariates and nonrandom dropout, are equally covered and presented in real datasets"--
The high pressure dairy homogenizer
Salmon by-product proteins
Human β1-adrenergic receptor : biosynthesis, processing and the carboxyl-terminal polymorphism
Processing of sound rise time in children and adults with and without reading problems
Structural investigations and processing of electronically and protonically conducting polymers
The impact of genetic background and cultivation methods on the bioactive compounds and sensory properties of strawberries
Der Becker : shaped wood compendium
Reed Canary Grass project : (Phalaris arundinacea) : development of a new crop production system based on delayed harvesting and a system for its combined processing to chemical pulp and bio fuel powder : contract no. AIR3-CT94-2465 : final report
Automotive engineering : lightweight, functional, and novel materials
