http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4568 circulatory system
circulatory system
Advanced cardiovascular exercise physiology
Taurine 8. Volume 1 : the nervous system, immune system, diabetes and the cardiovascular system
Clinical anatomy & physiology for veterinary technicians
Cardiac growth and regeneration
Hypertension in the older adult
Heart
First aid manual : the authorised manual of St. John Ambulance, St. Andrew's Ambulance Association and the British Red Cross
The Science of gymnastics
Essentials of cardiopulmonary physical therapy
The effect of intrauterine growth restriction on long-term outcome in very or extremely low birth weight infants
Fine particles in urban air : exposure and cardiovascular health effects
Microscopic investigations into the capillaries of newborn, especially premature infants, : taking into account the sensitivity of capillaries to adrenalin and their intravascular red cell aggregation
The cardiovascular system : evaluation at rest and during exercise
"This guide comprehensively covers everything from theory to practical application examples of modeling and simulation techniques of human physiology for medical engineers"--Provided by publisher.
Concurrent endurance and strength training : neuromuscular, cardiorespiratory and hormonal effects of the exercise order in previously untrained and recreationally endurance trained men
Real anatomy 1.0
An introduction to cardiovascular physiology
Heart and blood circulatory problems
Assessing heart rate in physical education
Lower limb atherosclerotic disease causes various deteriorations of patients' health-related quality of life
Respiratory care anatomy and physiology : foundations for clinical practice
Color atlas and textbook of human anatomy. 2, Internal organs
High-risk patients and high-risk grafts in infrainguinal bypass for critical limb ischaemia
Form and function in birds. 2
Acute neuromuscular, cardiorespiratory and endocrine responses and chronic adaptations to combined strength and endurance training in recreationally endurance trained men and women
How motivation affects cardiovascular response : mechanisms and applications
Fish physiology. 4, The nervous system, circulation and respiration
Mutation analysis of TGF-β signaling pathway genes among Finnish patients with primary pulmonary hypertension and hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 6, The internal organs
Pocket radiologist : vascular : top 100 diagnoses
Lysyl oxidases : cloning and characterization of the fourth and the fifth human lysyl oxidase isoenzymes, and the consequences of a targeted inactivation of the first described lysyl oxidase isoenzyme in mice
Measurement in physical therapy
The role of catechol-o-methyltransferase (COMT) and the effects of COMT inhibition in brain and in cardiovascular and renal pathophysiology
Control and regulation of transport phenomena in the cardiac system
Long-term effects of stroke
Extracellular matrix and its turnover in murine cardiovascular system in normal and transgenic mice
Vascular and interventional radiology : the requisites
The only EKG book you'll ever need
The book discusses new concepts and findings in the field of pulmonary function. This function is notably associated with spirometry and gas exchange at the lungs. The technique of spirometry, its clinical meaning, and reference values have all been refined over decades of its use. Although spirometry remains ancillary in diagnosis-making, it seems hardly replaceable in monitoring of lung disease progression and treatment efficacy. Pulmonary function goes far beyond spirometry. It encompasses interactions with the cardiovascular system, sleep disordered breathing, etiological factors like occupational bio aerosol exposure or cigarette smoke related issues. Pulmonary function may crumple in any respiratory ailment, the case in point being all too often respiratory tract infections. Chapters contribute to the latest thinking on molecular mechanisms underpinning pulmonary function, on patient care and attempt to keep up-to-date with current clinical and research progress. The book will be of interest to both clinicians and biomedical researchers.
Seismocardiography : practical implementation and feasibility
Emergency care and transportation of the sick and injured : student workbook
Cardiorespiratory and motor coordination
Principles of anatomy and physiology
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physical knowledge and concepts. Sect. 2, The cardiovascular system : vol. 1 : The heart
Phlebotomy handbook : blood collection essentials
Effects of risk factor targeted lifestyle counselling intervention on quality of lifestyle counselling and on adherence to lifestyle change in stroke patients
Cytokine responses and anti-inflammatory strategies in coronary artery bypass grafting
Function of aortic baroreceptors in different haemodynamic conditions
Introduction to the anatomy and physiology of children
Cardiovascular and pulmonary physical therapy : an evidence-based approach
Physiology of sport and exercise
The heart : arteries and veins
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations. Vol. 5, A compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy and physiology, embryology, and diseases of the heart
Modeling and simulation in biomedical engineering : applications in cardiorespiratory physiology
Cardiovascular and pulmonary physical therapy : evidence and practice
Platelet-derived growth factor receptor inhibition reduces allograft arteriosclerosis of heart and aorta in cholesterol-fed rabbits
Cardiovascular and pulmonary physical therapy : a clinical manual
Cardiovascular load and strain of motormanual logging and work in wintertime
Thermal, hormonal and cardiovascular responses to single and repeated nonhypothermic cold exposures in man
The Usborne complete book of the human body
Cardiorespiratory, neuromuscular and cardiac autonomic adaptations to combined endurance and strength training in ageing men and women
Cardiovascular risk factors in the federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Reversal of medetomidine-induced cardiovascular and respiratory changes with atipamezole in dogs
Lower limb atherosclerotic disease significantly impairs patients' health-related quality of life
Adjuvant arteriovenous fistula for infrapopliteal bypass patency
Anatomy & movement : fundamentals of : a workbook and guide
Methodological aspects of use of infrared thermography in healthy individuals and patients with non-specific musculoskeletal disorders
VEGF-C receptor binding and pattern of expression with VEGFR-3 suggests a role in lymphatic vascular development
Nerve and vascular injuries in sports medicine
Anatomy and human movement : structure and function
Electromechanical film sensor in cardiovascular system evaluation
Circulatory studies in slowly developing anaemias : evans blue dye dilution curves, roentgenologic heart volume determinations, and electrocardiographic findings in the anaemic state and on recovery
The purpose of the study was to explain the effects of risk factor targeted lifestyle counselling intervention on quality of lifestyle counselling and on adherence to lifestyle change in stroke patients. Content and characteristics of stroke patient counselling was described (I) with narrative literature review (n=33). Lifestyle habits of hospital-admitted stroke patients were described and explained (II) with cross-sectional design (n=150). Quasi-experimental, nonequivalent control group pretest-posttest design explained (III) the effects of lifestyle counselling intervention on working-age stroke patients' adherence to lifestyle change (n=75/group). Cross-sectional, explorative between-groups prospective design explained (IV) associations between the quality of counselling and adherence to lifestyle change during the 12-month follow-up (n=98).The literature data was gathered from the databases and analysed with content analysis (I). The empirical data was collected with Lifestyle (II), Adherence to Lifestyle Change (III, IV) and Counselling Quality (IV) instruments. Descriptive statistics, factor analysis, cross-tabulation of variables, logistic regression, and ANCOVA were used for data analysis.Counselling was described with seven themes: information about the disease and concerns regarding stroke, aims of counselling, counselling methods, interaction as a method for counselling, stroke nurse as a counsellor, emotional support and decision making in patient care (I). Patients were overweight or obese (75%) and 86.7% had high waist circumference levels. They generally had rather unhealthy eating habits, were physically inactive and quite highly stressed, and 33.5% drank to excess every month or every week, and 32.9% were current smokers (II). After intervention the experimental group lost their weight at 3 and 6 months, reduced cigarette consumption at 3 months, and increased smoking cessation at 6 months. The experimental group received more support from nurses, family and friends (III). Lifestyle counselling quality was estimated rather good, with the exception of patient-centred counselling, and significantly better by the experimental group. Interactiveness, resources, and advantages of counselling were related to adherence variables (IV). Intervention had effects on lifestyle counselling quality and on adherence to lifestyle change in the short term.
A mathematical approach to cardiovascular disease : mechanics of blood circulation
Cardiorespiratory assessment of the adult patient : a clinician's guide
Oxford handbook of cardiac nursing
Initial effects of endotoxin on cardiovascular reflex functions and circulation in dogs
Basic pathology : an introduction to the mechanisms of disease
Fish physiology. 12, Part B : the cardiovascular system
Phlebotomy : a customer service approach : a textbook for developing phlebotomy and customer service skills
Vander, Sherman, Luciano's human physiology : the mechanisms of body function
Vascular surgery. Vol. 1
Effects of combined different day endurance and strength training on cardiorespiratory and neuromuscular performance in untrained men and women
Color atlas of human anatomy. Volume 2, Internal organs
Quality of life and rehabilitation of patients with lower limb atherosclerosis and costs of treatment
Cardiorespiratory physiotherapy : adults and paediatrics
Cardiovascular benefits and potential hazards of physical exercise in elderly people
Summary.
Heart rate variability and baroreflex sensitivity in the assessment of anticholinergic drug effect : studies on healthy volunteers
Cardiovasular and respiratory systems : modeling, analysis, and control
Arterial reactivity and cardiac natriuretic peptides in genetic hypertension, nitric oxide deficiency and renal failure
One-year prospective health-related quality-of-life outcomes in patients treated with conservative method, endovascular treatment or open surgery for symptomatic lower limb atherosclerotic disease
Cardiovascular effects of a ketamine-medetomidine combination that produces deep sedation in yucatan mini swine
Nursing practice : hospital and home : the adult
Eicosanoids and lower limb ischemia
Intensive care : A concise textbook
Fish physiology. 12, Part A : the cardiovascular system
Cardiopulmonary physiotherapy
The influence of atipamezole on the cardiovascular effects of detomidine in horses
Cardiovascular reflex control in health and disease
Development of cardiovascular systems : molecules to organisms
Abstract. - Yhteenveto.
Vascular and endovascular surgical techniques
Effects of added endurance or strength training on cardiovascular and neuromuscular performance of conscripts during the 8-week basic training period
Pulmonary function
Effects of hypertonic saline (7.5 %) on haemodynamics and extracellular water volumes after coronary artery bypass grafting and before spinal anaesthesia
Restoration of motor function in the stroke patient : a physiotherapist's approach
Fundamentals of chest radiology
