http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p456 logic
logic
Handbook of philosophical logic. Vol. 11
Introduction to semantics
The Handbook Argumentation Theory provides an up to date survey of the various theoretical contributions to the development of argumentation theory for all scholars interested in argumentation, informal logic and rhetoric. It describes the historical roots of modern argumentation theory that are still an important theoretical background to contemporary approaches. Because of the complexity, diversity and rate of developments in argumentation theory, there is a real need for an overview of the state of the art, the main approaches that can be distinguished and the distinctive features of these approaches. The Handbook covers classical and modern backgrounds to the study of argumentation, the New Rhetoric developed by Perelman and Olbrechts-Tyteca, the Toulmin model, formal approaches, informal logic, communication and rhetoric, pragmatic approaches, linguistic approaches and pragma-dialectics. The Handbook is co-authored by Frans H. van Eemeren, Bart Garssen, Erik C.W. Krabbe, A. Francisca Snoeck Henkemans, Bart Verheij and Jean Wagemans, who are a coherent and prominent writing team whose expertise covers the whole field. The authors are assisted by an international Editorial Board consisting of outstanding argumentation scholars whose fields of interest are represented in the volume.
Direct-2-fan business model in music business
Fuzzy multicriteria decision-making : models, methods and applications
An introduction to philosophical logic
Mindware : tools for smart thinking
Themes from ontology, mind, and logic : present and past : essays in honour of Peter Simons
Logical Foundations of Computer Science : 4th international symposium, LFCS '97, Yaroslavl, Russia, July 6-12, 1997 : proceedings
Generalizing the Goldblatt-Thomason theorem and modal definability
Metalogic : an introduction to the metatheory of standard first order logic
Monetization in computer games
Introduction to mathematical logic. Volume 1
The logics of preference : a study of prohairetic logics in twentieth century philosophy
Logic with trees : an introduction to symbolic logic
Logic Puzzles : Sharpen your wits and hone your problem-solving skills
Collected logical works. 1, Studies in logic and probability
Introduction to logical theory
Games and logics of knowledge for multi-agent systems
An introduction to reasoning : instructor's manual
Modal fragments of second-order logic
Functional logic. 1
An introduction to logic : the criticism of arguments
What is the name of this book?
This practical book gives a comprehensive introduction to the concepts and languages of the new standard IEC 61131 used to program industrial control systems. A summary of the special requirements in programming industrial automation systems and the corresponding features in the IEC 61131-3 standard makes it suitable for students as well as PLC experts. The material is presented in an easy-to-understand form using numerous examples, illustrations and summary tables.
Figure this out : logic activities for children. [1]
How to be a philosopher, or How to be almost certain that almost nothing is certain
Meaningful games : exploring language with game theory
Modern logic - a survey : historical, philosophical, and mathematical aspects of modern logic and its applications
Handbook of philosophical logic. Vol. 13
Normative structures in natural and artificial systems
Logic and language. (Second series) / essays by J. L. Austin ... [et al.]
Symbolic logic
An object-oriented approach to programming logic and design
A system of logic : ratiocinative and inductive : being a connected view of the principles of evidence and the methods of scientific investigation : in two volumes. Vols. 1-2
Information logic of Galois connections
Philosophical logic : an introduction
Figure this out : logic activities for children. 2
Elementary logic
Six essays in philosophical logic
The elements of logic
Cooperation between Unity and PLC : Comparison of different PLCs and OPC-servers
Handbook of defeasible reasoning and uncertainity management systems. Volume 6, Dynamics and management of reasoning
The logical accessory : to Critical thinking : evaluating claims and arguments in everyday life
Uncertainty : the soul of modeling, probability & statistics
Handbook of philosophical logic. Vol. 3, Alternatives in classical logic
This collection of newly commissioned essays by international contributors offers a representative overview of the most important developments in contemporary philosophical logic. Written by experts from a variety of different logical and philosophical perspectives, the volume presents controversies in philosophical implications and applications of formal symbolic logic. Each section features contributors currently active in research who explain the central ideas of their special field and take a philosophical stand on recent issues in the intersection of logic and analytic philosophy. Taken together, the essays survey major trends and offer original insights to advance research and philosophical discussion. "A Companion to Philosophical Logic" provides a comprehensive state-of-the-art handbook for students and professional researchers in philosophical logic.
A modern introduction to logic
Knowledge acquisition and epistemic logic
"A Brief History of Analytic Philosophy: From Russell to Rawls presents a comprehensive overview of the historical development of all major aspects of analytic philosophy, the dominant Anglo-American philosophical tradition in the twentieth century. Features coverage of all the major subject areas and figures in analytic philosophy - including Wittgenstein, Bertrand Russell, G.E. Moore, Gottlob Frege, Carnap, Quine, Davidson, Kripke, Putnam, and many others Contains explanatory background material to help make clear technical philosophical concepts Includes listings of suggested further readings Written in a clear, direct style that presupposes little previous knowledge of philosophy "--
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
Integration of intelligent systems in development of smart adaptive systems : linguistic equation approach
Discrete mathematics for computing
Handbook of philosophical logic. Vol. 12
Basic logic : the fundamental principles of formal deductive reasoning
PLC VVVF Elevator Control System
Essay review : Neil Tennant, Antirealism and logic
I am right, you are wrong : from this to the new reneissance: from rock logic to water logic
Historical foundations of informal logic
Number and logic games
Nuel Belnap on indeterminism and free action
In search for criteria of relevance for argumentation theory
Induction and hypothesis
Outlines of modern legal logic
Logical properties : identity, existence, predication, necessity, truth
Lectio prae cursoria for a dissertation in Speech Communication Research publically defended at the University of Jyväskylä on December 19, 2011. The main purpose of this study is to describe and to understand the intercultural couples' relationships in Finland from the relational-dialectics perspective by Baxter and Montgomery (1996). Following the interpretive research tradition, in this qualitative study, data were collected from 18 heterosexual intercultural couples (36 persons), utilizing the multi-method approach. The multi-method approach in this study includes theme interviews (5 couples), concept map interviews (six couples) and e-mail interviews (seven couples). The data were analyzed following an inductive content analysis approach. The intercultural couples in this study experienced internal and external dialectics, related respectively to intercultural adaptation, e.g. need of support, uncertainty about the future, and identity confusion issues, and to challenges of inclusion and exclusion regarding, e.g. family support, and access to a social network. Intercultural relational dialectical forces present in the intercultural couples' relationships include continual re-negotiation, cultural identity and belonging, increased sensitivity to differences and similarities, social power, social support, and uncertainty..
Freedom and enforcement in action : a study in formal action theory
European review of philosophy. Vol. 4, The nature of logic
Handbook of argumentation theory
Spoilt rotten : the toxic cult of sentimentality
Morphological problems in IR and CLIR : applying, linguistic methods and approximate string matching tools
Handbook of philosophical logic. Vol. 6
In linguistics, one of the main areas of modern research involves the capabilities and possibilities of there being a "lingua cosmica," a LINCOS, a universal language that could be used to communicate with non-human intelligences. This book, touches on the area of the development and use of a "lingua universalis" for interstellar communication, but it also presents concepts that cover a broad area of linguistics. Chomsky's paradigm on universal properties of natural languages, for a long time a leading general theory of natural languages, includes the strong assumption that humans are born with some kind of universals stored in their brains. Are there universals of this kind of language used by intelligent beings and societies elsewhere in the universe? We do not know whether such languages exist. It seems to be impossible to determine, simply because the universe is too large for an exhaustive search. Even verification will be hard to obtain, without quite a bit of luck. This book uses astrolinguistic principles in message construction and is helpful in clarifying and giving perspective to discussions on existential questions such as these.
Royce's logical essays : collected logical essays of Josiah Royce
Digital circuits. 1, Numbering systems, binary codes, logic gates, boolean algebra
Logic : an introductory course
The logical problem of induction
A survey of symbolic logic
Logic and the basis of ethics
Beginning logic
Logic and language. (First series) / essays by Gilbert Ryle ... [et al.]
Development of Intelligent Wheelchair
Studies in logic and probability
Aspects of modern logic
Effective logic computation
Logic as the universal science : Bertrand Russell's early conception of logic and its philosophical context
Probabilistic transmission system planning
Development of intelligent wheelchair
Elements of symbolic logic
The formal method known as B and a sketch for its implementation
Handbook of defeasible reasoning and uncertainity management systems. Volume 5, Algorithms for uncertainity and defeasible reasoning
Adaptive traffic management in heterogeneous communication networks
The calculi of lambda-conversion
Aristotle's syllogistic from the standpoint of modern formal logic
A possible and necessary consistency proof
Handbook of philosophical logic. Vol. 7
Customer relationship management: The evolving role of customer data
Logica ' 91 : Proceedings of the symposium
The aesthetics of argument
Introduction to combinators and [lambda]-calculus
Foundations without foundationalism : a case for second-order logic
Introduction to logic and to the methodology of deductive sciences
Elementary formal logic : a programmed course
The undecidable : basic papers on undecidable propositions, unsolvable problems and computable functions
What a machine should know about philosophical problems?
Is your neighbour a zombie? : mind-bending philosophical puzzles that will exercise your brain
A concise introduction to logic
IEC 61131-3: programming industrial automation systems : concepts and programming languages, requirements for programming systems, decision-making aids
Fundamentals of digital signal processing
Logic and rhetoric in England, 1500-1700
Taking advantage of emergence : productively innovating in complex innovation systems
This revised and considerably expanded 2nd edition brings together a wide range of topics, including modal, tense, conditional, intuitionist, many-valued, paraconsistent, relevant, and fuzzy logics. Part 1, on propositional logic, is the old Introduction, but contains much new material. Part 2 is entirely new, and covers quantification and identity for all the logics in Part 1. The material is unified by the underlying theme of world semantics. All of the topics are explained clearly using devices such as tableau proofs, and their relation to current philosophical issues and debates are discussed. Students with a basic understanding of classical logic will find this book an invaluable introduction to an area that has become of central importance in both logic and philosophy. It will also interest people working in mathematics and computer science who wish to know about the area.
The description logic handbook : theory, implementation, and applications
Formalization of logic
Recursive function theory and logic
Bradley's reductio of relations and formal ontological relations
Logics and falsifications : a new perspective on constructivist semantics
Handbook of philosophical logic. Vol. 10
Handbook of philosophical logic. Vol. 14
A system of logic : ratiocinative and inductive : being a connected view of the principles of evidence and the methods of scientific investigation
A Companion To Philosophical Logic
Advances in natural deduction : a celebration in Dag Prawitz's work
The logical syntax of language
Awareness in logic and cognitive neuroscience
The art of thinking clearly
Approaches to finite variable dependence : expressiveness and computational complexity
Design control and protection for medium voltage switchgear
Possible worlds : an introduction to logic and its philosophy
Extending customer relationship management. From empowering firms to empowering customers
Controlling a Robotic Arm manipulator with a PLC
Sweet reason : a field quide to modern logic
Tractatus logico-philosophicus
Astrolinguistics : design of a linguistic system for interstellar communication based on logic
The art of always being right
Labyrinths of reason : paradox, puzzles and the frailty of knowledge
The power of critical thinking : effective reasoning about ordinary and extraordinary claims
On the logic of "better"
Methods of logic
Software Radio using Warp Fpga Board
Development of a self-tuning fuzzy logic controller for a rotary dryer
Permutability of rules for linear lattices
Modelling of pulp characteristics in kraft cooking
Mathematics, matter and method
"Argumentation, which can be abstractly defined as the interaction of different arguments for and against some conclusion, is an important skill to learn for everyday life, law, science, politics, and business. The best way to learn it is to try it out on real instances of arguments found in everyday conversational exchanges and legal argumentation. The introductory chapter of this book gives a clear general idea of what the methods of argumentation are and how they work as tools that can be used to analyze arguments. Each subsequent chapter then applies these methods to a leading problem of argumentation. Today the field of computing has embraced argumentation as a paradigm for research in artificial intelligence and multi-agent systems. Another purpose of this book is to present and refine tools and techniques from computing as components of the methods that can be handily used by scholars in other fields"--
From a logical point of view : 9 logico-philosophical essays
Deducibility and decidability
Constructions and situations : a constructivist reading of Hegel's system
How to win every argument : the use and abuse of logic
Wittgenstein and the human form of life
Philosophical problems of many-valued logic
Logicomix : an epic search for truth
Wittgenstein's Tractatus : a critical exposition of its main lines of thought
Design and creation of an HMI and a PROFIBUS network configuration with a PLC for a coiler drive
Years of neuroscience research have led to the current understanding of the brain as a prediction machine. The problem is that our brains' evolved capacity for avoiding and defending against threats has a slew of by-products, all tightly woven into our day-to-day thinking and behavior, that ensnare us while making our threat-anticipating brains "happy."
Existence and logic
An approach to linguistic pattern recognition using fuzzy systems
Many-valued logics for rough sets and other modal-like operations
"Formal systems that describe computations over syntactic structures occur frequently in computer science. Logic programming provides a natural framework for encoding and animating such systems. However, these systems often embody variable binding, a notion that must be treated carefully at a computational level. This book aims to show that a programming language based on a simply typed version of higher-order logic provides an elegant, declarative means for providing such a treatment. Three broad topics are covered in pursuit of this goal. First, a proof-theoretic framework that supports a general view of logic programming is identified. Second, an actual language called [Lambda]Prolog is developed by applying this view to higher-order logic. Finally, a methodology for programming with specifications is exposed by showing how several computations over formal objects such as logical formulas, functional programs, and [lambda]-terms and [pi]-calculus expressions can be encoded in [Lambda]Prolog".
Logic machines and diagrams
The heterological paradox
An introduction to non-classical logic : from if to is
Defect localization on a PCB with functional testing
Tools for structured design
Quine's critique of modal logic and his conception of objects
The semantic web and epistemic logic
Form and content in logic
Surfing uncertainty : prediction, action, and the embodied mind
Methods of argumentation
A system of logic : ratiocinative and inductive : being a connected view of the principles of evidence and the methods of scientific investigation. 1
Collected logical works. 2, Laws of thought (1854)
Applied logic
Development of a fuzzy logic controller for a rotary dryer with self-tuning of scaling factor
The logic of nonsense
Logical frameworks for truth and abstraction : an axiomatic study
Formal number theory and computability : a workbook
A brief history of analytic philosophy : from Russell to Rawls
Philosophical essays
Mathematical interpretation of formal systems
Handbook of philosophical logic. Vol. 9
Studies in logical theory
Paraconsistent logic : essays on the inconsistent
Automated washing and level controlling of a tank system
A preface to logic
The philosophy of argument and audience reception
Proof and proving in mathematics education : the 19th ISBI study
Introduction to logic
Distributive normal forms in the calculus of predicates
Logic : the theory of inquiry
Subrecursion : functions and hierarchies
Spatial modeling techniques for mapping and characterization of acid sulfate soils
Krister Segerberg on logic of actions
Philosophical logic
A system of logic : ratiocinative and inductive : being a connected view of the principles of evidence, and the methods of scientific investigation : in two volumes
Elementary logic of science and mathematics
Fuzzy control and identification
The logic of time : a model-theoretic investigation into the varieties of temporal ontology and temporal discourse
Handbook of philosophical logic. Vol. 5
Programming with higher-order logic
Thinking about the logic and ethics of coercion
The puzzler's dilemma : from the Lighthouse of Alexandria to Monty Hall, a fresh look at classic conundrums of logic, mathematics, and life
What makes your brain happy and why you should do the opposite
Symbolic logic : an introduction
Elementary logics : a procedural perspective
Fundamentals of concept formation in empirical science
Advanced logic for applications
