http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4560 export
export
Critical points in an export process : case: Lamor Corporation Ab
Choosing an export forwarding service provider : case Company A
The effects of exchange rates in sawnwood exports from Finland and Sweden during the EMU regime
Exporting Long Drink to Vietnam :
case: A Finnish Brewery
How to export Fengyuyi nature's golden sweetener into Finland
Dividing the EU with Energy? : Unpacking Russia ́s energy geoeconomics
USA as a potential market for Akvaterm Oy
Trade of main wild berries in Finland
Canadian exporters catalogue : 1998 edition
Vietnamese confectionery market analysis and entry plan : case: Candyking Finland Oy
Evaluating the Malaysian export processing zones : with special focus on the electronic industry
Exporting, learning investment and competitiveness of firms : business survey results in Estonia
Product development in commercial arts : employing Tanzanian traditional arts and designs in publicity/business promotion
Non-wood forest products of Laos : perspective of exports in 1988-1997
Breaking into new markets : emerging lessons for export diversification
Imperfect competition and export demand
Finding new territories to expand a business is a common goal for many. Many markets are flooded with such a variety of products it is sometimes hard for an entering business to be noticed. Entering a virgin market that is not yet saturated with the mass companies is an ideal situation for a business. They would be new, fresh and desired. There are many countries that are considered to be up and coming economies. The factors in making these countries virtually untouched are many, some including poverty, crime, corruption and even terrorism. The objective of this thesis is to show Nigeria as a lucrative target market and to create a guide for entry. There are barriers to entry and fears of terrorism that keep many businesses away. In this work, it will unveil some of the people in Nigeria, lessening the mystery to this culture. The Nigerian culture is very business orientated and worldwide, business is business, and this is a common bond that foreign businesses have with their Nigerian counterparts. This thesis is written jointly with a Nigerian author and an American author, giving the knowledge of a native Nigerian as well as the questions of an outsider. The commissioners for this thesis are also used as the case companies. The first commissioner/case company is Vallila Interior, a Finnish interior design company and the focus will be on their brightly colored textiles. The second commissioner/case company will be Altretes Enterprises, a Nigerian interior design company wishing to import foreign textiles to meet their clientele’s demand. This thesis will be a guide on connecting the two companies and easing some fears the Finnish company might have about entering the Nigerian market.
The European Union's preferential trade agreements : performing an Origin Status Assessment
The Origin of Goods : Rules of Origin in Regional Trade Agreements
Focus on exports : Finnish Export Credit Ltd's customer publication
How to enter the Finnish market : case: Beijing Guanghui Textile Co, Ltd
A short course in international marketing : approaching and penetrating the global marketplace
Exporting dried fruits and nuts from Afghanistan to Finland  :  Busniess plan for a new company
Technology export from the socialist countries
Cultural treasures moved because of the war - a cultural legacy of the Second World War documentation and research on losses : documentation of the international meeting in Bremen (3-.11.-2.12.1994)
India's exports : an analytical study
International trade and production networks  : Comparisons of China and greater China versus India and South Asia
Temporary admission of goods to Russia : ATA Carnet vs. temporary import
Plans and actions for internationalization by North Karelian companies and co-operatives of gathered and organically farmed products
Public education in a integrated Europe : studying to migrate and teaching to stay
Impacts of changes in forest and economic policy and business preconditions in Russia and Finland
National accounts for the first quarter of 2015.
Development Strategy of Anhui Garments Import&Export Co.Ltd
SME operate chocolate export activity into Chinese market : case Fazer chocolate
Handbook of quality management in education exports
Export is the oldest form of international marketing and is still one of the most popular strategies for a firm to reach foreign markets. For many firms, exporting is an important strategic initiative for growth and a vital part of their business operations. Without success in exporting, many firms may not survive or prosper in the intensely competitive marketplace. Unfortunately, successful export marketing is not easy, and many firms lack a good understanding of the fundamentals of effective export marketing strategies and operations. This handbook of export marketing strategy presents a comprehensive and practical guide for firms interested in participating and succeeding in export marketing. Drawing on their sustained research in export marketing and knowledge of the literature, the authors introduce a systematic process for a firm to assess its readiness to export, identify and select viable export markets, explore suitable forms in which to enter foreign markets, develop an effective export marketing plan, work with export facilitating firms, set an export budget, manage the supply chain and logistics in exporting, analyze foreign cultures, adapt the product and promotion, set export prices, receive payment for exported products, and manage and control export transactions. They cover various aspects of a successful export marketing program, discuss detailed tasks and considerations involved in each aspect, and present a set of practical guidelines for firms to follow when making export marketing decisions. The book balances strategic considerations with operational issues and theoretical rationales with practical applications. By reading this book, managers will master the art and science of successful exporting and learn a strategic approach to helping their firms succeed in export marketing.
RESTRUCTURING BUSINESS OPERATIONS IN GERMANY: A CASE STUDY
Boosting Music Exports : How could the music export office develop the exports of the independent music scene in the Czech Republic?
Ecommerce drivers and marketing partnerships in successful export marketing of Finnish born globals
Exporting of Used Automobile Parts from Finland to Nigeria
Food and agriculture in Papua New Guinea
Success in the Export Business : Key Steps for Lignell & Piispanen
Export directory of Denmark
Export of Education : Case HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences
International marketing
Student flows and migration : an empirical analysis
Entry in Moscow, Russia market for Mad Professor  Amplification Oy.
Export practice and documentation
Export marketing strategy : tactics and skills that work
Export process to the United States of America
The do's and taboos of international trade : a small business primer
Export directory of Denmark : Danish exporters
Vertical oligopolistic markets : the export market for forest products
The purpose of this research is to provide insight into the export competitiveness of meat products of the European Union (EU-27) member states on global markets. The revealed comparative advantage index is used to analyze the levels, compositions, and evolutions in patterns of development in the export competitiveness of meat products and their levels of stability at the product level. Except for some niche meat products, a larger number of the EU-27 member states have experienced comparative disadvantages on global markets over the analysed years of 2000 to 2011. The revealed comparative advantages on the global markets are the most robust for Ireland, Spain, the Netherlands, France, Belgium, Denmark, Poland, Cyprus and Hungary. The revealed comparative advantage indices and their survival rates differ across the meat product groups. The heterogeneity in export competitiveness of the EU-27 member states suggests the importance of the differentiation of meat products in competitive export specialization on global markets.
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
Risks, strengths and weaknesses of Russian oil and gas
Market Research on the Turkish Shipbuilding Industry : case: Koskisen Oy
Directory of Finnish exporters
Finnish re-exports to Russia
Economic aspects of "voluntary" export restraints
Choices of entry modes for Chinese timber markets
Schmitthoff's export trade : the law and practice of international trade
Going Chinese : Is Exchange Rate Undervaluation a Relevant Policy for Boosting Africa's Manufactured Export Sector
The export pocketbook
Customer survey for wooden flowers
The Internationalisation Process of Ostrobothnian SMEs through an Export Network
The decline in exports has been the most important factor behind the contraction in GDP since 2008. The impact of this decline is also felt in sectors that traditionally focus on the domestic market, as the production of intermediate inputs for exports ties up a considerable amount of resources. Exports have had a significant indirect impact on employment. The overall drop in employment has, however, remained moderate, as employment has been sustained by domestic demand..
Export marketing mix elements under target export markets' economic fluctuations
On the export behavior of firms
Perspectives on Russia's energy sector
Russian trade of Urheilu & Kalastus Pallas products
Principles of marketing
A guide for Finnish textile companies entering Nigeria
Challenges of the export process : Case Olvi Plc.
Prospects of Finnish higher education export in BRIC countries
New conditions for growth in Russia
Market potential for customised tools in the German engineering industry
This thesis is written to inform the case company Mirror Line Oy about possible logistical strategies when exporting to St. Petersburg. The case company is going to expand their business through exporting and with their delicate product of mirror and glass sliding doors and wardrobes the transportation plays a significant role from the beginning on. The theoretical framework includes different aspects from supply chain management and logistics, such as distribution channels and warehousing. More emphasis is put into the transportation modes and exporting processes together with the target market. The transportation options gone through in the case are customer pickup from the factory, direct transport to customer's warehouse in St. Petersburg, intermediate warehousing in Finland and train transport. The various processes and required documents are explained and costs and risks of each option are introduced. The facts and figures are based on the freight forwarder interviews, offers and written literature on the topic. The thesis combines the information from the target market and its business methods with different transportation solutions and works as an information source for the case company. With the help of the thesis, the costs of transportation can be analyzed and decisions made.
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education: the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
Transaction costs of the Finnish hi-tech companies on the Far East through Japanese markets
Systems business as a part of the international business of Finnish industrial companies
Succeeding on German markets : Penetrating German Christmas markets with Finnish products
In the wake of a second export price shock late last year, the Bank of Finland now expects Russian GDP to contract 3% in 2016. Our new forecast assumes the price of oil averages slightly over $40 a barrel this year, about 60% below the 2014 average. With the economy shrinking and depressed export earnings, Russian imports should fall another 10% this year..
Assessing market potential : the case of ASEAN as a market for Finnish exporters
Finland is a small open economy, where fluctuations in exports and imports have shaped the big picture of developments in the economy. A historical review of these developments suggests that the current situation provides no such conditions for rapid export growth supporting the economy as those seen in the earlier growth phases of economic history. Despite facing difficulties, the forest industry is still one of the pillars of Finnish exports alongside the machinery and metal industry..
Exporters' checklist : a step-by-step guide to successful exporting
The customer of this project is Kontio company - a Finnish construction company specialized in the creating and building of individual wooden houses and administrative wooden buildings. A big part of their sales come from the Russian market. The goal of this project is creating of modular wooden kindergarten for sale in Russia. Research in the thesis is carried out in two directions. The first of them is an analysis of Russian fire resistance regulations, energy efficiency norms and soundproofing usage rules and also observing laminated wood as main building material for a kindergarten. The second part is design of a building. The drawings and a 3D model of the building were created with ArchCad and AutoCad programs. During the work, three types of modules for the building were designed. One version of the building is shown in the thesis. The plan of the floor, the facades, the sections and a 3D model were designed for this version. The customer company can use these modules in the future to create a building of different sizes and forms.
STRATEGIES FOR SHAOXING TEXTILE COMPANIES IN ECONOMIC CRISIS. CASE STUDY: BOLA TEXTILE COMPANY
Price strategy in the EU : suggestions to Chinese exporters in the light of anti-dumping
The export of works of art etc. : report of a committee appointed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer
Finnish trade with the USSR : why was it different?
The role of channel functions in an international distributions in an international distribution channel
THE MARKET POTENTIAL OF SINO-FINLAND TRADING: EXPORTING FINNISH PORK TO HUBEI CHINA
The principles and practice of export marketing
Planning and managing distributor for Russia's operational environment
Tanker shipping markets in the Baltic Sea : with implications to Russian oil exports
Exports in the econometric model KOSMOS
On 4 December 2015, Statistics Finland published advance quarterly national accounts data containing the latest statistical data on Finnish economic developments in the third quarter of 2015..
Cases in international marketing
Process Improvement : Measurement and analysis of deviations in the maritime transport documentation process
Suggestions for developing export garment processing activities of MAIDUC Company Ltd Vietnam
Use of documentary credit in export trade with Russia
National accounts for the first quarter of 2016.
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
The planning of export for a small/medium-sized company : case company: Finnwilla Oy/Ltd. = Viennin suunnittelu pk-yrityksellle : case yritys Finnwilla Oy
Training Chinese administrative officials in Finland and its relevance to Finnish "China strategies" [Elektroninen aineisto]
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education : the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
International dimensions of marketing
Exports of cereals by source and destination 1990/91 = Exportations de céréales par provenance et destination 1990/91 = Exportaciones de cereales por origen y destino 1990/91
Starting the export in small and medium sized companies : a case study on Sportson International Ltd
Determinants of export performance in East and Southeast Asia
Affinities and network attributes in Sweden's trade with Europe
Creation of modular log kindergarten for Russian market
Selection of specific target countries for Finnish jewellery exporters
Exporting Africa : technology, trade and industrialization in Sub-Saharan Africa
Evaluation of cooperation between principal and foreign partners in export business - Case: Tamtron Group
No analysis of the Russian economy today can ignore the role of energy production. Russia is the world's largest producer of crude oil and natural gas, the world's third largest consumer of energy and a global giant in hydrocarbon exports. But just how big is the actual contribution of oil and gas production to national economic output? Who is discovering, pumping and shipping Russia's oil? What is the energy sector's role in government revenue and Russia's external balance? This issue of BOFIT Online comprises nine short articles with timely insights into the challenges facing Russia's energy sector.  Key words: Russia, energy, natural gas, oil, state economy, electricity production .
Import / export for dummies
The competitiveness of Bando Apparels Ltd in international market
A Finnish company's entry to Hungarian markets
Brazilian educational market : exporting Finnish educational concepts to an exotic country
Global marketing : a decision-oriented approach
Mastering import & export management
Expanding e-business to Sweden : case Urjalan Makeistukku
In the EU countries, the car industry is of greatest significance to GDP and employment in Germany and some countries in East-Central Europe. In these countries a shock to the car industry could have a heavy impact on the national economy. The industry accounts for some 10% of the EU's goods exports..
Developments in export marketing
Internationalization process : strategy and modes for entering in the italian market : case : Metener Oy
Barriers to internet and e-commerce use by wood products export firms in Ghana
Maximizing Export Performance of Alcoholic Beverages in Ghana Through Packaging.  : Case: Kasapreko Company Limited and Gihoc Distilleries Company Limited
Trade with the USSR accounted for about 15 per cent of Finland's total exports in 1952-1990, peaking at more than a quarter in the early-to-mid 1980s.Such trade is routinely seen to have had a major beneficial impact on the Finnish economy, whether in terms of profitability, diversification or stability.At the same time, trade with the USSR is seen to have had a major negative impact on the economies of the Central European member countries of the CMEA. This paper discusses this paradox, looking at both the institutional arrangements of Finnish - Soviet trade and the available analytical evidence.Much research, however, still remains to be done. Key words: Finland - economic development, East - West trade, bilateralism, clearing. .
Exporting to the Ukrainian water treatment market. Case study: Bimaks Kimya Ltd.
National accounts for the third quarter of 2015.
Improving Finnish Agricultural exports to South Korea
Export Barriers for SMEs : A Case Study of Bangladeshi Small and Medium Sized Shrimp Exporting Companies to the European Market
Finnish exports declined 0.8% in 2014, lagging further behind the export markets and world trade growth, and they are set to barely grow at all in 2015. The scale of the problem is illustrated by the fact that the volume of exports is still approximately EUR 10 billion lower than in 2007. If exports had continued to grow on their long-term trend after 2007, the loss now would be that much greater. If the negative indirect impact of poor export performance on e.g. investment were taken into account, the final bill would increase further still..
Doing business in the new Vietnam
Study on the Belgian food sector and retail trade
Global exchanges : the Washington Post International Marketing Companion
Guidelines for evaluation of transfer of technology agreements
Employment impact of exports has changed
Marketing of Sealing Foam in the People's Republic of China
Global marketing : foreign entry, local marketing and global management
Business opportunities in Vietnamese animal husbandry sectors for biogas SMEs : Finnish biogas enterprises
International and global marketing : concepts and cases
Russia is a globally important oil and gas producer.Russian hydrocarbons are not only crucial to the domestic economy but also to European countries depending on energy imports.This paper reviews the current stand and future prospects of Russian oil and gas production and exports.Russia has clearly stated that it wants to diversify its oil trade by increasing its exports to other areas than Europe.At the same time, many countries have seen their gas import prices rising significantly.As energy prices and exports have also been the main driver behind the current economic boom in Russia, there is no doubt that Russian energy will stay high on both the economic and political agenda of the EU and its member countries at least in any foreseeable future.The question remains whether there is enough Russian oil and gas for all new pipelines planned, as well as whether the huge investment needs of the energy sector can possibly be fulfilled, given the current investment climate and increasing government influence in the major energy firms.  Keywords: energy, oil, natural gas, Russia, EU .
The elements of export practice
Export or exile? : the growth of Finnish contemporary dance performances abroad - a myth or a truth?
Russian oil and gas : a multidimensional analysis from a European perspective
How to re-enter the market in Iran
According to the most recent quarterly national accounts, real GDP in the first quarter of 2016 grew by 0.6% quarter on quarter and 1.6% year on year. The latest quarterly national accounts data signal similar economic developments for early 2016 than the data previously published, i.e. economic growth continued, supported by private investments and private consumption. Real GDP growth in the first quarter was slightly stronger than suggested by preliminary data. The figures for the fourth quarter of 2015 were also revised upward. The economy has now grown for two consecutive quarters..
Music export Estonia : from an idea to realization
The African markets for Mozambican agricultural implements : opportunities for cooperation between a producer and manufacturers from the United Kingdom and France
Exporting fruits and vegetables from Vietnam to Japan : Current state and suggestions for improvement
International trade in goods and services
Russian energy sector / prospects and implications for  Russian growth, economic policy and energy supply
How to get started in export
Summary.
We study re-exports from Finland to Russia.Re-exported goods are defined as goods that are imported by a purchaser in one country who then exports the product to a third country without processing. Re-exports are a major driver behind recent growth of Finnish exports to Russia, with re-exports constituting over a quarter of Finnish exports to Russia in 2005.Re-exporting typically involves high-value products such as electronics and vehicles.Finland's involvement in such trade reflects the technically advanced nature of Finnish logistics and traditionally large transit streams through Finland to Russia.Other reasons for re-exports include Russia's vast market potential for Finnish trading companies, Finnish companies' special knowledge about Russian demand (asymmetric information), transfer pricing and grey schemes.The domestic income and employment effects of re-exports are similar to those of transit trade.Re-exports are highly cyclical, making long-term developments hard to predict.  Keywords: Russia, Finland, foreign trade, re-exports. .
Export Fruits from Spain to Finland. Case: Karamelo Citrus S.L.L.
Export and import of sporting goods
Significance of the car industry in EU countries
A brief history of Finnish foreign trade
Finnish mechanical forest industry SME perceptions of export barriers to Russia
A tool for organizations to quickly assess growth potential in foreign markets : Internationalization and the HS code
Import-Export Business Plan
Abstract 3 1 Introduction 4 2 Chinese trade in parts and components 5 3 Indian and South Asian trade in parts and components 7 4 Conclusion 9 Reference 10  .
Bad luck or wrong policies? : external shocks, domestic adjustment, and the growth slowdown in Latin America and the Caribbean
Exchange rate changes and the Finnish sawnwood demand and price in the UK market
The export trade : the law and practice of international trade
United Nations library on transnational corporations. Vol. 5, International financial management
According to the most recent quarterly national accounts, real GDP in the first quarter of 2015 contracted by 0.1% quarter on quarter but remained unchanged year on year. The quarterly national accounts data signal a broadly similar economic development to the indicator data previously published, i.e. the economy was continuing to contract..
Meat export competitiveness of European Union countries on global markets
Russia's economy has recovered after the deep recession in 1998 and the country currently scores high growth figures.One driving force is the booming oil sector, which gains from high world oil prices.Russia is very dependant on raw materials, and especially of the oil sector.The country is close to the limits of oil production and export capacity.Investments in new capacity and improvement of old are desperately needed.Moreover, during the current high oil price period, and especially recently as the largest oil company Yukos has been under attack by the authorities, international observers have become especially alert to fluctuations on the oil sector.The Yukos affair has ensured us that Russia's transition towards a market economy is far from over. However, foreign companies seem to be adapting to the situation, as foreign investments to Russia still continues to grow, despite the conflict.Keywords: Russia, oil, oil production, oil export, investment atmosphere .
Export guidelines to the Russian Federation: risks and technical obstacles : case study: Nokian Tyres Plc.
A Dynamic forecasting model for the Finnish pulp export price
Logistics strategies for Russian market entry : case Mirror Line Oy
Attractiveness of the Finnish rail transit route : Case study: VR Group
Russia's economy and imports to contract further
Determinants of finnish high technology exports : an application of gravity model
WestCoast : discover business in the Satakunta region
In this decade, China's foreign trade has increased rapidly and the share of high-technology goods in China's exports has become outstanding. These developments are partly related to processing trade that reflects the global production fragmentation. This paper discusses the role of processing trade in China by using a concept of vertical specialization (VS). The paper explains approaches to estimate vertical specialization and evaluates the findings of recent research in this field. It seems evident that processing trade has played a major role behind the fast growth of Chinese exports and the increase of high-tech goods in its exports. Moreover, recent research seems to imply that China's and much of Asia's exports are still heavily dependent on American and European consumers and, consequently, exports are not de-coupled from the final demands in the United States or Europe.  Key words: China, vertical specialization, foreign trade, processing imports .
Export behaviour of the firm under uncertainty
International marketing plan  : Case study GMH Machines and Tools PVT. Ltd
How much oil can Russia produce? / a study in the Russian oil sector
The marketing strategies of the French wine exporters
What if exports don't recover in the years ahead?
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2009.
Elements of export marketing
Export finance 1988
Facing the challenges in exporting in Russia
Investing in developing countries : a guide for executives
Import/export kit for dummies
Evaluating the Supply Chain of Ghana Cocoa from a  company point of view
