http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4576 supplies
supplies
"This text shows the reader how to plan and develop a restaurant or foodservice space. Topics covered include concept design, equipment identification and procurement, design principles, space allocation, electricity and energy management, environmental concerns, safety and sanitation, and considerations for purchasing small equipment, tableware, and table linens. This book is comprehensive in nature and focuses on the whole facility--with more attention to the equipment--rather than emphasizing either front of the house or back of the house"--
Entry and growth strategies of Finnish food companies in the Ukrainian food market
Combined compendium of food additive specifications : all specifications monographs from the 1st to the 65th meeting (1956-2005). Vol. 4, Analytical methods, test procedures and laboratory solutions used by and referenced in the food additive specifications
Integrated food security phase classification : technical manual version 2.0 : evidence and standards for better food security decisions
Mendel in the kitchen : a scientist's view of genetically modified foods
Guitar gears of the greats : the guitars, amps & effects behind the sound of 100 players
Build a better vegetable garden : 30 DIY projects to improve your harvest
Vertical price transmission in the Finnish import fruit markets
Risk assessment of microbial problems and preventive actions in food industry : 2nd Open Seminar arranged by Safoodnet, Food Safety and Hygiene Networking within new member states and associated candidate countries, FP6-022808-2006, Istanbul, Turkey, October 22-23, 2007
Figure in watercolour
Journal of food distribution research
Impacts of ozone pollution on food security in the UK : a case study for two contrasting years, 2006 and 2008
Molecular typing and source attribution of Finnish Campylobacter jejuni isolates
The crisis of food brands : sustaining safe, innovative and competitive food supply
Evaluation of a separative rearing method of the mealworm beetle for protein production
Findings : the material culture of needlework and sewing
Guide to equipment inventories : standards, strategies and best practices
Secret agent's handbook
Market research in the Finnish food industry
Modification of commercial poly-lactide for extrusion coated food packaging applications
Needlework tools : a guide to collecting
Computer confluence : exploring tomorrow's technology
The Steadicam® operator's handbook
Mechanical fastening, joining, and assembly
New flower design : beautiful floral displays from natural materials
What can the Finnish food chain be proud of? Views on value added factors in the Finnish food chain.
Food safety and food quality
Electrical equipment handbook : troubleshooting and maintenance
Dog crafts : more than 50 grrreat projects
Food process design
Competitive strategy : Sorrin Puutarha
Effects of gluten and transglutaminase on microstructure, sensory characteristics and instrumental texture of oat bread
Brand Awareness Study in Jyväskylä : for Wulff Oy Ab
Glorious gifts from the garden
Responsibilities of NAM's Medical Devices department transferred to Valvira
Approaches to folyl polyglutamate analysis
Paffy : a craft-kit for grandparents and their grandchildren
Masterpieces of Chinese Writing Materials in te National Palace Museum
Ozone pollution : a hidden threat to food security :report prepared by the ICO Vegetation
Food marketing to children and youth : threat or opportunity?
Detection and identification of harmful microbes : 1st Workshop arranged by Safoodnet, Food Safety and Hygiene Networking within new member states and associated candidate countries, FP6-022808-2006, Brno, Czech Republic, December 10-12, 2007
Alwyn's top tips for watercolour artists
Handmade beginnings : 24 sewing projects to welcome baby
Private regulation of value chains in Finnish pork industry : how private regulation schemes are used and could be used to ensure quality
The utilization of poultry breast muscle of different quality classes
Travel photography in a day for dummies
Voting for environmental policy under income and preference heterogeneity
Acrylic revolution : new tricks & techniques for working with the world's most versantile medium
Food supply chain management : issues for the hospitality and retail sectors
Networks on chips : technology and tools
A family dollhouse : an introduction to crafts in miniature
Riding school
Advanced custom paint techniques
This paper examines the vertical price transmission of banana and orange prices in Finland using import and consumer price series from years 1998-2009. Considering the stationary behaviour of the price series, the dynamic relationship between import and consumer price is investigated by Autoregressive Distributed Lag (ADL) models and Error Correction Models (ECM). The results show that the vertical price transmission is symmetric both with banana and orange. However, the analysis concentrates on the speed of adjustment towards the equilibrium of prices. Due to linearity of the model it does not take into account the magnitude of the price change.
Smart cycling : promoting safety, fun, fitness, and the environment
The tailoring process : Custon and simplified
Rabid : are you crazy about your dog or just crazy?
Sewing secrets from the fashion industry : proven methods to help you sew like the pros
'What 's for dinner?' seemed like a simple question-until journalist and supermarket detective Michael Pollan delved behind the scenes. From fast food and big organic to small farms and old-fashioned hunting and gathering, this young readers' adaptation of Pollan's famous food-chain exploration encourages kids to consider the personal and global health implications of their food choices. Examines the origins of the different food chains that have sustained humans throughout history, discussing how certain foods and cuisines have become a popular part of people's daily diets.
Handmade baby gifts
Contaminant aerobic sporeforming bacteria in the manufacturing processes of food packaging board and food
Twenty years of selenium fertilization, September 8-9, 2005, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Integration of injection molded audio components
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : seventy-fourth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Ab Me Group Oy Ltd catering management managerial issues
Bioscience, biotechnology, and biochemistry
Television advertisements as cultural symbols : a cross-cultural semiotic analysis of a European and a Japanese baby napkin advertisement
Sodium reduction in cooked meat products by using commercial potassium phoshate mixtures
How to use Internet to sell baby products
Relationships in food chains : an empirical examination of trust, commitment and communication
Future challenges in professional kitchens II : reports of seminar presentations
Isolation and identification of rainbow trout spoiling microbiota
From fiber to fabric : the essential guide to quiltmaking textiles
The strategic role of external sustainability assessment in the food value chain
Combined compendium of food additive specifications : all specifications monographs from the 1st to the 65th meeting (1956-2005). Vol. 1-3, Food additives
Miniature worlds in 1/12 scale
Customer satisfaction research for Grohe Scandinavia in Denmark
The mountain man's sketch book : vol. 2
Proceedings of the ERIAFF conference : 'sustainable food systems : multi-actor co-operation to foster new competitiveness of Europe'
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
The scarecrow's hat
In vitro synthesis and structural analysis of selected acceptor products of Weissella confusa VTT E-90392 dextransucrase
Improving Finnish Agricultural exports to South Korea
Marketing research for Luther safety huber needle in Finnish market : case: Access MediChina Co
The complete guide to illustration and design : techniques and materials
Cultured food for life : how to make and serve delicious probiotic foods for better health and wellness : [kefir, kombucha, cultured vegetables, sprouted flour, sourdough]
Crochetterie is a collection of approximately 30 trendy crochet projects from Finnish designer and blogger Molla Mills that will get you hooked yet again on this addictive craft. This book will help you master or simply remind you of the crochet basics and teach you how to make a variety of pieces for different occasions.
Notions : over 50 great gadgets you can't live without
FAO/WHO guide for developing and improving national food recall systems
Marketing Strategy for the International Food Shop Keidas    : Marketing Strategy: Keidas Food Shop or Intercultural Corporation Limited Liability Company
Oxidation of α-lactalbumin peptides with and without procyanidins
Foodborne human isolates of Salmonella and Shiga toxin -producing Escherichia coli of domestic origin in Finland
Development of microbial analysis : faster detection and business opportunities
Contamination routes and control of Listeria monocytogenes in food production
Juice processing : quality, safety and value-added opportunities
Terrorist threats to food : guidance for establishing and strengthening prevention and response systems
Decent rural employment for food security : a case for action
Heirloom sewing for today : classic materials, contemporary machine techniques
Microbial contaminants & contamination routes in food industry : 1st open seminar arranged by Safoodnet - Food Safety and Hygiene Networking within new member states and associated candidate countries; FP6-022808-2006 : Espoo, Finland, January 22-23, 2007
100 fresh and fun handmade cards : step-by-step instructions for 50 new Designs and 50 amazing alternatives
Sustainable protein production and consumption : pigs or peas?
Overview on different sterilization techniques for baby food
MTT Raportti = MTT Report = MTT Rapport
A study of the evolution of concentration in the manufacture and supply of tyres, sparking plugs, and motor-vehicle accumulators for the United Kingdom : a report prepared for the Diroctcrate-General for Competition of the Commission of the European Communities
TO IMPROVE QUALITY MANAGEMENT PROCESS : Case: Aiya Restaurant Chain
Enhancement of national collaboration between defence establishment and industry by systems approach
Ripened cheeses : the effects of fat modifications on sensory characteristics and fatty acid composition
Export of pet products to California
HPLC analysis of plant sterol oxidation products
Molecular typing of Campylobacter coli strains isolated from diifferent sources
Music tech magazine
Functionalisation of spruce O-acetyl-galactoglucomannans for barrier and composite applications
The Baltic environment, food and health : from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Glossary of food safety terms : (English-Finnish-Russian, with Chinese index) = Elintarviketurvallisuusalan sanasto : (englanti-suomi-venäjä sekä kiinankielinen hakemisto) = Slovar' terminov po bezopasnosti piŝevoj produkcii : (anglo-finsko-russkij, s kitajsko-anglijskim ukazatelem terminov)
Designed for kids : a complete sourcebook of stylish products for the modern family
The cat & dog lover's idea book
The use of pork from rustic pig breeds was tested to improve the quality of dry-cured fermented sausages. The quality of a salchichon/salami-type sausage manufactured with pork from Chato Murciano breed (CM) and Early White pig (EW) (Large White x Landrace breed) was compared. CM pork improved several quality characteristics of dry-cured fermented sausage. Significant (p . 0.05) differences between mean CM and EW values were found for total lipids, ash, collagen, water activity, total acidity, CIELab colour, proteolysis, fat acidity, fatty acid profile, total viable counts, lactic acid bacteria, Micrococacceae, moulds and yeasts, colour, odour, flavour, fattiness and acceptance. CM mainly intensified the reddening of sausage cuts and increased monounsaturated acids in fat. Acceptance was also better for CM, although odour and flavour were only slightly improved. The production of high-quality specialities of dry-cured meat products can contribute to the sustainable production of CM and similar rustic pig breeds, maintaining the genetic diversity of pig species.
Characterisation of antibiotic-resistant psychrotrophic bacteria in raw milk
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland - 2008 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
Making period dolls' house accessories
Handbook of food process design. Vol. 1-2
Food Scanner : barcode reader
Evaluation of certain food additives : sixty-fifth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives : [Geneva, 6 - 17 June 2005]
Improving the quality of dry-cured sausages using pork from rustic breeds
The omnivore's dilemma : the secrets behind what you eat
Dolls' house details : over 500 craft projects in 1/12 scale
The restorer's handbook of easel painting
Camp cooking in the wild : the black feather guide to eating well in the great outdoors
Applicability of fructophilic lactic acid bacteria in food industry
The organized & inspired scrapbooker
Design of a new type of graphic cover for a mobile phone
International Procurement in Pet Product Business
The food safety information handbook
Chicco : wherever there's a baby
Rotavirus in drinking water : molecular methods for measurement of infectivity
Purchasing first aid products from China : case study: Rexram Oy
The quilter's catalog
Crochetterie : cool contemporary crochet for the creatively minded
Resources for conservators : documentation images captured with a digital camera
The plant disease clinic and field diagnosis of abiotic diseases
Starting up an Internet based pet accessories wholesale business
Take off the heater : utility effect and food environment effect in food consumption decisions
Play all day : design for children
"This Case for Action urges that improving policy coherence between employment and agricultural initiatives and investigating more in the promotion of decent rural employment contribute highly to the interlinked challenges of fighting rural poverty and feeding a growing world population in a sustainable way. Even more importantly, decent work is a fully fledged human right, enshrined in international human rights law, to which each person is entitled as a means of personal development and socio-economic inclusion. While the ILO leads the Global Employment and Decent Work Agenda, FAO has a crucial comparative advantage in promoting decent work in rural areas, specifically with respect to employment in agriculture, including livestock, forestry, fisheries and management of natural resources, as well as agroprocessing and retailing. Given its mandate to raise levels of nutrition, improve agricultural productivity, better the lives of rural populations and contribute to the growth of the world economy, FAO has a significant responsibility within this context. This Case for Action further clarifies the reasoning behind this statement and suggests entry points for increased synergies and inter-disciplinary collaboration."--Introduction.
Shift : an interactive device for demonstrating light guides
Internationalisation of a service company : case: The Turquoise Holiday Company
Illustrated theatre production guide
Oxidation of emulsified oat proteins
The doll's house decorator
Importing home decorating accessories from China to Finland
Photographic possibilities : the expressive use of ideas, materials, and processes
An operations management perspective on waste management
in a food processing factory
Textile equipment and its working environment, Bryggen in Bergen, c 1150-1500
The essential outdoor gear manual : equipment care, repair, and selection
Stained glass for dummies
Small sterilizers in Finnish health care ; translation: Mervi Moisander
Food wastage footprint : impacts on natural resources : summary report
More electronic gadgets for the evil genius
Food safety legislation and control in the Russian federation : practical experiences
How to attract customers and develop online shop’s marketing? : Case: Baby Care
Identifying the driving forces behind price fluctuations and potential food crisis
The literature review dealt with the principles and methods for the evaluation of the quality of raw meat and meat product in different aspects. The factors influencing the quality of meat products were also involved. A new type of muscular dystrophy in broiler Musculus pectoralis, wooden breast, has been found in broilers. The dystrophy results in fibrinogenesis and thus local hardening in the muscle, but poses no health risk in human consumption. The aim of the study was to explore the maximal percentage of wooden breast that can be used in the meat products without causing a perceived quality defect. In the preliminary tests, wooden breast was incorporated with normal meat in different percentages to make sausage and chicken nuggets. Different methods of comminuting were also applied in the processing of wooden breast. The quality of the products was evaluated through the measuring in different aspects. Comparison was made between normal products and products containing wooden breast, so that a maximal addition percentage of wooden breast was obtained. The results of the preliminary test were later verified in the pilot plant. The addition of wooden breast increased the shear force and binding strength of the sausage and finely chopped chicken nuggets but resulted little change on the shear force and binding strength of the ground chicken nuggets. The pH, redness, and yellowness of all types of products declined with the wooden breast treatment. Lightness of the products was increased by wooden breast. Through the verification in the pilot plant, sausage and two types of chicken nuggets allow the addition of wooden breast to replace at least 15% and 30% of the lean meat in the recipe, respectively. Due to the low incidence of the dystrophy, that high additions will not be necessary in the practice.
Importing home decorating accessories from India to Finland
Banners & dragons : the complete guide to creative campaigning
The film developing cookbook
Dolls' house shops, cafes & restaurants
How to arrange flowers : a japanese approach to english design
Leak-proof heat sealing of press-formed paperboard trays
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : seventy-third report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
How to draw and paint vampires
Ravintotase : balance sheet for food commodities
The importance of pre-harvest food safety for modern food production systems
The sewing bible : clothing
Watercolor : fun and free
Two fictional life cycle assessments : exercise book
The long book of sewing in pictures : Money saving sewing jobs explained and illustrated
Customer willingness to pay for sustainability in the food sector : an examination of three WTP types
Campylobacteriosis, the most common bacterial food-borne disease worldwide, is mainly caused by Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli. Most studies have focused on the genetic diversity of C. jejuni, but little is known about C. coli. The aim of this work was to characterize C. coli from different sources, by evaluating the distribution and/or diversity of certain genetic markers. A total of 145 C. coli isolates from different sources (2 goose,18 poultry, 35 human and 90 swine) were screened for fucP, ggt, cytC, sialyltransferases genes and CRISPRs. Additionally, the diversity of the LOS loci and of the CRISPRs, were assessed. A frequency of 90.34% was observed for fucP and CRISPRs among C. coli. Conversely, the frequency of GGT phenotype, and cytC, and cst-I genotype was 1.38%, while cst-V genotype was 0.69%. Only one isolate was positive for all markers except fucP; no source association was observed. LOS and CRISPRs exhibited a wide diversity. In conclusion, ggt, fucP, and cytC seem to be lineage related in C. coli, and not host associated. CRISPRs were too discriminatory to be of use in epidemiological investigations. Results suggest a high diversity of the LOS, and there may exist more classes than those previously described.
Talking about food : an investigation to consumers' word-of-mouth discussions in relation to food products
Conversion to organic wine production : exploring the economic performance impacts
Great design using non-traditional materials
The audio wiring guide : how to wire the most popular audio and video connectors
Design and equipment for restaurants and foodservice : a management view
Alkaline phosphatase activity inFinnish hard cheeses and milk products
Changes in bacterial population and antimicrobial resistance during cold storage in conventional and organic raw milk
Illustrated Theatre Production Guide delivers a step-by-step approach to the most prevalent and established theatreproduction practices, focusing on essential issues related to the construction of wooden, fabric, plastic, and metal scenery used on the stage. A must-have resource for both the community theatre worker who must be a jack of all trades and the student who needs to learn the fundamentals on his or her own, it covers the necessities in great detail, without bogging you down. Offering techniques and best-practice methods from an experienced industry expert, it will allow you to create a foundation on which to build a successful and resourceful career behind the scenes in theatre production. This third edition has been completely restructured to more effectively lead you through the basics of stagecraft. Through detailed lessons and hundreds of drawings, author John Holloway offers you solutions to the problems that you'll face every day in a production, from rigging to knot tying. New to this edition are guides to jobs in theatre, construction documentation, and video projection methods, with expanded information on Thrust Theatres, lighting, audio and video practices.
