http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4572 sounds
sounds
This title provides researchers and working engineers with an overview of microphone array technology with applications in noise source identification and sound field visualization.
Birdsong : a natural history
Contrast-enhanced ultrasound of abdominal organs in cats
The handbook of field recording
Cultural histories of noise, sound and listening in Europe, 1300-1918
National Center for Voice and Speech's guide to vocology
Graphical representation of sound trademarks - past, present and future
British bat calls : a guide to species identification
The effects of frequency difference and ear-of-entry on auditory stream segregation and integration
Development of Ultrasound Transducer Characterization Software
Sound effects : sounds of music, sirens, and special effects
The Golden Oriole
Studies on bird vocalization detection and classification of species
Practical recording techniques : the step-by-step approach to professional audio recording
Introducing timbre to design of semi-abstract earcons
Game sound technology and player interaction : concepts and development
Listening to nineteenth-century America
Sound effects : sounds of the human race and outer space
The big bad mole's coming!
Why birds sing : a journey into the mystery of bird song
One noisy night
Sound and aural media in postmodern literature : novel listening
Championing the Finnish concrète : the transmissions and distractions of Patrick Kosk
Transphonic sounds: Commercial radio music in a shared urban environment
We cannot simply listen to our urban past. Yet we encounter a rich cultural heritage of city sounds presented in text, radio and film. How can such "staged sounds" express the changing identities of cities? This volume presents a collection of studies on the staging of Amsterdam, Berlin and London soundscapes in historical documents, radio plays and films, and offers insights into themes such as film sound theory and museum audio guides. In doing so, this book puts contemporary controversies on urban sound in historical perspective, and contextualises iconic presentations of cities. It addresses academics, students, and museum workers alike.
The little book of night time animal sounds
Who goes there? Find out inside! Listen to the sounds of the night with this magically atmospheric tour of the animals who inhabit the world around you whilst you sleep - easily accessed at the touch of 12 simple sound buttons.
Practical art of motion picture sound
Fan's affect for music record formats : from vinyl LP to MP3
Mixed-species flock size affects contact call frequencies of the crested tit, Lophophanes cristatus
The purpose of the article is to outline Islamic discourses on sound, more particularly whispering, found in the Qur'ān, the ḥadīth literature and contemporary online fatwas, with the aim of determining whether whispering has different connotations and meanings in different contexts, literary genres and ritual contexts. Examples discussed in the article are derived from a broad range of Islamic sources, such as the Qur'ān and its exegesis and the prophetic literature, but also from a number of different fields within Muslim culture, such as the Internet, YouTube clips and notes from fieldwork among Muslim groups in Sweden. On the basis of the texts and videos selected for analysis, I discuss the belief that whispering has the potential to disturb and cause disorder, and is associated with Satan. Whispering is looked upon as an intermediate and therefore suspicious position, between silence and saying something out loud. More generally, whispering is closely associated with the negative effects of Satan's power over mankind.
Musical activities and the development of neural sound discrimination
An investigation into the role of exposure to speech sounds during sleep in auditory perceptual learning
Construction of Sound Models using Freely Available Data
Rapid interpretation of heart and lung sounds : a guide to cardiac and respiratory auscultation in dogs and cats
Sonic wonderland : a scientific odyssey of sound
MMN elicited by duration decrement : effects of habituation and of a number of standards preceding deviants
Vocalization in the guinea-pig, Cavia porcellus L.
From demo to delivery : the process of production
Vocal fold paralysis : a follow-up study
The very noisy foxes
A sound guide to the grasshoppers and crickets of Western Europe
Healing sounds : the power of harmonics
Do wheezing infants grow up to be asthmatic adults? : asthma prevalence in relation to early-life and current risk factors
Room acoustics
Arthroscopic ultrasound imaging of articular cartilage
The Monochord in ancient Greek harmonic science
Join the zoo hullabaloo!
The little rabbit who liked to say moo
The digital musician
Into a wild sanctuary : a life in music & natural sound
Foundation Flash CS5 for designers
Old Macdonald had a farm
Current ornithology. Vol. 2
Mr. Brown can moo ! Can you?
Beyond words : sobs, hums, stutters and other vocalizations
The way of music : aural training for the Internet generation
Making noise : from Babel to the big bang & beyond
The memory of sound : preserving the sonic past
Beyond dolby (stereo) : cinema in the digital sound age
Pro Tools puts professional recording and music production software in the hands of anyone with the appropriate hardware and the knowledge to use it. Musician and recording engineer Jeff Strong guides you through the latest version of this complex program, offering twice the content of the official guide at a lower price. Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and getting your music to the masses. •	The latest version of Pro Tools offers a whole range of new possibilities for the recording artist; this soup-to-nuts guide explains everything you need to know to take full advantage of it. •	Written by a professional musician and recording engineer who has authored two previous editions of this book as well as Home Recording For Musicians For Dummies and Drums For Dummies. •	Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and distributing your music. •	Explains how to configure your computer and attach hardware, proper microphone settings, steps for getting your music to sound the way you want, tips on putting your tracks together professionally, and much more.
Vibration and sound
Effects and justification of loudness war in commercial music
Cars go
About correlations between fundamental auditory responses, physical parameters of sound and annoyance
A nap time story
Learn with Maisy
The sound of Shakespeare
Sound
Audionarratology : interfaces of sound and narrative
Music, language, and the brain
Use and Management of Music in High-End Restaurants in Helsinki
Essential sound effects of babies and children
Avian biology. 5
Processing of sound rise time in children and adults with and without reading problems
3D-sound programming with Microsoft DirectX : Surround sound in practice
Sound wise: creating applied visual art experiences in Lapland
Fundamentals of acoustics
Designed to accompany the new Open University course in Environmental Monitoring and Protection, this is one of four new titles which will equip the reader with the tools to undertake Environmental Impact Assessments (EIAs). Used in planning, decision-making and management, EIAs review both the theoretical principles and environmental considerations of engineering and environmental projects to help steer fundamental legislation in the right direction. This book will cover the basic principles and concepts of sound and sound propagation, covering units, crite.
Digital processing of environmental noise samples
Acoustic array systems : theory, implementation, and application
Thousand mile song : whale music in a sea of sound
The secret world of whales
CHARACTERISATION AND OPTIMIZING OF ULTRASOUND TRANSDUCERS FOR BREAST CANCER DIAGNOSIS AND THERAPY
Touch and feel playbook
Äänijooga : wellbeing through sound and movement
Songs from the deep
The great animal orchestra : finding the origins of music in the world's wild places
The ringtone dialectic : economy and cultural form
Human brain mechanisms of auditory and audiovisual selective attention
Sound, music, and the study of religion
Sonic time machines : explicit sound, sirenic voices, and implicit sonicity
Sound art : beyond music, between categories
Acoustic interculturalism : listening to performance
Voice Processing Using MATLAB as a Tool
Emotions in the human voice. Vol. 1, Foundations
Bird music : an introduction to the study of the vocal expressions of British birds with appreciations of their songs
Determination of Sound Power Levels using Sound Intensity
Laboratory environment of PC technology & device design
Development of ultrasound-assisted digestion methods for the determination of toxic element concentrations in ash samples by ICP-OES
Wheezing disorders in the preschool child : pathophysiology and management
Jakki Wood's Animal hullabaloo : a wildlife noisy book
Why birds sing : a journey through the mystery of bird song
Acoustic behaviour of animals
Background noise : perspectives on sound art
Ultrasound is one form of sound wave which is used to measure, detect and examine different kind of applications. Even though there is an already existing industrially made ultrasonic transducer that uses a high frequency ultrasound; it is expensive to get one for a personal use. Learning how to use the Olympus made ultrasonic transducer was a preliminary process before the overall step. On the other hand, there is a relatively cheaper low frequency piezoelectric in the market. Studying and testing it helps to reveal whether it can be used as a substitute in-place of one of the ultrasonic transducer’s application which is called Non Destructive Testing (NDT). It is this initial idea that the document addresses about. The property of low frequency ultrasound wave, generated by the piezoelectric (40 kHz - 300 kHz), in a metallic media is the core point. For this particular purpose six samples of piezoelectric (MCUSD18A40S09RS-30C, MCUSD13A300B09RS, MCUSR18A40B12RS MCUSD14A48S09RS-30C, MCUSD14A40S09RS-30C, MCUSD14A58S9RS-30C) were tested in different metallic media. The data collected from the experiment elaborates the analysis made in this study.
Sounds : a philosophical theory
Polar bear, polar bear, what do you hear?
Context Classification using Audio Data for a Wearable Computer
Electrotherapy explained : principles and practice
Dance music manual : tools, toys and techniques
Perception and auditory modeling of spatially complex sound scenarios
Call to composers, musicians and multimedia artists to participate in a survey establishing user requirements on local positioning systems for spatially interactive applications
Kantele as a sound producing tool
The little book of woodland bird songs
The recording engineer's handbook
Auditory perception of sound sources
Bird song : acoustics and physiology
Auditory archaeology : understanding sound and hearing in the past
The tuning of the world
Muscle hypertrophy and serum hormone concentrations during combined strength and endurance training vs. strength or endurance training only in middle aged and older women
Auditions : architecture and aurality
You ge wu wu yan yan de ying er, wo men zen mo ban? = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
Dance production : design and technology
Premiere Pro CS5 and CS5.5 digital classroom
Pitch : neural coding and perception
Soundscape Research: Sounds That Describe the Image of Keski-Uusimaa and Riihimäki Region in Marketing the Area
Sound effects : sounds of earth, sea, and sky
My first book of sounds
Children hearing voices : what you need to know and what you can do
Servers and Extendable Server’s Management System for the Robot-platform  : Part of the “Roboteh” project
Effects of water immersion on soleus neuromuscular parameters
Effect of ultrasonication on algal and bacterial growth in fresh water
Scritch scratch scraww plop!
Auditory scene analysis : the perceptual organization of sound
Tsto nam delat s malysom a-a-a g-u-u = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
Voices of tyranny : temples of silence
Creating and evaluating embodied interactive experiences : case studies of full-body, sonic and tactile enaction
Singing for dummies
Let's go up and down
Predicting outdoor sound
Practical recording techniques
Gender and the telephone : voice and emotions shaping and gendering space
Applying sound art research in modern electronic music production : glitch, loop, plunderphonics and sound collage as tools of production
Ma ba in bachchah-'i na'arami kih hamah ash "buv huv" mi kunad chih kunim? = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
Ubiquitous musics : the everyday sounds that we don't always notice
An introduction to music technology
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Hearing gestures : vocalisations as embodied projections of intentionality in designing non-speech sounds for communicative functions
Preoperative axillary staging in invasive breast cancer
Emotions in the human voice. Vol. 2, Clinical evidence
The sound of satan: different aspects of whispering in Islamic theology
Birds of South Asia : the Ripley guide. Volume 2 : Attributes and status
What the ladybird heard
Say hello to the snowy animals
The sound approach to birding
Sidaynu nidhaahnaa nuunuuga-buu-huu? = What shall we do with the boo-hoo baby?
Singing life of birds : the art and science of listening birdsong
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
Intervention study measuring thickness of the Transversus abdominis muscle in young adults with sub-acute low back pain by Ultrasound Imaging
The noises of American literature, 1890-1985 : toward a history of literary acoustics
Low frequency ultrasound propagation in metallic media
Sound effects : sounds of birds and other animals
Creating and Designing Sound Effects for a Mobile Game
Game sound : an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of video game music and sound design
Ultrasound stimulation of bone and cartilage : interactions in common in vitro and tissue engineering configurations
Audio metering : measurements, standards and practice
Nightingale songs
Liposome nanoparticles for targeted drug delivery, gene delivery and magnetic imaging
Computed tomography and ultrasound methods for simultaneous evaluation of articular cartilage and subchondral bone
Design and Assembly of a Thermoacoustic Engine Prototype
The voices : a sequel to "Glimpses of the next state"
Ecology and evolution of acoustic communications in birds
Among the many instruments devised by students of mathematical sciences in ancient Greece, the monochord provides one of the best opportunities to examine the methodologies of those who employed it in their investigations. Consisting of a single string which could be divided at measured points by means of movable bridges, it was used to demonstrate theorems about the arithmetical relationships between pitched sounds in music. This book traces the history of the monochord and its multiple uses down to Ptolemy, bringing together all the relevant evidence in one comprehensive study. By comparing the monochord with a number of other ancient scientific instruments and their uses, David Creese shows how the investigation of music in ancient Greece not only shares in the patterns of demonstrative and argumentative instrument use common to other sciences, but also goes beyond them in offering the possibility of a rigorous empiricism unparalleled in Greek science.
A fool, free
Design and IC implementation of digital tone generator
Audio distortion measurements
The hog, the shrew and the hullabaloo
Is neural and behavioral sound processing affected by practice strategies in musicians?
Born to sing : an interpretation and world survey of bird song
Animal voices : telepathic communication in the web of life
Soundscapes of the urban past : staged sound as mediated cultural heritage
Film : a critical introduction
Audionarratology is a new 'postclassical' narratology that explores interfaces of sound, voice, music and narrative in different media and across disciplinary boundaries. This is the first book to bring together cutting-edge research on audio art and forms of sound narration hitherto neglected in narratology: radio plays, audiobooks, audio guides, mobile phone theatre, performance poetry, concept albums, digital stories, computer games, songs.
Acoustic communication
The mixing engineer's handbook
Drama, psychotherapy and psychosis : dramatherapy and psychodrama with people who hear voices
Noise : a human history of sound and listening
The aim of this thesis was to study the effects of sound reverberation on noise levels in the gymnastics areas of the new sports hall. The sports club commissioned this thesis after identifying a problem in the new sports hall, as the gymnasts reported that background noise due to poor acoustics was disturbing their concentration and speech intelligibility. The sound reverberation time was measured to find out the acoustic response. The reverberation time was measured in three large open gymnastic areas that are separated from each other by walls. The results of the measurements show that reverberation times in two out of the three gymnastic areas exceed the recommended limits on voice frequencies. Only one gymnastics area had values inside the limits. Based on the results, the conclusion can be drawn that long reverberation is increasing the background noise. As an improvement, installation of acoustic panels or intermediate curtains is proposed in order to reduce the reverberation in the gymnastic areas. Acoustic panels should be attached to the sound-reflective walls in such a way that at least two adjacent perpendicular walls are paneled. Each of the gymnastic areas should be paneled in this way. Roof paneling is optional since the soft training platforms on the floor are sufficient to decrease the vertical reverberation.
Anaerobic digestion of organic by-products from meat-processing industry : the effect of pre-treatments and co-digestion
Premiere Pro is a powerful, timeline-based video editing software, and this personal training course uses a full-color book plus video tutorials on DVD to teach you how to use all its features. Fifteen self-paced lessons encourage you to discover the creative possibilities that Adobe’ s Premiere Pro presents. Step-by-step directions, lesson files, and an instructional video demonstrate the many exciting features of Premiere Pro. You can learn from leading instructors, and do it at your own pace.
Effects of sound reverberation on noise levels in the gymnastics areas of the Ikuri sports hall
Mixing secrets for the small studio
Special event production : the resources
Co zrobic z bobasem buu huu huu? = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
Discrimination of serial auditory patterns in rats : roles of configural and elemental associations
My first orchestra book
"This book researches both how game sound affects a player psychologically, emotionally, and physiologically, and how this relationship itself impacts the design of computer game sound and the development of technology"--
Effects of offshore petroleum operations on cold water marin mammals : a literature review
Acoustics for audiologists
What the ladybird heard next
Healing at the speed of sound : how what we hear transforms our brains and our lives
The Oxford handbook of sound studies
Modern recording techniques
On the farm
"This book explores the connections between sound and memory across all electronic media, with a particular focus on radio. Street explores our capacity to remember through sound and how we can help ourselves preserve a sense of self through the continuity of memory. In so doing, he analyzes how the brain is triggered by the memory of programs, songs, and individual sounds. He then examines the growing importance of sound archives, community radio and current research using GPS technology for the history of place, as well as the potential for developing strategies to aid Alzheimer's and dementia patients through audio memory"--
The voices within : the history and science of how we talk to ourselves
Recording tips for engineers : for cleaner, brighter tracks
Articulate objects : voice, sculpture and performance
Sound for film and television
Written by the world's leading scholars and researchers in sound studies, this handbook offers new and engaging perspectives on the significance of sound in its material and cultural forms.
Fascicle-tendon interaction in v2 skate cross-country skiing : a case study
Senses of vibration : a history of the pleasure and pain of sound
Novel pulse-echo ultrasound methods for diagnostics of osteoporosis
The Skylark
"This study examines postmodern literature-- including works by Kurt Vonnegut, William Gaddis, Don DeLillo, Philip K. Dick, Ishmael Reed, and Thomas Pynchon --arguing that one of the formal logics of postmodern fiction is heterophonia: a pluralism of sound. The postmodern novel not only bears earwitness to a crucial period in American aural history, but it also offers a critique of the American soundscape by rebroadcasting extant technological discourses. Working chronologically through four audio transmission technologies of the twentieth century (the player piano, radio, television audio, and Muzak installations), St. Clair charts the tendency of ever-proliferating audio streams to become increasingly subsumed as background sound. The postmodern novel attends specifically to this background sound, warning that inattention to the increasingly complex sonic backdrop allows for ever more sophisticated techniques of aural manipulation--from advertising jingles to mood-altering ambient sound. Building upon interdisciplinary work from the emerging field of sound culture studies, this book ultimately contends that a complementary, yet seemingly contradictory double logic characterizes the postmodern novel's engagement with narratives of aural influence. On the one hand, such narratives echo and amplify postwar fiction's media anxiety; on the other hand, they allow print fiction to appropriate the techniques of aural media. This dialectical engagement with media aurality--this simultaneous impulse to repudiate and to utilize--is the central mechanism of the heterophonic novel."--Publisher's website.
Audio branding : brands, sound and communication
Current ornithology. Vol. 14
The songs of the grasshoppers and crickets of Western Europe
Acoustic and MIDI orchestration for the contempopary composer : [a practical guide to writing and sequencing for the studio-orchestra]
Voice acting for dummies
Pro Tools all-in-one for dummies
In pursuit of silence : listening for meaning in a world of noise
Marketed recordings of hymns: old wine in new wineskins? : a musico-sociological study of developments and reception in the Nordic region since 1991.
Music from New Orleans and Warsaw: Records from the Harry Orvomaa collection
