http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4573 voice
voice
Sight, sound, motion : applied media aesthetics
"In Dialogue Editing for Motion Pictures, Second Edition veteran film sound editor John Purcell arms you with classic as well as cutting-edge practices to effectively edit dialogue for film, TV, and video. This new edition offers: - A fresh look at production workflows, from celluloid to Digital Cinema, to help you streamline your editing - Expanded sections on new software tools, workstations, and dialogue mixing, including mixing "in the box"--Fresh approaches to working with digital video and to moving projects from one workstation to another - An insider's analysis of what happens on the set, and how that affects the dialogue editor - Discussions about the interweaving histories of film sound technology and film storytelling - Eye-opening tips, tricks, and insights from film professionals around the globe - A companion website (www.focalpress.com/cw/purcell) with project files and video examples demonstrating editing techniques discussed in the book Don't allow your dialogue to become messy, distracting, and uncinematic! Do dialogue right with John Purcell's all-inclusive guide to this essential yet invisible art"--
Background noise : perspectives on sound art
Text-actor's body-expression : playing with a foreing language on stage
National Center for Voice and Speech's guide to vocology
Acoustic array systems : theory, implementation, and application
Premiere Pro CS5 and CS5.5 digital classroom
Event-related potentials of the human brain in selective dichotic listening
Artikkelikokoelma : Stockholm, Voice Physiology Conference
Audionarratology : interfaces of sound and narrative
Sound production in man : the result of a conference ... held by the New York Academy of Sciences on November 7, 8, and 9, 1966
Instant surround sound
The Fat Man on game audio : tasty morsels of sonic goodness
Low frequency ultrasound propagation in metallic media
3D-sound programming with Microsoft DirectX : Surround sound in practice
Ultrasound is one form of sound wave which is used to measure, detect and examine different kind of applications. Even though there is an already existing industrially made ultrasonic transducer that uses a high frequency ultrasound; it is expensive to get one for a personal use. Learning how to use the Olympus made ultrasonic transducer was a preliminary process before the overall step. On the other hand, there is a relatively cheaper low frequency piezoelectric in the market. Studying and testing it helps to reveal whether it can be used as a substitute in-place of one of the ultrasonic transducer’s application which is called Non Destructive Testing (NDT). It is this initial idea that the document addresses about. The property of low frequency ultrasound wave, generated by the piezoelectric (40 kHz - 300 kHz), in a metallic media is the core point. For this particular purpose six samples of piezoelectric (MCUSD18A40S09RS-30C, MCUSD13A300B09RS, MCUSR18A40B12RS MCUSD14A48S09RS-30C, MCUSD14A40S09RS-30C, MCUSD14A58S9RS-30C) were tested in different metallic media. The data collected from the experiment elaborates the analysis made in this study.
The physics of musical sounds
"The late 1960s and 1970s are widely recognized as a golden age for American film, as directors like Francis Ford Coppola, George Lucas, and Martin Scorsese expanded the Hollywood model with aesthetically innovative works. As this groundbreaking new study reveals, those filmmakers were blessed with more than just visionary eyes; Designing Sound focuses on how those filmmakers also had keen ears that enabled them to perceive new possibilities for cinematic sound design. Offering detailed case studies of key films and filmmakers, Jay Beck explores how sound design was central to the era’s experimentation with new modes of cinematic storytelling. He demonstrates how sound was key to many directors’ signature aesthetics, from the overlapping dialogue that contributes to Robert Altman’s naturalism to the wordless interludes at the heart of Terrence Malick’s lyricism. Yet the book also examines sound design as a collaborative process, one where certain key directors ceded authority to sound technicians who offered significant creative input."
Avid editing : a guide for beginning and intermediate users
Singing for dummies
The digital musician
Anaerobic digestion of organic by-products from meat-processing industry : the effect of pre-treatments and co-digestion
Effects of meteorological parameters on sound propagation
Acoustic and MIDI orchestration for the contempopary composer : [a practical guide to writing and sequencing for the studio-orchestra]
The purpose of the article is to outline Islamic discourses on sound, more particularly whispering, found in the Qur'ān, the ḥadīth literature and contemporary online fatwas, with the aim of determining whether whispering has different connotations and meanings in different contexts, literary genres and ritual contexts. Examples discussed in the article are derived from a broad range of Islamic sources, such as the Qur'ān and its exegesis and the prophetic literature, but also from a number of different fields within Muslim culture, such as the Internet, YouTube clips and notes from fieldwork among Muslim groups in Sweden. On the basis of the texts and videos selected for analysis, I discuss the belief that whispering has the potential to disturb and cause disorder, and is associated with Satan. Whispering is looked upon as an intermediate and therefore suspicious position, between silence and saying something out loud. More generally, whispering is closely associated with the negative effects of Satan's power over mankind.
Basics of video sound
Practical recording techniques
Servers and Extendable Server’s Management System for the Robot-platform  : Part of the “Roboteh” project
Fascicle-tendon interaction in v2 skate cross-country skiing : a case study
The significance of "tracheal bending" and " oesophageal opening" in high-pitched singing
Muscle hypertrophy and serum hormone concentrations during combined strength and endurance training vs. strength or endurance training only in middle aged and older women
Measurement of the bending wave power flow by the structural intensity technique
Designing sound for animation
Production sound mixing : the art and craft of sound recording for the moving image
Sonic wonderland : a scientific odyssey of sound
The voices within : the history and science of how we talk to ourselves
Ultrasound stimulation of bone and cartilage : interactions in common in vitro and tissue engineering configurations
Applying sound art research in modern electronic music production : glitch, loop, plunderphonics and sound collage as tools of production
The duration of a neuronal trace of an auditory stimulus as indicated by event-related potentials
Special event production : the resources
Macromedia Flash 8 on Demand
Sound, music, and the study of religion
Practical art of motion picture sound
Musical activities and the development of neural sound discrimination
Soundscape Research: Sounds That Describe the Image of Keski-Uusimaa and Riihimäki Region in Marketing the Area
From demo to delivery : the process of production
The mixing engineer's handbook
Sonic graphics : seeing sound
Sounds as trade marks - conditions and scope of protection
Sound medicine : the complete guide to healing with the human voice
Varmints. Part one
The free voice : a guide to natural singing
Pro Tools puts professional recording and music production software in the hands of anyone with the appropriate hardware and the knowledge to use it. Musician and recording engineer Jeff Strong guides you through the latest version of this complex program, offering twice the content of the official guide at a lower price. Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and getting your music to the masses. •	The latest version of Pro Tools offers a whole range of new possibilities for the recording artist; this soup-to-nuts guide explains everything you need to know to take full advantage of it. •	Written by a professional musician and recording engineer who has authored two previous editions of this book as well as Home Recording For Musicians For Dummies and Drums For Dummies. •	Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and distributing your music. •	Explains how to configure your computer and attach hardware, proper microphone settings, steps for getting your music to sound the way you want, tips on putting your tracks together professionally, and much more.
Fan's affect for music record formats : from vinyl LP to MP3
N2 and P3 of the ERP to GO and NOGO stimuli : a stimulus-response association and dissassociation
This book deals with the reflection of electromagnetic and particle waves by interfaces. The interfaces can be sharp or diffuse. The topics of the book contain absorption, inverse problems, anisotropy, pulses and finite beams, rough surfaces, matrix methods, numerical methods, reflection of particle waves and neutron reflection. Exact general results are presented, followed by long wave reflection, variational theory, reflection amplitude equations of the Riccati type, and reflection of short waves. There are new chapters on periodically stratified media, ellipsometry, chiral media, neutron reflection and reflection of acoustic waves. The chapter on anisotropy is much extended, with a complete treatment of the reflection and transmission properties of arbitrarily oriented uniaxial crystals.
Preoperative axillary staging in invasive breast cancer
CHARACTERISATION AND OPTIMIZING OF ULTRASOUND TRANSDUCERS FOR BREAST CANCER DIAGNOSIS AND THERAPY
Towards an artificial soundscape? Modern soundscapes under human design
The self under siege : a therapeutic model for differentiation
The Oxford handbook of sound studies
Effective website development : tools and techniques
Helmut Lemke 2004 - 2007 : The site the sound requires - über den hörwert XI
Sound aided interface of a pervasive pain monitoring system
Dynamics of the singing voice
Practical recording techniques : the step-by-step approach to professional audio recording
The recording engineer's handbook
General sound effects
Marketed recordings of hymns: old wine in new wineskins? : a musico-sociological study of developments and reception in the Nordic region since 1991.
The art of sound reproduction
Acoustic studies of voice variation
Supporting awareness with non-speech sound in ubiquitous computing applications
FFmpeg basics : multimedia handling with a fast audio and video encoder
Is neural and behavioral sound processing affected by practice strategies in musicians?
Survey of reissues of U.S. recordings
Microphone arrays : signal processing techniques and applications
Event-related potential (ERP) studies of mother-infant interaction
Dance production : design and technology
The Usborne first encyclopedia of science
Soundscape : the School of Sound lectures 1998-2001
Music engineering : the electronics of playing and recording
Implementation of an audio feature into a mobile phone
Effects of water immersion on soleus neuromuscular parameters
The science and applications of acoustics
Vibration and sound
Digital processing of environmental noise samples
Noise : a human history of sound and listening
Hearing gestures : vocalisations as embodied projections of intentionality in designing non-speech sounds for communicative functions
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
Contrast-enhanced ultrasound of abdominal organs in cats
Transphonic sounds: Commercial radio music in a shared urban environment
Speech and sign perception in deaf children with cochlear implants
This title provides researchers and working engineers with an overview of microphone array technology with applications in noise source identification and sound field visualization.
Silence of the films : a study on sound description for the hearing-impaired on DVDs in the thriller genre
Zero sound attenuation in rotating and stationary [sup 3]He-A and [sup 3]He-B
Autumn leaves : sound and the environment in artistic practice
The sound of satan: different aspects of whispering in Islamic theology
Ubiquitous musics : the everyday sounds that we don't always notice
Healing sounds : the power of harmonics
Thinking in pictures : the making of the movie Matewan
Music, language, and the brain
Get seen : online video secrets to building your business
Your body, your voice : the key to natural singing and speaking
Final Cut Pro X : advanced editing
Effects and justification of loudness war in commercial music
Creating and evaluating embodied interactive experiences : case studies of full-body, sonic and tactile enaction
Determination of Sound Power Levels using Sound Intensity
The myoelastic aerodynamic theory of phonation
Auditory demonstrations
Sound
Designing sound : audiovisual aesthetics in 1970s American cinema
Acting for life : a textbook on acting
The memory of sound : preserving the sonic past
Propagation of sound in porous media : modelling sound absorbing materials
Written by the world's leading scholars and researchers in sound studies, this handbook offers new and engaging perspectives on the significance of sound in its material and cultural forms.
Auditions : architecture and aurality
An introduction to acoustics
Final Cut Pro X : making the transition
A psychomechanical study of rolling sounds
Voice acting for dummies
The sound of bikes 99.
Sonic time machines : explicit sound, sirenic voices, and implicit sonicity
Voice as communicative action
Liposome nanoparticles for targeted drug delivery, gene delivery and magnetic imaging
Fundamentals of acoustics
Electrotherapy explained : principles and practice
Kantele as a sound producing tool
Working with audio
Development of ultrasound-assisted digestion methods for the determination of toxic element concentrations in ash samples by ICP-OES
Fast design, slow innovation : audiophotography ten years on
Radio production worktext : studio and equipment
Audio metering : measurements, standards and practice
Acoustics in moving inhomogeneous media
This is a voice : 99 exercises to train, project and harness the power of your voice
Dynamics of musical knowledge ecology : knowing-what and knowing-how in the world of sounds
"This book explores the connections between sound and memory across all electronic media, with a particular focus on radio. Street explores our capacity to remember through sound and how we can help ourselves preserve a sense of self through the continuity of memory. In so doing, he analyzes how the brain is triggered by the memory of programs, songs, and individual sounds. He then examines the growing importance of sound archives, community radio and current research using GPS technology for the history of place, as well as the potential for developing strategies to aid Alzheimer's and dementia patients through audio memory"--
From the shadows of film sound : cinematic production & creative process in video game audio : collected publications 2000-2010
Mixed-species flock size affects contact call frequencies of the crested tit, Lophophanes cristatus
The World Soundscape Project's handbook for acoustic ecology
Development of the acoustic pattern of the voice and speech in the newborn and infant
Is your voice telling on you? : how to find and use your natural voice
The intelligent ear : on the nature of sound perception
The physics of music
Genetic and environmental effects on vocal symptoms and their intercorrelations
Properties of acoustic energy quantities
Show networks and control systems
The dynamical theory of sound
Indie rock 101 : running, recording, promoting your band
Voice and articulation
Discrimination of serial auditory patterns in rats : roles of configural and elemental associations
Recording tips for engineers : for cleaner, brighter tracks
Laulupedagogi 2000-2001 : International congress of voice teachers = 5th ICVT Helsinki : Helsinki Finland 12-16 August 2001 : Voice and identity, singing the music of the world
Dialogue editing for motion pictures : a guide to the invisible art
Computed tomography and ultrasound methods for simultaneous evaluation of articular cartilage and subchondral bone
Brain mechanism of selective listening reflected by event-related potentials
Noise design : architectural modelling and the aesthetics of urban acoustic space
Striking and chiming clocks : their working and repair
Game sound technology and player interaction : concepts and development
Audio editing with cool edit
Task and noise effects on the processing negativity : application of the event-related potential techniques in noise research
Pro Tools for music production : recording, editing and mixing
Psychoacoustics : facts and models
Audio distortion measurements
"This book researches both how game sound affects a player psychologically, emotionally, and physiologically, and how this relationship itself impacts the design of computer game sound and the development of technology"--
Emotions in the human voice. Vol. 1, Foundations
Development of Ultrasound Transducer Characterization Software
If bad sound were fatal : audio would be the leading cause of death
Theory of reflection : reflection and transmission of electromagnetic, particle and acoustic waves
Natural sound
An introduction to music technology
XVth UEP Congress, Erlangen, September 14-18, 1988 : proceedings, Main topic : Objective and semiobjective examinations of voice - speech - hearing (part A) ; Postgraduate course : Vibratory patterns of the vocal folds under pathological conditions (part B)
Room acoustics
Voice : a dramatic new concept for singing and speaking
The Voice of America calling Finland 1942-1945, 1951-1953 : bibliography and notes
Designed to accompany the new Open University course in Environmental Monitoring and Protection, this is one of four new titles which will equip the reader with the tools to undertake Environmental Impact Assessments (EIAs). Used in planning, decision-making and management, EIAs review both the theoretical principles and environmental considerations of engineering and environmental projects to help steer fundamental legislation in the right direction. This book will cover the basic principles and concepts of sound and sound propagation, covering units, crite.
Sound engineering explained
The art of the sound effects editor
Graphical representation of sound trademarks - past, present and future
On the sensations of tone
Design and Assembly of a Thermoacoustic Engine Prototype
Sound synthesis and sampling
The voice and voice therapy
Audio on the web : [the official IUMA guide]
Journal of research in singing and applied vocal pedagogy
Healing at the speed of sound : how what we hear transforms our brains and our lives
Manual of voice treatment : pediatrics through geriatrics
The right to speak : working with the voice
A sound engineer's guide to audio test and measurement
Effect of ultrasonication on algal and bacterial growth in fresh water
Proceedings of international conference on voice : a satellite meeting of XXth congress of IAALP, July 28-29, 1986 Kurume, Japan
Event-related brain potentials during selective listening : selection of relevant stimuli
"This book will provide therapists with the tools necessary to help their clients differentiate themselves from their parents, families of origin, and other influences that have unconsciously dominated and predetermined their lives. The authors argue that most of us are unaware of the extent to which our lives have been predetermined and pre-empted by a parent whose thoughts, beliefs, and feelings can actually be antagonistic to our own goals and desires. An integrative theoretical approach to personality development and human behavior is introduced, providing the foundation for an innovative cognitive-affective-behavioral therapeutic process centered around Firestone's Voice Therapy technique".
The book will try to make you familiar with FFmpeg tools that are used by Facebook, Google and many other companies. You will learn how to: Scale, pad, crop, flip, rotate, blur, sharpen and denoise video. Speed up or slow down audio and video. Create sounds with mathematical expressions. Generate refrain of winter song Jingle Bells let the computer to read the text with selected voice. Display and record input from your webcam. Record input from microphone or send it to loudspeakers. Convert video to images and images to video. Add static or dynamic text on video. Add, edit or delete file metadata. Preview modified input in 2, 3 or 4 windows. Include a logo or provide Picture in Picture. Simplify repeated tasks with batch jobs. Display input from 2 webcams in one window. Set the bitrate, frame rate, maximum file size and related options. Display FFmpeg help and information about its codecs, formats, protocols, etc. Use various filters in filterchains and filtergraphs. Encode subtitles directly to the video stream. Join various file formats, modify streams and modify audio channels. Monetize uploads on video sharing websites and much more. Book is printed in full color, contains over 100 tables and over 150 images including various diagrams and can be used both like a tutorial and reference.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Anatomy in diagnostic imaging
Localization and tracing of early acoustic reflections in enclosures
Introducing timbre to design of semi-abstract earcons
Digital filmmaking : an introduction
Sound and Cetacea
The classical ideal
Acting with the voice : the art of recording books
Game sound : an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of video game music and sound design
Noise, water, meat : a history of sound in the arts
Intervention study measuring thickness of the Transversus abdominis muscle in young adults with sub-acute low back pain by Ultrasound Imaging
Sound for film and television
Voice Processing Using MATLAB as a Tool
ERPS in a combined memory comparison and selective attention paradigm
The great animal orchestra : finding the origins of music in the world's wild places
Pro Tools all-in-one for dummies
Foundation Flash CS5 for designers
The soprano voice : a personal guide to acquiring a superior singing technique : a manual for training the voice
Use and Management of Music in High-End Restaurants in Helsinki
Le son en perspective : nouvelles recherches = New perspectives in sound studies
Sound production : technical notes for the non-technician
Sound propagation in large factories
Laboratory environment of PC technology & device design
Mixing secrets for the small studio
The new television handbook
XVth UEP Congress, Erlangen, September 14-18, 1988 : proceedings, supplement
Novel pulse-echo ultrasound methods for diagnostics of osteoporosis
Creating and Designing Sound Effects for a Mobile Game
Vocal fold paralysis : a follow-up study
Loops and grooves : The musician's guide to groove machines and loop sequencer
This guide to sound design for animated films explains audio software, free downloads, how sound works, the power of sound when wielded by an animation filmmaker, and provides examples for how to use sound to enliven your films with professional sound.
Modern recording techniques
Construction of Sound Models using Freely Available Data
Music from New Orleans and Warsaw: Records from the Harry Orvomaa collection
Premiere Pro is a powerful, timeline-based video editing software, and this personal training course uses a full-color book plus video tutorials on DVD to teach you how to use all its features. Fifteen self-paced lessons encourage you to discover the creative possibilities that Adobe’ s Premiere Pro presents. Step-by-step directions, lesson files, and an instructional video demonstrate the many exciting features of Premiere Pro. You can learn from leading instructors, and do it at your own pace.
Dance music manual : tools, toys and techniques
Audionarratology is a new 'postclassical' narratology that explores interfaces of sound, voice, music and narrative in different media and across disciplinary boundaries. This is the first book to bring together cutting-edge research on audio art and forms of sound narration hitherto neglected in narratology: radio plays, audiobooks, audio guides, mobile phone theatre, performance poetry, concept albums, digital stories, computer games, songs.
Processing of sound rise time in children and adults with and without reading problems
The Moving voice : the integration of voice and movement studies presented by the Voice & Speech review
Emotions in the human voice. Vol. 2, Clinical evidence
Call to composers, musicians and multimedia artists to participate in a survey establishing user requirements on local positioning systems for spatially interactive applications
Arthroscopic ultrasound imaging of articular cartilage
"In this thought-provoking book, noted clinical psychologist Robert Firestone and his co-authors explore the struggle that all of us face in striving to retain a sense of ourselves as unique individuals. An important addition to the area of personality development theory, it offers a new perspective on differentiation and the battle to separate ourselves from the chains of the past".
Acoustical designing in architecture
An investigation into the role of exposure to speech sounds during sleep in auditory perceptual learning
Beyond dolby (stereo) : cinema in the digital sound age
Sound wise: creating applied visual art experiences in Lapland
Championing the Finnish concrète : the transmissions and distractions of Patrick Kosk
Gender and the telephone : voice and emotions shaping and gendering space
Laryngeal muscle activity and eye movements during oral reading
The baritone voice : a personal guide to acquiring a superior singing technique : a manual for training the voice
Predicting outdoor sound
Effects of authority: Voicescapes in children s beliefs about the learning of English
