http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4583 economic condition
economic condition economic situation
Russia 2030 based on contracts
The struggle to save the Soviet economy : Mikhail Gorbachev and the collapse of the USSR
The political economy of Putin's Russia
The global outlook has weakened slightly
Regional economic outlook : Sub-Saharan Africa : May 2005
Regional economic outlook : Sub-Saharan Africa : sustaining the expansion : October 2011
Regional economic outlook : Western Hemisphere : shifting winds, new policy challenges : October 2011
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
Cambodian economy : charting the course of a brighter future : a survey of progress, problems and prospects
Regional economic outlook : Middle East and Central Asia : November 2012
Regional economic outlook : Sub-Saharan Africa : resilience and risks : October 2010
Understanding China : center stage of the fourth power
Regional economic outlook : Asia and Pacific : sustaining the momentum: vigilance and reforms : April 2014
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
The fall in the oil price is broadly reflected across the current situation in the global economy and the outlook for the future. According to most assessments, the oil price drop is for the most part a positive supply shock that in the short term will support growth and slow inflation in net oil-importing countries. In addition to the oil price, long-term interest rates have also declined substantially in the euro area. As a whole, the outlook for the advanced economies has strengthened on average, while the outlook for many emerging economies has weakened. There are, however, major differences within the country groups, a fact also reflected in exchange rates. A particular case in point is the appreciation of the US dollar..
The European miracle : environments, economies, and geopolitics in the history of Europe and Asia
Secrets behind Korea's economic success
The Haitian economy : man, land and markets
Spatial organization : the geographer's view of the world
Order and conflict in contemporary capitalism
Sweden in a new international economic order : a project presentation
Contemporary Russia
Finnish exports declined 0.8% in 2014, lagging further behind the export markets and world trade growth, and they are set to barely grow at all in 2015. The scale of the problem is illustrated by the fact that the volume of exports is still approximately EUR 10 billion lower than in 2007. If exports had continued to grow on their long-term trend after 2007, the loss now would be that much greater. If the negative indirect impact of poor export performance on e.g. investment were taken into account, the final bill would increase further still..
Regional economic outlook : Asia and Pacific : stabilizing and outperforming other regions : April 2015
Assessing progress in Africa toward the millennium development goals : MDG report 2013 : food security in Africa : issues, challenges and lessons
Regional economic outlook : Western Hemisphere : rising challenges : April 2014
China economic review's : China business guide 2006
Jyv채skyl채 Paviljonki and it's impact on tourism in Jyv채skyl채
Syria and the Euro-Mediterranean relationship
Economics, peace and laughter, a contemporary guide : essays
Asia and Japan : the search for modernization and identity
Lishi de xiongbian : Zhongguo jingji 1949-1988 nian su miao = A sketch of Chinese economy, 1949-1988
Disability and poverty / : a global challenge
Regional economic outlook : Western Hemisphere : northern spring, southern chills : April 2015
The Malaysian economy : spatial perspectives
Russia's uncertain economic future : with a comprehensive subject index
An overview of Korea's economic development. From a poverty stricken nation its economy is now the 12th largest.
Competitiveness and business environment in Finland : an international benchmarking
Abortion Wishes and Abortion Prevention - Women Seeking Legal Termination of Pregnancy During the 1950s and 1960s in Finland
Regional economic outlook : Asia and Pacific : consolidating the recovery and building sustainable growth : October 2010
Japan's industrial structure : a long range vision
New paradigm in macroeconomics : solving the riddle of Japanese macroeconomic performance
Regional economic outlook : Sub-Saharan Africa : staying the course : October 2014
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
Regional economic outlook : Sub-Saharan Africa : fostering durable and inclusive growth : April 2014
The Singapore economy : an econonometric perspective
Growling tiger, roaring dragon : India, China and the new world order
Factors influencing the success and performance of Finnish companies in Japan
State of Finlands forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Economic survey : March 2007
The Eastasia edge
Contemporary Alaskan native economies
In the shadow of South Africa : Lesotho's economic future
The Thai economy in transition
Christian theology and market economics /.
What if exports don't recover in the years ahead?
Forecast for 2016-2018
European competitiveness report 2013 : towards knowledge-based reindustrialisation : Commission staff working document SWD (2013)347 final
Southeast Asia : a region in transition : a thematic human geography of the ASEAN region
Asian economic systems
Regional economic outlook : Middle East and Central Asia : October 2011
The 2nd ASEAN reader
Essays on developing economies
The chemical industry during the nineteenth century : a study of the economic aspect of applied chemistry in Europe and North America
The Fruits of work and struggle
Regional outlook : Southeast Asia 2007-2008
Alternatives to economic globalization : a better world is possible : a report of the international forum on globalization
Contemporary South Korean capitalism : its workings and challenges
Postwar Vietnam : dynamics of a transforming society
Forecast for 2015-2017
Taiwan in the Asia-Pacific in the 1990s
Regional economic outlook : Sub-Saharan Africa : supplement : October 2005
An evaluation of the effects of national aids for Southern Finland
Economics and the public purpose
Overall, the outlook for the global economy has weakened slightly during the last six months. The difficulties of the emerging economies are dampening global prospects at the same time as growth in the advanced economies has even exceeded the estimated growth rate for potential output. During the forecast period (2016-2018), moderate growth in the advanced economies will continue. World trade will grow slowly, at the same pace as global GDP..
Capitalism and underdevelopment in Latin America : historical studies of Chile and Brazil
Gaige kaifang shi qi nian de Zhongguo diqu jingji = : China regional economy a profile of 17 years of reform and opening-up
Globalization demystified : Africa's possible development futures
ASEAN 9+1 : competitiveness ranking indices : annual IPS-NTU
Big business, poor peoples : how transnational corporations damage the world's poor
Economic survey : February 2006
Uganda : a modern history
The last phase in the transformation of capitalism
Regional outlook : Southeast Asia 2006-2007
Regional economic outlook : Middle East and Central Asia : November 2013
Contemporary Chinese economy
The political economy of a city-state : government-made Singapore
Meltdown : a free-market look at why the stock market collapsed, the economy tanked, and government bailouts will make things worse
Speech at the festive meeting dedicated to the semicentenary anniversary of the Romanian Communist Party : May 7, 1971
India : the road ahead
Finland's economic situation remains difficult
Forecast for the Finnish economy in 2015-2017
OECD economic surveys 1989/1990 : United States
Propagation of financial shocks : empirical studies of financial spillovers
Growth triangle : the Johor-Singapore-Riau experience
Understanding economic reforms in Africa : a tale of seven nations
The Polish economy : legacies from the past, prospects for the future
Pulp and paper problem in Colombia
Japan's economy at the crossroads : 30 years of transition
Economic conditions in Estonia, December 1935
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
Forecast for 2017-2019
Regional outlook : Southeast Asia 2008-2009
Contemporary China : from Mao to capitalism
Regional economic outlook : Europe : navigating stormy waters : October 2011
Regional economic outlook : Middle East and Central Asia : October 2014
Falling oil prices translate into an income transfer from producers to consumers
This article studies Finnish abortion-seeking women in the 1950s and 1960s by investigating the life situations of the abortion-seeking women and their possibilities to regulate childbearing under the 1950 Abortion Act. During the 1950s and 1960s, abortion was legal in Finland only on medical, ethical or eugenic grounds. The data consists of patient documents of the Finnish Family Federations (Vestliitto) Tampere social counseling service (sosiaalineuvola) from the years 1955 and 1968 and the documents mainly comprise abortion requests. Results show that in 1955 83 percent and in 1968 68 percent of the abortion-seeking women were married. 90 percent of them had two or more children and the mothers often requested abortion because of poor financial or social circumstances. The family conditions of these women were often described as difficult, as they had the main responsibility for taking care of and providing for their families. The majority of the abortion requests were denied. In 1955, only 16 percent of the abortion-seeking women received an affirmative decision from the Family Federation whereas the share of admitted abortions in 1968 was 42 percent. The documents show a severe collision between the womens wishes for abortion and the societys interest to prevent abortions for pronatalist reasons. The data also indicates that women were not treated equally because their own determined and persistant behaviour as well as the doctoral practices influenced the abortion decisions. .
Czech society in the 2000s : a report on socio-economic policies and structures
This book is about being disabled and being poor and the social, cultural and political processes that link these two aspects of living. Environmental barriers, limited access to services and discriminatory attitudes and practice are among key elements that drive disabled people into poverty and keep them there. 'Disability and poverty' explores the lived realities of people with disabilities from across the developing world and examines how the coping strategies of individuals and families emerge in different contexts. It is aimed at the disability community, academics and policy makers in poverty and global welfare.
Reflections on the world economic crisis
Economic importance of parcel structure on Finnish farms
The continuing evolution of Europe
Postcommunist transformation and the social sciences : cross-disciplinary approaches
Business opportunities in Myanmar
FDI and development in Vietnam : policy implications
OECD economic surveys : Germany. 2012.
The effect of limiting statutory auditors' civil liability on financial reporting quality : empirical evidence on liability caps and earnings management in Europe
European competitiveness report 2014 : helping firms grow: Commission staff working document SWD (2014)277 final
Regional economic outlook : Asia and Pacific : navigating an uncertain global environment while building inclusive growth : October 2011
Laissez Faire versus Policy-Led Transformation : lessons of the economic reforms in Russia
Politics or markets? : essays on Haitian underdevelopment
Economic outlook
The Finnish economy is still in a difficult situation. During the forecast period, the return to growth will be very sluggish and much slower than in the rest of the euro area. Developments in Finland's export markets now look weaker than previously forecast, and as a result foreign trade will give little stimulus to the economy in the immediate years ahead. During the forecast period, growth will depend on domestic demand. In 2016, the Finnish economy will grow 0.7%, followed by 1.0% in 2017. Risks to the forecast are predominantly on the downside and productivity development will be weak..
Regional economic outlook : Middle East and Central Asia : October 2010
Accidental occidental : economics and culture of transition in Mitteleuropa, the Baltic, and the Balkan Area
The East Asian development experience : the miracle, the crisis and the future
