http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4584 economic development
economic development
Bad samaritans : the guilty secrets of rich nations and the threat to global prosperity
Social policy and economic development in the Nordic countries
The place of conventional economics in a world with communities and social goods
World economic outlook : April 2002 : Recessions and recoveries
Third five year plan : a draft outline
China's economic development : the interplay of scarcity and ideology
Economic survey : September 2002.
The role of Skolkovo as a top priority initiative of the Russian innovation policy
India stands out
Role of the old and new institutional framework in combating the resource curse in Kazakhstan
Factors in economic development
The future of Murmansk Oblast assessed by three Delphi panels
Adventures in Aidland : the anthropology of professional international development
Anthropological interest in new subjects of research and contemporary knowledge practices has turned ethnographic attention to a wide ranging variety of professional fields. Among these the encounter with international development has perhaps been longer and more intimate than any of the others. Anthropologists have drawn critical attention to the interfaces and social effects of development's discursive regimes but, oddly enough, have paid scant attention to knowledge producers themselves, despite anthropologists being among them, which is the focus of this volume. It concerns the construction and transmission of knowledge about global poverty and its reduction but is equally interested in the social life of development professionals, in the capacity of ideas to mediate relationships, in networks of experts and communities of aid workers, and in the dilemmas of maintaining professional identities. Going well beyond obsolete debates about 'pure' and 'applied' anthropology, the book examines the transformations that occur as social scientific concepts and practices cross and re-cross the boundary between anthropological and policy making knowledge.
Globalization, liberalization and equitable development : lessons from East Asia
Who benefits from state and local economic development policies?
Abstract.
Open access publishing as a bridge across the digital divide
Essays on industrial development and political economy of Africa
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
The politics of agrarian transformation in Mexico
Structural development and regional concentration of agriculture in Finland in 1975-2008
The usefulness of foresight data for future planning
China at the crossroads
Conditional convergence adjusted for human capital in the Solow-Swan model
Development theory and the Third World
International economics : the theory of policy
This paper evaluates the development of the socio-spatial structures and geoeconomic position of Murmansk Oblast up the year 2025. The study applies strong prospective trends and industrial cluster approaches in analysis and interpretation and it interprets the results in the context of regional development theories.The Delphi method is applied for analysing the potential development paths of Murmansk Oblast. Two Delphi panels were set up in 2005. The panel data in this article consist of the answers of 77 persons including pilot interview. The experts in the Murmansk panel are from Murmansk Oblast, the ones in the Moscow panel are from Moscow and St. Petersburg, and those in the international panel come from Finland, Norway and Great Britain. The clusters of transportation and energy will be the most probable growth sectors in Murmansk Oblast during 2005-25. According to the expert panels the three most important strong prospective main trends influencing socio-economic development in Murmansk Oblast constitute the potential of logistics and transport, the impacts of new technology and globalisation. From the viewpoint of development theories the development of Murmansk Oblast seems to rely very much on the argumentation of the resources and physical environment and supply-side theories.
Political effectiveness of agricultural policies : an empirical analysis
The affluent society
European trade policy : disintegrating region
Experiences from growth and transformation in the post-war period : the country study for Finland
Big agenda : President Trump's Plan to Save America
OECD economic surveys : Japan. 1991/1992
OECD economic surveys : Japan. 1992-1993
Economic development R.O.C. (Taiwan) 2007
Assisting reform in post-communist Ukraine 2000-2012 : the illusions of donors and the disillusion of beneficiaries
New directions in development economics : growth, environmental concerns and government in the 1990s
OECD economic surveys : Japan. 1993-1994
Assessing cultural factors influencing choice of business entry mode in a developing country: Case Biolan Group and Global Dry Toilet Association of Finland in Zambia
World development report 1979.
This highly unique book takes a fundamental look at when and how a government can fail at its core responsibility of formulating rules. Government, representing society, relates to the economy by formulating the rules within which (market) players should operate. Although market and business failure are much discussed in the economics literature, government failure is often overlooked. This book addresses this gap, exploring in detail what constitutes government failure. Wilfred Dolfsma illustrates that it is not adequate to discuss government failure simply with reference to its level of expenditure, as is usually the case. Defining government failure and analysing it in the domains of health care, innovation and technology, he explores topics such as how market and society relate, consequences of conflicts between government policies, how government should (not) intervene, the vulnerability of institutions and rules (set out by government), and suggests a welfare perspective for evaluative purposes. This stimulating and thought provoking book will prove a fascinating read for academics, researchers and advanced students in economics - particularly public choice and institutional economics - public administration, policy studies, and law and economics.
Accelerated development in Southern Africa
The decline of jute : managing industrial change
The yo-yo yen : and the future of the Japanese economy
India and the knowledge economy : leveraging strengths and opportunities
Economic trends and impacts in the ESCWA region
Politics of development in the Barents region
How an economy grows and why it crashes : a tale
Economic outlook
Leading issues in development economics : selected materials and commentary
How markets work and fail, and what to make of them
Estimating the long run relationship between income inequality and economic development
Essays in institutional and development economics
Land, power and technology : essays on political economy and historical development
Empirical assessment of sustainability and feasibility of government debt : the Philippines case
Going Chinese : Is Exchange Rate Undervaluation a Relevant Policy for Boosting Africa's Manufactured Export Sector
Facing the challenges of the early 1990s
Handbook of development economics. Volume 3B
Development of the Tertiary Sector : A Comparative Analysis Between BRIC Countries and Select Developed Economies
Globalization and regional growth in Europe
Russian economy and imports to contract substantially in 2015.
Localizing development : does participation work?
Building market institutions in South Eastern Europe : comparative prospects for investment and private sector development
Economic development in twentieth century East Asia : the international context
Leading issues in economic development
Handbook of development economics. Volume 3A
Applied evolutionary economics : new empirical methods and simulation techniques
Entrepreneurship and dynamics in the knowledge economy
The Russian economy has begun to contract due to the fall in the price of oil. GDP will contract by over 4% in 2015. The uncertainty will cause a decline in investment, and consumption will be cut particularly by rapid inflation. Imports will be reduced by the contracting economy, a weak rouble and declining export income. In 2016-2017, the price of oil will rise and the contraction in the economy and imports will flatten out. Forecast risks relating to investment and imports, in particular, are high.
Governance matters : China's developing western region with a focus on Qinghai province
An introduction to the Chinese economy : the driving forces behind modern day China
NGOs capacity in development management : experience from Bangladesh
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Export-led development strategy : the East Asian model
The Economic development of a Chinese special economic zone : case of the Pearl River Delta
Bad luck or wrong policies? : external shocks, domestic adjustment, and the growth slowdown in Latin America and the Caribbean
Debunking economics : the naked emperor dethroned?
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
The origins of the self-managing enterprise system in Yugoslavia 1945-1953
When India became independent in 1947 after two centuries of colonial rule, it immediately adopted a firmly democratic political system, with multiple parties, freedom of speech, and extensive political rights. Maintaining rapid as well as environmentally sustainable growth remains an important and achievable goal for India. Two of India's leading economists argue that the country's main problems lie in the lack of attention paid to the essential needs of the people, especially of the poor, and often of women. In the long run, even the feasibility of high economic growth is threatened by the underdevelopment of social and physical infrastructure and the neglect of human capabilities.
Economic change in America : readings in the economic history of the United States
The present study focuses on two important dynamic capabilities in regional innovation systems: visionary capability and innovative capability. Visionary capability is based on the ability to acquire and assimilate future-oriented knowledge, and innovative capability on the ability to transform and exploit the acquired knowledge in the actual innovation processes. In the regional innovation system, innovation processes often take place in heterogeneous multi-actor innovation networks that set special demands for the absorptive capacity of the entire system. The present article sheds light on the aggregate process of generating and using foresight knowledge in regional innovation processes. Experiences gained by resource-based futures research and an "innovation session method" in the Lahti Region in Finland are described in a case study.
Understanding East Asia's economic "miracles"
In Reinventing Discovery, Michael Nielsen argues that we are living at the dawn of the most dramatic change in science in more than 300 years. This change is being driven by powerful new cognitive tools, enabled by the internet, which are greatly accelerating scientific discovery. There are many books about how the internet is changing business or the workplace or government. But this is the first book about something much more fundamental: how the internet is transforming the nature of our collective intelligence and how we understand the world. Reinventing Discovery tells the exciting story of an unprecedented new era of networked science. We learn, for example, how mathematicians in the Polymath Project are spontaneously coming together to collaborate online, tackling and rapidly demolishing previously unsolved problems. We learn how 250,000 amateur astronomers are working together in a project called Galaxy Zoo to understand the large-scale structure of the Universe, and how they are making astonishing discoveries, including an entirely new kind of galaxy. These efforts are just a small part of the larger story told in this book--the story of how scientists are using the internet to dramatically expand our problem-solving ability and increase our combined brainpower. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand how the online world is revolutionizing scientific discovery today--and why the revolution is just beginning.
Baltic Europe in the perspective of global change
Politics or markets? : essays on Haitian underdevelopment
The elusive quest for growth in Argentina
The development of the American economy
Economic development in Taiwan
This volume examines the relationship between Nordic social policy and economic development from a comparative perspective. It identifies the driving forces behind the development of the Nordic welfare model and the problems and dilemmas the model is facing at present. The book also traces the link between democratization and social policy, drawing attention to the role of the state and non-governmental organizations. Social Policy and Economic Development in Nordic Countries examines Nordic social policies on unemployment, social care, family, education and health care policies, and reviews future challenges of the welfare state in the information society.
The global outlook has weakened slightly
National policies that connect ICT-based education reform to economic and social development
Its on the televisions, in the papers and in our minds. Every day were bludgeoned by news of how bad everything is - financial collapse, unemployment, growing poverty, environmental disasters, disease, hunger, war. But the rarely acknowledged reality is that the economic and social progress of the past few decades has been unprecedented and that by almost any index you care to identify, things are markedly better now than they have ever been for almost everyone alive. Examining official data from the worlds most trusted institutions like the United Nations, the World Bank and the World Health Organization, political commentator Johan Norberg traces just how far we have come in tackling the greatest global problems. None of them have been eradicated, but as Norberg shows we now have a good idea of the solutions and have started to implement them in most areas. We know what it will take to see this progress continue. Dramatic, uplifting and sure to be divisive, Progress is a call for optimism in our pessimistic, doom-laden world.
Government failure : society, markets and rules
World economic outlook : a survey by the Staff of the International Monetary Fund, October 1997.
The future and changing economies of rural areas : project report D18 of RURBAN, minutes meeting study areas
Short-term prospects for the European economies : report to the AIECE spring 1987 meeting
Economic development : analysis and policy
Computers and economic growth in Finland
Creating capabilities : the human development approach
Essays on shocks, welfare, and poverty dynamics : microeconometric evidence from Ethiopia
Essays in the economics of knowledge
The Oxford handbook of entrepreneurship
Good governance in land tenure and administration
Testing value investing strategies and analyzing their characteristics : evidence from North and Latin America
Ten years of economic transformation : the economies in transition and the EU enlargement. Vol. 3, Societies and institutions in transition
The process of economic development
Hungary at the turn of the 21th century : long-term challenges and opportunities
Assessing progress in Africa toward the millennium development goals : MDG report 2013 : food security in Africa : issues, challenges and lessons
The retreat of democracy and other itinerant essays on globalization, economics, and India
The end of economics? : ethics and the disorder of progress
Theory of economic dynamics : an essay on cyclical and long-run changes in capitalist economy
A method for assessing absorptive capacity of a regional innovation system
Vietnam's rural transformation
Essays on emerging financial markets, political institutions and development differences
Determinants of capital structure : evidence on Chinese companies
The least developed countries : report 2002
Handbook on constructing composite indicators : methodology and user guide
Tourism and development in the Third World
Asian economic systems
Finance, research, education, and growth
Korea : a world of potential : your guide to doing business with Korea
The road less travelled : sustainable development as the ultimate chance
Second five year plan
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008–2009
Economic growth and declining social welfare
The determinants of the revolutionary disintegration of the state in Iran
Thailand's economic recovery
Development and gender equality : consequences, causes, challenges and cures
Alternatives to economic globalization : a better world is possible : a report of the international forum on globalization
Whither African economies?
GDP growth in Russia : Different Capital Stock Series and the Terms of Trade
Southern Europe transformed : political and economic change in Greece, Italy, Portugal and Spain
Soviet economic slowdown once more
Summary.
Study of the flying geese theory from a political point of view : a Japanese propaganda argument in the post world war II era
Overall, the outlook for the global economy has weakened slightly during the last six months. The difficulties of the emerging economies are dampening global prospects at the same time as growth in the advanced economies has even exceeded the estimated growth rate for potential output. During the forecast period (2016-2018), moderate growth in the advanced economies will continue. World trade will grow slowly, at the same pace as global GDP..
OECD economic outlook. Historical statistics
Entrepreneurship is a key factor in economic growth, innovation, & the development of firms & businesses. Written by leading scholars, this book presents a comprehensive review of the research in entrepreneurship.
Russia's economic transitions : from late tsarism to the new millennium
Government Policy and the Demands for Economic Innovations: A Historical Example of a European Periphery
Partnerships in development : progress in the fight against poverty
Best practice in the development of entrepreneurship and SMEs in countries in transition : the Belarusian experience
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
Innovation, universities, and the competitiveness of regions
Productivity growth in the Nordic countries : an appraisal of analysis, data and methodological information
Reintegrating Iran with the West : challenges and opportunities
The German economy during the nineteenth century
Analysis of performances and assessment of growth and productivity in the ESCWA region
Agricultural stagnation and government policy in Somalia (1970-1990)
Asian development outlook
Challenges of Qinghai Province
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
OECD economic surveys : Ireland. 1988/1989
The SAGE handbook of international social work
Lithuania's secession from the economic space of the former Soviet union
Big picture economics : how to navigate the new global economy
Finance-growth nexus and convergence
Regional economic structures in Finland : analyses of location and regional economic impact
A good disruption : redefining growth in the twenty-first century
Capital formation and economic development
Canada's economic development 1867-1953 : with special reference to changes in the country's national product and national wealth
Ten years of economic transformation : the economies in transition and the EU enlargement. Vol. 1, The economics in transition and the EU Enlargement
From trade-driven growth to growth-driven trade : reappraising the East Asian development experience
Innovation in China : the Chengdu triangle
Annual economic report 1988-89 : preparing for 1992
The Swedish model reassessed : affluence despite the welfare state
Information technology and economic development : an introduction to the research issues
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
This article analyses structural and regional development and concentration of agriculture in terms of jobs and value of production, here value added, in Finland during 1975-2008 based on statistical and georeferenced data. The empirical results showed us that, while the relative socioeconomic importance of agriculture has decreased all over Finland, the role of agriculture varies a great deal between regions. Agricultural development trends both in terms of number of jobs and value of production, have been different from total economic development since the mid-1980s. As with economic functions in general, a regional concentration trend has taken place in agriculture. However, this trend has been stronger in all industries together and compared to other industries, agriculture as a whole is still regionally evenly dispersed. The reasons behind this can be found in historical, societal and political factors, and tight connections between agriculture and surrounding land and natural circumstances.
Geographies of Development: an Introduction to Development Studies remains a core, balanced and comprehensive introductory textbook for students of Development Studies, Development Geography and related fields. This clear and concise text encourages critical engagement by integrating theory alongside practice and related key topics throughout. It demonstrates informatively that ideas concerning development have been many and varied and highly contested - varying from time to time and from place to place. With a new colour layout and in-chapter features such as Key Ideas, Boxed Case Studies and Summaries, students will find this an easy-to-use text which will focus them on the most important information in this area of study.
Geographies of development : an introduction to development studies
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
Health and economic development in South-Eastern Europe
International diversification measurement : the consideration of international involvement and diversity in global strategic planning
Report of the High-level Panel on Information and Communication Technology : New York, 17-20 April 2000.
The great degeneration : how institutions decay and economies die
Monetary bulletin
OECD economic surveys : Sweden. 1993-1994
Essays on the measurement of economic growth
An introduction to development economics
Assessing regional integration in Africa 2008 : towards monetary and financial integration in Africa
Resource management in the North
Institutional monocropping and monotasking in Africa
Development in rich and poor countries : a general theory with statistical analyses
Review of sustainable development and productivity activities
Change and development - Latin America's great task : report submitted to the Inter-American Development Bank
Russia 2030 based on contracts
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
Capability building for catching-up : historical, empirical and policy dimensions
World economic and social survey. 2014/2015, Learning from national supporting MDG implementation
Global economic growth has been resting on the performance of the BRICS countries (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa), but now these countries are facing headwinds. China's economic growth is slowing down, Brazil's and Russia's economies are contracting, and growth in South Africa is sluggish. Within this group, India's economy of 1.3 billion people stands out to its advantage. India's economic growth is strengthening and, according to forecasts by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), stood at 7.3% in 2015. IMF projects India's growth rate to accelerate further and to reach levels close to 8% by the end of the decade, which underpins India's position as the world's fastest-growing large economy..
The potential of development contracts and conditionality : towards sustainable development compacts
An uncertain glory : India and its contradictions
Development theory : an introduction
To be or not to be in Vietnam : market study of realities, business and industry
Progress : ten reasons to look forward to the future
Economic development in the nineteenth century : France, Germany, Russia and the United States
The economic development of China
Theories of comparative economic growth
OECD economic surveys : United Kingdom. 1993-1994
Annual review of developments in globalization and regional integration in the countries of ESCWA region : summary
After a description of the new forms of globalization currently shaping our world, and of their possible spatial effects, the book highlights which European regions have in the past succeeded in taking advantage of globalization trends and identifies the major reasons for their success. The book also offers a prospective analysis utilizing scenarios based on different assumptions of how globalization trends will develop, identifying the regional winners and losers for each scenario. The analysis greatly benefits from a unique database which contains, among others, data on FDI by sector and professions at the regional Nuts-2 level for all 27 EU countries. A time-span of more than 10 years is covered, and scenarios are developed for the future development up to 2020.
