http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4594 native varieties
native varieties land race varieties
Impacts on agricultural development by Constantin Boije, a missionary and the first plant breeder in Finland
Restoring heritage grains : the culture, biodiversity, resilience, and cuisine of ancient wheats
Oz Clarke's wine guide : the essential guide to getting the most out of your wine drinking
Genes from the wild : using wild genetic resources for food and raw materials
Holland bulb forcer's guide
The Nordic Gene Bank's Prunus clone archive in Finland. 1, Local races of sour cherry
Nutritional status of apple orchards in the Åland Islands 1993-1995
Diversity of Nordic landrace potatoes (Solanum tuberosum L.) revealed by ALFPs and morphological characters
European landraces : on-farm conservation, management and use / M. Veteläinen, V. Negri, N. Maxted (eds.)
Bramble production : the management and marketing of raspberries and blackberries
Influence of soil type on half-highbush blueberry productivity
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Volume 2 : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
Seed policy and programmes in Latin America and the Caribbean : proceedings of the Regional Technical Meeting on Seed Policy and Programmes in Latin America and the Caribbean : Merida, Mexico, 20-24 March 2000
Dictionary of cultivated plants and their regions of diversity : excluding most ornamentals, forest trees and lower plants
New light on a hidden treasure : International Year of the Potato 2008 : an end-of year review
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
The Nordic oat catalogue
Stability of potato meristem clones : Nordic-Estonian co-operation on seed potato production
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
Breeding of neglected and under-utilized crops, spices, and herbs
Naked (nud) barley, Hordeum vulgare : a series of misunderstandings of its onomatopoetic name himalais- as himmels- ('celestial'), himalayense and guimalaye ('Himalayan') along with its migration
Resistance to powdery mildew in selections from barley landraces collected in Greece
The Nordic Gene Bank's Prunus clone archive in Finland. 2, Local races of plum
The wild blueberry book
Genetic improvement of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) using local germplasm assisted by molecular markers
In Restoring Heritage Grains, author Eli Rogosa of the Heritage Grain Conservancy, invites readers to restore forgotten wheats such as delicious gluten-safe einkorn that nourished the first Neolithic farmers, emmert́he grain of ancient Israel, Egypt, and Rome that is perfect for pasta and flatbreads, rare durums that are drought-tolerant and high in protein, and many more little known wheat species, each of which have a lineage intertwined with the human species and that taste better than any modern wheat. Restoring Heritage Grains combines the history of grain growing and society, in-depth practical advice on landrace wheat husbandry, wheat folk traditions and mythology, and guidelines for the Neolithic diet with traditional recipes for rustic bread, pastry and beer. Discover the ancient grains that may be one of the best solutions to hunger today, and provide resilience for our future.--COVER.
Proceedings of the First International Conference on Indigenous Vegetables and Legumes Prospectus for Fighting Poverty, Hunger and Malnutrition : Hyderabad, India, December 12-15, 2006
Viljalajikkeiden taudinalttius virallisissa lajikekokeissa 1996-2003 = Disease susceptibility of cereal varieties in Finnish official variety trials 1996-2003
Morphological and moleular markers diversity in Ethiopian landrace barleys : implications to in situ and ex situ conservation of landrace materials
Ecological Infrastructures : ideabook on functional biodiversity at the farm level ; temperate zoones of Europa = Ökologische Infrastrukturen ; Ideenbuch zur funktionalen Biodiversität auf Betriebsebene ; gemässigte Zonen Europas
Third International Strawberry Symposium : Veldhoven, the Netherlands, 29 April - 4 May 1996. Vol. 2
The aim of the present study was to determine the influence of mineral and peat soil condition on the growth, yield and nutrient uptake of some half-highbush blueberry cultivars. The peat soil experimental site was located in a harvested (milled) peat field. Four half-highbush blueberry (  Vaccinium spp.) cultivars (five- and six-year-old plants) were used in the experiment: "Aino", "Alvar", "Arne", and "Northblue". Environmental conditions exercised a considerable influence on biological processes of half-highbush blueberry, at the same time, a genotype-based variation was observed. Cultivar "Northblue" had a higher yield in mineral soil and "Aino" had the highest yield in peat soil considering the average of two years. The peat soil condition in the harvested peat field provided a better supply of nutrients for blueberry bushes compared to mineral soil and this, in its turn, secured better growth and a higher yield of blueberry bushes.
Domestication of plants in the Old World : the origin and spread of domesticated plants in Southwest Asia, Europe, and the Mediterranean Basin
Faba bean germplasm catalog : pure line collection
Proceedings from a Nordic seminar: Potatoes as food : 26-27 November 2001, Scandic Hotel Kalastajatorppa, Helsinki, Finland
How to grow winter vegetables
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
Landraces in Finland : proposal for varietal research, registration and maintenance system of cereal, forage grass and legume landraces and old commercial cultivars
Sadonkorjuu : tutkittua puutarhatuotantoa 2003-2005 = Harvest : horticultural research results 2003-2005
Biomass production potential in the Batini barley landrace from Oman
Community Plant Variety Office : annual report 2000
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
