http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4595 provincial plants
provincial plants
Seeds, sex and civilization : how the hidden life of plants has shaped our world
The climate contest project, Arnhem 2007
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 11, Cruciferae (Ricotia to Raphanus)
Rural development and social forestry lessons from China
Billions and billions : thoughts on life and death at the brink of the millennium
Community forestry : some aspects : papers presented at the Regional workshop on Community forestry Korat, Northeast Thailand Aug. 22-29, 1983
Aftermath : population zero
Advances in ecological research : Vol. 23. 23
ALGAS : Asia Least-cost Greenhouse Gas Abatement Strategy : Republic of Korea
Tropical forest community ecology
Nature and dynamics of forest-savanna boundaries
Mycorrhizal ecology
Executive summary (s. 1-26).
Community-level physiological profiling in monitoring rehabilitative effects of Acacia auriculiformis plantation on degraded land in Sakaerat, Thailand
Guns, germs and steel : a short history of everybody for the last 13000 years
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 14, Rosaceae (Alchemilla and Aphanes )
Guns, germs, and steel : the fates of human societies
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 15, Rosaceae (Rubus)
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 16, Rosaceae (Cydonia to Prunus, excl. Sorbus)
Impalas in an elephant-impacted woodland : browser-driven dynamics of the Chobe riparian zone, northern Botswana
IPCC first assessment report. Volume I, Overview, WGI Policymakers summary, WGII Policymakers summary, WGIII Policymakers summary, Policymakers summary of the Special Committee on the participation of developing countries
Strategy for biotechnology and genetic engineering in agriculture
Ecological principles of nature conservation : applications in temperate and boreal environments
The future of life
Vegetation science in retrospect and perspective (abstracts)
North American boreal and western temperate forest vegetation : syntaxonomical synopsis of the potential natural plant communities of North America, II
Ask me anything
Models in country scale carbon accounting of forest soils
Conceptual framework for research on global change : 1992-1995
Rethinking development in a carbon-constrained world : development cooperation and climate change
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 13, Rosaceae (Spiraea to Fragaria, excl. Rubus)
Manual on the development and use of FAO specifications for plant protection products
Fungi and bacteria in peat and peat forming plant communities
Forest monitoring : methods for terrestrial investigations in Europe with an overview of North America and Asia
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 1.
The environment after Rio : international law and economics edited by Luigi Campiglio ... [et al.]
Quarantine for seed : proceedings of the Workshop on Quarantine for Seed in the Near East, held at the International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA), Aleppo, Syrian Arab Republic, 2 to 9 November 1991
PEZJUME: BOLOTNAJA SISTEMA KAUHANEVA : BOLOTNYE MASSIVY, RASTITEL'NOST, FLORA I DINAMIKA.
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Finland's fourth national communication under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change
ALGAS : Asia Least-cost Greenhouse Gas Abatement Strategy : Thailand
