http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4608 fears (specific)
fears (specific)
In her latest book, The Universe Has Your Back,New York Times best-selling author Gabrielle Bernstein teaches readers how to transform their fear into faith in order to live a divinely guided life. Each story and lesson in the book guides readers to release the blocks to what they most long for: happiness, security and clear direction. The lessons help readers relinquish the need to control so they can relax into a sense of certainty and freedom. Readers will learn to stop chasing life and truly live.  Making the shift from fear to faith will give readers a sense of power in a world that all too often makes them feel utterly powerless. When the tragedies of the world seem overwhelming, this book will help guide them back to their true power.  Gabrielle says, "My commitment with this book is to wake up as many people as possible to their connection to faith and joy. In that connection, we can be guided to our true purpose: to be love and spread love. These words can no longer be cute buzz phrases that we merely post on social media. Rather, these words must be our mission. The happiness, safety, and security we long for lies in our commitment to love."   When readers follow this path, they'll begin to feel a swell of energy move through them. They will find strength when they are down, synchronicity and support when they're lost, safety in the face of uncertainty, and joy when they are otherwise in pain. Follow the secrets revealed in this book to unleash the presence of your power and know always that The Universe Has Your Back.
Anxiety attacks : conquering your insecurities, anxieties and fears
Before I wake up..
Connie and the water babies
Scream : chilling adventures in the science of fear
The origins of fear
The self-preservation society
Lets go home, Little Bear
The Plague Charmer
Class is not dismissed
The owl who was afraid of the dark
Hippocampal field potentials in animal models of Alzheimer's disease
Flora the Fairy
Real life : preparing for the 7 most challenging days of your life
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
Come on, Daisy
Small Bunny's blue blanket : [a tale of love and laundry]
The slightly dangerous book for wimps : acts of derring do for the faint-hearted
Falls, fear of falling, and falls self-efficacy among adults with multiple sclerosis
Nothing can frighten a bear
Silenced
Imagery treatment of phobias, anxiety states and other symptom complexes in Akhter Ahsen's image psychology
Let's go home, Little Bear
Rejection proof : how to beat fear and become invincible
Psychology and the prevention of nuclear war : a book of readings
Living with fear : understanding and coping with anxiety
Timmy  needs a bath!
Rape : a love story
Overcome panic and anxiety disorder : 121 tips, real life advice, resources and more
"The last thing Lisa Lynch had expected to put on her 'things to do before you're 30' list was beating breast cancer, but them's the breaks. So with her life on hold, and her mind stuffed with unspoken fears, questions and emotions, she turned to her computer and started blogging about the frustrating, life-altering, sheer pain-in-the-arse inconvenience of getting breast cancer at the age of 28. The C-Word is an unflinchingly honest and darkly humorous account of Lisa's battle with The Bullshit, as she came to call it. From the good days when she could almost pretend it wasn't happening, to the bad days, when she couldn't bear to wake up, Lisa's story is emotional, heartbreaking and often hilarious. The C-Word will make you laugh and cry, and ultimately reaffirm your faith in life."--Publisher's description.
Inconvenient people : lunacy, liberty, and the mad-doctors in Victorian England
Silly Billy
Changes
Little Lumpty
The fears of adolescents
Why do I feel scared? : a first look at being brave
The big leap : conquer your hidden fear and take life to the next level
Little mouse's big book of fears
Fear of falling and fall circumstances in Thailand
There's no such thing as a ghostie!
Best-loved children's stories
School of fear
A sound like someone trying not to make a sound
Can I tell you a secret?
Social anxiety and emotion recognition in autism spectrum disorders
Anxiety and avoidance : a universal treatment for anxiety, panic, and fear
Jeremy O'Keefe, a middle-aged Professor of History, returns to his native New York after a decade teaching at Oxford, hoping to reconnect with his daughter and rebuild the life he left behind. He settles into the rhythm of a too-empty life, long evenings alone after a day teaching students he barely knows. Then a strange encounter with a young man who presumes an acquaintance he doesn't remember and a series of disconcerting events leave him with a growing conviction that he is being watched. The pale young man keeps appearing, a haunting figure lingers outside his apartment at night, and then mysterious packages begin to arrive. As his grip on reality seems to shift and turn, Jeremy struggles to know whether he can believe what he is experiencing, or whether his mind is in the grip of an irrational obsession. I Am No One explores the tenuous link between fear and paranoia in our post-Snowden lives; a world of surveillance and self-censorship, where privacy no longer exists and our freedoms are inexorably eroded.
The pasta detective
Wolf!
More Balance - Less Fear : The effect of an eight-week group-based balance training program on the balance and fear of falling of independently living elderly people
If I was your girl
Little mouse's big book of beasts
Mayo Chiki : Omnibus collection. 1-3
Physical activity and mental health
Activity changes in dorsal hippocampus and ventral striatum during trace fear conditioning in rats
Frog is frightened
The opposite of worry : the playful parenting approach to childhood anxieties and fears
Anxiety
The midnight panda
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
The Gruffalo's child
Dealing with nervousness
The snow child
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
Scaredy Cat and Boo
Exploring the role of music therapy in attachment, identity & creativity : a case study
A cognitive-behavioural approach to panic disorder
Anxiety and its disorders : the nature and treatment of anxiety and panic
Feel the fear and do it anyway
Phobias : their nature and control
The winter dragon
Aviation Accidents – The Effect on  Travelling Choices
Anxiety and cognition : a unified theory
Under rose-tainted skies
1361. Porlock Weir, Exmoor. Thirteen years after the Great Pestilence, plague strikes England for the second time. Sara, a packhorse man's wife, remembers the horror all too well and fears for safety of her children. Only a dark-haired stranger offers help, but at a price that no one will pay... A human life.
Anxious : the modern mind in the age of anxiety
The C-word : just your average 28-year old...friends, family, Facebook, cancer
Don't be afraid of the dark, Little Bear!
What the birds see
Self-reported negative cognitions, reactive-reflexive positions and sources of fear in musical performance anxiety
Franklin and the thunderstorm
Psychological distress in dyspepsia
Summary in Estonian.
Disclaimer
Thank goodness for Bob
Rufus and the blackberry monsters
Coping with anxiety and depression
The night guest
The knife of never letting go
Miss Hazeltine's home for shy and fearful cats
The strange library
Fear index
My age of anxiety : fear, hope, dread, and the search for peace of mind
Daniel fights a hurricane : a novel
Fear of losing control : an undercurrent in Woolf's fiction
Landscapes of fear
Charlotte and the wolves
Adultery : a novel
After you
The scaredy cat
Performance-related fear experiences, coping and perceived functional impact on highly skilled athletes
A tour of bones : facing fear and looking for life
The Wolf-Man by the Wolf-Man
Sleep Problems in Children : Associations with Stressors and Fears
Don't panic : taking control of anxiety attacks
Self-control and self-modification of emotional behavior
The stepmonster
I am too absolutely small for school : featuring Charlie and Lola
The politics of everyday fear
Socially phobic clients' self-descriptions, treatment progress and reflexivity in short-term cognitive-constructivist group psychotherapy
Class is not dismissed!
The right to play wrong : qualitative study about group music therapy experience of young musicians dealing with music performance anxiety
Who will comfort Toffle?
Watch out! There's a monster about!
Amanda Hardy only wants to fit in at her new school, but she is keeping a big secret, so when she falls for Grant, guarded Amanda finds herself yearning to share with him everything about herself, including her previous life as Andrew.
The Effects of Multifactorial Fall Prevention on the Psychological Risk Factors of Falling
The scariest thing of all
Aspects and determinants of children’s dental fear
Small Knight and George and the royal chocolate cake
Shy children, phobic adults : nature and treatment of social phobia
Franklin goes to the hospital, Franklin and the Tooth Fairy ; Finders keepers for Franklin
Sabbath's theater
Dancing with fear : overcoming anxiety in a world of stress and uncertainty
Love & other man-made disasters
Unconscious effects of potentially phobic stimuli
Under the bed
Panic disorder : the facts
Our troubles with food: fears, fads and fallacies
Promoting products with fear : positive emotional responses to fear appeals in promotional television advertising
Little Mouse's big book of beasts
Structure and development of homophobia
Children's fears and coping strategies a comparative perspective
The gigantic beard that was evil
The bear
Constructing panic : the discourse of agoraphobia
Take a deep breath
Barefoot on the wind
Factors associated with fear of delivery in second pregnancies
Stage fright : its role in acting
The final exam
The fear of openness : an essay on friendship and the roots of morality
The 50th law
Scaredy Squirrel has a birthday party
Pixu : the mark of evil
Wolfie : the bunny
Jumpy Jack & Googily
Rich and mad
The wolves in the walls
The rabbit who longed for home
Dental fear among adults in Finland
Too small for my big bed
A boastful shark is not afraid of anything, which impresses his underwater friends until they ask about spiders / WorldCat.
I'm a shark
We're all mad here : the no-nonsense guide to living with social anxiety
Mummy don't go out tonight
Kafka on the shore
Extreme fear : the science of your mind in danger
Flying lemurs
Born scared
The terrible plop
Face your fears:  A proven plan to beat anxiety, panic, phobias, and obsessions
Please, Louise
Ang lumang aparador ni lola = Grandmother's antique wardrobe
Psychology of fear
Fears, phobias and the inheritance of learning
The tragical comedy or comical tragedy of mr. Punch
The society of timid souls, or, how to be brave
The universe has your back : transform fear to faith
Finnish EFL learners' perceptions on errors, corrective feedback and foreign language anxiety
My criminal world
The effect of music performance anxiety, context, modality and observers' music expertise on judgment of musical performances
Flashe bum uuiii ...! = Flash bang wheee!
The brave Beast
Facing the threat of nuclear weapons
Guilt, shame, and anxiety : understanding and overcoming negative emotions
