http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4604 years of crop failure
years of crop failure
Famine, land and culture in Ireland
The hungry forties : a re-examination
Empires of food : feast, famine, and the rise and fall of civilizations
Domestic dexterity and cultural policy : the idea of cottage industry and historical experience in Finland from the great famine to the reconstruction period
Night of stone : death and memory in Russia
The road to survival or death? : temporary migration during the great Finnish famine in the 1860s
On attitudes and living strategies in the Finnish countryside in the years of famine 1867-68
This volume explores economic, social, and political dimensions of three catastrophic famines which struck mid-nineteenth and early-twentieth century Europe; the Irish Famine (An Gorta Mór ) of 1845–1850, the Finnish Famine (Suuret Nälkävuodet) of the 1860s and the Ukrainian Famine (Holodomor) of 1932/1933. In addition to providing new insights into these events on international, national and regional scales, this volume contributes to an increased comparative historiography in historical famine studies. The parallel studies presented in this book challenge and enhance established understandings of famine tragedies, including: famine causation and culpability; social and regional famine vulnerabilities; core–periphery relationships between nations and regions; degrees of national autonomy and self-sufficiency; as well as famine memory and identity. Famines in European Economic History advocates that the impact and long-term consequences of famine for a nation should be understood in the context of evolving geopolitical relations that extend beyond its borders. Furthermore, regional structures within a nation can lead to unevenness in both the severity of the immediate famine crisis and the post-famine recovery.
Famine mortality in nineteenth-century Finland : is there a sex bias?
Only in the last decade have climatologists developed an accurate picture of yearly climate conditions in historical times. This development confirmed a long-standing suspicion: that the world endured a 500-year cold snap-The Little Ice Age-that lasted roughly from A.D. 1300 until 1850. The Little Ice Age tells the story of the turbulent, unpredictable and often very cold years of modern European history, how climate altered historical events, and what they mean in the context of today's global warming. With its basis in cutting-edge science, The Little Ice Age offers a new perspective on familiar events. Renowned archaeologist Brian Fagan shows how the increasing cold affected Norse exploration; how changing sea temperatures caused English and Basque fishermen to follow vast shoals of cod all the way to the New World; how a generations-long subsistence crisis in France contributed to social disintegration and ultimately revolution; and how English efforts to improve farm productivity in the face of a deteriorating climate helped pave the way for the Industrial Revolution and hence for global warming. This is a fascinating, original book for anyone interested in history, climate, or the new subject of how they interact.
The disaster
Famines in European economic history : the last great European famines reconsidered
Just a sack of potatoes? : crisis experiences in European societies, past and present
Infant mortality in Finland 1865-1869
The famine plot persuasion in eighteenth-century France
Health care and poor relief in Finland 1700-1900
The little ice age : how climate made history 1300-1850
Deprivation and disease : mortality during the great Finnish famine of the 1860s
Poverty, inequality and the Finnish 1860s famine
