http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4609 goalkeepers
goalkeepers
Shots on goal : goalies are players too! : include your goalie in your practice
Goalie coach course for th IIHF
Jamie McLennan spent twenty years playing professional hockey. Sort of. As the backup for such legendary goalies as Grant Fuhr, Ron Hextall, Roberto Luongo, and Miikka Kiprusoff, he saw everything—except much playing time. In The Best Seat in the House, McLennan looks back on his unique career, from breaking into the NHL, to working with the legends, to life on the road and in the league, offering readers an unprecedented glimpse into life inside the locker room.
Goalie coaching manual for Tappara ry
The best seat in the house : stories from the NHL, inside the room, on the ice and on the bench
Goaltenders are not targets : how to coach and play hockey goaltending
Hockey goaltending
Keeper : mastering the art of goalkeeping. 1.
Goalkeeping : the specialist
A Life too short : the tragegy of Robert Enke
Mental training guide for the ice hockey goalies
The Hockey goalie's handbook : the authoritative guide for players and coaches
Soccer : goalkeeping
Behind the mask : the Ian Young goaltending method
The best seat in the house : stories from the NHL : inside the room, on the ice and on the bench
Ice hockey goaltending : physiological loading and game analysis
Psych-up/shut-out
Grant Fuhr : the story of a hockey legend
The goaltenders' union : hockey's greatest puckstoppers, acrobats, and flakes
Soccer : goalkeeper training
Goalie force : guide to success
A Life too short : the tragedy of Robert Enke
Goalie coach course for the IIHF
Characteristics of goaltending : (a game within a game)
Hockey goaltending for young players : an instructional guide
Schmeichel : the autobiography
The hockey goalie's complete guide : an essential development plan
Between the pipes : a revealing look at hockey's legendary goalies
Patrick Roy : winning, nothing else
Goalies : legends from the NHL's toughest job
Keeper : mastering the art of goalkeeping. 3.
Keeper : mastering the art of goalkeeping. 2.
The soccer goalkeeping handbook : the essential guide for players and coaches
Goalieworld : valmennus-CD = instruction CD = instruktions-CD
