http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4602 due process of law
due process of law
The law and practice of extradition
Adoption, identity and social policy : the search for distant relatives
Thomas More's trial by jury : a procedural and legal review with a collection of documents
The E.C. directive on rental and lending rights and on piracy
Terror in the balance : security, liberty, and the courts
Untersuchungshaft und Untersuchungshaftvollzug : international vergleichende Perspektiven zur Untersuchungshaft sowie zu den Rechten und Lebensbedingungen von Untersuchungsgefangenen = Waiting for trial : international perspectives on the use of pre-trial detention and the rights and living conditons of prisoners waiting for trial
Individual enforcement of Community law : the future of the Francovich remedy
Debating right to asylum : a conceptual and rhetorical reading of the German post-war deliberations
Rhetoric and the rule of law : a theory of legal reasoning
Guide to computer forensics and investigations
Tribunals on trial : a study of decision-making under the Mental Health Act 1983
The Danish ombudsman
Cases and materials on constitutional and administrative law
Participation in EU rule-making : a rights-based approach
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Traveler's rights : your legal guide to fair treatment and full value
Children and young people in conflict with the law
It was not until the second half of the twentieth century that many countries began granting women the right to participate in public institutions as individuals. Until then, women were incorporated into various domains of life mainly through their relational roles as mothers. In From Motherhood to Citizenship, Nitza Berkovitch argues that this trend is not confined to specific countries, but represents a worldwide phenomenon. Moreover, the forces that shape this transformation are embedded in the global cultural and political system. Berkovitch offers the first detailed account of the critical role played by international organizations in the promotion of women's rights by individual nation-states. Demonstrating the importance of rhetoric in the framing of women's issues, the book traces the formation of the global agenda on women. From Motherhood to Citizenship begins in the 1870s, when the earliest international campaigns fought the "evils done to womankind," and continues through the interwar era in which the first official world bodies (the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization) promoted and expanded the concept of "women's protection." It concludes with the recent United Nations Decade for Women, which for the first time puts "women's rights" on the world agenda.
The protection of human rights in Finnish criminal proceedings
The China legal development yearbook. 4
Native American sovereignty
Sports vision
Transnational legal ordering and state change
The ombudsman, citizen's defender
Zhongguo fazhi fazhan baogao. 9 (2011) = Annual report on China's rule of law. 9 (2011)
"The European Commission Recommendation on Collective Redress (2013/396/EU) establishes a framework to ensure a coherent horizontal approach to collective litigation in the EU context without harmonising national systems. The Commission clearly aims at distinguishing collective redress in Europe from the North American class action approach. This book explores the need for mass litigation mechanisms in Europe from a series of interdisciplinary perspectives. ... [It includes] commentary on various specific areas of collective redress including competition law, product liability and consumer protection; and the options for and relevance of collective ADR mechanisms."--Back cover.
"In recent years, building a corporate online presence has become nonnegotiable for businesses, as consumers expect to connect with them in as many ways as possible. There are benefits to companies that use online technology, but there are risks as well. Managing Online Risk presents the tools and resources needed to better understand the security and reputational risks of online and digital activity, and how to mitigate those risks to minimize potential losses. Managing Online Risk highlights security and risk management best practices that address concerns such as data collection and storage, liability, recruitment, employee communications, compliance violations, security of devices (in contexts like mobile, apps, and cloud computing), and more. Additionally, this book offers a companion website that was developed in parallel with the book and includes the latest updates and resources for topics covered in the book"--
Equal in law, unequal in fact : racial and ethnic discrimination and the legal response thereto in Europe
Geriatrics and the law : understanding patient rights and professional responsibilities
Thematic legal study on assessment of access to justice in civil cases in European union : Finland
Non-state actor dynamics in international law : from law-takers to law-makers
The right of asylum = Le droit dásile : selective bibliography
Internally displaced persons compilation and analysis of legal norms
The judicial response to police killings in Latin America
This book compares institutions of preventative justice in Germany, France, England, Sweden, Estonia and the U.S. (Maine, New York). The centre of focus is on the continental European notariat and corresponding institutions in legal cultures without notariats. The comparative description of preventative justice consists mainly of an analysis of residential real estate transactions and the function of land registers as meaningful elements of preventative justice. The result of the comparative work indicates the significant value of a well-organized notariat regarding costs and quality. Attempts of the European Commission to weaken the system of preventative justice of continental legal cultures should be analyzed carefully and with some scepticism.
Ronald Dworking and contemporary jurisprudence
From internal market regulation to European labour law
Life before birth : the moral and legal status of embryos and fetuses
Mass refugee influx and the limits of public international law
Comparative studies on the judicial review system in East and Southeast Asia
The road to the rule of law in modern China
Mental illness and the law
Rule of Law index®. 2014
The new asylum seekers : refugee law in the 1980s : the Ninth Sokol Colloquium on International Law
Justice and fairness in taxation
Democracy and the Rule of Law in China is intended to make debates among prominent Chinese intellectuals and academics over issues of political, constitutional, and legal reform; modes of governance in urban and rural China; and culture and cultural policy available to English-language readers. The writers included in this book are individuals whose views have drawn some attention in the formulation of party and government policy, including the editor, Yu Keping, a prominent party intellectual and vice-director of the Central Compilation and Translation Bureau. --Book Jacket.
Crime, security and surveillance : effects for the surveillant and the surveilled
Europeanization of procedural law and the new challenges to fair trial
Introduction to surveillance studies
The limits of the rule of law in China
The legal protection against the preparatory activities of circumventing technological measures in the copyright laws of the United states of America and the European community
Paper families : identity, immigration administration, and Chinese exclusion
Chains of justice : the global rise of state institutions for human rights
Collective redress in Europe : why and how?
Fair trial rights
Peasants ́pursuit of outside alliances in the process of land reform : a discussion of legal assistance programmes in Bangladesh and the Philippines
Vulnerability in European law on asylum : a conceptualization under construction : study on reception conditions for asylum seekers = La vulnérabilité en droit européen de l'asile : une conceptualisation en construction : étude en matière de conditions d'accueil des demandeurs d'asile
Legal mobilization under authoritarianism : the case of post-colonial Hong Kong
Active social policy, basic rights and legal safeguards in Denmark and Finland
Legal welfare and legal planning in the network society
Protection of the insured
Enforcement of consumers' collective interests by regulatory agencies in the Nordic countries
Administrative justice : cornerstone of functional rule of law
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
Abstract (1 s.). - Summary: The parliamentary ombudsman - a study in public law (s. 378-386).
Constitutionalizing International Community : Responsibility for Balancing between Fundamental Procedural Rights and Security
Justice for the child : the juvenile court in transition
Peacebuilding and rule of law in Africa : just peace?
National courts and the international rule of law
Territorial asylum
Seminar on prison health services : goals, standards and ethics = Séminaire sur les services de santé pénitantiaires : buts, normes et éthique du 24 au 27 septembre 1991 à Tampere
Suing government : citizen remedies for official wrongs
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
States of emergency in liberal democracies
Categories and beneficiaries of human rights
Enforcing your rights in the single European market
The state as defendant : governmental accountability and the redress of individual grievances
Patent valuation for managerial decision making : an explorative, interdiciplinary study on the scope of patent protection as a determinant of patent value with special focus on innovations that require assessment on continuous basis
Relocating the rule of law
Nursing and human rights
Recommender systems for the social web
Supporting vulnerable adults : citizenship, capacity, choice
Nordic experiences on group action for compensation
Recent competition cases in Lithuania
Chinese human smuggling in transit
European right to confrontation in criminal proceedings : absent, anonymous and vulnerable witnesses
Le droit d'asile / The right of asylum / Hague Academy of International Law, Centre for Studies and Research in International law and International Relations
Effective strategies for protecting human rights : economic sanctions, use of national courts and international fora and coercive power
Economic, social and cultural rights : a textbook
Know your rights
Protection of geographical indications in European wines
European administrative law
EU annual report on human rights 2008
The European Ombudsman : annual report 2002.
Information ethics : privacy and intellectual property
The legal condition of refugees in Norway : national implementation of refugee rights and the 1951 Geneva Convention
Due process and fair procedures : a study of administrative procedures
The main purpose of this study is to evaluate the present state of legal aid in China. On one level, this is an easy question. All measures of quantity indicate real progress since the Chinese government decided to construct a national legal aid system in 1994. Since then, the Ministry of Justice has established 32,000 legal aid organizations and over 55,000 legal aid stations at the county, district, provincial, and municipal levels. Yet upon closer inspection, these figures raise as many questions as they answer. How many citizens need aid but didn't receive it? What impact did the legal aid experience have on those who sought assistance? What types of cases were handled, and perhaps more importantly, what types of cases weren't? This study seeks to identify answers to these and other questions.
Overview of the legal protection of sacred natural sites of Sámi and other Arctic indigenous peoples
Crossing borders : essays in European and private international law, nationality law and islamic law in honour of Frans van der Velden
Law reform and medical injury litigation
The rule of law in comparative perspective
Accountability, investigation and due process in international organizations
From motherhood to citizenship : women's rights and international organizations
Strict and vicarious liability : a study in administrative criminal law
Legal protection of human rights and different conceptions of democracy
China and the WTO : a long march towards the rule of law
Rights at work : employment relations in the post-union era
Controlling the Swedish state : studies on formal and informal bodies of control
Evidence in the Finnish asylum procedure
Towards a unified judicial protection of citizens in Europe (?) = Vers une protection juridictionnelle commune des citoyens en Europe (?)
European Community law and civil remedies in England and Wales
Access to justice : a conceptual and practical analysis with implications for justice reforms
The comfort letter : quick relief with cold comfort
Can excessive length of proceedings be remedied?
Judicial review of governmental action and the requirement of an interest to sue : a comparative study on the requirement of an interest to sue in national and international law
Consumer Law : a short introduction to the development and main principles of Finnish Consumer Law
The Rule of Law in International and Comparative Context
Collection of papers of Sino-Finnish Seminar on Access to Justice
Right and wrong
Legal reforms in China and Vietnam : a comparison of Asian communist regimes
European ombudsman : redress and control at Union level
Law and order - Finnish style
The status and rights of social welfare clients
Rights of patients
The United Nations and juvenile justice : a guide to international standards and best practice
Tort
Foundations of private law : property, tort, contract, unjust enrichment
International human rights litigation in U.S. courts
Personal jurisdiction and cyberspace : a new challenge for the established doctrine
The right to a fair trial
Legal capital rules as a measure for creditor and shareholder protection
Human rights aspects of sanctions against terrorist financing in the member states of the European Union
Judicial review and individual legal activism : the case of Russia in theoretical perspective
A reader on administrative law
The rule of law in the European constitution
Legal control of government : administrative law in Britain and the United States
Cyberspace jurisdiction in the U. S. : from an alien's point of view : the international dimension of due process
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Beyond common knowledge : empirical approaches to the rule of law
Safe third countries : extending the EU asylum and immigration policies to Central and Eastern Europe
Comparative perspectives on judicial protection in social security matters
Democracy and the rule of law in China
Interim and substantive relief in claims under community law
Guide to legal aid and advice in the European Economic Area
The rule of law and administrative implementation in Finland
Fortentwicklung des Rechtsschutzes in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft = Perspectives for the development of judicial protection in the European community = Perspectives de développement de la protection juridictionnelle dans la Communauté européenne : Beiträge zu einem internationalen Kolloquium des Europäischen Hochschulinstituts am 30./31. Oktober 1986 in Florenz
Law and politics in modern China : under the law, the law, and above the law
Summary: Legal security and compulsory care. A socio-legal study.
Managing online risk : apps, mobile, and social media security
Civil rights and right to treatment in the Finnish mental health act of 1991
The ideologies of children's rights
Pakolaisen oikeusasemasta Suomessa = Legal condition of refugees in Finland
Civil rights actions : enforcing the Constitution
Rights and responsibilities of refugees in Finland
The persecution of persons with disability and the duty of reasonable accommodation in the European Union’s Refugee Law
Legal reform versus the power of the party and state in the People's Republic of China : Rule of Law or Rule by Law?
Migration law in Finland
Models of constitutional jurisdiction : [Modeles de juridiction constitutionnelle]
Judicial protection of human rights in Finland
The legal protection of trade secrets
Give me shelter : stories about children who seek asylum
An approach to rights : studies in the philosophy of law and morals
Human rights oblications : a Finnish perspective
Legal aid and the rule of law in the People's Republic of China
Due process of law
Cases and materials on social justice : professionals, communities, and law
Rule of law as a project of international lawyers and a means of achieving professional development
When governments break the law : the rule of law and the prosecution of the Bush administration
The civil law notary - neutral lawyer for the situation : a comparative study on preventative justice in modern societies
The pursuit of justice
