http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4616 shipbuilding industry
shipbuilding industry
Safety, health and environmental manual for shipbuilding and offshore industry
Efficient governance of interorganizational business relationships
Finnish expertise kept strong: Merja Salmi-Lindgren, Secretary-General of the Association of Finnish Marine Industries
Local impact strength of various boat-building materials
Ship knowledge : covering ship design, construction and operation
Yacht and small craft construction : design decisions
Abstract: Internal environmental audits in offshore fabrication yard's environmental management system.
"A milestone for the whole of Finland" : Aker gets its second statelevel icebreaker project
The Estonia disaster gives a boost to ship repair yards
Finnish offshore construction : a global resource expecting an upturn
Arctic Passion News : Aker Arctic Technology Inc newsletter
Scott Lithgow : déjà vu all over again! : the rise and fall of a shipbuilding company
Places of creation : design in industrial agglomerations
Dreamboats for Star Cruises
Royal Princess : Fincantieri delivers its biggest ship yet
Subsidy race disrupts shipbuilding market
The subject of this conceptual thesis is to develop a design language for Wärtsilä's new four stroke portfolio reflecting company values. The visual appearance of the new four stroke portfolio should be easily identified as Wärtsilä brands new products. This thesis is done for Wärtsilä's R&D department in Turku. Research methods in this thesis are observation and interview, which both are qualitative. Observation is used when studied the company values, present design language and technical design decisions in the products. Interview is used to get more depth when trying to understand the Wärtsilä's design process and product development. There are few main features that industrial design can have the most effect on. These main design features, and the idealism that Wärtsilä has about the easy maintain of its products, are a straight guideline in the design process. The values are the core of the Wärtsilä and so forth also the core of the final design. Company determines its values in these words: foster openness, respect and trust to create excitement. While guidelines to the shapes are produced from the values, the technical elements and usability in cover castings have been influenced by easy maintain and usability. These design decisions gives the engine minimalistic and sleek visual appearance. In the beginning of this thesis industrial design, Wärtsilä's history and basics of engine features are studied. After the background information the assignment and target are determined. The final concept is presented trough 3D-models and design decisions evaluation.
FTP Code : International code for application of fire test procedures : (Resolution MSC.61(67), including fire test procedures referred to in and relevant to the FTP Code
Living in a motion : user-centered concepting in public spaces of the cruise ship concept
Navigating new routes to export promotion : will re-focusing yield results for the Finnish boat industry?
Brazil invests billions in the offshore industry
The challenges and best practises of structural change in the european maritime industry
Shipbuilding on Prince Edward Island : enterprise in a maritime setting 1787-1920
Computer applications in the automation of shipyard operation and ship design, VII : proceedings of the IFIP TC5/WG 5.6 Seventh International Conference on Computer Applications in the Automation of Shipyard Operation and Ship Design, VII, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 10-13 September, 1991
Luxury cruise ships for P & O
Shipyard subcontracting in Finland since the 70's : development towards flexible specialization?
Marine news : Wärtsilä Diesel Group customer journal
Merchant ships : British built 1952
IBC Code : international code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk with standards and guidelines relevant to the code
Work and welfare : a comparison of Swedish and British shipbuilding industry in the context of economic downturn
Fire risk and its management in cruise vessel construction projects
Finland must take maximum advantage of its network
China reforms its shipbuilding industry
Born of the sea : Cammell Laird : shipbuilders to the world
Load lines : International Convention on Load Lines, 1966 and protocol of 1988, as amended in 2003.
The Finnish marine industries believe in R&D
Ship production
The ships of our first century : The Effoa fleet 1883-1983
Environmental legislation and regulations of shipbuilding : case Finland and Spain
Full production this year
Cruise ships for Norwegian Cruise Line
Report on foreign shipbuilding subsides
Giants come from Finland
Understanding value in the shipbuilding industry : a study of buyer and seller perceived value in business relationships
Build the ships
Design language for new Wärtsilä four stroke engine portfolio
Market Research on the Turkish Shipbuilding Industry : case: Koskisen Oy
New Wärtsilä factory founded in China
Twentyfour7 : Wärtsilä quarterly magazine
Logistic of revitalization project
This study was conducted in order to understand and thus debate the quality control issues of customer service and moreover how these issues can help raise or deplete organizations revenue. The objective was to try and understand how customer service can be managed and measured in the dynamic ship building industry. Customer service in the shipbuilding industry is a relatively under-utilised area of scholarship to date and this thesis will endeavour to explore themes and raise questions relating to this area particularity relating to marketing. The primary research will involve a customer survey study, which will assist in identify areas of concern. Aspects of qualitative and quantitative data are included and will be integrated into the formal structure of the thesis and will help in solidifying the issues. The intent is to look at a prior survey (2008) and see how it correlates with 2010 survey. By doing so any holes in the marketing /selling and logistical issues will be uncovered by utilising relevant tools. The thesis covered certain areas of the current service culture within the organisation that needed to be addressed, such as price, also questions of how an organization can maintain a high level of customer service and maintain a strong marketing plan without becoming stagnant was passed on to the company. The survey resulted in finding some gaps such as price, and time that should be looked at. Yet, generally the current thesis and the prior secondary thesis both demonstrated that the current service protocols worked. One of the main conclusions discovered was the high level of relationship between customer satisfaction and marketing. This has permitted the assignment company to implement new marketing strategies to raise already high levels of customer satisfaction to a higher level.
Ellingsen back in shipowning shape
Safety, health and environmental manual for shipbuilding and offshore industry 2008
The maritime cluster in the Baltic Sea region and beyond
The shipyard girls
Fleeting opportunities : women shipyard workers in Portland and Vancouver during world war II and reconversion
Big ships little ships
Insulation handbook
The book of the ship : an exhaustive pictorial and factual survey of world ships, shipping and shipbuilding
Sister ship to Color Fantasy
Flensburger Ro-Ro's over the competition
The Jones act in light of United States’ national interests and transatlantic trade and investment partnership agreement
Industrial dislocation : the case of global shipbuilding
Naval shipbuilders of the world : from the age of sail to the present day
Proteus : a cruise design tool for the future
Navy market research for ABB Marine
Reduction of energy and heating costs in the shipyard plate and paint halls
The future of historic dockyards : round-tabel report, Suomenlinna 2008
Building blocks on the sea : simulating the realisation of the M2Cell system in contemporary context of cruise industry
Radiance class ships for RCCL
Merima naval interiors : artful and cost-effective
Supplier selection process : criteria and methods case study analysis in ALMACO Group : an example of shipbuilding industry
21st annual marine propulsion conference : design, operate, maintain keeping ahead of today's marine propulsion issues
Internal environmental audits in offshore fabrication yard's environmental management system
Smith's dock shipbuilders
Promoting safety in industry : focus on informational campaigns and participative programs
Shipping innovation
Landmark vessels near completion
Celebrity's Solstice class
Introduction to Naval Architecture
Pha Rung Repair Shipyard : report of the post-evaluation mission carried out on behalf of Finnida
In detail : Wärtsilä technical journal
The Finnish Maritime Cluster
World-class suppliers
The motor ship reference book for 1929
Industrial development in postwar Japan
Marine news
China: an emerging market in shipbuilding : an entry plan for Elomatic
Competitive advantages of the Chinese ship-building industry in the global market
Some famous sailing ships and their builder Donald McKay : a study of the american sailing packet and clipper eras, with biographical sketches of America's foremost designer and master-builder of ships, and a comprehensive history of his many famous ships
Rosyth : The Building of a Royal Naval Dockyard 1903-1922
Customer satisfaction in the marine supply industry
Organizational identifications : antecedents and consequences of identifications in a shipyard context
Managing network relations in the project business context : social capital perspective
Instructions for plate maker-welders
Organizational identifications : antecedents and cosequences of identifications in a shipyard context
Human error in the maritime industry : how to understand, detect and cope
Merchant ships : British built : vessels of 300 tons gross and over completed in 1953.
Born international : the case of The Latvian Shipping Company
The commissioner of this thesis is ABB Marine. ABB Marine is located in Finland and produces and delivers diesel-electric systems and propulsion for different kind of ship types worldwide. ABB Marine is part of ABB group. ABB Marine`s main product is Azipod® azimuth thruster. ABB Marine also operates as total system supplier which means that ABB Marine is able to deliver the whole diesel-electric systems for a ship in addition to the Azipod and shaft line propulsion. The purpose of this market surveys is to support current and future business strategies in naval segment. Thesis focuses on the most important NAVY-segment shipyards in Europe and in North America. Surveys covers Navy and Coast Guard offshore markets and other interesting future projects in naval and coast guard segments. The survey was carried out with interviews, document-analyses and different kind of research from governmental and other official shipyard homepages. Market intelligence gathered proves that several countries are renewing their naval fleets despite the recent economic downfall. Especially the offshore market will continue to grow strongly in the future. This is result of the new type of mission requirements and also the recent environmental changes in the Artic.
Swan, Hunter, & Wigham Richardson, limited
Captain of industry sets sail for a sci-fi future
Marine propulsion conference 2000.
Shipbuilding at Suomenlinna
Enterprising women and shipping in the nineteenth century
Arctic Passion News : [Aker Arctic Technology Inc's newsletter]
Personnel guide for a common working place
Yard work and worker memories : an analysis of fields and practices of remembering from a relationist' standpoint
