http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4619 marine industry
marine industry
Finland has the skills to build ships for extreme conditions
This paper provides an updated review of world tuna fisheries. Previous studies (Miyake et al., 2004) discussed the historical development of tuna fisheries, described current world tuna fisheries, and explained the technological developments that have affected fishing operations. The current paper expands the discussion to include socioeconomic aspects of the tuna industry as a whole, specifically including recent changes in processing, trade, marketing and consumer preferences. The first half of the paper introduces the conditions under which the studies were made and the data sources. It first provides caveats and assumptions which are designed to prevent misunderstanding or misinterpretation when using the data. It then reviews the world tuna stock status based on the results of Regional Fisheries Management Organizations (RFMOs) scientific reviews. Even though the biomass of most of the world's tuna stocks is generally above but close to the reference point, for a few stocks fishing mortality is above the maximum sustainable yield level indicating that the stock is being overfished. World tuna fisheries (mostly longline, purse seine and baitboat [pole-and-line] fisheries) are reviewed from the standpoint of catches, technological developments and economics. Finally, tuna management measures taken by RFMOs are reviewed, including those used to mitigate bycatch. Gear and species interactions are specifically discussed in terms of allocations of the stocks between fisheries. The second half of the paper analyses tuna trade, processing, markets, consumption, price and profits for sashimi, fresh tuna steak, katsuobushi (dried skipjack stick) and canned tuna. The marketing of sashimi has changed very substantially from an exclusive Japanese market to a global one. The marketing system is also changing, because instead of being sold in market auctions, entire catches are now bought by one dealer and sold to large supermarkets or other retailers. This trend has had a clear impact on price and has resulted in the reduction of landing values. In the fresh and frozen steak tuna industry, in general, the price of tuna per unit weight is far higher than for canned materials. Since the 1960s, the production of, and demand and market for, canned tuna has increased very rapidly, accompanied by the rapid development of purse seine fisheries in tropical waters. The largest consumer of canned tuna in the 1970s was by far the United States of America, but these levels have been exceeded by European Union markets in the last two decades. The relative importance of the major markets (the United States, the European Union and Japan) has been continuously declining as a percentage of the world market. These trends have been accompanied by the concentration of capital. Another major change has involved the relocation of tuna factories from developed countries to areas closer to raw materials. This also helped the industry by cutting labour and transshipment costs, and facilitated flexible export marketing. Production was formerly dominated by the United States but as production has declined, Thailand has become the top producer in the late 1990s, followed by Spain, as a result of newly developed canning materials in the form of loins. In conclusion, because of the recent rapid increase in competition among fisheries, species, industries and even products (sashimi/fresh tuna vs. canned), the most important and most urgent issue is how to manage and allocate tuna resources among these competitors (e.g. using fishing capacity control measures and/or catch allocations). In order to achieve such an objective it is imperative that socio-economic and ecological considerations are integrated into decision-making processes alongside capacity and allocation issues. This study does not address the broad socio-economic importance of the tuna industry to the countries in which it operates, but this type of research will be necessary in future in order to solve current fishery management problems.
VLC conversions feature MacGregor ballast valve control as well as covers
Expansion supports locally based global service
Pin-point positioning improves cargo handling productivity
Ship Construction
The MERIKE technology programme is yielding results
Commitment and capability undimmed after 70 years
Innovation improves productivity, efficiency and safety
SMM green shipping guide 2011 : focusing on shipping's greatest challenge - the best way to go green
"A milestone for the whole of Finland" : Aker gets its second statelevel icebreaker project
Arctic Passion News : Aker Arctic Technology Inc newsletter
People. Passion. Power. : a special edition Generations
Advanced techonologies widen offshore vessel's weather window
The Role of a firm’s mindset in international success : case study of Finnish marine industry firms
"It's the marine industries for me"
The marine industry at the forefront of new innovations
Onboard Care packages include professional surveys and reports
The subject of this conceptual thesis is to develop a design language for Wärtsilä's new four stroke portfolio reflecting company values. The visual appearance of the new four stroke portfolio should be easily identified as Wärtsilä brands new products. This thesis is done for Wärtsilä's R&D department in Turku. Research methods in this thesis are observation and interview, which both are qualitative. Observation is used when studied the company values, present design language and technical design decisions in the products. Interview is used to get more depth when trying to understand the Wärtsilä's design process and product development. There are few main features that industrial design can have the most effect on. These main design features, and the idealism that Wärtsilä has about the easy maintain of its products, are a straight guideline in the design process. The values are the core of the Wärtsilä and so forth also the core of the final design. Company determines its values in these words: foster openness, respect and trust to create excitement. While guidelines to the shapes are produced from the values, the technical elements and usability in cover castings have been influenced by easy maintain and usability. These design decisions gives the engine minimalistic and sleek visual appearance. In the beginning of this thesis industrial design, Wärtsilä's history and basics of engine features are studied. After the background information the assignment and target are determined. The final concept is presented trough 3D-models and design decisions evaluation.
MERIKE programme moving ahead fast
New operating methods and products for the Finnish marine industry : much to be gained from MERIKE technology programme
Wärtsilä to power future inland waterway vessel
Navigating new routes to export promotion : will re-focusing yield results for the Finnish boat industry?
The challenges and best practises of structural change in the european maritime industry
Trust-related network collaboration - difficulties, potential and paradoxes
Wärtsilä encyclopedia of ship technology
Indoor localization solutions for a marine industry augmented reality tool
"We know who to call when we need help"
Brazil's strategic partner - Finland
Navigator : the Finnish maritime journal
A practical guide to exhaust gas cleaning systems for the maritime industry : EGCDA handbook 2012
Marine technology companies are international from the start
Combined company strengths ensure expertise in every part of the cargo handling chain
Deepwater liftsystem eliminates the need for larger and more complex cranes
China reforms its shipbuilding industry
Long RoRo series demonstrate Korean shipyards' trust
Wärtsilä awarded to power six new Pipe Laying Vessels for Brazil
Global expansion supports customer service
Basics and benefits of UR Z17
Eyes turn to Russia
A flexible business thrives in boom or bust
Offshore technology marches ahead at a quickening pace
The Finnish marine industries believe in R&D
There is no shortcut to experience
Reeds Sea Transport / Patrick M. Alderton
Full MacGregor package chosen for innovative semi-sub
Leading the way towards sustainable maritime future : Deltamarin 20 years anniversary publication
Ultrasonic tightness testing
Wastewater, ballast water, bilge water and fresh water : regulations, technology and news update
Maritime logistics : a complete guide to effective shipping and port management
Properly handled equipment is safer and more efficient
Keeping research behind closed doors can be counter-productive
On offer : financial predictability and peace of mind
Design language for new Wärtsilä four stroke engine portfolio
This new book describes the growth and decline of two industries: first the highly skilled trade of crafting wooden sailing ships; and, second, the story of the iron and steel shipbuilding industry that took its place. At one time dozens of small yards were busy building the wooden trading vessels that were the mainstay of British trade, but with the advent of steam and iron the British industry became concentrated in a few great ship-building regions such as the North East, the Clyde and Belfast. This is a masterly, readable and totally convincing narrative of 500 years of this great and mightily important British industry.
Finland streamlines functions related to the maritime cluster
British shipbuilding 1500-2010
Wärtsilä's success in Brazilian drill ship programme continues with latest genset and propulsion order
Profit from our experience
Specialist teams dedicated to conversions demand
Wärtsilä dual-fuel technology selected by green ship project by the government of South Korea
Maritime excellence together
FPSO winch is biggest yet
Maritime women : global leadership
Business in global markets
Wärtsilä to supply new design for state-of-the-art pipe laying vessels operating in Brazil
Brazil office maintains growth potential
Customer retention in a cross-border acquisition : a single case study of a knowledge-intensive firm
Offshore launch and recovery solutions refined
Bulk ship unloaders are clean as well as efficient
Wärtsilä-led consortium wins major contract to build world's largest tri-fuel plant in Jordan
Taking care of service allows dry bulk terminals to focus on core business
The use of alternative materials in marine structure construction: PIANC report no 105.
Finnish expertise in marine technology for the world
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Polish ports handbook 2009 : maritime economy and industry guide
'Enhanced  Care' package suits Wilson Ship Management
Joint effort reduces risk in subsea lifting operations
Costa Luminosa relies on efficient, proven technology
The Finnish Maritime Cluster
Joint venture in China increases focus on offshore sector
70 years of growth & innovation
World-class suppliers
Modularisation of a marine vessel's auxiliary system
A design perspective for the concepting process in the maritime industry : rationality and aspiration
Early input optimises designs
Singapore winch center supports frontline operations offshore
Builders of special vessels the first to recover
Design should be defined by cargo not by default
Maritime logistics : a guide to contemporary shipping and port management
Service commitment strengthened to serve tougher challenges offshore
Focus on Arctic regions
Kronodoc Information Logistics for the marine industry
The marine industry needs strong people of influence
Tailored to meet all budgets
A new use for big tankers
Recent developments in the tuna industry : stocks, fisheries, management, processing, trade and markets
Seatec : the Finnish marine technology review : international buyer's guide to Finnish marine technology
New types of icebreaker on the way
Deltamarin's sales director Markku Kanerva : everyone seeking energy efficiency
450 tonnes lifted under total control
Active heave compensation technology steadies the load
Heavy subsea loads handled with precision
Quality Management System as an Asset : Case Study: Small Enterprise in Global Turmoil
Crane orderbook from continues
SMM once again packs in the Finns
MERIKE spawns true innovation
Offshore support vessels : a practical guide
Arctic Passion News : [Aker Arctic Technology Inc's newsletter]
Scouring uncharted waters : managing outbound open innovation in maritime industry
MacRack is ready for delivery
Risk and reliability in marine technology
Navigating new routes to lobbying in Brussels : research on European Boating Industry
