http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4610 non-profit corporations
non-profit corporations non-profit organisations corporations for the public good
Marketing research for non-profit, community and creative organizations : how to improve your product, find customers and effectively promote your message
Managing the non-profit organization : practices and principles
Improving leadership in nonprofit organizations
Working with local institutions to support sustainable livelihoods
Ngo leadership and human rights
Marketing strategy study for Verkostopalvelu
Managing stakeholders of non-profit organization (NPO) through virtual communities of supporters
Diverse human resource management of a non-profit organisation
Strategic marketing for nonprofit organizations
Working across generations : defining the future of nonprofit leadership
The Palgrave handbook of volunteering, civic participation, and nonprofit associations
Attracting young members for the association through value creation : case study: Finland-Hong Kong Trade Association ry
The happy, healthy nonprofit
Budget and profit sensitivity analysis for an event : study case: Finland Youth to Business Forum in the spring of 2014 (AIESEC Suomi Ry)
Strategic communication for non-profit organisations : challenges and alternative approaches
Measuring customer satisfaction a case study: Kuopio Setlementti Puijola RY (Kompassi)
Sport management : principles and applications
Fundraising the SMART way : predictable, consistent income growth for your charity
Backgrounds Non-profit organizations (NPOs) have considerable contributions to a nation nowadays such as creating more jobs, generating more GDP. These organizations have also occupied the attention of researchers for several years, especially new dimensions of marketing communications in non-profit context. For example, Damayani (2006) conducted a research on communications in drawing customers' attention into new and improved offerings of a community library. Perkins (2009) researched on a valuable approach to build and sustain relationship with different individuals, groups, communities and other organizations in USA. Non-profit Technology Network (2012) researched possibly effective communication channels for NPOs. Therefore, issues of marketing communication in NPOs are worth considering to research.In addition, fundraising is reported to be the top priority communication goals in NPOs 2014, according to Nonprofit Marketing Guide.com 2014; Finland is informed to be a country having a large number of NPOs (157000 organization in 2007), according to National Report Finland, European Commission (2007). However, studies on marketing communication were limited only to US regions and did not cover areas of other countries, such as Finland. Therefore, it is significant to do research into the topic of marketing communications to attract fundraising in Finnish NPOs. Objective The thesis focuses on research on marketing communication channels that can be utilized to raise fund for Finnish NPOs. Methodology In this thesis, case study research method was chosen to fulfill the research objective. UFF was used as a case study of this research. The data were collected from primary and secondary sources. Primary data were extracted from a semi-structured interview.Secondary data were mainly obtained from documentaries. Findings The findings of this research reveal that low-cost advertising, public relations, personal selling, direct marketing, website and social media can be utilized in Finnish NPOs to raise fund. However, the findings do not show clearly that whether or not sales promotion can be used in such organizations
Global civil society : dimensions of the nonprofit sector. Vol. 2
Managing human behavior in public & nonprofit organizations
Forces for good : the six practices of high-impact nonprofits
Nonprofit management : principles and practice
Welcome on board : an orientation guide for the face-to-face fundraisers of the Finnish Red Cross
Taxation of non-profit organizations : Finland
Abstract:.
Cause-marketing for nonprofits : partner for purpose, passion, and profits
The Europa international foundation directory 2009.
Making social capital : case study of two beneficiary communities of the social housing initiative, Lagos, Nigeria
Beyond consumer marketing : sectoral marketing and emerging trends
The money-raising nonprofit brand : motivating donors to give, give happily, and keep on giving
Value-based management in not-for-profit organizations : a case study of the Hospitality Club
Nonprofit organizations : principles and practices
Publicity for nonprofits : generating media exposure that leads to awareness, growth, and contributions
Rhetorics of welfare : uncertainty, choice and voluntary associations
Volunteer tourism : a global analysis
Asking properly : the art of creative fundraising
Job Satisfaction and Innovation in Non-profit Organisations : Relationships between Facets of Job Satisfaction and Technological and Administrative Innovations
Leadership in nonprofit organizations
Managing leadership transition for nonprofits : passing the torch to sustain organizational excellence
Exploring the role of Finnish international NGOs in women empowerment in Tanzania : case: Demo Finland
Building hope : leadership in the nonprofit world
Financial and strategic management for nonprofit organizations
Content marketing for nonprofits : a communications map for engaging your community, becoming a favorite cause, and raising more money
The voluntary and non-profit sector in Japan : the challenge of change
Promoting nonprofit organizations : a reputation management approach
Civil law and tax law rules on distributions from public benefit foundations
For profit, for good : developing organizations through service design
Managerial Economics of Non-Profit Organisations
Reaching potential donors : fundraising advice for Cape Windjammers Education Trust
Formation of non-profit cross-sector collaboration
Managing a nonprofit organization
Managing a nonprofit organization in the twenty-first century
Nonprofit lifecycles : stage-based wisdom for nonprofit capacity
Job satisfaction and innovation in non-profit organisations : relationships between facets of job satisfaction and technological and administrative innovations
Nonprofit kit for dummies
Greek social economy revisited : voluntary, civic and cooperative challenges in the 21st century
Local institutions and livelyhoods : guidelines for analysis
Effective nonprofit management : context and environment
Human resource management (HRM) can aid nonprofit organizations (NPOs) in facing uncertain, changing environments of funding pressures, increasing competition and demand for services as well as internal challenges. As the distinguishing features of NPOs can render the professionalization of HRM different from the private and public sectors, this book fills a gap in the literature by offering an in-depth look at how this distinctive nature of NPOs shapes the development and implementation of their HR practices. Timely and topical, this book addresses the professionalization of HRM in the nonprofit sector using examples from an exploratory multiple case study of NPOs selected across different fields. Not only does it offer both students and practitioners in the field of HRM and nonprofit management a better understanding of the specific challenges for HRM that stem from the management of several, contradictory bottom lines in NPOs, but it also highlights the opportunities that distinguishing nonprofit features create for the development and implementation of HR practices. By illustrating how NPOs can invest in learning and adapting processes that aid them in the alteration of HRM, this book is an essential resource for those involved in designing, implementing and studying HRM in NPOs.
How to manage successful marketing : case of Haaga-Helia Degree Programme in Sports and Leisure in Vierumäki
The Routledge companion to nonprofit marketing
Creating your strategic plan : a workbook for public and nonprofit organizations
Brand identity development of a non-profit organization : case: Lasten Tulevaisuus - Children's Future ry
Money games being excluded from services directive
The main aim of this study is to investigate market opportunities for a sustainable solution to inadequate project grants and funding for Joensuu Family House. Joensuu Family House is a strategic not-for-profit Non-Governmental Organization (NGO). For this reason, it depends on the goodwill of donor agencies, individuals and corporate organizations, particularly the Finnish Raha-automaattiyhdistys (RAY). This study provides strategic means through partnership with companies to attain a relative financial security for the NGO. The execution of this study comprised of an electronic questionnaire which was emailed to some companies located in North Karelia, face to face interviews with key officials of the Save the Children, Lähiötalo and Joensuu Family House (Perheentalo) in Finland. Ananalysis of secondary data obtained from online databases is included as well. The result of the study shows that there are companies interested in a Joensuu Family House partnership initiative. Although the NGO’s main focus is to obtain financial partnership, most companies are willing to volunteer their services as well as products. However, most of the companies are willing to partner up because of several otherreasons.
Robin Hood marketing : stealing corporate savvy to sell just causes
Cause marketing for dummies
Ecotourism, NGOs, and development : a critical analysis
Optimizing active volunteer engagement and motivation in an internationally operating nonprofit organization : case: Allianssi Youth Exchanges
The bestselling guide to nonprofit planning, with proven, practical advice Strategic Planning for Nonprofit Organizations describes a proven method for creating an effective, organized, actionable strategy, tailored to the unique needs of the nonprofit organization. Now in its third edition, this bestselling manual contains new information about the value of plans, specific guidance toward business planning, and additional information about the strategic plan document itself. Real-world case studies illustrate different planning and implementation scenarios and techniques, and the companion.
Microeconomics for public managers
Businesss model generation for a nonprofit organization : Pirkanmaan Protopajaverkosto
Social enterprise and the third sector : changing European landscapes in a comparative perspective
Activist entrepreneurship : attac'ing norms and articulating disclosive stories
The Jossey-Bass handbook of nonprofit leadership and management
Accountability and effectiveness evaluation in non-profit organizations
Social entrepreneurship : a modern approach to social value creation
People to people fundraising : social networking and Web 2.0 for charities
Nonprofit organizations that use volunteer work often have limited financial resources to invest in promotion or advertising and all extra costs are cut. Allianssi Youth Exchanges is one of these organizations. This research will study how Allianssi Youth Exchanges could optimize their active volunteer activities so that they would have a “win-win” situation with their active volunteers – both parties' benefits would be maximized. The reserarch question is: How to increase and optimize active volunteer engagement and motivation in Allianssi Youth Exchanges? The research question was approached, by looking into the motivational and de-motivational factors that affect motivation and engagement in volunteer work. The organization's side was also approached by asking how the organization could get the most out of their active volunteers. The theory framework dealt with volunteer management and active volunteerism. The empirical phase of the research was done in two stages. The first stage included qualitative interviews for Allianssi Youth Exchanges' active volunteers. The second stage involved benchmarking Allianssi Youth Exchanges' partner organizations through an e-mail inquiry. The key findings were that Allianssi Youth Exchanges' active volunteers are satisfied with their work, but are not used at their full capacity. The organization should focus more on personal contacts and diversity in activities for active volunteers.
Packed with case studies and ripped-from-the-headlines examples, Non-Profit Organizations: Real Issues for Public Administrators introduces critical issues commonly encountered when managing non-profit organizations and gives you the tools to develop policies and procedures to meet the challenges that arise when these issues occur. The authors use the case study methodology to explore decision-making issues and provide potential solutions. It provides an applied framework to use when managing a non-profit organization. The book provides case studies that range from unethical behavior to poor operational decisions to illegal activities in non-profit organizations. The authors discuss the events in phases and then identify what issues should concern the administrator and potential solutions to each phase of a case study. In addition, many of the case studies address more than one issue that threatened an organization’s finances and its credibility to its stakeholders and the public. Using the information in this book, you can create a checklist of issues that will help you and your organization avoid scandals or alleged criminal activity, and better defuse fallout if an incident occurs. It gives you a "safe" environment in which to "live" through a case study without suffering the consequences of lost resources, assets, or worse, public trust, for your organization in reality.
The worth of the social economy : an international perspective
SWOT analysis of the Finnish Red Cross emergency response unit deployment in Kenya 2006 - 2007
Accountability and effectiveness evaluation in nonprofit organizations
Managing and measuring performance in public and nonprofit organizations : an integrated approach
The non nonprofit : for-profit thinking for nonprofit success
Customer profitability measurement in a not-for-profit organization
Leaders who make a difference : essential strategies for meeting the nonprofit challenge
Partnership with companies as a strategic choice for fundraising
Creating an international community based online platform operated from Jyväskylä
Budgeting handbook for a small non-profit organisation in India : case organisation: ATMA
Human resource management in nonprofit organizations
Examining the efficacy of volunteer HRM practices within a subset of Nordic CSOs
Non-profit organizations : real issues for public administrators
Marketing communication channels for fundraising in Finnish non-profit organisations : case: UFF
Relationship fundraising : a donor-based approach to the business of raising money
Social ventures : the theory of sustainable contributive advantage and initial empirical tests
Culminatum Ltd Oy: Analysing and developing the marketing campaign and internet portal of the "Development of welfare entrepreneurs’ business knowledge, network communication and networking" project.
The importance of developing volunteer human resource management practices in order to improve volunteer retention in community sport organisations is well documented. Increasingly however stakeholders are beginning to realise that the application of traditional management practices within community sport organisations may have only limited success due to inherent differences in the structures, culture, processes and working environments of such organisations to their commerical counterparts. All existing studies have however focused on mainstream, locally popular sports and none have been conducted within the Nordic countries. This study sought to address this gap in the literature by identifying current volunteer human resource management practices within mainstream but not locally popular community sport organisations within the Nordics, and to examine the efficacy of these practices in terms of perceived volunteer retention. Participants were 141 board-level representatives of clubs and federations from the sports of American football, Australian rules football, baseball, cricket, and rugby union in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. Each completed an online survey that identified existing volunteer management practices and assessed perceived issues associated with volunteer retention. The results indicated that the more extensively community sport organisations adopted volunteer management practices, the less perceived problems of volunteer retention were an issue. The application of planning practices in particular were a significant predictor of general perceived problems of volunteer retention and for the retention of board members in particular. The implications for all stakeholders within Nordic community sport are discussed, with specific recommendations that more widespread implementation of planning practices be considered as part of any new model of volunteer management.
Networked Nonprofit : connecting with Social Media to Drive Change
Human resource management in the nonprofit sector : passion, purpose and professionalism
Now available in a fully revised and updated fourth edition, Sport Management: Principles and Applications introduces the sport industry and examines the role of the state, non-profit and professional sectors in sport. It focuses on core management principles and their application in a sporting context, highlighting the unique challenges faced in a career in sport management. Written in an engaging and accessible style, each chapter has a clear structure designed to make key information and concepts simple to find and to utilize. Chapters contain a conceptual overview, references, further reading, links to important websites, study questions and up-to-date case studies from around the world to show how theory works in the real world, and a companion website offers additional activities for students and guidance notes and slides for instructors. The book covers every core functional area of management, including: * strategic planning * organizational culture * organizational structures * human resource management * leadership * governance * financial management * marketing * performance management. This fourth edition also includes expanded coverage of sport media, change management and other contemporary management issues, providing a comprehensive introduction to the practical application of management principles within sport organizations. It is ideal for first and second year students on sport management related courses, as well as those studying business-focused or human movement courses seeking an overview of applied sport management principles.
"Why commercial-style branding doesn't work for nonprofits--and what doesTaking its cue from for-profit corporations, the nonprofit world has increasingly turned to commercial-style branding to raise profiles and encourage giving. But it hasn't worked. Written by a longtime industry insider, this book argues that branding strategies borrowed from for-profit companies hasn't just failed, but has actually discouraged giving. But why does branding--a well-developed discipline with a history of commercial success--fail when applied to nonprofits? The Money-Raising Nonprofit Brand + Website argues that commercial-style branding is the wrong tool applied in the wrong way to the wrong industry. Offers a real-world fundraising strategies that work in the nonprofit world Disabuses readers of the dangerous notion that commercial-style marketing works in the fundamentally different nonprofit world Written by an industry insider with 25 years of experience raising funds for many of the most successful nonprofits in the world Nonprofit fundraising is a fundamentally different world--financially, emotionally, and practically--than commercial marketing. Here, the author explains why commercial marketing strategies don't work and provides practical, experience-based alternatives that do"--
Increasing Fida International̀s visibility and financial support through a marketing guide
Co-production : the third sector and the delivery of public services
The relationship between organizational justice and turnover intention in the voluntery sector
Developing Customer Strategy and Segmentation, Case: The Finnish Seamen's Mission in the Benelux
A practical guide for doing small non-profit project
Abstract: Research indicates that organisations need to be more flexible, adaptive, entrepreneurial and innovative in order to effectively meet the changing demands of today's environment. On the other hand, it seems that higher level of job satisfaction is beneficial for companies to promote innovation climate and innovation activities. Therefore, job satisfaction appears to be tied to innovation, which is vital for the long-term success of the non-profit organisations. This study examines the potential relationships between job satisfaction facets, such as income, opportunities for advancement, relations with co-workers and supervisor, nature of work and job security, with technological and administrative innovations in the context of non-profit organisations. There were three stages to the research: formulating a conceptual model defining, based on literature, the concepts and relationships of job satisfaction, its facets and the two types of innovation; studying a non-profit organisation and identifying a way of measuring the afore-mentioned relationships; and testing the conceptual model utilising statistical theories. The employees of the case-study organisation completed a questionnaire measuring job satisfaction facets, technological and administrative innovations. The results indicated that facets that are favourable to administrative innovation differ from those that are conducive to technological innovation. In particular, satisfaction with income and the relations with co-workers are statistically significant predictors of administrative innovation, in a positive and a negative way respectively. Plus, satisfaction with the opportunities for advancement is a positive significant predictor of technological innovation. Complementing these results, an automatic model, which was built using IBM SPSS Statistics 21, designated the relation with co-workers and the manager and the satisfaction with the income and the nature of work as further important predictors of technological innovation and the opportunities for advancement and the job security as additional important predictors of administrative innovation.
Handbook on third sector policy in Europe : multi-level processes and organized civil society
Mission accomplished. A practical guide to risk management for nonprofits
Fundraising with businesses : 40 new (and improved!) strategies for nonprofits
Expanding the pie : fostering effective non-profit and corporate partnerships
Financial sustainability for nonprofit organizations
Shift & reset : strategies for addressing serious issues in a connected society
Performance and productivity in public and nonprofit organizations
The nonprofit marketing guide : high-impact, low-cost ways to build support for your good cause
Effective consultancies in development and humanitarian programmes
Planning and organizing events for non-profit organizations in Finland and in United States of America : case: Golfasaurus 2007
"Essential strategies the nonprofit community can use to take advantage of rapidly changing technologies and new communication methods in our ultra-connected society. In these challenging economic times, it is more important than ever for nonprofits to focus on shaping policy, building capacity, developing talent, improving their marketing and promotion, fundraising, and developing partnerships/collaboration for organizational success. Shift & Reset: Strategies for Supporting Causes in a Connected Society teaches the nonprofit/social change/philanthropy/cause community how to take advantage of rapidly changing technologies and new communication ecosystem that exist in our connected society. Addresses the most critical challenges facing the nonprofit/social change/philanthropy/cause community Re-envisions how we support causes and address serious issues in our connected society Outlines how organizations must operate and what happens when they don't re-think their work. Features interviews with over twenty-five leading thinkers/authors/organizational leaders Innovative and right on time, Shift & Reset equips nonprofit professionals with a set of three core principles, a five-step checklist of immediate action items, as well as a list of ten "must-read" items"--Provided by publisher.
Strategic planning for nonprofit organizations : a practical guide for dynamic times
The thesis is about work orientation and it is commissioned by the Finnish Red Cross. It aims at improving the orientation methods of the Finnish Red Cross. The outcome of the thesis is a confidential orientation guide for the new fundraisers of the Finnish Red Cross. The purpose of the guide is to pass on the most relevant information regarding the position. The orientation guide also covers topics such as work motivation and the responsibilities of a fundraiser and a team leader. The guide includes a self-assessment form that aims at improving performance at work. The research question to be answered in the thesis is “What does a good orientation guide for the new face-to-face fundraisers of the Finnish Red Cross include”. The research methods used in the thesis were interviews conducted for the face-to-face coordinators, the fundraising manager and the fundraising planner. The research conducted was a qualitative research. The theoretical framework of the thesis consists of theories on work orientation, motivation and non-profit organisations. Those were topical for the sake of the thesis. Additionally the author's personal working experience as a fundraiser was utilised in the thesis. The orientation guide produced here focuses on three main themes: providing the most important information for the new face-to-face fundraiser at the Finnish Red Cross, presenting tools for self-assessment, and helping the employees achieve better results at work. The orientation guide created for the Finnish Red Cross is confidential and therefore is not included in this thesis report. However the table of contents of the guide can be seen in Appendix 1. The produced orientation guide has been read and accepted by the contact person of the Finnish Red Cross. Therefore the guide can be used as a part of the orientation process of the new face-to-face fundraisers and the goal of the thesis has been reached. Further research on how the orientation guide has affected the face-to-face fundraisers work would be interesting.
Non-profit organizations : challenges and collaboration
Successful marketing strategies for nonprofit organizations : winning in the age of the elusive donor
Profits for nonprofits : the affect of new fundraising methods on public relations
Comparative corporate governance of non-profit organizations
