http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4623 ages (periods of time)
ages (periods of time)
Prepare for 2012 and beyond
A visitor`s guide to Jane Austen`s England
13 modern artists children should know
National Geographic concise history of the world : an illustrated timeline
After the end of art : contemporary art and the pale of history
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
The decisive battles of the Western World and their influence upon history. Vol 1, 480 b.C - 1757
A new history of philosophy. Vol. 1, Ancient & medieval
The way things were
The uninvited guests
The timetables of history : a chronology of world events : based on Werner Steins's Kulturfahrplan
Is humanity approaching a Golden Age, driven by technology and ever-closer global networks? Or is the notion of progress an illusion born in the West?
Obrazy vremeni i istoričeskie predstavleniâ : Rossiâ - Vostok - Zapad = Images of time and historical representations : Russia - the East - the West
Nations
Nations : the dice game
The Palgrave handbook of literature and the city
The incarnations
The story of gardening
Period hairstyles for studio, stage and screen : a practical reference for actors, models, make-up artists, photographers, and directors
Dangerous days in Elizabethan England : a history of the terrors and the torments, the dirt, diseases and deaths suffered by our ancestors
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 9, Arrival in Kyoto
Changing history? : the past and the historian : International Students of History Association (ISHA) seminar, October 2-7, 2000, Turku, Finland
Journal of psychiatric and mental health nursing
A thousand years of stained glass
Period make-up for studio, stage & screen : a practical reference for actors, models, make-up artists, photographers, stage managers & directors
Significant events in British and European history : 55 B.C. - A.D. 1935
The key
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 1, Meiji swordsman romantic story
The great Gatsby
The limit
Go set a watchman
Vintage wedding style : more than 25 simple projects and endless inspiration for designing your big day
Style me vintage : weddings : an inspirational guide to styling the perfect vintage wedding
The lowland : a novel
Handbook of museum technique
Palaeogeophysics
Pattern design : a period design sourcebook
Vom Schatz der Drachen : chinesisches Porzellan des 19. und 20. Jahrhunderts aus der Sammlung Weishaupt = From the dragon's treasure
Dramatic Dance sets a programme for actors to perform dance as part of the drama, offering several approaches which can contribute to developing this understanding, to training this skill, and always ensuring that the whole active and thinking body and mind are fully engaged with the task of making dance an integral and vital part of theatre. To study dance in this way allows students to develop further their understanding of logic and structure in a dramatic text.
Geeks and geezers : how era, values, and defining moments shape leaders
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 7, In the 11th year of Meiji, may 14th
History of soil science : from its inception to the present
The Mahābhārata and the Yugas : India's great epic poem and the Hindu system of world ages
On the origin of the species homo touristicus : the evolution of travel from Greek spas to space tourism
Heyday : the 1850s and the dawn of the global age
High time for heroes
The story of music
When the doves disappeared : a novel
The book of whole meals : a seasonal guide to assembling balanced vegetarian breakfasts, lunches & dinners
The dark
Period make-up : for studio, stage & screen : a practical reference for actors, models, make-up artists, photographers, stage managers & directors
In vogue : 75 years of style
Centuries of change : which century saw the most change and why it matters to us
An Edwardian housewife's companion : a guide for the perfect home
Arts & ideas
The complete vintage wedding guide : how to get married in style
Plato at the Googleplex : Why philosophy won't go away
Awe for the tiger, love for the lamb : a chronicle of sensibility to animals
A new history of philosophy. Vol. 2, Modern
50 artist you should know
Âmal : Gran' vekov i tysâčeletij : Populârnyj illûstrirovannyj očerk istorii kraâ s drevnejših vremen = Yamal : at the edge of milleniums : illustrated essay on the region's history from prehistoric times
Eavesdropping on Jane Austen's England : how our ancestors lived two centuries ago
Period Hairstyles for Studio, Stage and Screen : A Practical Reference for Actors, Models, Make-up Artists, Photographers, and Directors
The little book of Wonder Woman
Encyclopedia of the Middle Ages
Postwar : a history of Europe since 1945
13 sculptures children should know
The vicious Vikings
[A suggestive outline of British history]
Physics and geology
The little book of Batman
Why a bastard? : a possible historical origin for the illegitimate hero in the Bâtard de Bouillon
The complete guide to prehistoric life
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 6, No worries
The key to baroque art
2012 and beyond
How to be both
Questioning the millenium : a rationalist's guide to a precisely arbitrary countdown
Rivals for Catan : Deluxe
Dramatic dance : an actor's approach to dance as a dramatic art
How to read houses : a crash course in domestic architecture
The hill of the hidden secrets : a chronicle of an imaginary excavation
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 4, Dual conclusions
Design for life : our daily lives, the spaces we shape, and the ways we communicate, as seen thorough the collections of America's National Design Museum
Transition to the golden age in 2032
Period make-up for the stage : step-by-step
Clouds above the hill : a historical novel of the Russo-Japanese War, volume II
Confessions of a Jane Austen addict
The ugly Renaissance
Croodit
India : five thousand years of Indian art
The Jane Austen collection
Abstract.
The paths of history
Investment banking : institutions, politics, and law
Journal of hospitality & leisure marketing
Marxist history of the world : from Neanderthals to neoliberals
Japanese chronological tables from 601 to 1872 A. D.
The decisive battles of the Western World and their influence upon history. Vol 2, 1792-1944
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 3, A reason to act
[Short analysis of English history]
America : a history in art : the American journey told by painters, sculptors, photographers, and architects
The lowland
Fashion : the whole story
Empire furniture : introduction, adoption, adaptation and conservation : Proceedings eight International Symposium on Wood and Furniture Conservation
Proceedings of the 1st Atlantic Islands Neogene International Congress, 12-14 June 2006, Sao Miguel, Azores, Portugal
Rivals for Catan puts you in charge of one of the two factions developing newlysettled Catan. Use your unique card mix to create your own principality. Explore and settle new lands. Acquire resources through card play and the luck of the dice. Use gold, resource combinations, and trade to develop your domain. Expand your settlements and cities, recruit heroes, and defend your lands through politics, invention and intrigue. Use your cunning! Become Prince of Catan!
Palermo city of kings : the heart of Sicily
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
The chemistry of ancient life : amino acids, stable isotopes and the anthropology connection
The timechart history of the world
Song on my lips : jazz greats were my mentors
A poetics of pastiche : modernist and postmodernist perspectives
The named
Palermo, the capital city of Sicily, is a destination with a difference. The city is a treasure trove of original monuments and works of art, combined with architecture of grand proportions. Yet it also has a grittier side, exemplified by its mafia connections. Jeremy Dummett here provides the first concise history of Palermo, together with a survey of its most important monuments and sites.
Clouds above the hill : a historical novel of the Russo-Japanese War, volume I
Futures past : on the semantics of historical time
The stress of her regard
The jeweled garden
The politics of time : modernity and avant-garde
Contemporaneity in two versions of the Legend of King Arthur by Sir Thomas Malory and Marion Bradley : an application of the structural study of myth
Longbourn : a novel
Positively 4th street : the lives and times of Joan Baez, Bob Dylan, Mimi Baez Fariña and Richard Fariña
Do humankind's best days lie ahead?
