http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p462 law of property
law of property
Law of property
Towards a European civil code
Business law forum 2013
A commentary on the constitution of the United States. 2, The rights of property
Private international law in Russia
English private law
The conflict of laws : a comparative study. Vol. 4, Property: bills and notes : inheritance : trusts : Application of foreign law : intertemporal relations
Property law perspectives. III
Cases and materials : property
The law of property in the later Roman republic
English-Chinese intellectual property dictionary
Commercial law
The new private international law of contract of the European Community : implementation of the EEC's contractual obligations convention in England and Wales under the contracts (applicable law) act 1990
Property law
Modern land law
Abstract.
Modern studies in property law. volume 3
English private law : first uppdating supplement
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Chapter 10, Contracts in general : Formal requirements
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 6, Chapter 2, Property and trust : Structural variations in property law
Research handbook on the economics of property law
Understanding victimology
This book contains a collection of peer reviewed papers presented at the ninth biennial Modern Studies in Property Law conference held at the University of Southampton in March 2012. It is the 7th volume to be published under the name of the conference. The conference and its published proceedings have become an established forum for property lawyers from around the world to showcase current research in the discipline. This collection reflects both the breadth of modern research in property law and its international dimensions. Incorporating a keynote address by Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe,
The Permanent Court of International Justice : a treatise
Restatement of the law of property. Volume 1, Introduction and freehold estates
Property rights in money
Property law : cases and materials
The conflict of laws : a comparative study. Vol. 3, Special obligations : modification and discharge of obligations
Property and European integration : dimension of Article 345 TFEU
Property : values and institutions
The conflict of laws : a comparative study. Vol 2, Foreign corporations : contracts in general
An introduction to land law
All my wordly goods : a feminist perspective on the legal regulation of wealth
Modern studies in property law. Volume 2, Property 2002
Modern studies in property law. Volume 5
Changing contours of domestic life, family and law : caring and sharing
Equity and trusts : text, cases and materials
Rules for the transfer of movables : a candidate for European harmonisation or national reforms?
Property rights and natural resources
International encyclopedia of comparative law. Vol. 10, Restitution - unjust enrichment and negotiorum gestio
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe. : Vol. 2, England and Wales, Ireland, Scotland, Cyprus
Introduction to Turkish law
Property law and the public interest : cases and materials
International financial law : lending, capital transfers and institutions. Vol. 1
Modern studies in property law. Volume 6
Principles of Scottish private law. 3
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe. Vol. 1, Austria, Estonia, Italy, Slovenia
Modern studies in property law / Volume 7
Summary
Principles of French law
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe : Vol. 5, Sweden, Norway and Denmark, Finland, Spain
Intellectual property rights and biodiversity conservation : an interdisciplinary analysis of the values of medicinal plants
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe : Vol. 6, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Malta, Latvia
The principle of numerus clausus in European property law
Introduction to the law of property
Divergences of property law, an obstacle to the internal market?
Restatement of the law of property.. Vol. 4
European and national property law : osmosis or growing antagonism?
Cases and materials on modern property law
Comprehensive land claim agreement between Her Majesty the Queen in right of Canada and the Dene of Colville Lake, Déline, Fort Good Hope and Fort Norman and the Metis of Fort Good Hope, Fort Norman and Norman Wells in the Sahtu Region of the Mackenzie Valley as represented by the Sahtu Tribal Council. Volume 1.
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 6, Chapter 11, Property and trust : Trust
Restatement of the law of property. Volume 5, Servitudes
Invisible gold in Asia : creating wealth through intellectual property
Law and economics. Vol. 2
Property rights and sustainability : the evolution of property rights to meet ecological challenges
Restatement of the law of property. Vol. 3, Future interests (continued and concluded)
Family law
Modern studies in property law. Volume 8
The Code Napoleon, or, The French Civil Code
Law and economics : an introductory analysis
European family law in action. 4, Property relations between spouses
Cheshire and Burn's Modern law of real property
Ausländische Betriebstätten im Ertrag- und Vermögensteuerrecht = Taxation of foreign permanent establishments
Foundations of private law : property, tort, contract, unjust enrichment
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Contracts in general : Chapter 9 : The formation of contracts
Modern studies in property law. Volume 4
Wives and property : reform of the married women's property law in nineteenth-century England
Righting wrongs in eastern Europpe
The international law of property
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Contracts in general : Chapter 6 : Contract in the Far East - China and Japan
Context over consent : addressing the status of non-signatories in international commercial arbitration
Conceptualising home : theories, laws and policies
International law and United States law
Property law and policy : a comparative institutional perspective
Taking property and just compensation : law and economics perspectives of the takings issue
Understanding property law
Compensation for damage : an international perspective
Intellectual property law in China
Financing forms of gas pipelines in the United States and in Finland
Teacher's manual to accompany cases and materials on property law
The idea of property in law
Commons and anticommons
Party autonomy in international property law
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe. Vol. 3, Germany, Greece, Lithuania, Hungary
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe. Vol. 4, France, Belgium, Bulgaria, Poland, Portugal
Modern studies in property law. Volume 1, Property 2000
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-G, Property : legal precedents
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Contracts in general : Chapter 13 : Rights of third parties. Third party beneficiaries and assignment
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Chapter 24, Private international law : Contracts
Landmark cases in property law
Understanding transnational commercial arbitration
Restatement of the law of property. Volume 2, Future interests: parts 1 and 2 and index to vols 1 and 2
The principles of personal property law
Introduction to Swiss law
The construction of property : norms, institutions, challenges
Torts : scope of protection
Sharing lives, dividing assets : an inter-disciplinary study
The structure of property law
Cases and materials on contracts
New perspectives in the Roman law of property : essays for Barry Nicholas
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-E, Property : legal precedents
Cases, materials and text on property law
