http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4622 prehistory
prehistory
Early Irish history and mythology
The Kin
From forager to farmer in the Boreal Zone : reconstructing economic patterns through catchment analysis in prehistoric Finland
Food and western disease : health and nutrition from an evolutionary perspective
The death of gods in ancient Egypt : an essay on Egyptian religion and the frame of time
Southeast Asia : a past regained
Prehistoric Religion : a Study in Prehistoric Archaeology
The Cambridge history of western textiles. 2
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2004.
Ancient history : from the first civilizations to the Renaissance
This article is the first part of a series that employs a descendant historical reconstruction methodology to reverse-engineer areas where Finnic languages were spoken especially during the Iron Age (500 BC–AD 1150/1300). This opening article of the series presents a heuristic cartographic model of estimated locations of groups speaking Finnic languages and their neighbours in ca. AD 1000.
Germanic animal art of Salin's style I in Finland / en västfinsk kulturgrupp under yngre järnåldern ; Torsten Edgren. Der Pekkatori in Raahe : Studien über einen eckverschlossenen Platz und seine Gebäudetypen ; Henrik Lilius
The cultivation and weaving of cotton in the prehistoric Southwestern United States
De situ linguarum aetatis ferreae, pars I
The real middle-earth : magic and mystery in the dark ages
Istoriâ hazar = The history of the Khazars
Contributions to the Prehistory of Nubia
The rise and fall of the classical world : 2500 BC-600 AD
Of earth and fire : Pre-Columbian and contemporary pottery from Nicaragua = De tierra y fuego : cerámica precolombina y contemporánea de Nicaragua
Atlas to the prehistory of the slavs. Part 2, Text
The way of the sea
An African classical age : eastern and southern Africa in world history, 1000 B.C. to A.D. 400
The archaeology of Palestine
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Prehistoric man in Europe
Power Grid : The First Sparks
Prehistoric monsters!
Women in antiquity
Human touch, natural processes: The development of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland from past to present
Prehistoric animals
Mezolith. book 2, Stone age dreams and nightmares
The second volume in Ben Haggarty and Adam Brockbank's stunning series of adventure set 10,000 years in the past. The Kansa tribe live on the eastern shores of Stone Age Britain, where danger is never far away. Step by step, Poika's journey into manhood continues-caught in a mesh of tribal hunts, gatherings, and feasts determined by the waxing and waning of thirteen moons. The boundary between the real and imagined worlds blur as more and more of the Kansa cosmology is revealed in the dreams, nightmares, and ancestral beauty of Mezolith.
Discovering prehistory
Patterns in prehistory : humankind's first three million years
Through past millennia : archaeological discoveries in Estonia
Hunters, gatherers and first farmers beyond Europe : an archaeological survey
World prehistory : a brief introduction
Early Finnish art : from prehistory to the Middle Ages
Prehistory of India
Archaeology in China. 1, Prehistoric China
Early man in China
Britain B. C.
We tested if hand-carried field proximal soil sensing (PSS) can be used to map the distribution of anthropogenic Amazonian Dark Earths (ADE). ADE soils are rich in archaeological artefacts, nutrients, organic matter and carbon in the very stable form of pyrogenic carbon, also referred to as black carbon or biochar. To test the capacity of PSS to detect signature ADE properties we measured electrical conductivity (ECa), magnetic susceptibility (MSa) and gamma ray data by transect sampling and compared these readings, using fuzzy classification, with datasets on chemical soil properties from a 28 ha large study area located on the Belterra Plateau of the Lower Amazon in northern Brazil. Results indicate that ECa and MSa measurements were good indicators of ADE signatures, but that the gamma radiation sensor was less useful in the deeply weathered soils. PSS and fuzzy classification can be used for rapid field mapping of ADE for both agricultural and archaeological purposes.
History of Chinese civilization : the origin
The explanation of culture change : models in prehistory
History of mankind : cultural and scientific development. Volume 1, part 2, The beginnings of civilization
Prehistory of Japan
Viking Age in Finland : identity and identification : pre-print materials of the seminar “Identity and identification and the Viking Age in Finland (with special emphasis on the Åland Islands)” : Mariehamn, Åland 03.-04.09.2012
Prehistoric Lithuania : Arheological exposition guide
On the use of the deer-horn pick in the mining operations of the ancients
The mammoth academy in trouble
The January dancer
Masterpieces of ancient jewelry : exquisite objects from the cradle of civilization
The archaeology of the afterlife : deciphering the past from tombs, graves and mummies
The ice age tracker's guide
Catalogue of British and European prehistoric metalwork in Birmingham City Museums
The Stone Age sentinel
Wolf brother
What happened in history
Dinosaurs : a nonfiction companion to Dinosaurs before dark
Conquest by Man : the Saga of early exploration and discovery
Prehistoric World : Cretaceous Life
Ice-age hunters of the Ukraine
The prehistory of Europe
Croodit
Atlas to the prehistory of the Slaves. 2, Text
Merlin's island : essays on Britain in the dark ages
Domesday : a search for the roots of England
The eye of the falcon
Dinosaurology : being an account of an expedition into the unknown : South America - April 1907
The early history of India : from 600 B.C. to the Muhammadan conquest including the invasion of Alexander the Great
Jomon of Japan : the world's oldest pottery
Prehistoric sacred sites of Wessex
Children's encyclopedia of the ancient world : step back in time to discover the wonders of the Stone Age, ancient Egypt, ancient Greece, ancient Rome, the Aztecs and Maya, the Incas, ancient China and ancient Japan
History of mankind : cultural and scientific development. 1, Prehistory and the beginnings of civilization
This article reviews women of Germanic tribes mentioned in early Greek and Latin sources that have, in the past, been interpreted as cult functionaries or even 'priestesses'. Each case is presented and it is shown that although these women may have connections with the  supernatural, with prophecy and even had political influence, there is no reason to presume they are associated with a particular cult or a formal role in any cult.
Prehistory : an introduction
The burning shadow
The Bible as history
The story of music : from antiquity to the present
This paper presents a brief study of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland. Most rural landscapes in southern Finland are produced by traditional agriculture and affected by modern farming. The cultural landscape of the countryside is therefore a human cultural achievement: working the land creates the agrarian landscape. Natural processes must be yielded and acknowledged, however. The various periodic layers of the rural landscape derive from its inhabitants and their historical periods. In this way, the landscape is comprised of natural and cultural phenomena, which can be both old and new. This paper is based on a study of the rural cultural landscapes of Perniö and Karjaa in southern Finland. The examination suggests a long-term landscape development from prehistoric to historical periods.
The Oxford history of ancient Egypt
Prehistory of northeastern Africa : new ideas and discoveries
Britain Before History
The paleoart of Julius Csotonyi : dinosaurs, saber-tooths & beyond
The megalithic European : the 21st century traveller in prehistoric Europe
Guns, germs, and steel : the fates of human societies
Europe's lost civilization : exploring the mysteries of the megaliths
Ancient horsemen of Siberia
The Northmen
Discovering prehistoric England
Chronicles of ancient darkness omnibus : Wolf brother, Spirit walker, Soul eater
The prehistory of Denmark
The Roots of ancient India : the archaeology of early Indian civilization
The archaeology and geomorphology of Northern Asia : selected works
The beginnings of Chinese civilization : three lectures illustrated with finds at Anyang
Ancient kings of Peru : the reliability of the Chronicle of Fernando de Montesinos : correlating the dynasty lists with current prehistoric periodization in the Andes
The paleo manifesto : ancient wisdom for lifelong health
The dawn of European civilization
The view over Atlantis
Prehistoric Japan
How chiefs come to power : the political economy in prehistory
A history of Libya
The faded map : the story of the lost kingdoms of Scotland
Stonehenge : mysteries of the stones and landscape
The complete guide to prehistoric life
The steppe and the sown
The children's atlas of world history
The Stone Age hill dwellers of Tekkalakota : (preliminary report of the excavations at Tekkalakota)
A handbook of archaeology : cultures and sites : North Africa, Egypt, Southwest Asia, Mediterranean, Northwest Europe, Northern Europe, Central Europe, Southeast Europe, Eastern Europe, Western Asia. Vol. 1, 3, The transitional age
Flying dinosaurs : how fearsome reptiles became birds
The archaeology of wings : birds and people in the Baltic Sea region during the Stone Age
The incredible human journey
Snapshots of the past
The Kingfisher Atlas of the Ancient World
Archaeology and society : reconstructing the prehistoric past
Aegean prehistoric archaeology
People and the sky : our ancestors and the cosmos
Using proximal soil sensors and fuzzy classification for mapping Amazonian Dark Earths
History of mankind : cultural and scientific development. Volume 1, part 1, Prehistory
African societies in southern Africa : historical studies
Prehistoric Britain
The birth of China : a survey of the formative period of Chinese civilization
Prehistoric peoples : discover the long-ago world of the first humans
Where has Ireland come from?
Prehistoric India : to 1000 B.C
The pre-historic background of Indian culture
Sysmän esihistoriaopas = Sysmä's prehistory guide
Irrefutable evidence : adventures in the history of forensic science
The dinosaur skull
The Oxford illustrated prehistory of Europe
The age of Stonehenge
The complete illustrated encyclopedia of dinosaurs & prehistoric creatures : the ultimate illustrated reference guide to 1000 dinosaurs and prehistoric creatures, with 2000 specially commissioned illustrations, maps and photographs
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Dinosaurs : a children's encyclopedia
Prehistoric man
Mysteries and discoveries of archaeoastronomy : from Giza to Easter Island
Prehistoric riverine adaptations in subarctic Finnish Lapland : the Teno river drainage. Pt. 1 & Pt. 2
The Ancient Near East : a very short introduction
Early ships and seafaring : European water transport
Inca : discover the culture and geography of a lost civilization
Females as cult functionaries or ritual specialists in the Germanic Iron Age?
Spain : a musician's journey through time and space. Volume I
Man, settlement and urbanism : proceedings of a meeting of the research seminar in archaeology and related subjects held at the Institute of archaeology, London University
Sārnate : living by a coastal lake during the East Baltic Neolithic
People of the earth : an introduction to world prehistory
Early Britain
Children's encyclopedia : dinosaurs and prehistoric life
Dinosaurs : the most complete, up-to-date encyclopedia for dinosaur lovers of all ages
An illustrated outline history of mankind. [I]
The urban mind : cultural and environmental dynamics
World prehistory : an outline
Ur of the Chaldees : a record of seven years of excavation
Peasants and potters
History in earth and stone : prehistoric and Roman monuments in England and Wales
The atlas of early man
The cave painters : probing the mysteries of the world's first artists
Fossils : the practical guide to paleontology
Illustrated episodes in a 10,000-year Odyssey : a businessman's guide to Finnish history
