http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4620 suffering
suffering
Taking wrongs seriously : apologies and reconciliation
The importance of suffering : the value and meaning of emotional discontent
Suffering, death, and identity
The problem of pain
Jesus and His sacrifice : a study of the passion-sayings in the Gospels
The eschatology of 1 Peter : considering the influence of Zechariah 9-14
Generic and professional caring in a chinese setting : an ethnographic study
God help the child
Suffering : a sociological introduction
Pondering the Passion : what's at stake for Christians and Jews?
Pain : a cultural history
The passion in art / Richard Harries
Counselling for grief and bereavement
Buddhism, knowledge, and liberation : a philosophical analysis of suffering
In Tears to Triumph, the author argues that we-as a culture and as individuals-have learned to avoid facing pain. By doing so, we are neglecting the spiritual work of healing. Instead of allowing ourselves to embrace our hurt, we numb it, medicate it, dismiss it, or otherwise divert our attention so that we never have to face it. In refusing to acknowledge our suffering, we actually prolong it and deny ourselves the opportunity for profound wisdom-ultimately limiting our personal growth and opportunity for enlightenment. Frozen by denial, we are left standing in the breech. Whole industries profit from this immobility, and while they have grown rich, we have become spiritually poorer. As Marianne makes clear, true healing and transcendence can only come when we finally face our pain and wrestle with what it has to teach us. Written with warm compassion and profound wisdom, Tears to Triumph offers us a powerful way forward through the pain, to a deeper awareness of our feelings, our lives, and our true selves.
In the eyes of God : a study on the culture of suffering
Detailed Contents; Lecture 1. The Problem of Evil and the Argument from Evil; Lecture 2. The Idea of God; Lecture 3. Philosophical Failure; Lecture 4. The Global Argument from Evil; Lecture 5. The Global Argument Continued; Lecture 6. The Local Argument from Evil; Lecture 7. The Sufferings of Beasts; Lecture 8. The Hiddenness of God; Notes; Works Cited; Index.
Naming the silences : God, medicine, and the problem of suffering
The creative suffering of God
Tears to triumph : the spiritual journey from suffering to enlightenment
Suffering and the nature of healing
African Americans and the culture of pain
Between desire and passion : Teresa de Cartagena
Following in his steps : suffering, community and christology in 1 Peter
"The sufferings of Christ are abundant in us" (2 Corinthians 1.5) : a narrative dynamics investigation of Paul's sufferings in 2 Corinthians
"Jeremy Cohen traces the Christ-killer myth from ancient times to the present day, touching on the Gospels and their roots in Hebrew Scripture, Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ, and much in between. The greatest of the church fathers, the Crusades, the notorious blood libels of the Middle Ages, the reforms of the Second Vatican Council, Christian mysticism, art, and popular piety, Passion plays, and modern film all have a place in this well-documented, illustrated volume."--BOOK JACKET.
Histories of victimhood
Suffering and evil in early Christian thought
Passion and paradise : human and divine emotion in the thought of Gregory of Nyssa
The vast amount of suffering in the world is often held as a particularly powerful reason to deny that God exists. Highly accessible and carefully argued, Peter van Inwagen's book maintains that such reasoning does not hold, and that suffering should not undermine belief in God. - ;It is generally supposed that the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering, much of it truly horrible suffering, confronts those who believe in an all-powerful and benevolent Creator with a serious problem: to explain why such a Creator would permit this. Many reflective people are convinced that the problem, the problem of evil, is insoluble. The reasons that underlie this conviction can be formulated as a powerful argument for the non-existence of God, the so-called argument from evil: If there were a God, he would not permit the existence of vast amounts of truly horrible suffering; since such suffering exists, there is no God. Peter van Inwagen examines this argument, which he regards as a paradigmatically philosophical argument. His conclusion is that (like most philosophical arguments) it is a failure. He seeks to demonstrate, not that God exists, but the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering does not show that God does not exist.
The positive psychology of meaning & spirituality : selected papers from meaning conferences
David and Goliath : underdogs, misfits, and the art of battling giants
Confessions of an antinatalist
Psychology of pain
New perspectives on the Man of Sorrows
Evil, suffering and religion
Happiness : a guide to developing life's most important skill
Teachings of the Buddha : the wisdom of the dharma, from the pali canon to the sutras
Stay : a history of suicide and the philosophies against it
The transforming God : an interpretation of suffering and evil
Worldwide, more people die by suicide than by murder, and many more are left behind to grieve. Despite distressing statistics that show suicide rates rising, the subject, long a taboo, is infrequently talked about. In this sweeping intellectual and cultural history, poet and historian Jennifer Michael Hecht channels her grief for two friends lost to suicide into a search for history's most persuasive arguments against the irretrievable act, arguments she hopes to bring back into public consciousness. From the Stoics and the Bible to Dante, Shakespeare, Wittgenstein, and such twentieth-century writers as John Berryman, Hecht recasts the narrative of our "secular age" in new terms. She shows how religious prohibitions against self-killing were replaced by the Enlightenment's insistence on the rights of the individual, even when those rights had troubling applications. This transition, she movingly argues, resulted in a profound cultural and moral loss: the loss of shared, secular, logical arguments against suicide. By examining how people in other times have found powerful reasons to stay alive when suicide seems a tempting choice, she makes a persuasive intellectual and moral case against suicide.
Sharing the same faite : the social bond between the self and fellow and sufferers in the context of peer support
Persecution, persuasion and power : readiness to withstand hardship as a corroboration of legitimacy in the New Testament
Life is a mixture of good and bad, or so they say. Trouble is, there's no way to determine where a particular life might fall along fortune's spectrum. For every child born into the lap of luxury, there's another born on the point of a knife. There are no guarantees as to what may transpire as the immediate present unfolds into the uncertain future. Things change in an instant. Two things, however, are certain. Everyone will suffer. And everyone will die. Back to where we came from. Knowing this, and understanding full well that any particular life embodies the potential for experiencing extreme pain and unhappiness unceasing in some cases is procreation really worth the risk? Jim Crawford doesn’t believe it is. In Confessions of an Antinatalist, Crawford reflects on what it means to exist in the belly of a ravening serpent-life whose only prey is itself, and whose teeth are very, very sharp. Jim Crawford writes engagingly, persuasively, and (despite the grim topic) humorously. I hope that Confessions of an Antinatalist will enjoy the wide readership it deserves. –David Benatar, author of Better Never to Have Been: The Harm of Coming into Existence Even if one loathes the idea of antinatalism on its face, the questions that Crawford raises are such that everyone would be well advised to confront, for someday they may be called upon by their offspring to answer them. And Confessions of an Antinatalist dares them to come up with answers they can stand by in good conscience. –Thomas Ligotti, author of The Conspiracy against the Human Race Jim Crawford wishes he'd never been born. If that makes him sound like a bitter, angry misanthrope, he's not (at least, not all the time). Confessions of an Antinatalist is a wry, honest, and open-eyed introduction to a philosophy most people simply refuse to consider. After all, what could be wrong with human existence? Crawford answers clearly: Everything.
The sirens of Baghdad : a novel
The discarded people : an account of African resettlement in South Africa
The suffering of God according to Martin Luther's 'Theologia crucis'
Evil : different kinds of evil in the light of a modern theodicy
The truth of suffering and the path of liberation
Providence and suffering in the Old and New Testament
The theology of suffering and death : an introduction for caregivers
The Yoga-Sūtra of Patañjali : a new translation with commentary
"What is the meaning of human suffering for society? How has this meaning changed from the past to the present? In what ways does "the problem of suffering" serve to inspire us to act with care for others? How does our response to suffering reveal the moral state of our humanity and our social condition? In this trenchant work, Arthur Kleinman--a renowned figure in medical anthropology--and Iain Wilkinson, an award-winning sociologist, team up to offer some answers to these profound questions. A Passion for Society investigates the historical development and current condition of social science with a focus on how this development has been shaped in response to problems of social suffering. Following a line of criticism offered by key social theorists and cultural commentators who themselves were unhappy with the professionalization of social science, Wilkinson and Kleinman provide a critical commentary on how studies of human social life have moved from an original concern with social suffering and its amelioration to dispassionate inquiries. The authors demonstrate how social care is revitalizing and remaking the discipline of social science, and they examine the potential for achieving social understanding though a moral commitment to the practice of care. In this deeply considered work, Wilkinson and Kleinman argue for an engaged social science that connects critical thought with social action, that seeks to learn through caregiving, and that operates with a commitment to establish and sustain humane forms of society"--Provided by publisher.
Disability and Isaiah's suffering servant
Suffering and moral responsibility
Waiting for Godot in Sarajevo : theological reflections on nihilism, tragedy and apocalypse
This book offers a theological foundation for engaging with the realities of suffering and dying. Designed particularly for practical theology students and trainee caregivers, it introduces the spiritual and theological issues raised by suffering and dying. The chapters consider: how Christian theology deals with the problem of suffering and how the Bible treats these difficult issues post-biblical interpretations of Jesus' suffering and the Cross modern instances including ecology, poverty, discrimination and war comparative religious approaches and the depiction in popular culture. Natalie Weaver relates theology to practical issues of caregiving and provides a 'toolbox' for thinking about suffering and death in a creative and supportive way.
Hell in contemporary literature : Western descent narratives since 1945
A different God : a Christian view of suffering
God's problem : how the Bible fails to answer our most important question - why we suffer
The unheeded cry : animal consciousness, animal pain and science
Suffering as identity : the Jewish paradigm
The depth of life : signs for the street of life
No mud, no lotus : the art of transforming suffering
The pathos of the real : on the aesthetics of violence in the twentieth century / Robert Buch
Pain, self, and the body
A passion for society : how we think about human suffering
God help the child : [a novel]
The victory of the cross
Facing human suffering : psychology and psychotherapy as moral engagement
Gloom : The game of inauspicious incidents & grave consequences
"The essays in this book explore the critical possibilities that have been opened by Veena Das's work. Taking off from her writing on pain as a call for acknowledgment, several essays explore how social sciences render pain, suffering, and the claims of the other as part of an ethics of responsibility. They search for disciplinary resources to contest the implicit division between those whose pain receives attention and those whose pain is seen as out of sync with the times and hence written out of the historical record. Another theme is the co-constitution of the event and the everyday, especially in the context of violence. Das's groundbreaking formulation of the everyday provides a frame for understanding how both violence and healing might grow out of it. Drawing on notions of life and voice and the struggle to write one's own narrative, the contributors provide rich ethnographies of what it is to inhabit a devastated world. Ethics as a form of attentiveness to the other, especially in the context of poverty, deprivation, and the corrosion of everyday life, appears in several of the essays. They take up the classic themes of kinship and obligation but give them entirely new meaning. Finally, anthropology's affinities with the literary are reflected in a final set of essays that show how forms of knowing in art and in anthropology are related through work with painters, performance artists, and writers"--
Suffering is an inescapable aspect of human experience, and one that raises many questions: Why do we suffer? Where is God in our suffering? Who is this God that allows us to suffer? Where is God s purpose in our suffering? While the negativity of suffering creates many quandaries, the Christian tradition has also viewed suffering in positive terms. Jesus suffering has been seen as salvific; indeed, his followers are called to take up their cross and follow him. The contributors to this volume, all distinguished Catholic theologians, confront these problems, drawing on the wisdom of the scriptures, Christian doctrine, and contemporary experience to explore the problem of suffering and its meaning for the Christian life.
"Focusing on Emily Dickinson's poem "Apparently with no surprise," Keane explores the poet's embattled relationship with the deity of her Calvinist tradition, reflecting on literature and religion, faith and skepticism, theology and science in light of continuing confrontations between Darwinism and design, science and literal conceptions of a divine Creator"--Provided by publisher.
God & human suffering : an exercise in the theology of the cross
Prophetic politics : Emmanuel Levinas and the sanctification of suffering
Can God intervene? : how religion explains natural disasters
Why, oh why, my God? : meditations on Christian faith and the meaning of life
In this book James Davies considers emotional suffering as part and parcel of what it means to live and develop as a human being, rather than as a mental health problem requiring only psychiatric, antidepressant or cognitive treatment. This book therefore offers a new perspective on emotional discontent and discusses how we can engage with it clinically, personally and socially to uncover its productive value. The Importance of Suffering explores a relational theory of understanding emotional suffering suggesting that suffering, does not spring from one dimension of our lives, but is often the outcome of how we relate to the world internally – in terms of our personal biology, habits and values, and externally – in terms of our society, culture and the world around us. Davies suggests that suffering is a healthy call-to-change and shouldn't be chemically anesthetised or avoided. The book challenges conventional thinking by arguing that if we understand and manage suffering more holistically, it can facilitate individual and social transformation in powerful and surprising ways. The Importance of Suffering offers new ways to think about, and therefore understand suffering.
Male suffering in George Eliot's Middlemarch
Wording the world : Veena Das and scenes of inheritance
Suffering belief : evil and the Anglo-American defense of theism
The passion in art
"Godhead here in hiding" : incarnation and the history of human suffering
Rosewater and soda bread : a novel
Hurt feelings : theory, research, and applications in intimate relationships
Lament : reclaiming practices in pulpit, pew, and public square
Christ killers : the Jews and the Passion from the Bible to the big screen
The art of suffering and the impact of seventeenth-century anti-providential thought
In the shadow of the banyan
[Cultures of trauma]
Humanitarianism and suffering : the mobilization of empathy
Problems of suffering in religions of the world
All quiet on the western front
The essays of Arthur Schopenhauer : studies in pessimism
Passion : contemporary painting = Pathos = sygchronë sögraphikë
From one human nature to many human conditions : an anthropological enquiry into suffering as moral experience in a disordering age
The many faces of evil : theological systems and the problems of evil
All quiet on the Western front
The suffering of the impassible God : the dialectics of patristic thought
The deeper wound : recovering the soul from fear and suffering
The hardest sermons you'll ever have to preach : help from trusted preachers for tragic times
Suffering and sentiment in Romantic military art
Moral strangers, moral acquaintance, and moral friends : connectedness and its conditions
Although disability imagery is ubiquitous in the Hebrew Bible, characters with disabilities are not. The presence of the former does not guarantee the presence of the later. While interpreters explain away disabilities in specific characters, they celebrate the rhetorical contributions that disability imagery makes to the literary artistry of biblical prose and poetry, often as a trope to describe the suffering or struggles of a presumably nondisabled person or community. This situation contributes to the appearance (or illusion) of a Hebrew Bible that uses disability as a rich literary trope while disavowing the presence of figures or characters with disabilities. Isaiah 53 provides a wonderful example of this dynamic at work. The "Suffering Servant" figure in Isaiah 53 has captured the imagination of readers since very early in the history of biblical interpretation. Most interpreters understand the servant as an otherwise able bodied person who suffers. By contrast, Jeremy Schipper's study shows that Isaiah 53 describes the servant with language and imagery typically associated with disability in the Hebrew Bible and other ancient Near Eastern literature. Informed by recent work in disability studies from across the humanities, it traces both the disappearance of the servant's disability from the interpretative history of Isaiah 53 and the scholarly creation of the able bodied suffering servant.
Learning through suffering : the educational value of suffering in the New Testament and its milieu
Beautiful suffering : photography and the traffic in pain
What shall we say? : evil, suffering, and the crisis of faith
The cleaner of Chartres
Poverty and Christianity : reflections at the interface between faith and experience
The other christs : imitating Jesus in ancient Christian ideologies of martyrdom
Passion of Christ, passion of the world : the facts, their interpretation, and their meaning yesterday and today
Distant suffering : morality, media and politics
Suffering and sin : interpretations of illness in the individual complaint Psalms
The author of 1 Peter regards Christian suffering as a necessary feature of faithful allegiance to Jesus, which precedes the full restoration and vindication of God's people. Much previous research has explored only the cause and nature of suffering; Kelly D. Liebengood now addresses the need for an explanation for the source that has generated this particular understanding. If Jesus truly is God's redemptive agent, come to restore His people, how can Christian suffering be a necessary part of discipleship after his coming, death and resurrection, and what led the author of 1 Peter to such a startling conclusion? Liebengood analyzes the appropriation of shepherds, exodus, and fiery trials imagery and argues that the author of 1 Peter is dependent upon the eschatological programme of Zechariah 9–14 for his theology of Christian suffering. This book will interest those studying the New Testament, Petrine theology and early Christianity.
Timothy Keller explores one of the most difficult questions we must answer in our lives: Why is there pain and suffering? Walking with God through Pain and Suffering is the definitive Christian book on why bad things happen and how we should respond to them. The question of why there is pain and suffering in the world has confounded every generation; yet there has not been a major book from a Christian perspective exploring why they exist for many years.
Virtually no one would deny the extent and intensity of suffering in the world. Can one also consistently hold that there is an omniscient, omnipotent, perfectly good God? This book argues that the difficult questions raised by the problem of suffering can be considered best in the context of biblical narratives.
Re-imagining North Korea in international politics : problems and alternatives
Cracks in the Earthen Vessel : an examination of the catalogues of hardships in the Corinthian correnpondence
Metatheatre : a new view of dramatic form
Dark nights of the soul : a guide to finding your way through life's ordeals
Emily Dickinson's approving God : divine design and the problem of suffering
Suffering and God
Lament, death, and destiny
Contentment and suffering : culture and experience in Toraja
Jeremiah : pain and promise
East of the mountains
The whale that fell in love with a submarine
The doors of the sea : where was God in the Tsunami?
A whole life
Job's illness : loss, grief, and integration : a psychological interpretation
The culture of pain
Wandering in darkness : narrative and the problem of suffering
"The essays in this book examine how important themes in Veena Das's work have been critically assimilated in the work of a younger generation. Looking at the relation between the event and the everyday, the essays ask how we might trace the picture of thinking in anthropology through ethnography and through artistic, literary and philosophical practice"--
The Lord is my healer : a word about healing
Walking with God through pain and suffering
The Southern passion
Narrating trauma : on the impact of collective suffering
The problem of evil
In this examination of the questions posed by the problem of evil, John Feinberg addresses the intellectual and theological framework of theodicy. Beginning with a discussion of the logical problem of evil, he interacts with leading thinkers who have previously written on these themes.
Reconstructing pain and joy : linguistic, literary and cultural perspectives
Suffering and the Christian life
Brief loves that live forever
The face on your plate : the truth about food
Where is the God of justice? : biblical perspectives on suffering
Illness and irony : on the ambiguity of suffering in culture
"Whether dealing with collective catastrophe or intimate trauma, recovering from emotional and physical hurt is hard. Kathleen O'Connor shows that although Jeremiah's emotionally wrought language can aggravate readers' memories of pain, it also documents the ways an ancient community, and the prophet personally, sought to restore their collapsed social world. Both prophet and book provide a traumatized community language to articulate disaster; move self-understanding from delusional security to identity as survivors; constitute individuals as responsible moral agents; portray God as equally afflicted by disaster; and invite a reconstruction of reality" -- Publisher description.
Divine impassibility and the mystery of human suffering
Killing Jesus : a history
The crucified God : the cross of Christ as the foundation and criticism of Christian theology
Disorienting dharma : ethics and the aesthetics of suffering in the mahābhārata
The Northern passion : (Supplement) Cambridge University ms. Gg. 1. 1, Oxford ms. Rawlinson poetry 175
Sylvia's lovers
The mark of the angel
Passional culture : emotion, religion, and society in southern Spain
