http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4628 turnover (economic phenomena)
turnover (economic phenomena)
Revenue management : expanded training seminar
Paper companies are now living on pulp
Index of turnover in industry
Pricing is about deciding your market position whereas revenue management is the strategic and tactical decisions firms take in order to optimize revenues and profits. This book offers insights into research, theories, applications and innovations and how to makes these work in different industries.
Lifetime encyclopedia of letters
Fashion merchandising : principles and practice
Intellectual capital and anticipated future sales in small and medium-sized biotechnology companies
The effect of IFRS's and Russian GAAP's revenue recognition differences on accumulation and timely allocation of profit tax in Russia : case Andritz Russia
The McGraw-Hill handbook of business letters
Business letter writer : the electronic
Readymade business letters that get results
The impact of technological and nontechnological innovations on firm growth
How to write in Spanish : correspondence made easy, from personal letters to business documents
Bottom-line business writing
Manual of business German : a comprehensive language guide
How to write better business letters
Writing business letters : how to produce day-to-day correspondence that is clear and effective
Anti-nuclear movements : a world survey of opposition to nuclear energy
Improving the existing sales model : case: Sonera Store
Business letters for all
Effective business writing
Handbook of hospitality human resources management
Written by leading academic and industry experts actively engaged in revenue management, research and teaching this is a new and original treatment of the whole field for students and professionals.
The franchise paradox : new directions, different strategies
Perfect phrases for business letters : hundreds of ready-to-use phrases for writing effective business letters, memos, e-mail, and more
A guide to English business correspondence
Business services statistics
Business letters the easy way
One red paperclip : the story of how one man changed his life one swap at a time
Hotel sales and revenue management book 2.0
Brilliant business writing : how to inspire, engage and persuade through words
Critics & crusaders : a century of American protest
Business communication
The complete handbook of model business letters
Index of turnover of construction
Financial intelligence for HR professionals : what you really need to know about the numbers
Pricing and revenue optimization
The Caterer and Hotelkeeper guide to money matters for hospitality managers
Revenue distribution through the seafood value chain
Capital budgeting valuation : financial analysis for today's investment projects
Maximizing profitability with safety culture development
Protest movements and the construction of risk
This bachelor's thesis was commissioned by Sonera, which is one of Finland's leading telecommunications companies. The purpose of this study was to find out whether the sales model of Sonera Store is consistently implemented in practice in the desired way and to offer proposals for improving the existing sales model. Furthermore, the motivational incentives of the sales agents and the role of the sales management as a motivating factor were examined.    The data for this case study research were collected by observing the sales agents in customer service and sales encounters as well as with the help of semi-structured face-to-face interviews. Combining two different qualitative data collection methods offered a deeper understanding of the researchable topics and enabled the comparison between what was said in the interviews and what was put into action in reality. The interview was carried out with ten different sales agents from three different Sonera Stores. In the observations, five sales agents were studied in thirteen different customer encounters.    The study revealed that not all steps of the sales model are implemented in the way the sales agents are instructed. The omission of certain procedures was explained mainly with the lack of motivation caused by the disbelief that implementing them would offer any additional value to the sales agents or customers, or would have any positive impact on the sales. The study pointed out that the mindset of the sales agents is desirably sales-oriented and that the hindering sticking points are mostly explained by technical and other matters over which the sales agents have no control. In addition, it was found out that motivational factors are experienced very differently. In general, however, the study showed that the most improvement possibilities are in the current bonus model and sales training.    The findings of this study indicate that the sales model is not fully implemented in the intended way and that there is room for improvement in the incentive system and sales training. Implementing these and other improvement suggestions presented in the thesis is believed to have an enhancing effect on the motivation and overall performance of the sales agents. Notably more research should be carried out in other Sonera Stores of Finland in order to gain a more reliable understanding of the topic. Furthermore, the viewpoint of the customers and the sales management is left out, which calls for further research in the future.    Key words: sales, sales model, personal selling, sales management, customer service, employee motivation, case study.
Business letters for busy people : more than 130 time-saving, ready-to-use business letters for any occasion
e-mail @nd business letter writing : a best-practice approach
What are the potential effects of turnaways, and how to anticipate such effects
Structural business and financial statement statistics
Direct copyright revenue streams in creative industries in Finland : an evaluation
Seeing green : the politics of ecology explained
Write first-class business correspondence
Revenue management : a path to increased profits
Predictable revenue : turn your business into a sales machine with the $100 million best practices of Salesforce.com
Do mergers and acquisitions affect the competition situation? : evidence from Finland
Business letters that work
As an HR manager, you're expected to use financial data to make decisions, allocate resources, and budget expenses. This guide provides you with an understanding of the basics of financial management and measurement.
Revenue management : maximizing revenue in hospitality operations
Ethics and business : an introduction
Write in English
How to write reports and proposals
A common problem in the hospitality industry, perishable products and services, has led hoteliers to seek for new strategies in their pricing. Revenue management is a relatively new science that mixes together different revenue optimizing strategies. Dynamic pricing, a part of revenue management, is a familiar concept in the hotel industry and was presented to buyers about a decade ago. Dynamic pricing is already in use with the published daily rates of hotels, and increasingly with corporate clients. In dynamic pricing, the daily rate follows the demand and it is controlled by a revenue manager or sophisticated automated systems. There are buyers who perceive dynamic pricing as a positive value and others who perceive it as a negative value to their business. The question is how hotels can successfully implement a communication strategy that increases their customers' acceptance towards dynamic pricing.     The purpose of this thesis is to determine the reasons behind the negative perceptions of the corporate customers who rather use static accommodation agreements than agreements based on dynamic pricing. The thesis focuses on buyers who use accommodation services in Norway. This study tries to understand what corporate customers think about the dynamic pricing and how much they know about the topic.     Literature about revenue management and dynamic pricing is scarce. For this reason, the qualitative research method was chosen to support and strengthen the secondary data. The primary data was gathered by interviewing companies in English or Norwegian. The interviews were high-structured, because the author wanted to penetrate the research problem and to find certain patterns in the research sample. The companies were interviewed face-to-face, on telephone or by email.     The results revealed that the buyers are not familiar with dynamic pricing and do not see how they could benefit from it. In general, the customers wanted to continue to use the static corporate agreements and not dynamic pricing. The information they have received from the hotels was mostly in the form of price examples that did not suit their travel profile. Further information and open communication were wished from the suppliers' side. Dynamic pricing was also seen as harmful for the customer relations, even though modern revenue management should be customer-oriented. The companies acknowledged that dynamic pricing is here to stay and they were willing to test it in the form of hybrid agreements if their key destina-tions were not involved.
Factors affecting to managerial success of an inter-organizational strategic relationship : empirical evidence from buyer-supplier relationships in Finnish technology industry
Ernst & Young : VAT in Europe
Communes and the green vision : counterculture, lifestyle and the New Age
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
Revenue management for hospitality and tourism
Analysis of corporate social responsibility (CSR) performance and financial performance of selected mining companies
Turnover estimate of large enterprises
The business writer's handbook
The AMA handbook of business letters
Turnover of trade
Russian commercial correspondence : (for english-speaking students) = Russkaâ kommerčeskaâ korrespondenciâ : (dlâ govorâŝih na anglijskom âzyke)
Powerful proposals : how to give your business the winning edge
Persuasive business writing : achieve results and raise your profile with better business communication
Business Writing
Revenue engine : why revenue performance management is the next frontier of competitive advantage
Financial accounting : a user perspective
A handbook of commercial correspondence
Brilliant business writing : how to inspire, engaga and persuade through words
Developing inventory & food cost control in restaurant business : case: Havelli
Global migration patterns : migration pressure increasing towards developing countries
Summary.
Cost accounting : a managerial emphasis
Business communication in Finnish foreign trade
Revenue management : a practical pricing perspective
Quickbooks for the restaurant
Writing great business letters in a week
How to price : a guide to pricing techniques and yield management
Abstract: An entrepreneur's personality and its impact on the firm's growth : an analysis through the Big Five theory.
Oil Discovery in Ghana : A blessing or a curse?
Profit sharing and unemployment : an approach eith bargaining and efficiency-wage effects
Business communication. Teacher's guide
Does marginal cost pricing of public sector information spur firm growth?
Dynamic pricing agreements of Norwegian hotels from the corporate accounts perspective
Business letter writing
Write that letter!
Profit sharing and unemployment : an approach with bargaining and efficiency wage effects
Russian commercial correspondence : (for English-speaking students) = Russkaja kommerčeskaja korrespondencija : (dlja govorjaščih na anglijskom jazyke)
