http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4625 Bronze Age
Bronze Age
Cypriot bronzework in the Mycenaean world
The bronze age of Southeast Asia
Bronze Age metalwork in Northern England c. 1000 to 700 B.C
Sarepta II : the late bronze and iron age periods of area II, X : the University Museum of the University of Pennsylvania excavations at Sarafand, Lebanon
Anatolia. 1, From the beginnings to the end of the 2nd millennium B. C.
Megiddo V : the 2004-2008 seasons. Vol. 2
The Bronze Age
Megiddo V : the 2004-2008 seasons. Vol. 1
Mensch und Umwelt in der Bronzezeit Europas = Man and environment in European Bronze Age
An essay on copper flat axes
The discovery of the Greek Bronze Age
Spiral decoration in Early Bronze Age Scandinavia : a technical and qualitative analysis and study of production
The archaeology of Skedemosse. 1, The excavations and the finds of an Öland Fen, Sweden
The archaeology of Skedemosse. 2, The votive deposits in the Skedemosse Fen and their relation to the Iron-Age settlement on Öland, Sweden
What happened in history
Gods and warriors
Archaeological textiles newsletter : numbers 1-10
The Georgians
A turning of ages = Im Wandel der Zeiten : jubilee book dedicated to professor Jan Machnik on his 70th anniversary
From hunter to farmer in northern Europe : migration and adaptation during the Neolithic and Bronze Age
Social and religious change in Bronze Age Denmark
Tor : tidskrift för arkeologi = journal of archaeology. Vol. 30, 1998-1999
The burning shadow
Social networks and regional identity in Bronze Age Italy
Dating in the Bronze Age : with special reference to Scandinavia
European societies in the Bronze Age
Weapons, weaponry and man : (in memoriam Vytautas Kazakevičius)
King Arthur's place in prehistory : the great age of Stonehenge
Copper and tin : the distribution of mineral resources and nature of the metals trade in the bronze age
The mound people : Danish bronze-age man preserved
Ancient metallurgy in the USSR : the early metal age
Drevnejšie ètapy gornogo dela i metallurgii v Severnoj Evrazii: Kargalinskij kompleks : materialy simpoziuma = Earliest stages of mining and metallurgy in Northern part of Eurasia: Kargaly complex : proceedings of symposium
Bronsåldersforskning - kring aktuella projekt = Bronze age research - some actual works
Bronze age cultures in central and eastern Europe
Egypt and the Near East - the Crossroads : Proceedings of an International Conference on the Relations of Egypt and the Near East in the Bronze Age, Prague, September 1-3, 2010
Enclosed space - open society : contact and exchange in the context of Bronze Age fortified settlements in Central Europe
The Bronze Age in Europe : an introduction to the prehistory of Europe c. 2000-700 BC
The Bronze Age in the Severn Estuary
Wondrous realms of the Aegean
Asine and the Argolid in the Late Helladic III period : a socio-economic study
The Aegean, Anatolia and Europe : cultural interrelations in the second millenium B. C.
Latium Vetus in the bronze age and early iron age = Il Latium Vetus nell'età del bronzo e nella prima età del ferro
Diplomacy by design : luxury arts and an "international style" in the ancient Near East, 1400-1200 BCE
Metalwork of the Bronze Age in India
Velika Gruda. 2, Die bronzezeitliche Nekropole Velika Gruda (Opš. Kotor, Montenegro) : Fundgruppen der mittleren und späten Bronzezeit zwischen Adria und Donau = The Bronze Age necropolis Velika Gruda (Opš. Kotor, Montenegro) : middle and late Bronze Age groups between Adriatic and Danube
Salt production and social hierarchy in ancient China : an archaeological investigation of specialization in China's Three Gorges
The Bronze Age and the Celtic World
Mounds of majesty : monuments and artifacts from the early Bronze Age in Rogaland
Sūkās. 9, The Chalcolithic and Early Bronze Age periods
Windows on the Japanese past : studies in archaeology and prehistory
Slovensko v dobe bronzovej = Slovakia in the Bronze age = Die Slowakei in der Bronzezeit
Warfare in the late bronze age of North Europe
At the origins of the culture of the Balts : dedicated to the 60th birthday of prof. habil dr. Algirdas Girininkas
In 1177 B.C., marauding groups known only as the "Sea Peoples" invaded Egypt. The pharaoh's army and navy managed to defeat them, but the victory so weakened Egypt that it soon slid into decline, as did most of the surrounding civilizations. After centuries of brilliance, the civilized world of the Bronze Age came to an abrupt and cataclysmic end. Kingdoms fell like dominoes over the course of just a few decades. No more Minoans or Mycenaeans. No more Trojans, Hittites, or Babylonians. The thriving economy and cultures of the late second millennium B.C., which had stretched from Greece to Egypt and Mesopotamia, suddenly ceased to exist, along with writing systems, technology, and monumental architecture. But the Sea Peoples alone could not have caused such widespread breakdown. How did it happen?In this major new account of the causes of this "First Dark Ages," Eric Cline tells the gripping story of how the end was brought about by multiple interconnected failures, ranging from invasion and revolt to earthquakes, drought, and the cutting of international trade routes. Bringing to life the vibrant multicultural world of these great civilizations, he draws a sweeping panorama of the empires and globalized peoples of the Late Bronze Age and shows that it was their very interdependence that hastened their dramatic collapse and ushered in a dark age that lasted centuries. A compelling combination of narrative and the latest scholarship, 1177 B.C. sheds new light on the complex ties that gave rise to, and ultimately destroyed, the flourishing civilizations of the Late Bronze Age--and that set the stage for the emergence of classical Greece.
The archaeology of value : essays on prestige and the processes of valuation
Bronze Age cultures in France : The Later Phases from the Thirteenth to the Seventh Century B. C.
Archaeology and the emergence of Greece : collected papers on early Greece and related topics (1965-2002)
"After more than a century of research, an enormous body of scientific literature in the field of El Argar studies has been generated, comprising some 700 bibliographic items. No fully-updated synthesis of the literature is available at the moment; recent works deal only with specific characteristics of Argaric societies or some of the regions where their influence spread. The Archaeology of Bronze Age Iberia offers a much-needed, comprehensive overview of Argaric Bronze Age societies, based on state-of-the-art research. In addition to expounding on recent insights in such areas as Argaric origin and expansion, social practices, and socio-politics, the book offers reflections on current issues in the field, from questions concerning the genealogy of discourses on the subject, to matters related to professional practices. The book discusses the values and interests guiding the evolution of El Argar studies, while critically reexamining its history. Scholars and researchers in the fields of Prehistory and Archaeology will find this volume highly useful"--
Early ships and seafaring : European water transport
The axes of Scotland and Northern England
Rock art : "axe and ear" : petroglyphs and other cultural remains from the Younger Bronze Age i Rogaland
Tracing prehistoric social networks through technology : a diachronic perspective on the Aegean
Britain B.C. : life in Britain and Ireland before the romans
Tor : tidskrift för arkeologi = journal of archaeology. Vol. 29, 1997
The Late Bronze Age daggers of the Aegean I : the Greek mainland
Bronze Age studies : transactions of the British-Scandinavian Colloquium in Stockholm, May 10-11, 1985
The hoards of the Irish Later Bronze Age
Ritual in Early Bronze Age grave goods : an examination of ritual and dress equipment from Chalcolithic and Early Bronze Age graves in England
"This book takes an innovative approach to detecting regional groupings in peninsular Italy during the Late Bronze Age, a notoriously murky period of Italian prehistory. Applying social network analysis to the distributions of imports and other distinctive objects, Emma Blake reveals previously unrecognized exchange networks that are in some cases the precursors of the named peoples of the first millennium BC: the Etruscans, the Veneti, and others. In a series of regional case studies, she uses quantitative methods to both reconstruct and analyze the character of these early networks and posits that, through path dependence, the initial structure of the networks played a role in the success or failure of the groups occupying those same regions in later times. This book thus bridges the divide between Italian prehistory and the Classical period, and demonstrates that Italy's regionalism began far earlier than previously thought"--
The socketed Bronze Axes in Ireland
Re-assessing the Bronze Age of coastal Northern Ostrobothnia - the lower Oulujoki river valley
The eye of the falcon
Lake Dwellings after Robert Munro : Proceedings from the Munro International Seminar: The Lake Dwellings of Europe 22nd and 23rd October 2010, University of Edinburgh
Dan I : a chronicle of the excavations, the Pottery Neolithic, the Early Bronze Age and the Middle Bronze Age Tombs
The daggers and the halberds of the Early Bronze Age in Ireland
The Middle Cypriote bronze age
The Great Bronze Age of China : a symposium
Prehistoric peoples : discover the anciet world of the first human beings
Coastal communities on the move : house and polity interaction in Southern Ostrobothnia 1500 BC-AD 1
Representations and communications : creating an archaeological matrix of late prehistoric rock art
Arktisk og nordisk i bronsealderen i Nordskandinavia = Nordic and arctic in the Bronze Age of Northern Scandinavia
Studies on the arts and crafts of the late Cypriote bronze age
The Bronze Age metalwork in Southern Sweden : aspects of social and spatial organization 1800-500 B. C.
The Middle Cypriot bronze age
Gwent county history. Vol. 1, Gwent in prehistory and early history
Bronze Age landscape and society in Southern Epirus, Greece
Exchange networks and local transformations : interaction and local change in Europe and the Mediterranean from the Bronze Age to the Iron Age
The mummies of Ürümchi
Gods and heroes of the European Bronze Age
Hunting in northern Europe until 1500 AD : old traditions and regional developments, continental sources and continental influences : papers presented at a workshop organized by the Centre for Baltic and Scandinavian Archaeology (ZBSA), Schleswig, June 16th and 17th, 2011
Transition from the neolithic to the bronze age : dating the beginning of the bronze age and the early metal period in Finland
The secret of Crete
The article considers the light shed on ancient religion by comparative linguistics and the analysis of visual images. Its starting point is the Bronze Age 'Sun Chariot' from Trundholm in Denmark, which is considered in both Flemming Kaul's book Ships on Bronzes and Martin West's Indo-European Poetry and Myth . The ideas of these two writers are discussed in conncection with the evidence of prehistoric rock carvings in South Scandinavia. The article considers how such places were used and draws attention to the distinctive practice of depicting pairs of footprints in this medium. The footprints may mark the positions of people engaged in rituals at these sites, for in many cases the drawings are oriented towards the solstices. Perhaps these events were observed from the decorated outcrops. Although the field evidence is limited, it supports the idea of a solar cosmology postulated by Kaul and West.
The Bronze Age in Europe : gods, heroes and treasures
Common knowledge about Chinese History = Zhongguo lishi changshi
Picturing the Bronze Age
The dark age of Greece : an archaeological survey of the eleventh to the eighth centuries BC
Rock art and seascapes in Uppland
The horse and the sword
Copper production and divine protection: archaelogy, ideology, and social complexity on Bronze Age Cyprus
Sūkās. 10, The Bronze and Early Iron Age remains at the Southern Harbour
Corpus of Cypriot artefacts of the early Bronze Age. Pt. 3:1
Pervobytnoe iskusstvo : pamâtniki drevnego tvorčestva v sobranii Gos. Istoričeskogo muzeâ : Monuments of Prehistoric Creative Art in the State History Museum = Primitive art
This volume presents and analyses a catalogue of all 232 sites of the Bronze and Early Iron Ages in Latium vetus for which the location is known with certainty, including settlements, tombs, hoards and ritual loci. The catalogue is supported with an investigation of landscape chracter and changes. GIS and statistical techniques are used to identify tendencies and trends over time in the location of settlements, and the catalogued sites are submitted to a functional analysis on the basis of the availability of natural harbours, minerals and land with agricultural potential. The findings are interpreted in a substantial synthesis in English, which puts forward a model for the growth of social stratification in Bronze Age Latium Vetus, and the factors which contributed.
The menial art of cooking : archaeological studies of cooking and food preparation
Kivik archaeology & iconography
Midsummer and Midwinter in the Rock Carvings of South Scandinavia
Myth becomes history : pre-classical Greece
Ariadne's threads : connections between Crete and the Greek mainland in Late Minoan III (LM IIIA2 to LM IIIC) : proceedings of the International workshop held at Athens, Scuola archeologica italiana, 5-6 April 2003
Chinese bronze age weapons
The axes of the Early Bronze Age in Ireland
Bronze age cultures in Central and Eastern Europe
The Oxford handbook of the European Bronze Age
The lost empire of Atlantis : history's greatest mystery revealed
The Early Bronze 2 in the Aegean
A history of ancient Britain
Greece and the Aegean islands in the Middle Bronze Age
Clay in the age of Bronze : essays in the archaeology of prehistoric creativity
Pastoralist landscapes and social interaction in bronze age Eurasia
Living on the fringe : the archaeology and history of the Negev, Sinai and neighbouring regions in the bronze and iron age
The Bronze Age Round Barrow in Britain
Villagers of the Maros : a portrait of an early Bronze Age society
The Early and Middle Bronze Age spearheads of Britain
The archaeology of Bronze Age Iberia : Argaric societies
Flint in focus : lithic biographies in the Neolithic and Bronze Age
Artifacts of copper and copper alloys in prehistoric Bohemia from the viewpoint of analyses of element composition II
1177 B.C. : the year civilization collapsed
Sahranjivanje u bronzano i gvozdeno doba : simpozijum, Č̌ačak, 4-8. Septembar 2002 = Burial customs in the Bronze and Iron Age : Symposium, Č̌ačak, 4-8. September 2002
Prehistoric peoples : discover the long-ago world of the first humans
Early Finnish art : from prehistory to the Middle Ages
The middle Bronze Age IIA cemetery at Gesher : final report
Gods and heroes of the Bronze Age : Europe at the time of Ulysses : 25th Council of Europe Art Exhibition
Celts on the margin : studies in European cultural interaction : 7th century BC - 1st century AD : dedicated to Zenon Wozniak
Problems of the late Cypriote Bronze Age
"This book examines the organization of specialized salt production at Zhongba, one of the most important prehistoric sites in the Three Gorges of China's Yangzi River valley. Rowan K. Flad demonstrates that salt production emerged in the second millennium BCE and developed into a large-scale, intense activity. As the intensity of this activity increased during the early Bronze Age, production became more coordinated, perhaps by an emergent elite who appear to have supported their position of authority by means of divination and the control of ritual knowledge. This study explores evidence of these changes in ceramics, the layout of space at the site, and animal remains. It synthesizes the data retrieved from years of excavation, showing not only the evolution of production methods, but also the emergence of social hierarchy in the Three Gorges region over two millennia"--Provided by publisher.
The dirks and rapiers of Great Britain and Ireland
Myrtos : an early bronze age settlement in Crete
Hallunda : a study of pottery from a late Bronze Age settlement in central Sweden
Absolutno datiranje bronaste in źelezne dobe na Slovenskem = Absolute dating of the Bronze and Iron Ages in Slovenia
Joan du Plat Taylor's excavations at the Late Bronze Age mining settlement at Apliki Karamallos, Cyprus
Elevated rock art : towards a maritime understanding of bronze age rock art in Northern Bohuslän, Sweden
Stone ship settings of Northern European Bronze Age
Script and seal use on Cyprus in the Bronze and Iron Ages
European Bronze Age monuments : a multilingual-glossary of archaeological terminology : a pilot project covering Denmark, France, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom = Monuments de l'age du bronze européen : glossaire multilingue des termes archéologiques
From the silent earth : a report on the Greek bronze age
Europe before Rome : a site-by-site tour of the Stone, Bronze, and Iron Ages
In the landscape and between worlds : Bronze Age deposition sites around lakes Mälaren and Hjälmaren in Sweden
Bronze age white painted I ware in Cyprus : a reinvestigation
Mojsinje : a bronze and iron age mound necropolis
The Bronze Age Site at Mårtenfäboda in Nysätra and the settlement context of the cairns on the coast of North Sweden
Egyptian iconography on Syro-Palestinian cylinder seals of the Middle Bronze Age
Amorites and Canaanites
The exotic and impressive grave goods from burials of the Wessex Culture in Early Bronze Age Britain are well known and have inspired influential social and economic hypotheses, invoking the former existence of chiefs, warriors and merchants and high-ranking pastoralists. Alternative theories have sought to explain how display of such objects was related to religious and ritual activity rather than to economic status, and that groups of artefacts found in certain graves may have belonged to religious specialists. This volume is the result of a major research project that aimed to investigate Chalcolithic and Early Bronze Age grave goods in relation to their possible use as special dress accessories or as equipment employed within ritual activities and ceremonies. Many items of adornment can be shown to have formed elements of elaborate costumes, probably worn by individuals, both male and female, who held important ritual roles within society. Furthermore, the analysis has shown that various categories of object long interpreted as mundane types of tool were in fact items of bodily adornment or implements used in ritual contexts, or in the special embellishment of the human body.
Copper and bronze working in Early through Middle Bronze Age Cyprus
The Ringlemere Cup : precious cups and the beginning of the Channel Bronze Age
The Swords of Britain
Bronze age oak-coffin graves : archaeology & dendro-dating
The outsiders
Transition from the Neolithic to the Bronze Age : dating the beginning of the Bronze Age and the Early Metal Period in Finland
Drevnosti Prikam’â = The antiquities of the Kama River region
KE-RA-ME-JA : studies presented to Cynthia W. Shelmerdine
Anthropogenic Pressure in the Neolithic and the Bronze Age on the Central European Lowlands
Textiles from Hallstatt : weaving culture in Bronze Age and Iron Age salt mines = Textilien Aus Hallstatt : Gewebte Kultur aus dem bronze- und eisenzeitlichen Salzbergwerk
Comparative ethnographical studies. 4, The Copper and Bronze Ages in South America
The Bronze Age in Korea : a historical arhaeological outline
The rise and fall of the classical world : 2500 BC-600 AD
Late Bronze Age settlement in Cyprus : function and relationship
Costumes of the bronze age in Denmark : contributions to the archaelology and textile-history of the bronze age
Cape Gelidonya: a bronze age shipwreck
THE GREAT BRONZE AGE OF CHINA
A civilization in the making : a contextual study of Early Bronze Age corridor buildings in the Aegean
Communication in Bronze Age Europe : transactions of the Bronze Age Symposium in Tanumstrand, Bohuslän, Sweden, September 7-5, 1995
Panorama of world art : Prehistoric european ..
A Middle Helladic village : Asine in the Argolid
Bronze Age metalworking in the Netherlands (c. 2000-800 BC) : a research into the preservation of metallurgy related artefacts and the social position of the smith
The rise of Bronze Age society : travels, transmissions and transformations
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Life and death in the bronze age : an archeologist's field-work
The prehistory of Denmark : from the Stone Age to the vikings
Ban Chiang : discovery of a lost bronze age
Opus : meždisciplinarnye issledovaniâ v arheologii = Opus : interdisciplinary investigation in archaeology. Vyp. = Vol. 4
Megiddo V : the 2004-2008 seasons. Vol. 3
The Bronze Age in Ireland
Velika Gruda. 1, Hügelgräber des frühen 3. Jahrtausends v. Chr. im Adriagebiet : Velika Gruda, Mala Gruda und ihr Kontext = Tumulus burials of the early 3rd Millenium BC in the Adriatic : Velika Gruda, Mala Gruda and their context
