http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4634 cultural psychology
cultural psychology
Cultural-historical psychology: three levels of analysis
Cultural psychology : a perspective on psychological functioning and social reform
Cultural diversity, mental health and psychiatry : the struggle against racism
Cross-cultural psychology : contemporary themes and perspectives
Constructing patriotism : teaching history and memories in global worlds
The psychology of the Internet
Psychological selection and optimal experience across cultures : social empowerment through personal growth
Why do men barbecue? : recipes for cultural psychology
Cross-cultural psychology : research and applications
Handbook of cultural health psychology
Transformative learning in practice : insights from community, workplace, and higher education
Introduction to computational cultural psychology
Mind, modernity, madness : the impact of culture on human experience
The Middle East : a cultural psychology
The handbook of culture & psychology
Organizational behavior
Popular stories and promised lands : fan cultures and symbolic pilgrimages
"In recent years China has witnessed unprecedented economic growth, emerging as a powerful, influential player on the global stage. Now, more than ever, there is a great interest and need within the West to better understand the psychological and social processes that characterize Chinese people. The Oxford Handbook of Chinese Psychology is the first book of its kind-- a comprehensive and commanding review of Chinese psychology, covering areas of human functioning with unparalleled sophistication and complexity. In 42 chapters, leading authorities cite and integrate both English and Chinese-language research in topic areas ranging from the socialization of children, mathematics achievement, emotion, bilingualism, and Chinese styles of thinking to Chinese identity, personal relationships, leadership processes, and psychopathology. With all chapters accessibly written by the leading researchers in their respective fields, the reader of this volume will learn how and why China has developed in the way it has, and how it is likely to develop. In addition, the book shows how a better understanding of a culture so different to our own can tell us so much about our own culture and sense of identity. A book of extraordinary breadth, the Oxford Handbook of Chinese Psychology will become the essential sourcebook for any scholar or practitioner attempting to understand the psychological functioning of the world's largest ethnic group"--Provided by publisher.
Nations without nationalism
Culture and well-being : the collected works of Ed Diener
"Twins Talk is an ethnographic study of identical twins in the United States, a study unique in that it considers what twins have to say about themselves, instead of what researchers have written about them. It presents, in the first person, the grounded and practical experiences of twins as they engage, both individually and together, the "who am I" and "who are we" questions of life. Here, the twins themselves are the stars. Dona Lee Davis conducted conversational interviews with twenty-two sets of identical twins attending the Twins Days Festival in Twinsburg, Ohio, the largest such gathering in the world. Lively and often opinionated, each twin comes through as a whole person who at the same time maintains a special bond that the vast majority of people will never experience. The study provides a distinctive and enlightening insider's challenge to the nature/nurture debates that dominate contemporary research on twins. The author, herself an identical twin, draws on aspects of her own life to inform her analysis of the data throughout the text. Each chapter addresses a different theme from multiple viewpoints, including those of popular science writers, scientific researchers, and singletons, as well as those of the twins themselves"--
Living moments in family meetings : a process study in the family business context
The intimate enemy : loss and recovery of self under colonialism
Family, self, and human development across cultures : theory and applications
Self and identity through the life course in cross-cultural perspective
The Oxford handbook of Chinese psychology
Early social cognition in three cultural contexts
Challenging subjects : critical psychology for a new millennium
Cultural psychology : essays on comparative human development
Culture : a problem that cannot be solved
Behavioural regulation, mental toughness, and achievement goals : a cross-cultural comparison between Singaporean and Finnish youth athletes
An invitation to cultural psychology
Handbook of multicultural perspectives on stress and coping
Perspectives on human development, family and culture
The Cultural psychology of self : place, morality and art in human worlds
The cultural animal : human nature, meaning, and social life
Christianity and African traditional religion : two realities of a different kind
The dogma of Christ : and other essays on religion, psychology and culture
Modern romance
The Oxford handbook of culture and psychology
Qualitative strategies for ethnocultural research
The cultural dialectics of knowledge and desire
Clinical neuropsychology : a pocket handbook for assessment
Consumer culture, identity and well-being : the search for the "good life" and the "body perfect"
Children's engagement in the world : sociocultural perspectives
Long considered the standard for all organizational behavior textbooks, this text provides the research you want, in the language your students understand. This text continues its tradition of making current, relevant research come alive for students. This edition has been thoroughly updated to reflect the most current recent research for Organizational Behavior, while maintaining its hallmark features -clear writing style, cutting-edge content, and engaging pedagogy. This text is commited to provide the kind of engaging, cutting-edge material that helps students understand and connect with organizational behavior.
Beyond human nature : how culture and experience shape our lives
"Do people from different backgrounds experience basic psychological processes in the same way? Are there basic psychological principles that transcend culture? The articles in this volume, drawn from an experienced, international team of researchers and teachers, answer these questions and many others in order to situate the essential areas of psychology within a cultural perspective. Arranged thematically, this collection explores the relationship of culture to psychological phenomena. It covers foundational information about introductory and research topics, as well as more advanced clinical and social principles and applications. Packed with research findings and real-world examples, Cross-Cultural Psychology: Contemporary Themes and Perspectives discusses the importance of considering issues such as ethnocentrism, diversity, gender and sexuality in psychology and their impact on research methods"--
Culture and group processes
The psychology of culture : a course of lectures
Culture and mental health : sociocultural influences, theory, and practice
Culture and psychology
"How is the memory of traumatic events, such as genocide and torture, inscribed within human bodies? In this book, Paul Connerton discusses social and cultural memory by looking at the role of mourning in the production of histories and the reticence of silence across many different cultures. In particular he looks at how memory is conveyed in gesture, bodily posture, speech and the senses - and how bodily memory, in turn, becomes manifested in cultural objects such as tattoos, letters, buildings and public spaces. It is argued that memory is more cultural and collective than it is individual. This book will appeal to researchers and students in anthropology, linguistic anthropology, sociology, social psychology and philosophy"
Cultivating minds : identity as meaning-making practice
Acts of meaning
Children's sense of agency : a co-participatory investigation
Gender and culture in psychology : theories and practices
Trust and distrust : sociocultural perspectives
New horizons in multicultural counseling
Art and human development
Culture in psychology
Cross-Cultural Psychology is a leading textbook offering senior undergraduate and graduate students a thorough and balanced overview of the whole field of cross-cultural psychology. The team of internationally acclaimed authors present the latest empirical research, theory, methodology and applications from around the world. They discuss all domains of behavior (including development, social behavior, personality, cognition, psycholinguistics, emotion and perception), and present the three main approaches in cross-cultural psychology (cultural, culture-comparative, and indigenous traditions) as well as applications to a number of domains (including acculturation, intercultural relations and communication, work and health). With new additions to the writing team, the third edition benefits from an even broader range of cross-cultural perspectives. Now in 2-colour, the format is even more reader-friendly and the features include chapter outlines, chapter summaries, further reading and an updated glossary of key terms. This edition also offers an accompanying website containing additional material and weblinks.
Culture and personality
A cultural psychology of music education
Human beings are adapted for group living. Groups have a wide range of adaptive functions for individuals, including both material benefits of mutual aid and collective action, and subjective psychological benefits of affiliation and social identity. Recent development of cultural psychology, however, has uncovered that culture plays crucial roles in group processes: patterns of group behavior and underlying psychological processes are shaped within specific cultural contexts, and cultures emerge in group-based interactions. Culture and Group Processes, the inaugural volume of the Frontiers of Culture and Psychology series, is the first edited book on this rapidly emerging research topic. The eleven chapters included in this volume, all authored by distinguished scientists in the field, reveal the role of culture in group perceptions, social identity, group dynamics, identity negotiation, teamwork, intergroup relations, and intergroup communication, as well as the joint effect of cultural and group processes in interpersonal trust and creativity.
Litter : the remains of our culture
Macro cultural psychology : a political philosophy of mind
Estonia's transition to the EU : twenty years on
Developmentalism in early childhood and middle grades education : critical conversations on readiness and responsiveness
Discovering cultural psychology : a profile and selected readings of Ernest E. Boesch
The psychology of cultural experience
This exciting new version of the classic text, Social Cognition , describes the increasingly complete link between neuroscience and culture. Highlighting the cutting-edge research in social neuropsychology, mainstream experimental social-cognitive psychology, and cultural psychology, it retains the authors' unique ability to be both scholarly and entertaining. Reader-friendly style and concise summaries combine with the authors' engaging perspectives on this flourishing field. Comprehensive without being overwhelming, this new standard for the field brings with it a new organization reflecting current consensus open issues of the field, and its trajectory into the future.
Cultural issues in psychology : a student's handbook
Cultural psychology : a once and future discipline
Production of culture/cultures of production
Emotion and culture : empirical studies of mutual influence
Bridging cultural and developmental approaches to psychology : new syntheses in theory, research, and policy
Bartlett, culture and cognition
Thinking through material culture : an interdisciplinary perspective
Twins talk : what twins tell us about person, self, and society
Textbook of cultural psychiatry
Human psychology is deeply rooted in the culture in which people live. Introduction to Computational Cultural Psychology introduces a revolutionary approach for studying cultural psychology. Drawing on novel computational tools and in-depth case studies, Professor Yair Neuman offers thought-provoking answers to questions such as: how are thought and language deeply related? How can computers help us to understand different cultures? How can computers assist military intelligence in identifying vengeful intentions? And how is our concept of 'love' rooted in our basic embodied experience? Written by a leading interdisciplinary researcher this book is a 'tour-de-force' which will be of interest to a variety of researchers, students and practitioners in psychology as well as an interdisciplinary audience with an interest in the intricate web weaved between the human psyche and its cultural context. -- Provided by publisher.
Social psychology of culture
Has the developing world developed modern concepts of stress? Are coping methods the same around the globe? Such questions are not simple to answer, and until recently, few knew to ask them. In recent years, Western psychologists have recognized that their prevailing views of psychology do not always translate worldwide, and that no culture has a monopoly on either stress or coping. "The Handbook of Multicultural Perspectives on Stress and Coping" was created to address this realization. This unique volume moves beyond simple comparisons of behaviors in other countries by clarifying critical concepts in stress and coping, analyzing and synthesizing vast amounts of global data, and identifying constructs and methodologies necessary for meaningful cross-cultural research. An international, multiethnic panel of forty-five contributors presents elegant studies of stress, survival, and resilience as cultures evolve and countries interact, including: personal transformation as a coping strategy; psychological skills that enhance intercultural adjustment; individual versus collectivist values in coping; and Buddhist and Taoist traditions in coping. It provides details about the cumulative effects of historical, environmental, and political stressors on nations in the Middle East - Specific cross-cultural perspectives, from Latino-American families to Canadian aboriginal peoples to minority university students. The editors have assembled a vital store of knowledge, raising crucial implications for clinicians working with immigrant/international populations, and evaluating the current state of theory, research, and assessment. The Handbook documents major steps toward scientific advancement, and human understanding.
Transitions across schools and cultures
Is Oedipus online? : siting Freud after Freud
In search of self in India and Japan : toward a cross-cultural psychology
Psychology and primitive culture
The acclaimed comedian teams up with a New York University sociologist to explore the nature of modern relationships, evaluating how technology is shaping contemporary relationships and considering the differences between courtships of the past and present.
Elements of culture and mental health : critical questions for clinicians
The Oxford Handbook of Culture and Psychology is an internationally representative overview of the state of the art in cultural psychology. Cultural psychology focuses on the ways in which our lives are made meaningful through the use of cultural tools and personal meanings.
The cultural origins of human cognition
Cultural psychology
Theories of society : foundations of modern sociological theory. Vol. 2
International handbook of psychology
The nature of cultures : a blueprint for a theory of culture genetics
Race, culture, and counselling
Psychology in perspective
Handbook of cultural psychology
Deep China : the moral life of the person : what anthropology and psychiatry tell us about China today
Leadership in symphony orchestras : discursive and aesthetic practices
Elements of visual design in the landscape
Perspectives on activity theory
Rethinking language, mind, and world dialogically : interactional and contextual theories of human sense-making
In the culminating volume of her nationalism trilogy, Greenfeld argues that we have overlooked the connection between egalitarian society and mental illness. Modern nationalism rests on principles of popular sovereignty, equality, and secularism. Citizens of the twenty-first century enjoy unprecedented freedom to become the authors of their personal destinies. Empowering as this is, it also places them under enormous psychic strain. They must constantly appraise their identities, manage their desires, and calibrate their place within society. For vulnerable individuals, this pressure is too much. Training her analytic eye on extensive case histories in manic depression and schizophrenia, Greenfeld contends that these illnesses are dysfunctions of selfhood caused by society's overburdening demands for self-realization. In her rigorous diagnosis, madness is a culturally constituted malady.
Social cognition : from brains to culture
Multiculturalism as a fourth force
Text, play, and story : the construction and reconstruction of self and society
"Intended for researchers and advanced students in both human development and the arts, this book will also serve as a textbook for advanced courses on psychology and the arts and/or special topics courses in cognitive and/or human development."--BOOK JACKET.
Legend-tripping online : supernatural folklore and the search for Ong's hat
The Cambridge handbook of sociocultural psychology
Organizational psychology in cross-cultural perspective
"This book situates the essential areas of psychology within a cultural perspective, exploring the relationship of culture to psychological phenomena, from introduction and research foundations to clinical and social principles and applications. [bullet] Includes contributions from an experienced, international team of researchers and teachers [bullet] Brings together new perspectives and research findings with established psychological principles [bullet] Organized around key issues of contemporary cross-cultural psychology, including ethnocentrism, diversity, gender and sexuality and their role in research methods [bullet] Argues for the importance of culture as an integral component in the teaching of psychology"--
Cultural psychology of immigrants
Understanding cross-cultural psychology : eastern and western perspectives
The spirit of mourning : history, memory and the body
The everyday lives of young children : culture, class, and child rearing in diverse societies
The psychology of a primitive people : a study of the Australian aborigine
Becoming other : from social interaction to self-reflection
Culture in minds and societies : foundations of cultural psychology
"In the current monograph, we report on a series of eight studies in which we systematically assessed the social-cognitive skills of 1- to 3-year-old children in three diverse cultural settings. One group of children was from a Western, middle-class cultural setting in rural Canada and the other two groups were from traditional, small-scale cultural settings in rural Peru and India. In the first group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's most basic social-cognitive skills for understanding the intentions and attention of others: imitation, helping, gaze following, and communicative pointing. Children's performance in these tasks was mostly similar across cultural settings. In a second group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's skills in participating in interactive episodes of collaboration and joint attention.... In the final pair of studies, we assessed 2- to 3-year old children's skills within two symbolic system (pretense and pictorial)."--Abstract.
Cultural processes : a social psychological perspective
Counseling across cultures
Innovating genesis: microgenesis and the constructive mind in action
Cognitive and attributional strategies of American and Finnish young adults
Poverty and psychology : from global perspective to local practice
Real cities : modernity, space and the phantasmagorias of city life
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Cram 101 textbook outlines to accompany Cross-cultural psychology: contemporary themes and perspectives
