http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4647 fruits
fruits
Leon Franks paints fruits and vegetables
Diseases of small fruits : Blackberry, blueberry, cranberry, grape, raspberry, strawberry
The fruit expert
Proceedings of International Symposium on Banana : Chiang Mai, Thailand, January 23-26, 2012
2nd International peach symposium, Clemson university, Clemson, S.C. USA 19-23 June 1988
Fancy fruits and extraordinary vegetables : a guide to selecting, storing & preparing
Chemical, enzymatic and physical characteristic of cloudy apple juices
Disease management of fruits and vegetables. 1 : Fruit and vegetable diseases
There's broccoli in my ice cream!
Proceedings of the Ist International Symposium in Biotechnology of Fruit Species, Biotechfruit 2008 : Dresden, Germany, September 1-5, 2008.. Vol. 1
Controlled atmosphere storage of fruits and vegetables
Fruit & vegetable quality : an integrated view
Commercial fruit processing
The purpose of this thesis is to learn how to develop the import business of Thai  vegetables and fruits. The business idea came to the author's mind last summer after  visiting Thailand. She became interested and wanted to turn her idea into a reality.  Business plan writing is a useful step to realize whether her business idea is feasible.  It helps her think carefully in every aspect of the import business. Therefore, the  main objective of this thesis is to create a business plan.  The report is divided into two main parts: theoretical and empirical. The theoretical  part presents information about business plan that the author collected from  secondary sources, mainly books from school's library, e-books and articles on  Internet. This part of report explains about business plan, what it means, how many  types there are, what kind of key elements it has and what mistakes people make  when writing it.  In the empirical part, the qualitative semi-structure interview with Thai grocery  storeowners was conducted to gather primary information for developing the  business plan. The aim of the interview was to identify the competitors and  competitive advantages of this business as well as the suitable marketing tools. The business plan for importing Thai vegetables and fruits consists of 9 key elements,  which are executive summary, business description, products and services, market  analysis, marketing plan, operation plan, management team, financial plan and  critical risk factors.  The result from the research showed that the business idea for importing Thai  vegetables and fruits to Finland is realistic and could make profits for the owner.  However, starting up this business would not be easy. Before it could happen, the  author would need to study more about the import procedure and find out about  requirements in customs clearance. For example, there are a lot of customs product  codes and international trade documents that needs to be learnt. Furthermore,  sufficient amount of orders is required for the first import in order to have liquidity in  this business. This could be quite challenging for the author.
Food flavours. Part 100, The flavour of fruits
International symposium on the culture of subtropical and tropical fruits and crops, Nelspruit, South Africa, 6-10, November 1989 : Vol. 1-2
Vertical price transmission in the Finnish import fruit markets
A review of plant-based nutrition interventions on heart disease, obesity and diabetes : suggestions for an educational curriculum
The Nordic Gene Bank's Prunus clone archive in Finland. 2, Local races of plum
One perfect ingredient
The ultimate guide to growing your own food : save money, live better, and enjoy life with food from your garden or orchard
Symposium on tropical and subtropical fruit breeding
Exporting dried fruits and nuts from Afghanistan to Finland  :  Busniess plan for a new company
Determination of phylloquinone and menaquinones in foods by HPLC
The Gourmet gardener : everything you need to know to grow and prepare the very finest of flowers, fruits and vegetables
Proceedings of International Symposium on Tropical and Subtropical Fruits : Chiang Mai, Thailand, December 19-22, 2011
Business plan for importing thai vegetables and fruits
And the answer is a pineapple : the king of fruit in folklore, fabric and food
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Pomegranate and Minor including Mediterranean Fruits (ISPMMF-2009) : Dharwad, India, June 23-27, 2009
Plant resources of South-East Asia. 2, Edible fruits and nuts
Superfoods from the garden : grow it, cook it and achieve the best health ever
The jam and marmalade bible : a complete guide to preserving
Canned Goods Specifications Manual
Salsas, relishes and dips
Botanical illustration course with the Eden Project
The green home organic crops in pots : how to grow your own vegatagles, fruits and herbs
Luther Burbank : his methods and discoveries and their practical application : prepared from his original field notes covering more than 100,000 experiments made during forty years devoted to plant improvement with the assistance of the Luther Burbank society and its entire membership,. 4
Proceedings of the VIth International Pineapple Symposium : João Pesoa, Brazil, November 18-23, 2007
Proceedings of the Seventh International Mango Symposium : Recife City, Brazil, 22-27 September 2002
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on Plum and Prune Genetics, Breeding and Pomology : Lofthus, Norway September 5-9, 2004
Five : 150 effortless ways to eat 5+ fruit and veg a day
Feasting free on wild edibles : a one-volume edition of "Free for the eating" and "More free-for-the-eating wild foods"
Green juice book : over 50 nutrition-packed all-green blends, with every recipe photographed
Proceedings of the Fourth International Date Palm Conference : Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, March 15-17, 2010
CRC handbook of fruit set and development
"Be your own kitchen doctor! Adriana Ayales grew up near the rainforest, where her grandmother set her on the path to herbal healing. Now she runs one of Brooklyn’s most popular juice bars--and she's also deeply knowledgeable about the rainforest's fruits, botanicals, and other exotic ingredients. With this guide she passes on her knowledge of ethnobotanical customs, soul cleansing, and therapeutic cooking.  Ayales explores the role of superfoods and superherbs and presents traditional recipes that embody ancient ways--including medicinal juicing for relaxation and rejuvenation, next-level cleansing, and infusions and teas to nourish body and soul. Enjoy a Cacao & Reishi Energy Elixir, make herbal extracts, learn cold-pressing techniques, and whip up a headache cure. These special, sometimes sacred formulas will help empower your life with vibrant creativity,"--Amazon.com.
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
Barry Ballister's fruit and vegetable stand : a complete guide to the selection, preparation and nutrition of fresh produce
Sigatoka leaf spot diseases of bananas : proceedings of an international workshop held at San José, Costa Rica, March 28-April 1, 1989
Great salads and vegetables
Jack and the flumflum tree
Kiwifruit : science and management
Domestic preservation of fruit and vegetables
Effect of storage atmosphere and temperature on soluble solids in mamey amarillo (Mammea americana L.) fruits
Lemons : growing, cooking, crafting
Functional foods and nutraceuticals
Detox drinks with juice fasting detoxification & fat burning smoothies : 30 fat burning & detoxification recipes & superfoods like vitality boosting beet juice, apple cider vinegar, wheatgrass, coconut water, ginger root, kefir, cacao, beta carotene & more
The new supergardener
2nd International workshop on apricot culture and decline research and crop improvement : 22nd International horticultural congress, Davis, California, USA, August 14, 1986
Growing your own fruit and vegetarian for dummies
Diseases of small fruits : blackberry, blueberry, cranberry, grape, raspberry, strawberry
Jams & chutneys : preserving the harvest
Cool smoothies : juices and coctails
Citrus and other subtropical fruit crops: issues, advances and opportunities : a proceedings of the XXVI International Horticultural Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
Green for life : the updated classic on green smoothie nutrition
Botanica's pocket organic gardening
2nd International symposium on mango : Vol. 1-2
A colour atlas of fruit pests
In this study cloudy juices from six apple cultivars: 'Alwa', 'Fiesta', 'Gloster', 'Golden Delicious', 'Mutsu' and 'Pinova' were characterized in respect of polyphenols content by UPLC, PME (pectin methylesterase) activity, color, viscosity, and stability of turbidity. Apple cultivar affected significantly the chemical, enzymatic and physical properties of juices. Total quantitated polyphenols ranged from 686.63 mg l-1 ('Gloster') to 988.63 mg l-1 ('Alwa'), and polymeric proanthocyanidins were a dominant group of these compounds. All of products contained also high content of phenolic acids, mainly chlorogenic. The thermal treatment of juices did not cause a complete inactivation of pectin methylesterase. Taking into account the % of residual enzyme activity, the pasteurization was more efficient in the case of 'Fiesta' and 'Pinova' juices (13% and 14% of the initial activity, respectively). Examined juices were characterized by low values of a stable turbidity (18.07-37.75%), despite relatively high viscosity (2.40-9.60 mPas).
Jamaican food
The Juice lady's big book of juices and green smoothies: more than 400 simple, delicious recipes!
Pants from pips : pots of plants for the whole family to enjoy
Organic fruit and vegetables from the tropics : markets, certification and production information for producers and international trading companies
A concept for capturing fruit flies in domestic homes
Mobile precooler for fruits and vegetables = Prérefroidisseur mobile pour fruits et légumes
Illustrations of fruits and seeds of Japan. No. 1
New encyclopedia of gardening techniques
Proceedings of the Second International Persimmon Symposium : 10-13 September 2000, Queensland, Australia
Improving the safety of fresh fruit and vegetables
Fabulous French fruit cuisine : gourmet French fruit recipes from a master chef
Australian rainforest fruits : a field guide
Microbiology of fruits and vegetables
Diseases of tropical fruit crops
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Tropical and Subtropical Fruits : Cairns, Australia, 26 November-1 December 2000
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Enhancing Economic and Environmental Sustainability of Fruit Production in a Global Economy : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
Proceedings of the Ist International Symposium in Biotechnology of Fruit Species, Biotechfruit 2008 : Dresden, Germany, September 1-5, 2008.. Vol. 2
The effect of rootstock on apple tree bearing stability in a cooler climate
Produce : a fruit and vegetable lover's guide
The natural cuisine of Georges Blanc
Fresh in autumn : cooking with Alastair Hendy
This paper examines the vertical price transmission of banana and orange prices in Finland using import and consumer price series from years 1998-2009. Considering the stationary behaviour of the price series, the dynamic relationship between import and consumer price is investigated by Autoregressive Distributed Lag (ADL) models and Error Correction Models (ECM). The results show that the vertical price transmission is symmetric both with banana and orange. However, the analysis concentrates on the speed of adjustment towards the equilibrium of prices. Due to linearity of the model it does not take into account the magnitude of the price change.
Fruit and vegetable processing
Fruit, berry and nut inventory
Fresh in winter : cooking with Alastair Hendy
Fruit production and fruit breeding : proceedings of the international conference [September 12-13, 2000]
Proceedings of the IVth International Conference Postharvest Unlimited 2011 : Leavenworth, Washington, USA, May 22-26, 2011
Stephanie Alexander's kitchen garden companion
Juice processing : quality, safety and value-added opportunities
Natural compounds as therapeutic agents for amyloidogenic diseases
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland - 2008 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
Proceedings of the Tenth International Symposium on Plant Regulators in Fruit Production : Saltillo, Mexico, June 26-30, 2005
Fruits of the world : a comprehensive guide to choosing and using
Proceedings of the Ist International Jujube Symposium : Baoding, China, September 21-25, 2008
Illustrations of fruit & vegetables
Fruit processing
Wholefoods : a cook's kitchen handbook
The protection of small fruits and berries, 1980-April 1989 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
John Steinbeck,'The grapes of Wrath : notes
Rambutan : fruit development, postharvest physiology and marketing in ASEAN
Minimally processed refrigerated fruits & vegetables
The organic fresh fruit and vegetable market in Finland : case company: Eosta BV
The effect of rootstock on apple yield, productivity and alternate bearing was investigated at the Institute of Horticulture, Lithuanian Research Centre for Agriculture and Forestry during a six-year period in a full bearing orchard. Apple cultivars 'Ligol' and 'Auksis' grafted on M.26 semi-dwarf rootstock; M.9, B.396, P 66, P 67 and Pure 1 dwarf rootstocks; and P 59, P 22, P 61, P 62 and PB.4 super-dwarf rootstocks were tested. Rootstock had a significant effect on apple tree growth, average yield and cumulative yield efficiency. Alternate apple bearing did not depend on rootstock vigour. Constant correlations between bearing regularity, average yield and cumulative yield efficiency were not established and differed on a cultivar or rootstock level. On the average of both tested cultivars, a more regular apple yield was recorded on Pure 1, P 59 and B.396 rootstocks. A significantly higher alternate bearing index was established on P 67, P 62 and M.9 rootstocks.
Mineral element composition of Finnish vegetables, fruit, and berries
Fruit and nuts : 1st supplement to McCance and Widdowson's The composition of foods
Healing tonics : next-level juices, smoothies, and elixers for health and wellness
Apple preferences of Estonian consumers (n=336 in 2007 and 332 in2012) were determined regarding apple origin, production method and different quality attributes. The aim was to find out whether apple preferences of young people raised in a capitalistic system differ from older people raised in the Soviet Unionand also to determine if and how these preferences have changed over five years. The majority of the respondents preferred domestic apples (91% and 81% in 2007 and 2012, respectively), the main motivation being food safety: domestic apples were believed to contain fewer chemical residues. Apple taste was the most important quality attribute, followed by appearance which was rated equally important as health benefits and finally, price. Young people (<25 years) were significantly more indifferent towards apple origin compared to others. However, the preference for apple taste and colour was similar in all age groups. Over the five year period surveyed, the preference for domestic and organic apples had decreased, but taste and colour preference had remained unchanged.
Produce handling, packaging and distribution
Compendium of citrus diseases
Fruits and vegetables processing industry : inspection manual
Sources of natural antioxidants : vegetables, fruits, herbs, spices and teas
Consumer preferences of apples in Estonia and changes in attitudes over five years
The world encyclopedia of fruit : a comprehensive directory of the fruits of the world with over 100 tempting recipes
Fruit phenolics
Crop yield response to water
Postharvest biotechnology of fruits. Vol. 2
Fruits of angiosperms
Proceedings of the Sixth International Symposium on Computer Modelling in Fruit Research and Orchard Management : California, USA, 15-18 July, 2001
Common Malaysian fruits, with Thai and Tamil names
Development of enhanced analytical methodology in pesticide chemistry
Phytochemistry of fruit and vegetables
A passion for fruits
Aromatic and spicy plants in Cyprus : from antiquity to the present day
The organic fruit and vegetable gardener's year : a seasonal guide to growing what you eat
Proceedings of the Ninth International Pear Symposium
Import of fruits from Spain to Finland
Fruit analysis
Biological control of postharvest diseases : theory and practice
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
How to find a fruit bat
Consumer evaluation of scrab-resistant apple cultivars in Sweden
The blender girl : super-easy, super-healthy meals, snacks, desserts &​ drinks
Art of preserving
Fruit and vegetable production in warm climates
Biology of the leaf miners
Mycotoxins in fruits and vegetables
New kitchen garden : organic gardening and cooking with herbs, vegetables and fruit
Salt sugar smoke : how to preserve fruit, vegetables, meat and fish
Climatic potential and risks for apple growing by 2040.
Fruit and vegetables : production, trade and policies in Europe 1947-1951
Postharvest : an introduction to the physiology and handling of fruit and vegetables
Cornucopia : the lore of fruits & vegetables
Exporting fruits and vegetables from Vietnam to Japan : Current state and suggestions for improvement
Fruit quality and its biological basis
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Discovery and Development of Innovative Strategies for Postharvest Disease Management : Kusadasi, Turkey, April 28-May 2, 2013
Export Fruits from Spain to Finland. Case: Karamelo Citrus S.L.L.
Color atlas of postharvest quality of fruits and vegetables
Food choices and healthy eating : focusing on vegetables, fruits and berries : International conference September 2nd-3rd 2005 Kauhajoki, Finland : additional part
The garden variety cookbook : more than 500 vegetable and fruit recipes for nonvegetarians
The Canary-Island banana
An apple harvest : recipes and orchard lore
Fruits and vegetables in West Africa
Fruit and vegetable products : determination of soluble solids : refractometric method
Handbook for the fruit processing industry
Hooker's finest fruits : a selection of paintings of fruits
199 things to eat
Marguerite Patten's book of of fruit and vegetable cookery : and eggs, cheese, bacon, pickles, chutneys, jams, home-made wines
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Citrus and Other Tropical and Subtropical Fruit Crops : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2008
Grow your own vegetables in pots and containers
The bounty of the earth cookbook
Quality of sapote andino fruits (Chupa chupa) stored under controlled atmosphere
Proceedings of the IVth International Pineapple Symposium : Veracruz, Mexico April 16-19, 2002
Food quality modelling : proceedings of the COST 915 - Copernicus CIPA-CT94-0120 workshop, 4 to 6 june 1997 Leuwen, Belgium
