http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4641 guides (literary works)
guides (literary works)
Chinese brush painting : tradional and contemporary techniques using ink and water solube media
Portrait photographer's style guide : a recipe book of professional portraiture techniques
Money : master the game : 7 simple steps to financial freedom
The ancient history of Latvia : (8500 BC - 1200 AD)
Photographing arts, crafts & collectibles : take great digital photos for portfolios, documentation, or selling on the web
A night at the opera : an irreverent guide to the plots, the singers, the composers, the recordings
"Everything you wanted to know but were too embarrassed to ask - a guide to pregnancy and birth straight from the midwife's mouth"-- Back cover.
Drawing the landscape
David Busch's Canon® EOS Rebel T2i/550D : guide to digital SLR photography
Collins BTO guide to British birds
Hugh Johnson's pocket wine book 2012
Guide to business information on Russia, the NIS and the Baltic States
Get your sh*t together : how to stop worrying about what you should do so you can finish what you need to do and start doing what you want to do
What color is your parachute? : guide to rethinking interviews : ace the interview and land your dream job
Media Production : a Practical Guide to Radio and TV
Writing down the bones : freeing the writer within
The video dictionary of classical ballet
Canary Islands. II : Tenerife and La Comera, Spain
Weddings by Tara Guérard
Environmental impact assessment : guidelines for FAO field projects
Thor : the dark world
How to grow a baby and push it out : your no-nonsense week-by-week guide to pregnancy and birth
The nude
Breaking dawn : part 1 : the official illustrated movie companion
The body book : the law of hunger, the science of strength, the power of knowledge, and other ways to love your amazing body
Educational Research has two main aims: 1. To introduce some of the basic concepts and knowledge underlying an understanding of research. This is important as research has a specialist language all of its own. To engage with and critique research we need to be able to understand how and why a piece of research has been developed in the way it has. 2. To provide some basic frameworks for developing your own small-scale research projects. One of the best ways to deepen your understanding of research is to carry out your own! Educational Research is a comprehensive guide to practitioner research; equipping teachers with the tools to develop their research literacy and conduct their own small-scale research projects. The book covers: the foundations of good educational research, research literacy, ethical issues in educational research, managing researcher bias, critical reading and writing, an introduction to research interests, context and questions, worldviews, philosophies and methodologies of research, research methods, data capture, sampling, methods of data collection, analysing data, descriptive statistics, reliability and validity and developing small--scale research projects.
Bosnia & Herzegovina : the Bradt travel guide
Summary: Includes Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Estonia, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyz Republic, Latvia, Lithuania, Moldova, Russian Federation, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine and Uzbekistan.--p. 2-3.
Eclipse : the official illustrated movie companion
Sinebrychoffin taidemuseo = Sinebrychoff Art Museum
Japan today! : a westener's guide to the people, language and culture of Japan
Provides a straight-talking, humorous, and helpful guide to shedding self-doubt and finding one's own path to success.
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume four
Teaching manual on the European Union's policy on development co-operation
Going global : career information and resources for Finland
The art and craft of feature writing : based on the Wall Street Journal guide
Hugh Johnson's pocket wine book 2014
Bloomsbury good reading guide
The whole school library handbook
Hugh Johnson's pocket wine book 2009
Basic conducting techniques
Nonprofit kit for dummies
Guide to Federal programs for rural development
Hugh Johnson's pocket wine book 2010
Möbel & Räume Schweiz : Taschenführer der Dauerausstellung im Landesmuseum Zührich = Swiss homes & furnishings : pocket guide to the permanent exhibition in the National Museum Zürich
Gothenburg and Sweden's West Coast
Bluff your way in poetry
Not that kind of girl : a young woman tells you what she's "learned"
Anything you want : 40 lessons for a new kind of entrepreneur
A first book of nature
First steps in journal article writing
The introvert entrepreneur : amplify your strengths and create success on your own terms in ten steps
Yoga for you
Harper's Bazaar fashion : your guide to personal style
The Duellist's Companion : a training manual for 17th century Italian rapier
Troubleshooting and repairing major appliances
David Busch's Nikon® D300s : guide to digital SLR photography
The immigrant's guide to living in australia
Recording and producing in the home studio : a complete guide
From Lost to Leading
Complete digital photography
Destination: Estonia relocation guide
Encyclopedia of arranging techniques : a compendium of three great books in one
Writing prose : techniques and purposes
Birds of the Philippines
Photographing plants and flowers
The complete oil painting book
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume six
Readymade CVs : winning CVs for every type of job
Core envy : a 3-step guide to a strong, sexy core
Mastering the Art of Arms. Volume 2, The Medieval Longsword
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
Dutch sources on South Asia, c. 1600-1825. Vol. 1, Bibliography and archival guide to the National Archives at the Haque (The Netherlands)
Unlabel : selling you without selling out
Chilton's auto repair manual 1980-1987
A manifesto about living life, appreciating enough, and doing what matters. It's most of what fabled entrepreneur Derek Sivers learned in ten years of starting and growing a small business.
Digital photography complete photographer
Make your own artist's tools and materials
Epic bike rides of the world : explore the planet's most thrilling cycling routes
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume one
Grace & style : the art of pretending you have it
From frazzled to fabulous : how to juggle fatherhood, a successful career, 'me time' and looking good
The transcriber's art : selected articles from Soundboard 1996-2006
Neglected music : a repertoire handbook for choirs and orchestras
Zonation : spatial conservation planning methods and software : version 4 : user manual
Dirty dancing : official dance workout
1989 SAE Handbook. Volume 3, Engines, Fuels, Lubricants, Emissions, and Noise
Baltic studies : facts for students
Birds of northern South America : an identification guide. 1, Species accounts
Why you? : 101 interview questions you'll never fear again
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume nine
David Busch's Sony® α DSLR-A380/A330/A230 : guide to digital SLR photography
Living and working in Britain : a survival handbook
1966 : Living history in the old quarters of Helsinki
An A-Z of food and wine in plain English
Wedding etiquette for dummies
Dr. Deutsch encyclopedia of arranging : nine books in one
Twilight : the complete illustrated movie companion
Ipad for photographers : a guide to managing, editing, and displaying photographs using your iPad
Walking through the mountain landscape : cultural encounters, spatial knowledge and placed memories of guides on Mount Kenya
Dutch sources on South Asia, c. 1600-1825. Vol. 2, Archival guide to the repositories in The Netherlands other than the National Archives
Your creative writing masterclass : advice from the best on writing successful novels, screenplays and short stories
The new rules of attraction : how to get him, keep him, & make him beg for more
The cities book : a journey through the best cities in the world
Love : the psychology of attraction
German-English-Chinese conversation handbook = De ying zhong huihua shouce
iConnected : use AirPlay, iCloud, apps, and more to bring your Apple devices together
Strala yoga : be strong, focused & ridiculously happy from the inside out
Advice from STUK
Digital nature photography and Adobe Photoshop
Body and soul : a girl's guide to a fit, fun, and fabulous life
Handbook of PTSD : science and practice
This Beginner's Guide delves into the creative processes behind great comic art, outlining both the traditional and digital tools of the trade. Learn all about the comic workflow, from storyboarding to speech balloons, line art, inking, coloring, and background gradients. A comprehensive comic art theory chapter will help you get to grips with narrative, composition, perspective, depth, light, color, anatomy, and environments. Learn the tricks of the trade as top artists create a mini comic book from scratch, describing in detail their working process. A visual glossary of everything from bounding boxes to poses and expressions, plus a breakdown gallery, will also help you on your way to comic success!
1, 2, 3, sew : build your skills with 33 simple sewing projects
How to write effective EU proposals : a practical guide on getting funding for Horizon 2020
Ethnic studies : a selective guide to reference materials at Berkeley
Stop talking, start communicating : counterintuitive secrets to success in business and in life
MATLAB implementations and applications of the self-organizing map
Korean beauty secrets : a practical guide to cutting-edge skincare and makeup
Stein on writing : a master editor of some of the most successful writers of our century shares his craft techniques and strategies
The marketing research guide : Instructors' manual
The big book 1999 : the essential workbook for professional photographers
A guide to venetian domestic architecture "Venezia minore" : discovering the little-known Venice of the sestieri of castello and dorsoduro illustrated by 160 drawings of buildings from the 12th to the 18th century
David Busch's Olympus® PEN E-P2 : guide to digital photography
The modern man guide : a guide to being the ultimate gentleman - without the boring bits
Grant information for researchers
"One of the most provocative entrepreneurs of our time, who started Eckō Unltd out of his parents' garage and turned it into a media empire, Marc Eckō reveals his formula for building an authentic brand or business. Marc Eckō began his career by spray-painting t-shirts in the garage of his childhood home in suburban New Jersey. A graffiti artist with no connections and no fashion pedigree, he left the safety net of pharmacy school to start his own company. Armed with only hustle, sweat equity, and creativity, he flipped a $5,000 bag of cash into a global corporation now worth $500 million. Unlabel is a success story, but it's one that shares the bruises, scabs, and gut-wrenching mistakes that every entrepreneur must overcome to succeed. Through his personal prescription for success--the Authenticity Formula--Eckō recounts his many innovations and misadventures in his journey from misfit kid to the CEO. It wasn't a meteoric rise; in fact, it was a rollercoaster that dipped to the edge of bankruptcy and even to national notoriety, but this is an underdog story we can learn from: Ecko's doubling down on the core principles of the brand and his formula for action over talk are all lessons for today's entrepreneurs. Ecko offers a brash message with his inspirational story: embrace pain, take risks, and be yourself. Unlabel demonstrates that, like or not, you are a brand and it's up you to take control of it and create something authentic. Unlabel is a groundbreaking guide to channeling your creativity, finding the courage to defy convention, and summoning the confidence to act and be competitive in any environment"--
Glacier mass balance measurements : a manual for field work
Do unto animals : a friendly guide to how animals live, and how we can make their lives better
Chinese bird-and-flower painting for beginners / Ma Zhifeng ; translated by Wen Jingen with Pauline Cherrett
OCR AS business studies. Unit F292, Business functions
Drafting commercial agreements
Hugh Johnson's pocket wine book 2011
The elements of style
The art of infrared photography
Minecraft : combat handbook
Ancient philosophy : a beginner's guide
Python for kids : a playful introduction to programming
Selling rights
Directory of international statistics. Vol. 1
Electronic music and sound design : theory and practice with Max/MSP. Vol. 2
Classical painting atelier : a contemporary guide to traditional studio practice
Economic and social support for students in the countries of the European Community
Guide to the aria repertoire
Colour & light in watercolour
David Busch's Nikon® D3S/D3X : guide to digital SLR photography
A gentleman walks down the aisle : a complete guide to the perfect wedding day
Basics of long-style boxing
The celebrity playbook : the insider's guide to living like a star
Art of drawing manga
Educational research : taking the plunge
Master low light photography : Create Beautiful Images from Twilight to Dawn
The comprehensive handbook of school safety
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume seven
Iceland
Light : science & magic : an introduction to photographic lighting
Dr. Jack Newman's guide to breastfeeding : revised edition
Birds of northern South America : an identification guide. 2, Plates and maps
The nautical almanac abridged for the use of seamen for the year 1915
The amazing Spider-man : behind the scenes & beyond the web
Webcasting success in a day : beginners guide to fast, easy and effective learning of webcasting
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume five
Paris photo guide 1998 : regards construits/constructed views
Microsoft Office Professional 2013 for touch devices : plain and simple
The Extreme Searcher's Internet Handbook : A Guide for the Serious Searcher
The ABC's of Writing Fiction
Flamenco essentials : the complete beginners guide to flamenco dance, music and song
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 3, Seminars and tutorials : course book
Preparing for highly pathogenic avian influenza
Story structure architect : a writers guide to building plots, characters & complications
David Busch's Sony® α DSLR-A850 : guide to digital photography
Living the 80/20 way : work less, worry less, succeed more, enjoy more
Business guide to the Kaluga region of Russia
The digital renaissance : old-master techniques in Painter and Photoshop
Assessing and monitoring forest governance : a user's guide to a diagnostic tool
"Who are the people most qualified to teach writing? Surely it is the authors whose work has endured for decades, or even a century or more? Full to the brim with tips, quotes and examples from today's most famous writers, Your Creative Writing Masterclass shows all aspiring writers how to overcome fear, get past excuses, and start writing. It offers practical advice from the likes of Graham Greene, Murakami, Raymond Chandler, Dickens and Shakespeare on developing your niche, your writing style and your creativity. More than just a 'how-to' book, Your Creative Writing Masterclass is a friendly companion and coach, providing all the strategies needed to become a full-time writer and build a successful writing career. Using exercises, quotes and encouragement, Jurgen Wolff - with a little help from his friends - shows you how to hook readers and keep them engaged and offers powerful tips on how to stay motivated and transform your inner critic into a constructive guide to get past the dreaded writer's block."--Publisher's description.
The visual language of drawing : lessons on the art of seeing
Think stats
Puppetry for beginners
Online! : a reference guide to using Internet sources : 2000 edition
David Busch's Canon® PowerShot® G10/G11 : guide to digital photography
Classical music 101 : a complete guide to learning and loving classical music
Yritys selittää curling siinä luultavasti epäonnistuen = Trying to explain curling and probably failing at it
Turns & turn combos
Best Finnish practices on joint construction of infrastructure networks : examples of coordinated construction of transport infrastructure, water supply networks and electricity and telecommunications cables in Finland
Beginner's guide to comic art / Characters
World corporate profile graphics : a collection of company, school and institution guides and annual reports
Operative procedure
Booklife : strategies and survival tips for the 21st-century writer
Paris photo guide 3 : hiver/winter 1989/99
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume three
Digital retouching and compositing : photographers' guide
Just the facts101 : textbook key facts : studyguide for statics and mechanics of materials : an integrated approach by Sturges, LeRoy D.
Collins COBUILD English guides. 6, Homophones
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume ten
Chinese landscape painting for beginners
The beer companion : a connoisseur's guide to the world's finest craft beers
The beginner's photography guide
Oasis in the middle of Helsinki : translating a specialized tourist brochure
Drawing on the right side of the brain : a course in enhancing creativity and artistic confidence
3D printing for dummies
Writing essays about literature : a guide and style sheet
Academic writing
The complete portrait manual
Hugh Johnson's pocket wine book 2013
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume eight
How to learn almost anything in 48 hours : shortcuts and brain hacks for learning new skills fast
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume two
Europe by InterRail
Choir builders : for growing voices. 2, 24 more vocal exercises for warm-up & workout
Pregnancy : an infographic guide
Living and working in Australia : a survival handbook
Real Estate Saving and Investing : A Guide for Investors
This is how to get your next job : an inside look at what employers really want
