http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4653 Church of the Cross (Lahti)
Church of the Cross (Lahti)
Age of faith
The Christianization of Scandinavia : report of a Symposium held at Kungälv, Sweden 4-9 August 1985
The crusades, c. 1071-c. 1291
Crusaders, Cathars, and the holy places
The first crusade and the idea of crusading : with a new introduction
The millennium between the breakup of the western Roman Empire and the Reformation was a long and hugely transformative period--one not easily chronicled within the scope of a few hundred pages. Yet distinguished historian Chris Wickham has taken up the challenge in this landmark book, and he succeeds in producing the most riveting account of medieval Europe in a generation. Tracking the entire sweep of the Middle Ages across Europe, Wickham focuses on important changes century by century, including such pivotal crises and moments as the fall of the western Roman Empire, Charlemagne's reforms, the feudal revolution, the challenge of heresy, the destruction of the Byzantine Empire, the rebuilding of late medieval states, and the appalling devastation of the Black Death. He provides illuminating vignettes that underscore how shifting social, economic, and political circumstances affected individual lives and international events. Wickham offers both a new conception of Europe's medieval period and a provocative revision of exactly how and why the Middle Ages matter.
Byzantine Athens was not a city without a history, as is commonly believed, but an important center about which much can now be said. Providing a wealth of new evidence, Professor Kaldellis argues that the Parthenon became a major site of Christian pilgrimage after its conversion into a church. Paradoxically, it was more important as a church than it had been as a temple: the Byzantine period was its true age of glory. He examines the idiosyncratic fusion of pagan and Christian culture that took place in Athens, where an attempt was made to replicate the classical past in Christian terms, affecting rhetoric, monuments, and miracles. He also re-evaluates the reception of ancient ruins in Byzantine Greece and presents for the first time a form of pilgrimage that was directed not toward icons, Holy Lands, or holy men but toward a monument embodying a permanent cultural tension and religious dialectic.
The incorporation of the northern Baltic lands into the western christian church
Ehrenzeichen der Kapitel in vormals habsburgischen Ländern = Distinctive ensigns of chapters in formerly Habsburg dominated countries
The Hakenkreuz, or broken cross, became the vivid icon under which Adolph Hitler united his destitute and pride-starved nation. As Der Führer, supreme leader of the Reich, Hitler rejoiced that the swastika was openly displayed in churches throughout Germany. Confused at first by their responsibilities, then deceived by their pride, many church leaders capitulated to the wave of nationalism that swept the cross of Jesus Christ from its rightful place. Others did not -- and paid the ultimate price for upholding the truth. Erwin W. Lutzer explores the story of Hitler's cross -- how a whole race of people so in need of a champion found little help from the church of Christ and so invited the judgment of God. - Jacket.
The Borgias : the original crime family. The final season
The clash of cultures on the medieval Baltic frontier
The Occitan war : a military and political history of the Albigensian Crusade, 1209-1218
The Crusades
The written world : past and place in the work of Orderic Vitalis
The Franks in Outremer : studies in the Latin principalities of Palestine and Syria, 1099-1187
Livonia, Rus' and the Baltic Crusades in the thirteenth century
The crusades : a history
First crusader : Byzantium's holy wars
The churches of the Crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem : a corpus
At home within stone walls : life in the late medieval Häme castle
The rise and fall of the Knights Templar : the Order of the Temple 1118-1314 : a true history of faith, glory, betrayal and tragedy
Crusading on the edge : Ideas and practice of crusading in iberia and the baltic region,1100-1500
Crusading and the crusader states
Sacral space : modern Finnish churches
The crucifixion of Jesus : a forensic inquiry
Hattula church and Häme castle
Church and belief in the Middle Ages : popes, saints, and crusaders
Mercy and justice : miracles of the Virgin Mary in Finnish medieval wall-paintings
Alvar Aalto in seven buildings : interpretations of an architect's work = Alvar Aalto in sieben Bauwerken : Interpretationen des Lebenswerks eines Architekten
Templars, Hospitallers and Teutonic Knights : images of the military orders, 1128-1291
Deus vult : images of crusader violence c. 1095-1100
The frontier thesis and the Baltic crusade
Kaksikymmentäneljäkulmaisen ristikirkon syntyongelmia = On the Finnish cruciformed timber-churches with twenty-four corners : problems concerning their origin
Pyhän ristin kappeli = Helga korsets kapell = Chapel of the Holy Cross = Heiligenkreuzkapelle
The Crusades : the essential readings
Consequences of the Baltic crusades in target areas : the case of Karelia
Ritual and the rood : liturgical images and the Old English poems of the Dream of the rood tradition
Europe in the High Middle Ages
Denial and repression of anti-semitism : post-communist remembrance of the Serbian Bishop Nikolaj Velimirović
The Christian Parthenon : classicism and pilgrimage in Byzantine Athens
The Crusades and the expansion of Catholic Christendom, 1000-1714
The cross of Adrianople : a silver processional cross of the Middle Byzantine period
Preaching the crusades : mendicant friars and the cross in the thirteenth century
Hattulan kirkko = The medieval church of Hattula = Die mittelalterliche Kirche von Hattula = L'église médiévale de Hattula = Hattula medeltidskyrka
The African liberation reader. Vol. 2, The National liberation movements
Hattula church
Popes, monks, and crusaders
The new knighthood : a history of the Order of the Temple
The Vatican and the red flag : the struggle for the soul of Eastern Europe
Popes, lawyers, and infidels : the Church and the non-Christian world, 1250-1550
A moral reckoning : the role of the Catholic Church in the Holocaust and its unfulfilled duty of repair
Infidels : a history of the conflict between Christendom and Islam
A companion to medieval art : Romanesque and Gothic in Northern Europe
The Pelican history of medieval Europe
Jerusalem the Golden : the origins and impact of the first crusade
Anatomy of a crusade, 1213-1221
The Eastern schism : a study of the papacy and the Eastern churches during the XIth and XIIth centuries
Kilroy was here : a glimpse of  the graffiti of holy cross church in Hattula
The scorpion. Volume 3
Dominion of God : Christendom and apocalypse in the Middle Ages
The glory of the Lord : a theological aesthetics. Vol. 3, Studies in theological style : lay style
The popes and the Baltic crusades, 1147-1254
Crusading and warfare in medieval and renaissance Europe
The Popes against the Jews : the Vatican's role in the rise of modern anti-semitism
What were the Crusades?
The song of the cathar wars : a history of the Albigensian Crusade
The Greek East and the Latin West : a study in the Christian tradition
The Cathars and the Albigensian Crusade : a sourcebook
The crusaders in Syria and the Holy Land
Kolmen ristin kirkko, Imatra = Church of the Three Crosses, Imatra
This volume brings together twenty studies relating to the history of the Latin principalities established in Palestine and Syria from their foundation in the course of the First Crusade up to their defeat by Saladin at the battle of Hattin in 1187. Half of the essays deal with the first three decades of the Frankish settlement, focusing on the monarchy of the kingdom of Jerusalem under Godfrey of Bouillon, Baldwin I and Baldwin II, and on the origins and prosopography of the Frankish nobility. Beyond this are longer-ranging studies devoted to sacred and secular aspects of the landscape and population of Palestine, including the settlement of the city of Jerusalem, the military use of the relic of the True Cross, and wider strategic considerations concerning the defence of the Holy Land. The final section considers how the Franks perceived and interacted with the Muslim and native Christian inhabitants of Syria, Palestine and neighbouring lands, with a particular emphasis on the evidence of the great chronicle of William of Tyre.
This collection brings together new work by an international cast of distinguished scholars, who explore areas as diverse as the military and ecclesiastical aspects of the First Crusade; its representation in contemporary sculpture; and the way it has been portrayed in modern fiction and film. Further contributions analyse and compare primary sources and historiography, and yet others consider the crusade in its Mediterranean context, which is sometimes overlooked. These definitive studies of established areas of research are augmented by the ground-breaking work of a number of early-career academics who are working in relatively new areas: the 'emotional language' used in the narrative sources; the memorialization of the crusades; and the use of literary sources for crusade studies: notably there are complementary papers on the heroes and villains depicted in the Old French poetic accounts of the First Crusade. In these twenty-one essays every historian and interested reader of medieval history will find illumination and food for thought.
Europe in a wider world, 1350-1650
The liturgy of the Canons regular of the Holy Sepulchre of Jerusalem : a study and a catalogue of the manuscript sources
The Byzantine patriarchate : 451-1204
The first crusade and the idea of crusading
Crusades and crusading ideology in the political history of Sweden, 114-1500
The Origin of the Idea of Crusade
Borgias : The Borgias : the original crime family. Ensimmäinen tuotantokausi
A collection of russian metal icons
Alvar Aalto em sete edifícios : interpretações do trabalho de um arquitecto = Alvar Aalto in seven buildings : interpretations of an architect's work
Religious enthusiasm in the medieval West : revivals, crusades, saints
The Crusades, Holy War and canon law
Seek and ye shall find - but you do have to seek
Hitler's cross
The conversion of the lands on the southern and eastern shores of the Baltic Sea by Germans, Danes and Swedes in the period from 1150 to 1400 represented the last great struggle between Christianity and paganism on the European continent, but for the indigenous people of Finland, Livonia, Prussia, Lithuania and Pomerania, it was also a period of wider cultural conflict and transformation. Along with the Christian faith came a new and foreign culture: the German and Scandinavian languages of the crusaders and the Latin of their priests, new names for places, superior military technology, and churches and fortifications built of stone. For newly baptized populations, the acceptance of Christianity encompassed major changes in the organization and practice of political, religious and social life, entailing the acceptance of government by alien elites, of new cultic practices, and of new obligations such as taxes, tithes and military service in the armies of the Christian rulers. At the same time, as the Western conquerors carried their campaigns beyond pagan territory into the principalities of north-western Russia, the Baltic Crusades also developed into a struggle between Roman Catholicism and Orthodoxy. This collection of sixteen essays by both established and younger scholars explores the theme of clash of cultures from a variety of perspectives, discussing the nature and ideology of crusading in the medieval Baltic region, the struggle between Catholicism and Orthodoxy, and the cultural confrontation that accompanied the process of conversion, in subjects as diverse as religious observation, political structures, the practice of warfare, art and music, and perceptions of the landscape.
Jerusalem in the North : Denmark and the Baltic Crusades 1100-1522
Ethiopian crosses : a cultural history and chronology
The Crusades, 1095-1197
Borgias = The Borgias : the original crime family. The second season
