http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4652 service centres
service centres
Interoperability and accessibility of transport modes
Programme of aims and action
Customer satisfaction survey for Sokos Hotels' Sales Service Centre
Esteetön Helsinki : liikkumisesteisen opas = Det tillgängliga Helsingfors : guide för funktionshindrade = Accessible Helsinki : guide for disabled people
Productive efficiency and determinants of inefficiency at health centres in Finland
Effective financial planning for library and information services
Replacing edge firewall in internet-facing datacenter : responding to changed requirements
Centro Finlandia as a business environment
Evaluation of the Service Centre for Development Cooperation in Finland (KEPA) : Main Report
The study and development of this thesis was made to create and analyze a potential project that a Mexican call center would develop for the Mexico Tourism Board. This developed project consists in providing telephone customer service to the people visiting Mexico. Not only will the tourists have service and assistance in any way such as finding businesses' information, health, and security information, but Servifon S.A. de C.V. would also work as a travel agency where the tourists can book their trip. Through this thesis a thorough explanation of the project has been done, explaining the key operational factors required for the development. These studies include the Market Analysis, the Human Resources Management, the Pricing Strategy, and the Advertising Process. Furthermore, a quantitative research was done, approaching two markets: the foreign market and the domestic market. The foreign market includes seven potential markets that were decided to be focused as target markets. These countries are the United States, Canada, France, Spain, Italy, Germany and the United Kingdom. As for the domestic market, it naturally means the Mexican market. The research was made by giving physical and online surveys to a mixed group of people focusing to approach these nationalities. The surveys were completed with 783 surveys for the foreign market and 90 surveys for the domestic market. All the domestic market surveys were completed online. As a result of this study, we conclude with the benefits that both parties, Servifon and the MTB will have by cooperating together. Consequently, this thesis project may be used as a manual or reference in case that Servifon and the MTB decide to develop it and launch it.
Navigating in the world of services
Agencies : how governments do things through semi-autonomous organizations
Consumer assessments and experiences concerning health center services : a study from four health center districts in Finland
Abstract:.
Design for six sigma for service
Information landscapes for a learning society : networking and the future of libraries 3 : an international conference held at the University of Bath, 29 june-1 july 1998
Harmonized performance measurement system for basic industry's service centers
Study of the efficiency of health stations 1992. Part 2, Consumer experiences and assessments concerning primary care services in the City of Helsinki
Implementation of two service integration innovations in home care: contradictions and bright spots
The thesis' aim is to develop and perform  a customer satisfaction survey for Sokos Hotels' Sales Service Centre. It's a call centre where customers contact to make reservations in the company's hotels.    The  aim of this study is to research how satisfying the company's customer perceives the offered voice-to-voice customer service encounter.  An emphasis in the survey is put on measurable service attributes such as adaptability, communication skills, reliability, listening skills etc.    The research is conducted via Webropol which is used to develop the survey-layout and to gather and analyse the answers. The subject of study are the recently served private business and leisure customers. The survey gathered 350 responces, making the response ratio 20.6%. The results are presented with clear figures and explained further with discussions.    The outcomes indicate the overall customer service being perceived very satisfacting. For further research, additional analyses of gender differences, age group differences, and of loyal customers were provided. Minor but valuable differences were found in customer wishes and preferences. Additinally, key findigs were gained from results to survey's open-ended questions. Specifically, customers were active in leaving comments and kind regards (103 comments) to the sales service centre.    For discussion and conclusion, the author has made suggestions for future development strategies for maintaining and improving the customer service. Loyal customer's wishes and preferences are to be stressed. A more commercial way of thinking is to be adabted.
Components and consequences of a visit to a health center physician : comparison of practice patterns in nine health centers
Customer satisfaction survey for Actilife Fitness Center
Gower handbook of library and information management
How to get best value from HR : the shared services option
Health centre productivity in Finland : productivity change from 1980 to 1990 and productivity differences in 1990
Psychological distress in dyspepsia
A Contac Center is very important part of corporation's service concept. A Contact Center could be the only personal contact with the customer during the year. The corporate assigning the pre-study task is running a Contact Center with unsupported telephony switches and integration towards advanced contact handling Genesys solution is also unsupported. Unsupported versions in switches are causing challenges to both maintenance and enhancements. Lack of capacity between Contact Center locations is real challenge in peak periods. Thus, the corporation is well aware of the importance and the need for changes. The purpose of this pre-study was to clarify different alternatives to secure voice traffic in Contact Centers and to find a solution as for getting the telephony infra-structure into a supported level. In addition, the aim was also to identify requirements regarding the backup system. This pre-study was mainly carried out in workshops together with vendors. In these workshops, the purpose was to clarify available alternatives considering also infrastructural demand as well as the integration demands and costs issues. The study indicated that IP-technology seemed to be the best solution. However, this solution would require changes for the entire Contact Center infrastructure at the same time, therefore it could not be recommended for an immediate solution. Centralised PBX solution either leased or as purchased service would give more time to arrange integrations to IP-technology required level.  With this solution also voice traffic will be secured in short term. Voice traffic between different locations will be arranged using IP-technology. With suggested solution, the bottleneck from traditional voice traffic connections between locations is turned into network bandwidth requirements. Network bandwidth requirement could be handled and implemented more easily than traditional telephone voice connections.
Evaluation of Kepa : field office administration in Nicaragua, Zambia and Mozambique
Resorts : management and operation
The central library as the steppingstone of Helsinki : developing new service design for an authentic tourist experience
Productivity changes in Finnish health centres in 1988-1995 : a Malmquist index approach
Different ways to organize the processes of financial administration : a field study of medium-sized Finnish companies
In the growing markets of today and excess variety of choice to customers, it is significant to companies to know how to maintain their clientele. The purpose of this thesis was to identify the key elements of customer loyalty. The case company Liikuntakeskus Hukka is a large and popular health club situated in Oulu, Finland. The health club wishes to develop its services in order to maintain the number of the existing male members with improved service. The initial interest towards this case company began with the author but the subject for the thesis was suggested by the case company as important and current information to the company could be gathered from the research. The objective was to approach both existing and former male members to determine the reasons why they joined the health club; which needs were or were not satisfied; most and least important factors at the health club among the facilities, and sports and healthcare possibilities; and what were the main causes to resign the contract. According to the researched data, different segments were identified in the male members and conclusions on how to serve these segments better were drawn. This thesis aimed to explain the importance of customer service and customer satisfaction to customer loyalty of a business, as well as considering the theories of consumer behaviour and customer relationship management. Quantitative research was used in the empirical part to gather enough data for reliable results in the form of a multiple-choice questionnaire sent by e-mail. Mainly closed questions were used to gain comparable answer with a few open-ended questions for receiving more precise feedback for the client company. Discussion of the theoretical part was based on printed and online publications. The results were analysed and managerial implications were suggested to the case company in accordance with results. The main segments in male members were identified, and the strongest aspects and the key weaknesses of the health club were recognised by the survey. Health Club Hukka has a strong customer base of members since many years that are very loyal to the club mainly because of the variety of services offered and the atmosphere shared with friends.
Customer satisfaction research for Pohjoismaiden Mediakeskus Oy
Planning Marketing and Marketing Material for Levi Ice Hotel Luvattumaa
Transfer of administrative HR services to global service center in Poland
Introduction to service engineering
Strategic marketing planning in a professional service business : case: Restaurointikeskus
General guidelines for information arrangements in travel centres and integrated terminals
Service quality in Iso-Syöte : case: Crystal
The European Business and Innovation Centres (BICs) : an instrument to assist regional development
Gender in call centre work
Frequent attenders in primary health care : a cross-sectional study of frequent attenders' psychosocial and family factors, chronic diseases and reasons for encounter in a Finnish health centre
Blended services in outsourcing call centers
Battleground Berlin : CIA vs. KGB in the Cold War
The call centre training handbook : a complete guide to learning & development in contact centres
Musical encounters
Maintaining customer loyalty : Developing services at Health Club Hukka
The Western European economy : a geography of post-war development
Resourcing early learners : new networks, new actors
The Finnish volunteer service in Zambia : evaluation report
Saving Bletchley Park
Maintaining customer loyalty : developing services at Health Club Hukka
Library and information center management
The purpose of the survey was to seek for possible development areas for a Finnish shopping and service center, Centro Finlandia. The shopping and service center is located in Fuengirola, Spain, and offers all its services in Finnish language to the growing Finnish community in the Costa del Sol area. Centro Finlandia's main earning logic is renting premises for entrepreneurs, who then are able to establish their own companies in the center. Centro Finlandia was established just three years ago and the owners are eager to develop it all the time. Therefore they have asked me to interview their tenants and see if they are happy with the current state of the center or if something should be changed or developed.      I conducted a qualitative research on the subject. I travelled to Fuengirola to execute semi-structured interviews of nine entrepreneurs and the staff on Centro Finlandia.     Based on my findings, a rough summarization could be that the entrepreneurs are pleased with the current situation and most of them are happy about Centro Finlandia's future plans of becoming a wellness and health oriented center. Of course we also found some room for improvement, the topic that arose mostly from the answers was the lack of foreign customers. Although the center is Finland oriented, it is vital for the companies to have local customers in addition to the Finns who live or travel to the area. I have addressed these issues in the conclusion-section.     I was fortunate to be able to interview all of Centro Finlandia's tenants and that gave me as reliable results for my research as possible in the circumstances. I have attached all the answer I've got from the interviews to this report. All the people I interviewed gave me rights to use their and their companies? names in the making of this report.
Business process outsourcing : case study: how to develop Deloitte S2G's shared service activities in the Barcelona customer response centre
Hoitopaikan valinta : tutkimus terveyskeskuksen palveluista saatujen kokemuksien merkityksestä kolmessa kaupungissa  = Choosing the most commonly used source of care :  a study of the importance of health centre service  experiences in three towns
Concept Design for a Fitness Center
Productization of Digipolis services
The objective of the thesis was to study how customer satisfaction of corporate clientele in meeting services and facilities could be improved in Maritime Centre Vellamo. The research also aimed to conduct an overall survey of Maritime Centre Vellamos' present situation as a meeting location from corporate clients' point of view. Based on the results, development suggestions were presented to Maritime Centre Vellamo. Opened in 2008, Maritime Centre Vellamo houses the Maritime Museum of Finland, Museum of Kymenlaakso and Information Centre Vellamo. It is located in the heart of maritime Kotka, at the old City Port, in the middle of traditional and genuine harbor environment. In addition to museums, Maritime Centre Vellamo offers modern and functional conference and catering facilities for seminars, corporate events and private occasions. The theoretical framework consists of literature on business travel & tourism as well as the meetings industry. The main emphasis is however on customer satisfaction. The research method is qualitative, and the data was gathered in the form of holding semi-structured interviews with Maritime Centre Vellamo's corporate client organizations. The interview questions were formed in co-operation with Maritime Centre Vellamo. Results showed that Maritime Centre Vellamo's corporate clients are mainly very satisfied in meeting services. However, valuable development suggestions were gathered from the interviewees' answers. Most significant suggestions for development were related to the ideas of new meeting packages, and catering services of restaurant Laakonki.  Emphasis was put also on how the corporate clients could include museum programs into their stay in Vellamo, since the museum tours were seen as an interesting extra program to a meeting day among the corporate client organizations.
Abstract.
Usage and improvement of shared service center’s key performance indicators
Telephone customer service: the future of Mexico's tourism
Medical practice business plan workbook
Tourism planning : an integrated and sustainable development approach
Information and documentation resource centres for tourism : guidelines for establishment and maintenance
Sosiaalinen syli kallionkolossa : Palvelukeskus Kivitasku, Helsinki = Social nook in the rock
CARIS : current agricultural research information system : directory of CARIS centres = Système d'information sur les recherches agronomiques en cours : repertoire des centres CARIS = Sistema de información sobre investiga ciones agronómicas en curso : directorio de los centros CARIS
How to improve corporate clienteles customer satisfaction in meeting services in Maritime Centre Vellamo
Technology as a part of care service production : concept design case for Wiktio
Productivity and services : safety telephone services for the elderly
Evaluation of library and information services
Financial and cost management for libraries and information services
The Arctic Centre : challenges for the future : a report by the Arctic Centre Planning Committee
Productivity and its drivers in Finnish primary care 1988-2003
Risk Analysis at Shared Service Centres – A Case Study
How to improve the efficiency of an existing shared service center : case : study Ernst & Young
Palvelukoti-päiväkeskus Kallinranta = Service home and day centre Kallinranta
Fellmannia – a meeting place for learners
Pre-study on upgrading a Contact Center switch infrastructure
Transforming libraries, building communities : the community-centered library
Final work : a study of the quality of services and image of the science park Oulu Technopolis and how they affect its international competitive position
Customer relationship management : an Indian perspective
The 2008 evaluation of SYKE : the Finnish Environment Institute
The dissemination of information
Employee perception of work stress in Finnish call centers
Marketing for health care organizations
Strategic management of information services : a planning handbook
Evaluation of the resource library system in Finland
Creating a successful e-information service
Private medical practice : getting it started and making it work
