http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4655 botany
botany
Sensory, chemical and morphological changes in carrots (Daucus carota L.) as influenced by climatic factors = Sensoriske, kjemiske og morfologiske endringer i gulrot (Daucus carota L.) sett i relasjon til ulike klimafaktorer
Annals of the Missouri Botanical Garden
[Tenerife, Canary Islands] : [geobotanical guide]
The longevity of plants
Biology of plants
Journal of plant biology
Phyton : annales rei botanicae
Matthias Kalm (1793-1833) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Soviet genetics and world science : Lysenko and the meaning of heredity
Botany : a textbook for colleges
Nitrogen effect and impact of white lupin as green manure in cereal-rich crop rotation.
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
Genetic control of flowering in the diploid strawberry Fragaria vesca
What determines the timberline?
Contributions from the University of Michigan Herbarium
Rutström, Carol Birger (1758-1826) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Sedimentation and the energy flow to the profundal of the oligotrophic lake Pääjärvi, Southern Finland
Mycorrhizae : proceedings of the 1st North American Conference on Mycorrhizae, April 1969
Using a botanic garden collection to test a bioclimatic vegetation scheme
Vermont is a small and, by any standard, a well botanized state---beginning with a list of Vermont's trees and other economic plants in 1795, continuing through four editions of the Flora of Vermont, up to the summary Check List of Vermont Plants by the Vermont Botanical Club in 1973. Why the New Flora of Vermont? So many advances in the last 40 years warrant striking out anew: taxonomic advances have resulted from the wave of molecular data since the discovery of DNA and the powerful analytical technique of cladistics, there has been an increase in floristic knowledge of Vermont's local flora in the intervening decades; and an emphasis on potential threats to indigenous flora, e.g., by invasive species, has added several new items. In this up-to-date volume, Art Gilman strikes out anew, following recent advances and current thinking, while contributing to Vermont's long and significant botanical heritage.
Christian Steven made several excursions to the Caucasus, Crimea and the southern provinces of Russia. He visited occasionally also Lower Volga area and did botanical collections, jointly with Marschall von Bieberstein in 1800. In this article, we present Stevens activity here. He collected plant specimens in Lower Volga area in 1800, 1806, 1811 and 1816. Based on specimens collected here, and in some cases additionally also elsewhere, Steven described Adonis volgensis (1817), Ceratocephala incurva (1848), C. leiocarpa (1848), C. reflexa (1848) and Centaurea gerberi (Steven 1856). Further, Allium sabulosum (Steven ex Bunge 1838) and Delphinium cuneatum (Steven ex DC. 1818) were described based on material Steven collected in this region.
UV4Plants bulletin : an open-access publication of the UV4Plants Association
Gene silencing induced by RNA1 16K gene mutants of Tobacco rattle virus on Nicotiana benthamiana
Flowering plants of the Riviera : descriptive account of 1800 of the more interesting species
Dahl was the second Demonstrator in Botany (1786-1789) at Åbo Akademi. He died soon after arriving to Åbo (Turku), and his career here is poorly known. The main duty of demonstrators were to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. Dahl sent to Åbo a considerable herbarium prior to his arrival. It included 6000 specimens, of which about 1000 had once belonged to Herbarium Linnaeanum, but donated to Claes Alströmer, Dahls employer at Alingsås, Christinedahl, Västra Götaland in Sweden. That herbarium, like all collections at Åbo, were almost completely burn in 1827 in the Great Fire of Åbo. The number of exsisting specimens in Herbarium Dahlianum at University of Helsinki, Botanical Museum is 215. It includes specimens once owned by e.g. Pehr Kalm, Carl von Linné the Elder and Younger, Peter Simon Pallas, Carl Peter Thunberg and Martin Vahl.
The cabaret of plants : botany and the imagination
The yield and essential oil content of mint (Mentha ssp.) in Northern Ostrobothnia
Cyanobacterial RNA polymerase : structural features and acclimation to environmental change
Johannes Gustavus Justander (1764-1833) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Genetic variability in the physiological responses of Andean lupin to drought stress
Respiration in plants
Jacob Fellman - the botanising priest
Flowers of Europe : a field guide
Egyptian journal of botany
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Wirzén was the last Demonstrator in Botany (1839-1852) at Alexander University, elsinki, Finland. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. He gave also lectures on officinal plants and plant taxonomy, and private lessons on plant physiology. He supervised six theses. In his own dissertation were given several erroneous records concerning vascular plants distributions in Finland. However, it was the first attemp to define the borders of biogeographical Finland. In 1833-1835 he studied Russian flora at Kazan University, on the Volga River. Based on field excursions there, he supervised a thesis In geographica plantarum per partem provinciae Casanensis distributione illustranda periculum. Two species new to science were described, viz. Echinospermum casanense and Stellaria mollis, and seven new varieties. Corresponding specimens have not been found in the Finnish Museum of Natural History, Botanical Museum (H). Wirzen's new names have been completely overlooked by Russian and other taxonomists. Wirzén was considered to be a relatively weak botanist, but as a doctor of medicine he fared better..
A revision of the species of Trichilia P. Browne (Meliaceae) on the African continent
Photosynthesis and related processes. Vol. 1, Chemistry of photosynthesis, chemosynthesis and related processes in Vitro and in Vivo
"The technical terms used to describe plants are essential for accurate identification and communication. This comprehensive glossary, enhanced by clear, accurate illustrations, gives concise definitions of the terms that describe all the visible characteristics of plants. Gardeners, botanists, and nature lovers will find this guide invaluable in understanding the plant kingdom." -- Back cover.
Tulips : species and hybrids for the gardener
Justander was in order the third Demonstrator in Botany (1789-1794) at Åbo Akademi. The main duty of demonstrators were to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. Justanders personal history is not well known. He defended to both Carl Niclas Hellenius and Pehr Adrian Gadd one theses, and supervised one himself, in order to obtain a docentship at Åbo Akademi. In that one new species, Festuca obliqua, and its four varietes are described as new. These validly published names have completely been overlooked. All material was probably lost at the Great Fire of Åbo in 1827.
Rutström was in order the fourth Demonstrator in Botany (1794-1798) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In 1794 he supervised a thesis on Swedish cryptogams. It presents 20 species, including descriptions of one new fungal species, Peziza ucreolata (later homonym to P. ucreolata Vahl) and three lichens. Peziza urceolata Rutstr. is considered to be Lasiobelonium corticale (Pers.) Raitv. The new lichens were Lichen anceps, L. demissus and L. cumatilis¸ today Bacidia rosella (Pers.) De Not.var. anceps (Rutstr.) Ach., Psora demissa (Rutstr.) Stein. and Lobaria amplissima (Scop.) Forssell, respectively. In 1798 he moved back to Sweden.
Intermountain flora : vascular plants of the Intermountain West, U.S.A. Vol. 2, part A, Subclasses Magnoliidae - Caryophyllidae
Functional genomic approaches for deciphering plant-virus interactions
Field and laboratory methods for grassland and animal production research
Selected botanical papers
Evolutionary history and taxonomy of neotropical marattioid ferns : studies of an ancient lineage of plants
Farlowia : a journal of cryptogamic botany
Plants : from roots to riches
Living earth
Arthur Harry Chuch : the anatomy of flowers
Dig and sow! : how do plants grow?
Journal of plant research
Novel proteins involved in dynamics of the photosynthetic apparatus
Journal of integrative plant biology
The London Catalogue of British Plants
Occasional papers of the Farlow Herbarium of Cryptogamic Botany
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Endeavouring Banks : exploring collections from the Endeavour voyage 1768-1771
Personalities of Russian amateur botany, 1. Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929), and the neglected protologue of Alchemilla propinqua H.Lindb.
Botany : An introduction to plant biology
Hutchinson's popular botany vol. 1 : the living plant from seed to fruit, the facinating story of the world's plants told in a popular manner
Etwas über das Vorkommen der Arctostaphylos alpina (L.) Spr. In der Regio silvatica im Tuntsagebiet (Ks, Salla)
Explorers' botanical notebook : in the footsteps of Theophrastus, Marco Polo, Linnaeus, Flinders, Darwin, Speke and Hooker
Canadian journal of plant science
The flower appreciation society : an A to Z of all things floral
Romanian journal of biology. Plant biology
The living plant : an introduction to botany, with illustrations by the author
Botany of the living plant
Plant science in Finland 2005-2009 : evaluation report
Journal of the Linnean Society. Botany
The expanding knowledge of mycology since Linnæus
Biebersteinia orphanidis (geraniaceae) from southern Greece
Animal, vegetable, mineral? : how eighteenth-century science disrupted the natural order
Plant discoveries 2009 : new genera, species and new records
Herbarium Linnaeanum the Linnaean Collection of the Herbarium of Moscow State University : the Linnaean Collection of the Herbarium of Moscow State University : digital images, comments, historical review
How plants work : a hands-on guide to the natural world
The environmental archaeology of industry
Textbook of theoretical botany
Evolutionary History and Taxonomy of Neotropical Marattioid Ferns: Studies of an Ancient Lineage of Plants
Manual of British botany : containing the flowering plants and ferns arranged according to the natural orders
A botanist's vocabulary : 1300 terms explained and illustrated
Plant biology
Bishop Museum bulletin in botany
Introductory botany
Christian Steven (1781-1863) at the Lower Volga
"This book follows the journey of over 80 pioneering botanists and the important findings and collections they have made. It includes each journey and routes taken with the help of maps and personal notes. Each story explains the complications and difficulties that each botanist had to overcome but the many discoveries made along the way."--
Acta Societatis botanicorum Poloniae
Plant discoveries 2007 : new species, varieties and new records
Johan Ernst Adhemar Wirzén - the last demonstrator in botany at Alexander University
World vegetation
Journal of the Faculty of Science
Bayer CropScience journal
Leaf-targeted ferredoxin-NADP[+] oxidoreductase (FNR) : electron transfer properties and thylakoid assocoation in Arapidopsis thaliana
British flowers in colour
Symplastically transmitted signals regulate pattern formation during root development in Arabidopsis thaliana
The plants of Sudan and South Sudan : an annoted checklist
Molecular mechanisms and interactions in regulation of photosynthetic reactions
Plant discoveries 2010 : new genera, species and new records
Plant discoveries 2008 : new species, varieties and new records
The hidden life of trees : what they feel, how they communicate : discoveries from a secret world
The African rain forest during the Last Glacial Maximum, an archipelago of forests in a sea of grass
Photosynthesis : And Related Processes. 2 part 2, Kinetics of Photosynthesis (continued); Addenda to Volume I and Volume II, Part 1
Flowering plants and ferns of the Riviera and neighbouring mountains
Reactive oxygen species and SRO proteins as regulators of gene expression in Arabidopsis thaliana
Geometry in nature : exploring the morphology of the natural world through projective geometry
The rhizosphere : biochemistry and organic substances at the soil-plant interface
Applied vegetation science
Thylakoid protein phosphorylation in regulation of photosynthesis
Systematics and biogeography of Aralia L. (Araliaceae) : revision of Aralia Sects. Aralia, Humiles, Nanae, and Sciadodendron
Bulletin of the National Museum of Nature and Science : Ser. B, Botany
Anders Dahl (1751-1789) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Estimation of greenhouse gas balance for forestry-drained peatlands
Johan Fredrik Wallenius - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Kalm was in order the fifth Demonstrator in Botany (1800-1805) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. Kalm supervised one thesis, which introduces some past and current botanists. Kalm was focused on medicine
A nomenclatural correction to Flora Iranica: Cyperaceae
An introduction to botany
Contributions from the Gray Herbarium of Harvard University
Lars Johan Laurentius Johannes Prytz, Demonstator in Botany at Imperial Åbo Academy
Botanica Serbica : official journal of the Institute of Botany and Botanical Garden "Jevremovac", University of Belgrade
Thai forest bulletin. Botany
Michigan botanist
Elsevier's dictionary of plant names and their origin
Shakespeare's gardens
Effects of gradual and sudden heat stress on seed quality of Andean lupin, Lupinus mutabilis
NADPH-dependent thioredoxin system in regulation of chloroplast functions
The trees of northern Bengal : including shrubs, woody climbers, bamboos, palms and tree ferns
Country-scale carbon accounting of the vegetation and mineral soils of Finland
Photodamage to oxygen evolving complex : an initial event in photoinhibition of photosystem II
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
Wallenius was the Demonstrator in Botany (1800-1805) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In his own thesis supervised by Professor Carl Niclas Hellenius was introduced surrogate food to compensate grain due to the repeated years of crop failures in 18th century. That theme was repeated by him also in some publications. He supervised six theses with botanical content, of which two provided important historical information of Åbo Akademi Botanical Gardens. In thesis of genus Ammi one species is described as new to science, Ammi boerberi Höckert. This neglected name is synonymous to A. majus L. Höckert was third one in Finland who described a new species to science.
Turkish journal of botany : Türk botanik dergisi
Growth of plants : twenty years' research at Boyce Thompson Institute
Memoirs of the Gray Herbarium of Harvard University
Lars Johan Prytz was the Demonstrator in Botany (1813-1820) at the Imperial Academy of Åbo, Russia (Finland today). His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In his own thesis De Styrace supervised by Professor Carl Peter Thunberg presented known species of Styrax. Prytz supervised 15 doctoral theses, of which eleven have botanical content and three provided important historical information of Åbo Akademi Botanical Gardens. He aimed to complete a brief Flora Fennica, but it was never finished. In six published parts 277 species in 123 genera are characterized. Later one unpublished manuscript was edited by Hj. Hjelt. Consequently, the total number of species presented is 314 in 136 genera. Monocotyledons and ferns were not included. All in all, Prytz announced ca. 15 new plants to Finland..
Evolution and biodiversity of the Ixoroideae (Rubiaceae)
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Smithsonian contributions to botany
Harald Lindberg was one of the most eminent botanist in Finland during the 1900's. He studied a wide range of taxa, including subfossils and bryophytes. He investigated subfossils on peatlands in 60 municipalities, many of them now belonging to Russia. Lindberg described 11 new bryophyte taxa, and discovered 12 new species to Finland (including areas of former Finnish territory of today's Russia). For East Fennoscandia he described 8 new vascular plant species to science, discovered 42 new species and 26 hybrids to country. Apomictic species interested him also, and he described 4 new Alchemilla species, 34 Hieraciumtaxa and 80 Taraxacum species or subspecies. Later he became expertise also on Mediterranean species, and described 50 new species and 22 subspecies, especially from Morocco and Spain. Plantae Finlandiae Exsiccatae was an extensive effort. 2,081 numbers were distributed to 23 museum. .
Vegetation structure and function at multiple spatial, temporal and conceptual scales
Novel CO2 regulated proteins in synechocystis PCC 6803
Annotated bibliography of walnut : supplement no. 1
Bibliographic catalogue of Hieracium and Pilosella names published by Finnish authors
Regularization in multistage cooperitive games
Different forms of flowers on plants of the same species
Spatial and temporal representativeness of water monitoring efforts in the Baltic Sea coast of SW Finland
The influence of seed-bed conditions on the regeneration of spruce and balsam fir
Content of zinc, iron and their absorption inhibitors in Nicaraguan common beans (Phaseolus vulgaris L.)
Practical problems in botany
Robert Wight and illustration of Indian botany : The Hooker lecture read at the Linnean Society of London 8th Desember 2005
Taxonomic Literature II : (TL-2)
Leaflets of western botany
Environmental heterogeneity, population dynamics and life-history differentiation in Primula farinosa
Traditional in situ surface water sampling produces accurate information on water chemistry and biology. Such sampling is conducted primarily as part of water quality monitoring programmes. If sufficiently consistent, the once collected water quality data could also provide valuable resources for subsequent use in scientific research and long-term monitoring. We examined the spatial and temporal coherence of the archived data resources stored in the environmental information system of the Finnish Environmental Administration (the Hertta-PIVET register). We used phytoplankton chlorophyll-a and primary productivity data collected during 1971-2006 as sample resources for environmental studies on the highly fragmented SW coast of Finland (Northern Baltic Sea). 733 sampling stations were categorized according to the total number of sampling days, the consistence of sampling, the number of representative years and the continuity of sampling. Considerable spatial and temporal inconsistencies were observed, making the accumulated data resources rather unsuitable for many types of environmental studies. Synchronization of sampling activities could improve the representativeness of spatial and temporal coverage of regional sampling. Strategic planning of sampling is required to achieve more concerted data generation activities and to facilitate long-term spatially representative analyses.
Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929) was a paediatric surgeon (in urology) in Moscow. As an amateur botanist he collected plants in 1914-1924, mostly Alchemilla, in Moscow and its nearest vicinities, as well as in the former Yaroslavl, Vyatka and Perm Regions. His collections, including types of Alchemilla, are housed at the Komarov Botanical Institute (LE) and the Herbarium of the Museum of History and Culture of the Central Kama Region in Sarapul, Udmurt Republic, Russia....
Amateur botanist Jacob Fellman (1793-1875), priest of northernmost Finland at Utsjoki in 1820-1831, was the first Finn to study the flora of northernmost East Fennoscandia. He did several long expeditions to Lapponia inarensis (Finland), to East Finnmark (Norway) and to the western Kola Peninsula region (Northwest Russia). His main publications include lists of the species of those areas, as well as their localities and frequencies (J. Fellman 1831, 1835). His memoirs (J. Fellman 1906a) also contain a great deal of plant information. Fellman was also interested in economic plants and phenological observations....
Guide to the literature of botany
Bulletin of the Fan Memorial Institute of Biology. Botany (series)
Whole : rethinking the science of nutrition
Evolutionary relationships in Thunbergioideae and other early branching lineages of Acanthaceae
New flora of Vermont
Both the northern (latitudinal) and the upper (altitudinal) timberlines are phytogeographic transitions between the forested boreal vegetation zone and treeless areas. These two timberlines, which intermingle in northern Fennoscandia, are mainly controlled by the cold climate, although other natural and anthropogenic factors are of noticeable importance at least locally. The roles of the various controlling factors are discussed in this article. The timberline and tree line in northern Finland are usually formed by the mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa), which extends further than the Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) or the Norway spruce (Picea abies). The northern coniferous timberline in Finland follows approximately an isoline that represents an effective temperature sum of 600 degree days. Hazardous events also regulate the growth and occurrence of trees in addition to average conditions. Trees growing at the timberline have adapted themselves in many ways to the prevailing harsh circumstances. Pollen research and megafossil analyses (such as tree ring studies) show that the timberline has moved and its tree species composition has changed, primarily due to climatic fluctuations. This is one clear indication that the timberline is a dynamic 'combat zone'.
Insectivorous plants
What a plant knows : a field guide to the senses of your garden - and beyond
Centaurea kunkelii (Asteraceae, Cardueae), a new hybridogenic endecaploid species of sect. Acrocentron from Spain
RNA silencing and its inhibition in transgenic tobacco plants
Approaches to folyl polyglutamate analysis
Hybridization Studies in the Genus Ulmus
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
Biophysical modelling of photosynthetic electron transfer and practical applications to syanobacteria
Cyanobacterial acclimation to changing environmental conditions : roles for group 2 sigma factors in Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803
The transcription regulation of retrotransposon BARE
Harald Lindberg - a Finnish botanist
G.F. Hoffmann in Moscow
Grasslands of the monsoon
XVI International Botanical Congress, Saint Louis : America's Center, Saint Louis, Missouri, U.S.A., 1-7 August 1999 : proceedings
Photosynthesis
Bulletin of the botanic gardens of Toyama
Power of movement in plants
The brother gardeners  : botany, empire and the birth of an obsession
