http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4663 midwives
midwives
Rapid research methods for nurses, midwives and health professionals
Acupuncture in midwifery
Anatomy and physiology for midwives
Healthy English
Essential midwifery practice. Postnatal care
Maternal-newborn nursing
Health promotion in midwifery : a resource for health professionales
Postnatal care : a research-based approach
The bullying culture : cause, effect, harm reduction
Accountability in nursing and midwifery
The midwives book, : or, The whole art of midwifry discovered
National core curriculum for nurse, midwife and public health nurse education in Finland
Birth your way
The life and times of Call the midwife : the official campanion to series one and two
Merchants, midwives and laboring women : Italian migrants in urban America
Ethics and midwifery : issues in contemporary practice
Traditional birth attendants : a field guide to their training, evaluation, and articulation with health services
Sisters on a journey : portraits of American midwives
Report on International Conference on Developing Nurses' and Midwives' Education of the Baltic States in Espoo Nursing College, 29 November - 2 December 1993
Nicaraguan midwives : the integration of indigenous practitioners into official health care
Childbirth and authoritative knowledge : cross-cultural perspectives
Evidence based midwifery
Birthmarked
Pregnancy, childbirth and the newborn : a manual for rural midwives
Survival guide to midwifery
Breastfeeding review : professional publication of the Nursing Mothers' Association of Australia
Aromatherapy in midwifery practice
In the midst of life
Letters to the midwife : correspondence with the author of Call the midwife
Essential midwifery practice. Intrapartum care
The birth house
Witches, midwives, and nurses : a history of women healers
Ina May's guide to childbirth
Professional ethics in midwifery practice
Born to procreate : women and childbirth in France from the Middle Ages to the eighteenth century
Disability in pregnancy and childbirth
Mayes' Midwifery : a textbook for midwives ; ed. by Chris Henderson and Sue Macdonald
The midwife's tale : an oral history from handywoman to professional midwife
The midwife's labour and birth handbook
Abstract: Familiazing midwife students with labour room practice : orientation material to labour room of Kuopio University Hospital.
Counselling skills for nurses, midwives and health visitors
Complementary therapies for pregnancy and childbirth
Revisiting waterbirth : an attitude to care
Light-mother and Earth-mother
A big-bellied woman and her infant : pregnancy, childbirth and infant care in seventeenth-century England
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
Delivering quality in midwifery
Evidence and skills for normal labour and birth : a guide for midwives
Call the Midwife: a true story of the East End in the 1950s
Evidence based midwifery : applications in context
The star side of Bird Hill : a novel
Becoming a midwife
Birth in Focus : stories and photos to inform, educate and inspire
Oxford handbook of midwifery
Clinical effectiveness and clinical governance for midwives
The rebozo technique unfolded : workbook rebozo massage
Communication skills for midwives : challenges in every day practice
Midwives chronicle and nursing notes
Myles textbook for midwives
Nursing for women's health
Promised
Assessment, supervision and support in clinical practice : a quide for nurses, midwives and health professionals
Midwives and medical men : a history of the struggle for the control of childbirth
Social perspectives on pregnancy and childbirth for midwives, nurses and the caring professions
Understanding pain and its relief in labour
Midwives, society and childbirth : debates and controversies in the modern period
This benchmark collection of cross-cultural essays on reproduction and childbirth extends and enriches the work of Brigitte Jordan, who helped generate and define the field of the anthropology of birth. The authors' focus on authoritative knowledge - the knowledge that counts, on the basis of which decisions are made and actions taken - highlights the vast differences between birthing systems that give authority of knowing to women and their communities and those that invest it in experts and machines. Childbirth and Authoritative Knowledge offers first-hand ethnographic research conducted by anthropologists in sixteen different societies and cultures and includes the interdisciplinary perspectives of a social psychologist, a sociologist, an epidemiologist, a staff member of the World Health Organization, and a community midwife. Exciting directions for further research as well as pressing needs for policy guidance emerge from these illuminating explorations of authoritative knowledge about birth. This book is certain to follow Jordan's Birth in Four Cultures as the definitive volume in a rapidly expanding field.
Birthing positions : what do women want? Do midwives know best?
Psychology for midwives : pregnancy, childbirth and puerperium
Baillière's midwives' dictionary
Homeopathy for midwives
The midwife and the witch
Call the midwife : a true story of the East End in the 1950s
What is the future of the human capacity to give birth? What is the future of underused physiological functions? Should we expect an evolution of Homo sapiens in relation to the way babies are born? Can fast-developing scientific disciplines induce a new awareness? In this wide-ranging, interdisciplinary look at the future of birth, renowned obstetrician Michel Odent takes the question 'Do we need midwives?' as a starting point. If a paradigm shift occurs, what kind of midwives shall we need? For how long can we go on neutralizing the laws of natural selection? Are human beings able to raise vital questions before it is too late? Unprecedented situations should first and foremost inspire appropriate questions." --Publisher description
The art and science of midwifery
Childbirth, midwifery and concepts of time
Women and health : cross-cultural perspectives
Professional studies for midwifery practice
Supportive care and midwifery
"Evidence-based care is a well established principle in contemporary healthcare and a worldwide health care movement. However, despite the emphasis on promoting evidence-based or effective care without the unnecessary use of technologies and drugs, intervention rates in childbirth continue to rise rapidly. This new edition emphasises the importance of translating evidence into skilful practice. It updates the evidence around what works best for normal birth, aspects of which still remain hidden and ignored by some maternity care professionals. Beginning with the decision about where to have a baby, through all the phases of labour to the immediate post-birth period, it systematically details research and other evidence sources that endorse a low intervention approach. The second edition: - has been expanded with new chapters on Preparation for Childbirth and Waterbirth - highlights where the evidence is compelling - discusses its application where women question its relevance to them and where the practitioner's expertise leads them to challenge it - gives background and context before discussing the research to date - includes questions for reflection, skills sections and practice recommendations generated from the evidence. Using evidence drawn from a variety of sources, Evidence and Skills for Normal Labour and Birth critiques institutionalised, scientifically managed birth and endorses a more humane midwifery-led model. Packed with up-to-date and relevant information, this text will help all students, practising midwives and doulas keep abreast of the evidence surrounding normal birth and ensure their practice takes full advantage of it"--Provided by publisher.
Raymond Devries bases his research of midwifery regulation on Arizona, Texas and California state laws. The focal point is "what the states allow and what they prohibit, and the relationship between the statutes and the reality of day-to-day practice." He begins by maintaining that the relationship between the law and medicine is far from being interactive or cooperative. From there he looks at the emergence of midwifery regulation from a historical perspective, revealing its effect on the present-day quality of midwifery care both as a restrictive factor and a legitimizing factor. But the question remains: does making the practice of midwifery legal assure a proper future for midwifery? Devries devotes an entire chapter to examining the consequences of grounding midwifery in law. Another chapter covers midwifery on trial, giving as an example a recent case heard in California.
Health promotion in midwifery : principles and practice
Nursing in Europe : a resource for better health
Drum and stethoscope : integrating ethnomedicine and biomedicine in Bolivia
Pregnant fictions : childbirth and the fairy tale in early-modern France
My notorious life
Maternity care in the world : international survey of midwifery practice and training
Making midwives legal : childbirth, medicine, and the law
Tulevaisuus kätilön käsissä = Framtiden i barnmorskans händer = Midwives guarding the future : Nordisk jordemor kongress 4.-6.5.2007 Åbo, Finland : abstraktbok
Successful home birth and midwifery : the Dutch model
The role of collaborative/shared learning in pre- and post-registration education in nursing, midwifery and health visiting : final report
Shadows of the workhouse
Midwives, families and everyday health information and ICT interactions : exploration of identities and networks
Emergencies around childbirth : a handbook for midwives
Call the midwife. [Vol. 2], Shadows of the workhouse
Nurses and midwives in Nazi Germany : the "euthanasia programs"
The best labour possible?
Work and Well-being of Women in Medical Professions in St. Petersburg, Estonia and Finland
Undertaking midwifery research : a basic guide to design and analysis
Pregnant women violent men : what midwives need to know
The midwife of Hope River
The secrets of midwives
Essential calculation skills for nurses, midwives and healthcare practitioners
Letters to the midwife : correspondence with Jennifer Worth
Spiritual midwifery
Includes previously unpublished writing by Jennifer Worth.
Theory for midwifery practice
Ethics in midwifery
Failure to progress : the contraction of the midwifery profession
Emotions in midwifery and reproduction
Midwives as Providers of Prenatal Care in Finland - Past and Present
Call the midwife : a memoir of birth, joy and hard times
Rediscovering birth
Gaia succeeds in leading her people to Wharfton and the Enclave, but rebellion there threatens them all just when everything they have dreamed of seems to be at hand.
Call the midwife. [Vol. 3], Farewell to the East End / Jennifer Worth ; clinical editor: Terri Coates
Follow me home
Journal of human lactation : official journal of the International Lactation Consultant Association
Essential midwifery practice. Leadership, expertise and collaborative working
Birth by design : pregnancy, maternity care, and midwifery in North America and Europe
Letters to the midwife : correpondence with the author of Call the midwife
The hands-on guide to midwifery placements
Primary care of women : a guide for midwives and women's health providers
Mayes ́ midwifery : a textbook for midwives
Muslim midwives : the craft of birthing in the premodern middle east
As we watch another agonizing attempt to shift the future of health care in the United States, we are reminded of the longevity of this crisis, and how firmly entrenched we are in a system that doesn't work. Witches, Midwives, and Nurses, first published by The Feminist Press in 1973, is an essential book about the corruption of the medical establishment and its historic roots in witch hunters. In this new edition, Barbara Ehrenreich and Deirdre English have written an entirely new chapter that delves into the current fascination with and controversies about witches, exposing our fears and fantasies. They build on their classic exposé on the demonization of women healers and the political and economic monopolization of medicine. This quick history brings us up-to-date, exploring today's changing attitudes toward childbirth, alternative medicine, and modern-day witches.
The reluctant midwife : a Hope River novel
Sisters of the East End : the real stories of the Sisters who inspired Call the midwife
Anatomy and physiology applied to obstetrics
Midwifery : best practice volume 4
Heart & hands : a midwife's guide to pregnancy & birth
Mayes' midwifery : a textbook for midwives
Nursing the neonate
Labor and delivery nursing : a guide to evidence-based practice  / by Michelle L. Murray and Gayle M. Huelsmann
Supporting women for labour and birth : a thoughtful guide
Linking research and practice in midwifery : a guide to evidence-based practice
"Ina May Gaskin, America's leading midwife, shares her exceptional birthing wisdom in this intuitive guide to childbirth. By sharing a wealth of knowledge generated by three decades of experience she explains why the natural birthing process, when left to its own devices, can proceed so beautifully on its own. In this invaluable book Ina May teaches you: what really happens during labour; how to create a safe, comfortable environment for birth in any setting; tips for maximising your chances of an unmedicated labour and birth; the risks of anaesthesia and caesareans; and, what your doctor doesn't necessarily tell you." / Kustantajan kuvaus.
Delivered at home
