http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4669 Orthodox
Orthodox
On the prayer of Jesus
Orthodox Christians in the late Ottoman Empire : a study of communal relations in Anatolia
Orthodox Christians and Islam in the postmodern age
Eastern Orthodox encounters of identity and otherness : values, self-reflection, dialogue
Encounter between eastern orthodoxy and radical orthodoxy : transfiguring the world through the Word
Empirical dogmatics of the Orthodox Catholic Church : according to the spoken teaching of father John Romanides. Vol. 1, Dogma, ethics, revelation : critical presentation
The social values of Christianity in the area of politics and the contribution of the Interparliamentary Assembly on Orthodoxy (I.A.O.) for raising such values : essys
A collection of russian metal icons
Sacred stories : religion and spirituality in modern Russia
State secularism and lived religion in Soviet Russia and Ukraine
A Lenten cookbook for Orthodox Christians
New Orthodox immigration in Finland
The encounter of the orthodox and lutheran original population with the evacuees in North Karelia
Christians in Egypt : Orthodox, Catholic, and Protestant communities, past and present
The home, the sacred order and domestic chores in premodern Russian Orthodox Karelia
"This is an engaging multidisciplinary introduction to the worldwide spread and impact of Christianity. Bringing together chapters from leading scholars in history, sociology, anthropology, and religious studies, this book examines the major transformations in contemporary societies brought about through the influence of Christianity. Each chapter shows how the broad themes within Christianity have been adopted and adapted by Christian demoninations within each major region of the world. So, the book paints a global picture of the impact of Christianity, enriched by detailed historic and ethnographic material for each particular region. Throughout, the chapters examine Protestant, Evangelical, Catholic and Orthodox forms of Christianity. However, the approach is non-theological, focusing on the impact of and response to Christianity, rather than questions of faith. The combination of broader perspectives and deep analysis of particular regions, illuminating the social, cultural, political, and religious features of changes brought about by Christianity, makes this book essential reading for students of world Christianity"--
The icon
Ethiopian art : the Walters Art Museum
Essays on Orthodox Christian-Jewish relations
Porvoo Common Statement from an Orthodox perspective
In this work, leading scholars compare the differences and points of intersection between the growing Radical Orthodoxy (RO) movement and the Reformed tradition. This timely discussion deals with many of the hot topics currently being debated in theological and philosophical circles, including the material world's participation in transcendence, aesthetics, politics, covenant, and cultural theory. It represents an emerging willingness among proponents of RO to examine and engage the Dutch Reformed tradition, and also reflects the growing influence of RO on the Reformed tradition. This book will be enjoyed by scholars concerned with the intersection between RO and the Reformed tradition. A companion book to Smith's recently published Introducing Radical Orthodoxy, it will also be of interest to students of philosophy and theology.
Singing the right way : orthodox Christians and secular enchantment in Estonia
Nationalism and orthodoxy : two thematic studies on national ideologies and their interaction with the church
Eesti vanausulised : väike kirikuloo teatmik = Starovery Èstonii : kratkij istoričeskij očerk = The old believers of Estonia : a brief historical survey
Essays on the thought and philosophy of Rabbi Kook
Abstract in english.
Introducing world Christianity
Crimea : the last crusade
Keeping the faith : Syriac Christian diasporas
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 41, 2005
The future of love : essays in political theology
Orthodoxy in Finland : past and present
Orthodox identities in western Europe : migration, settlement, and innovation
The mountain of silence : a search for Orthodox spirituality
"Feeding the dead" : women "doing" religion and kinship in traditional Russian Orthodox Karelia
International perspectives on pilgrimage studies : itineraries, gaps, and obstacles
Shaping ethnic identities : ethnic minorities in Northern and East Central European states and communities, c. 1450-2000
In this book, the author utilizes anthropological research to analyze both macro and micro social processes among secular and Orthodox Jews in Israel. She covers such complex issues as the tensions between the two groups and the radicalization of Israeli Jewish Orthodoxy in the last thirty years. The book also delves into micro social processes such as the long and tortured journey of Israeli religious dissidents and the role of non-governmental organizations in helping these dissidents adapt to secular society. In addition, she discusses the symbolic and ritual paraphernalia that dissidents must become familiar with in order to be successful in their new lives as secular Jews. Jewish Orthodoxy and Its Discontents approaches the phenomenon of religious dissidence within the Jewish Israeli Orthodoxy through the lens of the inverse phenomenon : religious conversion to Jewish Orthodoxy. This outlook is based on theoretical ground as both events constitute a radical change of the ideology of both the social actors and the social structures they have abandoned. --from back cover.
Deconstructing radical orthodoxy : postmodern theology, rhetoric, and truth
A genealogy of nihilism : philosophies of nothing and the difference of theology
The spiritual meadow : Pratum spirituale
Jewish Orthodoxy and its discontents : religious dissidence in contemporary Israel
Sense of religion : the lifelong religious practice of the evacuee Karelian orthodox women in Finland
Justinian and the making of the Syrian Orthodox Church
Particular law = Partikularrecht
The globalization of Hesychasm and the Jesus prayer : contesting contemplation
State Secularism and Lived Religion in Soviet Russia and Ukraine is a collection of essays written by a broad cross-section of scholars from around the world that explores the myriad forms religious expression and religious practice took in Soviet society in conjunction with the Soviet government's commitment to secularization. The implementation of secularizing policies invariably shaped the forms of religious expression that emerged in Soviet Russian and Soviet Ukraine. Religious practices across confessional groups over time reflect the waves of intensification and relaxation of repressive practices. During the post-world War II period, which most of the essays in this volume address, repressive tactics shifted from raw coercion and violence to propaganda and agitation as the main means to suppress religious practice and belief in the public sphere. Unlike other studies that have focused on such forms of repression, the authors in this volume consider how some communities and individual believers were able to adapt their practices and beliefs to the social, political, and ideological constraints of Soviet society so as to pursue their beliefs. The volume thus offers a new perspective on Soviet secularization that moves beyond the formation of policies and decrees to consider two additional dimensions. First, the essays engage how governing mandates to suppress religion and promote a secular society were experienced by believers. Second, this approach allows the authors to illustrate the variety of secularizing polices and how they were invariably implemented across regions, over time, and in response to perceptions of local religious practice. By considering the intersection of religious practice and Soviet secularizing policies, this collection expands our understanding of religiosity in the region and illustrates how specific denominations and the believers within them adapted to the conditions set by socialist modernity.
'Remembering God' through religious habits : the daily religious practices of evacuee Karelian orthodox women
A year of Russian feasts
Radical Orthodoxy and the Reformed tradition : creation, covenant, and participation
Treasures of the orthodox church museum in Finland
History of the Karelian Orthodox families in Suojärvi, 1500-1939
The major feasts of the Orthodox Church
Orthodoxy : evolving tradition
Christian orthodoxy
Emperor Sigismund and the Orthodox world
12 windows on orthodoxy in Finland
The Orthodox Christian world
Distant sisters : the women i left behind
"I was both Lutheran and Orthodox" : evacuee Karelian Orthodox women, bidenominational families, and the making of religion
When hearts become flame : an Eastern Orthodox approach to the dia-logos of pastoral counseling
Abba : the tradition of Orthodoxy in the West : festschrift for Bishop Kallistos (Ware) of Diokleia
Multiple moralities and religions in post-Soviet Russia
Old Believers in a changing world
Spiritual kinship in Europe, 1500-1900
Boundaries of Judaism
The authors in this volume analyze spiritual kinship in Europe from the end of the Middle Ages to the Industrial Age. Uniquely comparing Catholic, Protestant and Orthodox views and practices, the chapters look at changes in theological thought over time as well as in social customs related to spiritual kinship, including godparenthood.
"Each chapter ends with a list of practical ideas any parent might try to help cultivate character qualities such as attentiveness and silence .... This workbook will help parents, teachers, and all caregivers provide and environment that helps develop Orthodox attitudes toward self, others, the world and Christ"--P. 4 of cover.
The radical orthodoxy reader
Walking in wonder : nurturing Orthodox Christian virtues in your children
Modes of religiosity in Eastern Christianity : religious processes and social change in Ukraine
Holy rollers
Disobedience
Two traditions, one space : Orthodox Christians and Muslims in dialogue
