http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4665 Columbidae
Columbidae doves
How to heal a broken wing
ICRISAT pigeonpea germplasm catalog: Evaluation and analysis
Iconografia degli uccelli d'Italia = Iconography of Italian birds. Vol. 3, Gruiformes, Charadriiformes, Pterocliformes, Columbiformes, Cuculiformes, Strigiformes, Caprimulgiformes, Apodiformes, Coraciiformes, Piciformes
Grandmother's pigeon
Accumulation of calcium in the stratum corneum of the rock pigeon (Columba livia) : storage or secretion?
Factors influencing the bird community of urban wooded streets along an annual cycle
History of Domestic and Federal Pigeons (Columba livia) in Finland before 1900 A.D
Don't let the Pigeon drive the bus!
Rufous turtle dove Streptopelia orientalis meena in Lieksa, 16.-17.5.2006 : first observation for North Karelia and second spring sighting for Finland
Physiological and morphological aspects of cutaneous water evaporation in the Rock Pigeon (Columba livia) in a hot and dry environment
The ecology of wood pigeons (Columbia palumbus L.) and stock doves(C. oenas L.) in Finland ; The ecology of wood pigeon (Columba palumbus L.) and stock dove (C. oenas L.) populations on an island in the SW Finnish archipelago
Don't let the pigeon drive the bus!
Pigeonpea and chickpea insect identification handbook
BSAVA manual of exotic pets : a foundation manual
Pigeon racing
The global pigeon
Vegetable pigeonpea : a promising crop for India
A pigeon and a boy
The pigeonpea
The London pigeon wars
Adaptive changes in the epidermal structure of the heat-acclimated rock pigeon (Columba livia) : a comparative electron microscopy study
Pigeon is very angry when the duckling gets a cookie just by asking politely.
The duckling gets a cookie!?
Energetics and body temperature regulation in two convergent dove species from extreme habitats
Manual of raptors, pigeons and waterfowl
Standardization of roadside counts of columbids in Puerto Rico and on Vieques Island
Fly, pigeon, fly!
Pigeons and doves : a guide to the pigeons and doves of the world
Research on grain legumes in Eastern and Central Africa : summary proceedings of the Consultative group meeting for Eastern and Central African regional research on grain legumes, 8-10 December 1986, International Livestock Centre for Africa, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
Effects of simulated primary moult on pigeon flight
Cooling by cutaneous water evaporation in the heat-acclimated rock pigeon (Columba livia)
ICRISAT pigeonpea germplasm catalog: Passport information
Don't let the pigeon stay up late!
Local action of exogenous nitric oxide (NO) on the skin blood flow of rock pigeons (Columba livia) is affected by acclimation and skin site
Adaptation of chickpea and pigeonpea to abiotic stresses : proceedings of the Consultants' workshop held at ICRISAT Center, India, 19-21 December 1984.
When the doves disappeared
Caring for your pet bird : a practical handbook
Ruthenium red reveals a lamellar water barrier in the skin of the cold-acclimated pigeon (Columba livia)
Cutaneous water evaporation in the heat-acclimated rock-pigeon (Columba livia) - physiological and biochemical aspects
The duckling gets a cookie?
Tales from the Clans
Casper Candlewacks in Death by Pigeon!
Proceedings of the International workshop on pigeonpeas : ICRISAT Center, Patancheru India 15-19 December 1980. 2
Chicken & other birds : from the perfect roast chicken to Asian-style duck breasts
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Pigeonpeas : ICRISAT Center, Patancheru, India 15-19 December 1980. 1
Current ornithology. Vol. 9
