http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4668 Christianity (religions)
Christianity (religions)
Problem of Christianity. Lectures delivered at the Lowell Institute in Boston and at Manchester College, Oxford. (volume 2)
Why I am not a Christian : four conclusive reasons to reject the faith
Christianity : an introduction
Jesus : a very short introduction
Science and Christian tradition : essays
The mountain behind the mountain : aspects of the Celtic tradition
eBook Religion Collection
Krsna and Christ : in the light of some of the fundamental concepts and themes of the Bhagavad Gita and the new Testament
The story of the Holy Land : a visual history
Europe in the High Middle Ages
The religion
Christianity and the Asian revolution
The pagan lord
Modern war and the Christian
Wine, wine-skins : wine and wine skins
The yogi and the devotee : the interplay between the Upanishads and Catholic theology
Christentum und Humanität = Christianity and Humanity
The Emmaus code : finding Jesus in the Old Testament
Christianity
The great mysteries : an essential catechism
Christianity and the African imagination : essays in honour of Adrian Hastings
ABC of christianity
Christ in Islam and Christianity : the representation of Jesus in the Qur'ān and the classical Muslim commentaries
Light of the world : the pope, the church, and the signs of the times : a conversation with Peter Seewald
More than a carpenter
Opening eyes and ears : new connections for Christian communication
Present day China
Speaks to the Indian Church : some thoughts on Christian faith and practice
The passion of Dolssa : a novel
Islam and Christianity at the crossroads
Sociology through the eyes of faith
Divine domesticity : Augustine of Thagaste to Teresa of Avi
The natural limits to biological change
The authors in this volume analyze spiritual kinship in Europe from the end of the Middle Ages to the Industrial Age. Uniquely comparing Catholic, Protestant and Orthodox views and practices, the chapters look at changes in theological thought over time as well as in social customs related to spiritual kinship, including godparenthood.
This article discusses Christian rock videos. Videos from a collection entitled Wow Hits 2002: the year's top Christian music videos are used as examples. The title of the collection declares that the videos are "Christian", and the question asked in the article is how this quality may be seen in the videos. How may the videos be seen as visual representations of Christianity? Using a semiotic framework, two possible types of such representations of Christianity in the videos are discussed. These are references to traditional christian imagery; and the style and appearance of the artists. .
The Christianisation of Latin metre : a study of Bede's De arte metrica
The little money Bible : ten laws of abundance
Not peace but a sword : The great chasm between christianity and islam
Faith and the fratricide : the theological roots of anti-semitism
God and the gay Christian : the biblical case in support of same-sex relationships
Mere Christianity
The fate of the dead : a study in folk-eschatology in the West Country after the Reformation
Foundations of Christianity
The givenness of things : essays
The secrets of the Tatar people
Christian attitudes toward war and peace : a historical survey and critical re-evaluation
God is green : Christianity and the environment
Christ - the hope of Asia : papers and minutes of the Ecumenical Study Conference for East Asia, Lucknow, India, december 27-30, 1952.
A Religious End of Metaphysics? Heidegger, Meillassoux and the Question of Fideism
Christianity in crisis?
From ritual to romance : an account of the Holy Grail from ancient ritual to Christian symbol
The problem of christianity
The Presentation of Christianity to Moslems : The Report of a Committee Appointed by the Board of Missionary Preparation
The true Christian religion : containing the universal theology of the New Church foretold by the Lord in Daniel 7. 13, 14; and in Revelation 21. 1, 2. Vol. 2, [463-851]
Dictionary of Christianity in America
Faith and fratricide : the theological roots of anti-semitism
A brief history of heaven
Envisioning Judaism : studies in honor of Peter Schäfer on the occasion of his seventieth birthday. Volume 1
The concept of God's mercy in Islam and Christianity
Communist-christian encounter in East Europe
The cultic origins of Christianity : the dynamics of religious development
Christianity : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
The true Christian religion : containing the universal theology of the New Church foretold by the Lord in Daniel 7. 13, 14; and in Revelation 21. 1, 2. Vol. 1, [1-462]
Why i am still a Christian
Christian church
Letter to the Bishops of the Catholic Church on the collaboration of men and women in the church and in the world
Proceedings of the First General Assembly of the Lutheran Church of China: held at Ki Kung Shan Honan China August 22-29 1920
Removing the anti-Judaism from the pulpit
The God delusion
The pluralistic predicament
Jesus : evidence and argument or mythicist myths?
Leadership : a publication of Christianity Today, Inc
The secret diary of Elisabeth Leseur : the woman whose goodness changed her husband from atheist to priest
Priestess of Avalon
The paganism in our Christianity
History of Protestantism in China : the indigenization of Christianity
Northlanders. Book five : Metal and other stories
The Oxford Encyclopedia of Martin Luther
The prayer life of peasant communities in late medieval Sweden : a contrast of ideals and practices
Christianity without absolutes
Christian basics : what Muslims ask Christians
Millennium : the end of the world and the forging of Christendom
The cross : its history & symbolism : an account of the symbol more universal in its use and more important in its significance than any other in the world
The women's land rights movement, customary law and religion in Tanzania
To be a Christian in Finland : a guidebook to confirmation for immigrants and Finnish expatriates
The golden legend : selections
Who are we now? : Christian humanism and the global market from Hegel to Heaney
Da Vinci's last commission : the most sensational detective story in the history of art
Unglued : making wise choices in the midst of raw emotions
Christian communication reconsidered
World cultures and world regions : the coming dialogue
Christian religion in the Soviet Union : a sociological study
Early Syriac theology : with special reference to the Maronite tradition
Heaven is for real : a little boy's astounding story of his trip to heaven and back
Standing on Earth : selected essays
The flame bearer
The problem of Christianity
Through the eye of a needle : wealth, the fall of Rome, and the making of Christianity in the West, 350-550 AD
Experiments with man : report of an ecumenical consultation
Christianity and the New Africa
The Christ, psychotherapy and magic : a Christian appreciation of occultism
In mid-thirteenth century Provence, Dolssa de Stigata is a fervently religious girl who feels the call to preach, condemned by the Inquisition as an "unnatural woman," and hunted by the Dominican Friar Lucien who fears a resurgence of the Albigensian heresy; Botille is a matchmaker trying to protect her sisters from being branded as gypsies or witches--but when she finds the hunted Dolssa dying on a hillside, she feels compelled to protect her, a decision that may cost her everything.
The testament
The story of the Christian Church in India and Pakistan
The black madonna
The tears of Lady Meng : a parable of people's political theology
Visual representations of Christianity in Christian music videos
The blood gospel
Fear and trembling : dialectical lyric by Johannes De Silentio
Minutes of proceedings second general assembly of the far eastern council of christian churches : Karuizawa, Japan : July 26 - Aug. 2, 1953
The history of Christianity
Antisemitism and the foundations of Christianity
The City of God. [Vol. I]
Wicca and the Christian heritage : ritual, sex, and magic
The faith of St. Nick : an advent devotional
God is rice : Asian culture and Christian faith
Christianity in independent Africa
AIDS : a Christian handbook
The complete C.S. Lewis Signature classics
For God's sake : religion, atheism and why I gave them up
Without rival : embrace your identity and purpose in an age of confusion and comparison
Paul and his interpreters : a critical history
Relativism and religion : why democratic societies do not need moral absolutes
The economy and livelihoods of the early Christian monasteries in Palestine
God and modernity  : a new and better way to do theology
The good heart : a Buddhist perspective on the teachings of Jesus
The man in the mirror : solving the 24 problems men face
The Christ and the faiths
The Old English metrical calendar (Menologium)
A severe mercy
The Bible as history
Atlas of the Christian Church
Studies in the Coptic Manichaean psalm-book : prosody and Mandsean parallels
Massacre at Montségur : history of the Albigensian crusade
Sandals at the mosque : Christian presence amid Islam
The brand new novel in Bernard Cornwell's number one bestselling series on the making of England and the fate of his great hero, Uhtred of Bebbanburg.
The case for God : what religion really means
"A powerful message to help women break free from comparison and competition, embrace God's purpose, and realize a life without rival"--Publisher's description.
Between a man and a woman? : why conservatives oppose same-sex marriage
"Salvation from unhappines by doing one's best" : a rhetorical analysis on Joel Osteen's sermons in the light of the US culture and values
Spiritual kinship in Europe, 1500-1900
Seeking Allah, finding Jesus : a devout Muslim encounters Christianity
Risking Christ for Christ's sake
The creationists
Summary in Finnish.
The story of God
The call of the minaret
The big book of women saints
Handbook of christianity in Japan
Calvinism : a very short introduction
The end of a road
Islam and christianity
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
Stories from the Street is a theological exploration of interviews with men and women who had experienced homelessness at some stage in their lives. Framed within a theology of story and a theology of liberation, Nixon suggests that story is not only a vehicle for creating human transformation but it is one of God's chosen means of effecting change. Short biographies of twelve characters are examined under themes including: crises in health and relationships, self-harm and suicide, anger and pain, God and the Bible. Expanding the existing literature of contextual theology, this book provides an alternative focus to a church-shaped mission by advocating with, and for, a very marginal group; suggesting that their experiences have much to teach the church. Churches are perceived as being active in terms of pastoral work, but reluctant to ask more profound questions about why homelessness exists at all. A theology of homelessness suggests not just a God of the homeless, but a homeless God, who shares stories and provides hope. Engaging with contemporary political and cultural debates about poverty, housing and public spending, Nixon presents a unique theological exploration of homeless people, suffering, hope and the human condition.
Christianity in the Soviet Union : an annotated bibliography and list of articles : works in English
Passional culture : emotion, religion, and society in southern Spain
Early Buddhism and Christianity : a comparative study of the founders' authority, the community and the discipline
Innocent Blood
Christianity, diplomacy and war
The beginnings of christianity : Essene mystery, gnostic revelation and the christian vision
Le milieu divin : an essay on the interior life
The role of religion in marriage and family counselingIntroducing second language acquisition
The Dead Sea deception
Christianity through non-Christian eyes
Judaism and other religions : models of understanding
Doubts and loves : what is left of Christianity
"The patron saint of atheists or the reception of Machiavelli"
I sold my soul on eBay : viewing faith through an atheist's eyes
Blood weddings : the Knanaya Christians of Kerala
Christianity in Africa
The cult of the saints : its rise and function in Latin Christianity
The book of strange new things
...and on earth peace : documents of the first All-Christian Peace Assembly, Prague, 13th-18th June 1961.
Confronting Confucian understandings of the Christian Doctrine of Salvation : a systematic theological analysis of the basic problems in the Confucian-Christian dialogue
Chinese conversion to Christianity
The word of the cross to hindus
Summaries
Christian reflections
Stories from the street : a theology of homelessness
Season's greetings: a special issue for immigrants
Uninvited study guide : living loved when you feel less than, left out, and lonely
According to Mary : [the life of Mary Magdalene : a novel]
