http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4661 preservability
preservability
Quality and shelf life of packaged fresh sliced mushrooms stored at two different temperatures
Respiration rate and ethylene production of fresh cut lettuce as affected by cutting grade
The post-harvest treatment of fruit and vegetables : controlled atmosphere storage of fruit and vegetables : COST 94 : proceedings of Workshop, April 22-23, 1993, Milan, Italy
Dressed to fill : producing and filling PET bottles
Effects of storage condotions on quality properties of stone fruits
The phytotoxic effects and biodegradability of stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester
Trissel's stability of compounded formulations
Postharvest : an introduction to the physiology and handling of fruit, vegetables and ornamentals
Insect pests and fresh horticultural products: treatments and responses
An experiment was conducted to compare a bunker silo sealing system comprising an oxygen barrier film (OB: 45μm thickness) with protective woven polypropylene with one comprising standard black polyethylene film (S; 125μm thickness) with protective tyres. Analysis of samples taken to 30 cm depth after 365 days of storage showed no differences in pH or lactic acid between the two sealing systems. There were no differences in aerobic bacterial count between silages. Whilst 2.56 log10 CFU moulds g-1 fresh weight were found in samples of silage sealed with S, no moulds were found in samples of silage sealed with OB. Aerobic stability, averaged 249 hours and 184 hours for OB and S, respectively. The OB system probably inhibited the development of the micro-organisms responsible for the initiation of aerobic deterioration to a greater extent than the standard silo sealing system.
Effects of some processing techniques on the functional properties of winged bean seed flours
Oxidation of steryl esters
Studies on preservation, capacitation and fertility of dog spermatozoa
Classifying apples by the means of fluorescence imaging
Croplife-B with nitrous oxide or carbon dioxide extends shelf life of green beans (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) at ambient temperatures
Prolonged survival of Puumala hantavirus outside the host : evidence for indirect transmission via the environment
Pests of stored products and their control
Oxygen transmission rate of packages : analysis and effect on the oxidative stability of extruded oat = Oksygengjennomgang i emballasje : målemetoder og effekt på oksidativ harskning i ekstrudert havre
Food additives to extend shelf life
The backyard homestead
Heat treatments for postharvest pest control : theory and practice
Bacterial spoilage process in bread during storage : studies on the microbiology and the chemical changes in 'ropy' and 'slimy' barley bread
Dehulling capacity and storability of naked oat
Microbial status, aerobic stability and fermentation of maize silage sealed with an oxygen barrier film or standard polyethylene film
Food storage stability
Caring for Photographs : Display - Storage - Restoration : Life Library of Photography
Smartpackaging has business opportunites
Container opening design for horticultural produce cooling efficiency
Retail packaging of fresh fish
Modified atmosphere-based technology to extend the shelf life of pasteurized milk during cold storage
Research Centre for Textile Conservation and Textile Studies (AHRC) : The future of the 20th century: : collecting, interpreting and conserving modern materials : postprints second annual conference 26-28 July 2005
Summary.
Proceedings of the IIIrd International Conference on Postharvest and Quality Management of Horticultural Products of Interest for Tropical Regions : "Postharvest Technological Initiatives to Improve Food Security and Market Access", Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago, July 1-5, 2013
Croplife-B is said by the manufacturer to stimulate the production of phytoalexins and to reduce fungal growth in sprayed plants. To investigate the effects of Croplife-B preharvest sprays and increased postharvest carbon dioxide (CO₂) and nitrous oxide (N₂O) concentration on pod quality and shelf life, off-season green bean plants, winter-grown in the warm Jordan Valley, were sprayed twice at a rate of 270 ml/ha Croplife-B. Green bean pods were kept after harvest in 100 kPa N₂O, 20 kPa CO₂ or 60 g dry ice (frozen CO₂) in 120-litre barrels for twenty days. Results indicated that Croplife-B accelerated the production time and reduced mold appearance and development during and after storage when used alone or in combination with CO₂, N₂O or dry ice treatments. Croplife-B did not affect firmness, total soluble solids, pH, titratable acidity, color, volume or moisture-content loss of green bean pods stored at 23-16 degrees C, maximum-minimum ambient temperatures and 88% relative humidity. Nitrous oxide and CO₂ treatments resulted in decreased water loss from the pods and maintained regular pod shape throughout the storage period, with N₂O being the most efficient treatment. Nitrous oxide and CO₂ resulted in improved bean pod coloration at the end of storage time. Firmness and titratable acidity decreased while the pH increased more when beans were treated with N₂O and CO₂ during the storage period than in the dry ice treatment or control. White mold did not appear for 20 days on pods treated with N₂O and CO₂ when stored at 16-23 degrees C and 88% relative humidity. With dry ice treatment the white mold appeared at 10 days of storage. Dry ice treatment reduced the appearance of mold, maintaining it at under 50% for 20 days. The beneficial effect of N₂O and CO₂, coupled with Croplife, in inhibiting the mold continued for 10 days after the bean pods were removed from storage on Day 20. The results of these experiments are consistent with Croplife-B acting as an elicitor of phytoalexins.
Shelf life studies of foods and beverages : chemical, biological, physical and nutritional aspects
Factors affecting Agrobacterium-mediated genetic transformation in fruit and nut crops : an overview
An optimized method for thermal diffusivity measurement of peeled off fruits and vegetables
Data drift : archiving media and data art in the 21st century / [editor in chief: Rasa Smite ; editing: Robert Buckmaster ; scientific editors: Rasa Smite ... [et al.] ]
Benefits and potential risks of the lactoperoxidase system of raw milk preservation : report of an FAO/WHO technical meeting, FAO headquarters, Rome, 28 November - 2 December 2005.
Alicyclobacıllus : thermophilic acidophilic bacilli
Studies on the permanence of the silver image of modern photographic papers
Long-term ageing of concrete structures in Finnish rock caverns as application facilities for low- and intermediate-level nuclear waste
Biochemical deterioration of soybean daddawa : a condiment
QIM (Quality Index Method) assessment of cod and Norway lobster caught by various fishing methods
Effect of several packaging films on biochemical characteristics and microbiological counts of shredded cabbage at different storage conditions
Principles of modified-atmosphere and sous vide product packaging
Preservation of electronic formats & electronic formats for preservation
Adenosine triphosphate breakdown products as a freshness indicator of some fish species and fish products
Papers presented at the eighth session of the Indo-Pacific Fishery Commission Working Party on Fish Technology and Marketing, Yogjakarta, Indonesia, 24-27 September 1991.
Future prospects of biofouling and biocides, Helsinki, Finland, 13-14 June 1996
Solubility and diffusion of CO[sub 2] into fish : and the effect of CO[sub 2] and temperature on the storage quality of fresh Atlantic salmon
Apples cv. Granny Smith were harvested at mature stage, and treatments with 325 and 650 ppb of 1-methylcyclopropene (1-MCP) and 1800 and 1000 mg l⁻¹ of diphenylamine (DPA) were done to investigate the effects on quality parameters, comparing with control fruits during eight months of cold storage at 0 degrees C and 85-90% RH. The results showed that 1-MCP treatments dramatically decreased the internal ethylene concentration and allowed to maintain the fruit firmness comparing the control. Moreover, both doses of 1-MCP were effective on protecting the color and acidity. The scald symptoms were controlled by both DPA and 1-MCP treatments better than control. The results showed that 650 and 325 ppb 1-MCP treatments protected overall quality better than DPA and control treatments during eight months of storage. Therefore, it is a recommendable application dose for the Granny Smith apple variety.
Proceedings of the XIth International Pear Symposium : Patagonia, Argentina November 23-26, 2010
Effects of climatic and nutritional factors on flowering, growth, and keeping quality of Eustoma grandiflorum (Raf.) Shinn
Improving the thermal processing of foods
Studies on postharvest calcium chloride application on storage behaviour and quality of Asian pear during cold storage
Proceedings of the Europe-Asia Symposium on Qualitya Management in Postharvest Systems (Eurasia 2007) : Bankok, Thailand, December 3-6, 2007
Effect of temperature on storage properties, dormancy, soluble sugar content and α-galactosidase activity of seven new potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) cultivars
Preserving our documentary heritage : the case for permanent paper
Impact dehulling oat grain to improve quality of on-farm produced feed. 2, Groat breakage and storability
Catering solutions : for the culinary student, foodservice operator, and caterer
Hurdle technologies : combination treatments for food stability, safety and quality
Bacteriocins and protective cultures as contributing factors to improving safety and preservation of meat and products : a literature review
Fresh : a perishable history
Use of nisin and lactic acid/lactate to improve the microbial and sensory quality of rainbow throuth products
Inhibition of chilling injury and quality changes in pineapple fruit with prestorage heat treatment
Proceedings of the IIIth International Confference Postharvest Unlimited 2008 : Berlin, Germany November 5-7, 2008
Stability of hospital pharmacy-prepared analgesic mixtures administered by a continuous infusion
Storage of spruce pulpwood for mechanical pulping. Part 1, Effects on wood properties and industrially produced pulp
Linking demography with dispersal and habitat selection for species conservation
The influence of thermoforming method, drawing depth and polymer combinations on packaging material properties and thereby storage stability of selected food products = Effekt av termoformingsmetode, trekkdybde og polymer-kombinasjon på emballasjematerialers egenskaper og holdbarhet av utvalgte næringsmidler
Fresh novel foods by high pressure, Helsinki, Finland, 21-22 September, 1998
α-Aminooxi-β-phenylpropionic acid controls phenylalanine ammonia lyase gene expression during storage of asparagus spears
New insights into the viability of probiotic bacteria
Motility and viability of fractionated stallion ejaculates after cooled storage for 24 h.
Drying technology in agriculture and food sciences
1-Methylcyclopropene effects on quality parameters of long term stored apples cv. Granny Smith
Destructive preservation : a review of the effect of standard preservation practices on the future use of natural history collections
Microbiology, fermentation and shelf-life extension of togwa, a Tanzanian indigenous food
Anxious appetites : food and consumer culture
Shelf life of meat and meat products : quality aspects, chemistry, microbiology, technology
Physiology of seed deterioration : proceedings of a symposium sponsored by Divisions C-2 and C-4 of the Crop Science Society of America in Las Vegas, NV, 28 Nov. 1984
Shelf-life extension with solid enrichment and water encapsulation of fruits
VTT research programme on minimal processing : final report
The aim of the present work was to find out the most suitable method for thermal diffusivity measurement of peeled off fruits and vegetables. Three methods reported in the literature, have been examined. One of them is finite difference method, which needs temperature-time measurements at three equidistant locations in the food flesh. Another method is the well-known Riedel correlation, which determines thermal diffusivity of food item from its water content. The third method is based on the empirical correlation of the present author and his co-workers and reported earlier. Peeled off fresh potato, cucumber, apple and orange samples were exposed to chilled air blast cooling, and temperature-time records were made at five equidistant locations starting from center and at equal distances of 1/5th the distance between the center and the outer surface. Collected data was used to estimate thermal diffusivity values by the first and the third methods. The second method was also used to calculate thermal diffusivity from measured water content of the produce. After thorough investigations, it was concluded that the third method was most reliable when temperature records at the center were used.
Evidence preserved in corrosion products : new fields in artifact studies
Seed aging : implications for seed storage and persistence in the soil
Parameters for the detection of post-harvest quality in fresh or transformed horticultural crops
Abstract: Applicability of oxygen absorbers and gas emitters in food packages.
The aims of this study were to determine the phytotoxicity of stored rapeseed (Brassica rapa) oil (RSO) and rapeseed oil methyl ester (RME) after "spill like" contamination on the growth of barley (Hordeum vulgare) and the biodegradability of these substances in OECD 301F test conditions and in ground water. Rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester were both stored for a period of time and their fuel characteristics (e.g. acid number) had changed from those set by the fuel standards and are considered to have an effect on its biodegradation. The phytotoxicity was tested using two different types of barley cultivars: "Saana" and "Vilde". The phytotoxic effect on the barley varieties was determined, after the growth season, by measuring the total biomass growth and the mass of 1000 kernels taken from the tests plots. Also visual inspection was used to determine what the effects on the barley growth were. These measurements suggest that both RSO and RME have a negative impact on barley sprouts and therefore the total growth of the barley. RSO and RME both decreased the total amount of harvested phytomass. The weight of 1000 kernels increased with low concentrations of these contaminants and high contamination levels reduced the mass of the kernels. The results of these experiments suggest that the stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester are both phytotoxic materials and therefore will cause substantial loss of vegetation in the case of a fuel spill. The RSO and RME biodegraded effectively in the measurement period of 28 days under OECD test conditions: the degree of biodegradation being over 60%. The biodegradation in the ground water was much slower: the degree of biodegradation being about 10% after 28 days.
Food packaging and shelf life : a practical guide
The hygienic and economical problems in milk collection and marketing in Western Kenya
Minimal processing of foods : Kirkkonummi, Finland, 14-15 April, 1994
Role of lipid reactions in quality of oat products
Apple fruit softening under controlled atmosphere : the potential role of cell wall enzymes
Salivary antibodies to capsular polysaccharides induced by polysaccharide-protein conjugate vaccines in infants
On the dynamics of renewable resource harvesting and optimal pollution control
Quality deterioration of Malaysian Patin fish during cold storage
The effect of leakage on the quality of gas-packed foodstuffs and the leak detection
Postharvest quality response of broccoli florets to combined application of 1-methylcyclopropene and modified atmosphere packaging
Enhanced antibacterial action of bacteriocin producing cells by binding to the target pathogen
Ripening of olives var. Correggiolo : modification of oxidative stability of oils during fruit ripening and oil storage
Uptake of air pollutants by paper
Isolation and identification of rainbow trout spoiling microbiota
On the soluble nitrogen fraction of barrel-salted herring and semi-preserves during ripening
Cyclodextrins in fast-dissolving drug formulations for intraoral administration
Effect of storage time and temperature on stability of bioactive compounds in aseptically packed beverages prepared from rose hips and sea buckthorn berries
Rose hips and sea buckthorn berries contain high amounts of beneficial bioactive compounds. In this study the content and stability of natural vitamins and antioxidants were investigated in two fruit beverages made from rose hip powder, sea buckthorn berry purée and white grape juice concentrate, and wheat germ oil in one of the beverages. Beverages were formulated, pasteurised and filled aseptically in Tetra Brik packages and stored up to 35 days at 4 °C or 22 °C. Samples were analysed for the content of ascorbic acid, carotenoids, major phenolics, tocochromanols, total phenols and total antioxidant capacity as ferric reducing ability. The largest changes occurred during the first 5 days of storage, thereafter mainly ascorbic acid decreased. In the wheat germ oil supplemented beverage, α-tocopherol was more rapidly degraded. Negative correlations between the decrease of some carotenoids and tocochromanols, and the increase of some phenolics, suggest relationships of redox reactions specific to the amount of oil supplemented. From the present study we can conclude that additions of oil to beverages should be carefully selected to avoid oxidations of bioactive compounds. Furthermore, packaging of the beverages should be carried out at higher temperatures and thereafter it should be stored at low temperatures (4 °C), which decreased oxidation of all bioactive compounds except ascorbic acid..
Freshness and shelf life of goods
Formation processes in underwater archaeology : a study of chemical and biological deterioration
Proceedings of the International Conference on Quality Management of Fresh Cut Produce : QMFCP2007 : Bangkok, Thailand, August 6-8, 2007
Preservation and storage of grains, seeds and their by-products : cereals, oilseeds, pulses and animal feed
Color atlas of postharvest quality of fruits and vegetables
Abstract.
Proceedings of the Southeast Asia Symposium on Quality Management in Postharvest Systems in Conjunction with Asia-Pasific Symposium on Postharvest Quality Management of Root and Tuber Crops : Bangkok, Thailand February 21-24, 2012
Cyclodextrins in peptide delivery : in vitro studies for injectable and inhaled formulations
Food biodeterioration and preservation
Laboratory medicine is under constant pressure from changes in the operating environment. Organisational changes and tendering processes have led to a trend towards shorter turn-around times and more cost-effective choices. Analysis tools that were previously only available at research laboratories, such as the mass spectrometer and polymerace chain reaction (PCR), have now made their way to university hospital laboratories and even mid-sized laboratories. Organisational changes have increased the need to monitor the pre-analytical steps. The specimen can be drawn from the patient in a satellite laboratory, which may be located several hours from the central laboratory. The increased transportation times may change the analytical properties of the specimens, which is why the stability of different analytes should be investigated thoroughly in different temperatures. It should be born in mind that doctors are treating the patients based on the results they receive from the laboratory. To avoid possible malpractice, the analytical properties should remain reliable. Traditionally, some analyses have been carried out manually, which is known to be time-consuming and carries the possibility of wide intra-observatory mistakes. For that reason, it would be reasonable to perform some manual analyses, such as body fluid analysis, in an automated manner. Automating the manual steps taken in the laboratory would release labour for other tasks and may increase the cost-effectiveness of the work. Organisational changes have redirected the needs of a clinical laboratory towards automated options instead of manual ones and finding more economically-based alternatives to replace or complement traditional methods.
Postharvest biology and biotechnology
Supervising food safety : a text for level 3 food safety courses and a reference for supervisors
Evaluation of new laboratory methods for routine use
VTT research programme on minimal processing : evaluation report
Bacteria, yeasts and molds in the home
Effects of heat treatments on the quality of miniature golden apples (Spondias cytherea Sonn) during low temperature storage
Introduction to food process engineering
Pre- and postharvest development of carrot yield and quality
Texture characteristics of carrots as affected by storage temperature and duration
Shelf life evaluation of foods
Towards precision food packaging by optimization
Gas packaging of chilled meat products and ready-to-eat foods
The bacterial flora and keepability of Finnish frankfurters
Introduction to peptides and proteins
Understanding and measuring the shelf-life of food
Shelf life testing of chilled foods : a list of references
European directory of acid-free and permanent book paper = Répertoire européen des papiers d'édition sans acide et permanents
Prevention of post-harvest food losses : fruits, vegetables and root crops : a training manual
Broccoli is rich in health-promoting compounds such as ascorbic acid and glucosinolates. However, amount of such compounds inevitably decrease along with the storage. This study was conducted to investigate the effects of 1-methylcyclopropene (1-MCP) and Modified Atmosphere Packaging (MAP) treatments alone or in combination on postharvest life and quality of broccoli heads during cold storage. MAP and 1-MCP+MAP significantly reduced weight loss, delayed surface color changes and chlorophyll breakdown, maintained visual quality, ascorbic acid, total phenol, soluble solid contents and titratable acidity compared with control as well as 1-MCP treatment. In 1-MCP plus MAP treated florets, approximate 47% and more chlorophyll and 24% more total phenol contents were found compared to control florets. 1-MCP plus MAP application better performed in maintaining the quality of broccoli florets during 28-day-storage. Overall results revealed that combined treatment can be recommended for commercial broccoli storage at 0 °C.
Mixed culture pre-ferments of lactic and propionic acid bacteria for baking
The complete book of cut flower care
Introduction to biodeterioration
"The importance of packaging hardly needs stressing since only a handful of foods are sold in an unpackaged state. With an increasing focus on sustainability and cost-effectiveness, responsible companies no longer want to over-package their food products, yet many remain unsure just where reductions can effectively be made. Food Packaging and Shelf Life: A Practical Guide provides package developers with the information they need to specify just the right amount of protective packaging to maintain food quality and maximize shelf life. Current food packaging must take into consideration the biochemical, chemical, physical, and biological changes that occur during processing, distribution, and storage. Organized according to chapters devoted to specific food products, this practical handbook defines - for the first time - the indices of failure for foods as diverse as milk, fruits, bottled water, juices, vegetables, fish, and beef. It discusses the deteriorative reactions for each and reviews how different packaging materials may influence time to failure and thus shelf life."--Publisher's description.
Effect of pesticides on long-term survival of Steinernema feltiae in the field
Control of lipid oxidation and fungal spoilage of roasted peanut (Arachis hypogea) using the spice Aframomum danielli
Quality of sapote andino fruits (Chupa chupa) stored under controlled atmosphere
Domestic apple cultivars : sensory descriptions and consumer responses
Survival of freeze-dryed bacteria in xylitol chewing gum
Continuous nitrogen flushing of pasteurized milk : consideration of anaerobes and sporeformers
Integrated view of fruit & vegetable quality : international multidisciplinary conference
Degradation of archaeological remains
