http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p467 inspection and revision
inspection and revision inspection revision
Performance audits in ... : annual report
Signs of hope amidst times of challenge : 9th round of national HIV serosurveillance among women attending antenatal care services at health facilities in Swaziland 2004
Most pathogens on potato have been imported into Finland via contaminated seed more than hundred years ago. The history of migration and the consequences for potato production of potato wart, blackleg and soft rot, Potato mop-top virus (PMTV) and its vector powdery scab are reviewed as examples of economically important and biologically different potato pathogens. Potato wart spread alarmingly during 1920-1960. Plant quarantine acts and the use of resistant cultivars were successful in eradicating the disease. The pathogens causing blackleg and soft rot increased rapidly in 1960-1970. Development of seed certification schemes after the end of the 1970s decreased disease incidence and made the disease insignificant other than for seed potato production. Introduction of new strains of blackleg bacteria in 2003 caused the disease again to become a considerable threat to potato production. PMTV was imported into Finland in the 1970s where it spread rapidly, especially in starch potato production. Currently it is common in all potato production except that of seed potato. The disease cannot be eradicated but contamination of clean fields can be prevented. New diseases can spread to Finland in future but population changes of existing pathogens have recently caused more problems than species completely new to Finland.
Syria from afar : how journalists in Finland and Germany cover the first YouTube war
Baltica VIII : life management and maintenance for power plants : Helsinki - Stockholm - Helsinki, 18-20 May, 2010. Vol. 1
Internal controls in banking
Internal control - integrated framework : executive summary, framework, reporting to external parties, September 1992 : addendum to "Reporting to external parties", May 1994.
Model course 3.07 : hull and structural surveys : volume 1 : course + part A of the compendium to the course
Accounting control and organizational behaviour
Contract law
Computer control and audit
Marketing Auditing Services
Internal auditing : principles and techniques
The essential guide to internal auditing
Teacher appraisal : training and implementation
Dairy industry : inspection manual
Fruits and vegetables processing industry : inspection manual
Audit reports and stock markets
Corporate governance and firm performance : auditor and board influence on company success
Study of internal controls in ERP environment : impact on the quality of financial statements: auditors’ perspective
Internal control - integrated framework : evaluation tools
Essays on earnings management in private firms
Vetting inspections on chemical tankers
Techniques and usage of AOI in mobile phone board assembly process
The effect of limiting auditors' liability on audit quality
Risk-based food inspection manual
A handbook of contact lens management
Making the best use of EU money : a landscape review of the risks to the financial management of the EU budget
Thermographic and Vibration Control Maintenance in a CHP Power Plant
Within and cross-country differences in the value relevance of fair values
Managing the internal audit : a practical handbook
Tailorability of inspection : especially for minor projects
Principles of food, beverage and labour cost controls
Rakennusten ilmanvaihto = Ventilation for buildings : rakennusten energiatehokkuus = energy performance of buildings : ilmastointijärjestelmien määräaikaistarkastusohjeet = guidelines for inspection of air-conditioning systems
Carbonated beverages industry : inspection manual
Assessment of process safety performance in Seveso establishments
Marine technical consultancy : a guide to the principles and practice of consulting marine engineering and ship surveying
Fundamental rights at airports : border checks at five international airports in the European Union
CIA review. Part 1, Internal audit role in governance, risk, and control
Internal control, risk management and internal audit in Finnish public companies
The auditor's going concern decision and alternative financial ratios
Grain milling industry : inspection manual
Report of the Fourth Interim Commission on Phytosanitary Measures : Rome, 11-15 March 2002.
This study examines development of the banking sectors in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania from 1990 onwards.While institutional and legislative developments are discussed, the main emphasis is on the development of services provided by banks. The role of banks as intermediators of capital and as providers of a system of payments is generally seen as extremely important in achieving efficiency in market economies.Related to this view are the questions of how an economy in transition evolves successfully into a market economy as well as what effects the structure and performance of the banking sector have on the transition process.The Baltic cases provide a number of valuable insights in this regard. Banks in Baltic countries have developed fairly quickly and all have encountered a banking crisis of some magnitude.At the moment, Baltic banks can be said to fulfill at least part of their role as intermediators of capital.Also payment systems are now fairly well developed.However, it is fairly clear that the evolution of these banking sectors have a long way to go. Further reduction in the number of banks seems likely as most banks are still small, capital requirements have been raised, supervision is becoming tighter and competition among banks is increasing. Key words Banking, Baltic countries, banking supervision .
Fish and fishery products are nutritious and healthy and are an important source of food and livelihood for many millions of people worldwide. Fish inspection is concerned with ensuring that the consumer has access to safe and nutritious fish and fish products, whether the fish is from domestic sources of supply, imported or to be exported to consumers in another country. The present guidelines will assist fish inspectors to carry out these responsibilities.--Publisher's description.
International professional practices framework (IPPF)
Visor3D 2.2 in Nokia Verification Services final assembly
CIA Review - part IV : business management skills
Estimation of food additive and pesticide intakes by means of a stepwise method
Leadership Styles and the Moral Choice of Internal Auditors
There is no room for amateurs in internal auditing
"This book explores different applications in V & V that spawn many areas of software development -including real time applications- where V & V techniques are required, providing in all cases examples of the applications"--Provided by publisher.
Food import and export inspection and certification systems : combined texts
Commissioning management : CIBSE comissioning code M
Successful internal auditing to ISO 9000.
CIA review. Part 2, Conducting the internal audit engagement
Evaluating the use of restaurant inspection reports as tools for sporadic salmonellosis investigations
International auditing harmonisation : environmental factors affecting audit exemption thresholds in European Union
Abstract: The topic of this thesis is vetting inspections on chemical tankers.  Vetting ships, particularly tankers is nowadays a part of every day life in shipping. The  primary purpose of the vetting is to monitor the safety of the ships. In addition to the  international safety regulations the oil and chemical companies have created a uniform  way to inspect the ships to improve the safe transport of the goods: SIRE and CDI.  Vetting itself means risk assessment.  The SIRE (Ship Inspection Report) system was established by the Oil Companies  International Marine Forum (OCIMF) in 1993 to ensure the safe provision and operation  of tankers. The SIRE system is used by oil tankers, combination carriers, shuttle tankers,  chemical tankers and gas tankers.  At the same time with SIRE, the CDI (Chemical Distribution Institute) was created by the  chemical industry to make similar improvements on the safety and quality performance of  bulk liquid shipping as the SIRE. The CDI system is used by chemical and liquid  petroleum gas (LPG) tankers.  Vetting inspections are only part of the overall screening process. Inspections, both SIRE  and CDI provide information as a database on operation of vessel and effectiveness of  operator's management system as input to vetting assessment.  This thesis' objective is to explain comprehensively about vetting inspections from the  perspective of the crew members, chartering, operator and management. The purpose is  also to describe the physical inspection onboard and the effects of it to the organizations  onshore for the reason that the performance of the vetting inspections is a permanent,  highly relevant part of the job onboard.
Marine surveys : a handbook for surveyors & ships' officers
The impact of institutional environment and audit quality on earnings quality : evidence from France, Portugal and Spain
National Audit Office̕ s Reports to Parliament
Gaps, overlaps and challenges : a landscape review of EU accountability and public audit arrangements
Risk Assessment Procedures In Audit Planning : The case of Mazars Vietnam Co., Ltd
Internal auditing theory : a systems view
Plant health import regulations : Finland
Internal auditor's handbook
Decision support systems for effective planning and control : a case study approach
Management control and decision systems : text, cases and radings
Structural monitoring with fiber optic technology
Internal auditing
Proofreading market viability for Native English Solutions
Making school inspection visits more effective : the English experience
Guidelines on the application of EN 45011 EAC/G2 = (Suositus standardin (SFS-) EN 45011 akkreditointivaatimusten täyttämisestä)
Valut : ultraäänitarkastus = Founding. ultrasonic examination. Osa 2 = Part 2, Teräsvalut suuresti rasitettuihin kohteisiin = Steel castings for highly stessed components
Inspection and monitoring techniques for bridges and civil structures
Requirements of ISO 9002 for testing and inspection
Residue analyses of the official testing of pesticides 1991
InvoDane Engineering is an engineering consulting company that specializes in providing engineering services for oil, gas and water pipeline industries. This engineering thesis was commissioned by the company and it is a development project for pump unit with water hydraulics. The pump unit is a hydraulic power pack whose main components are a pressure pump and a vacuum pump. The purpose of the pump unit is to actuate a cylinder piston and power the hydraulics onboard the piston. The hydraulic system is used when inserting a water inspection tool into a water pipeline and extracting it from the pipeline. The objectives of the work were to do a feasibility study of an electrically driven system, reduce system weight and improve flow rate capacity at high pressure. The enhancements were to be demonstrated and tested by assembling a prototype pump unit. Improvement suggestions for shipping characteristics and system filtration were also to be presented. The system was tested and test results confirmed that electric motor can run the pump and replace the gas engine in the original system under the circumstances it was tested in. Based merely on the tests performed, it is not yet possible to reduce weight and ease the use of the unit by excluding the vacuum pump from the system. Improved hose and valve arrangement in the test setup proofed itself to be a good base to start developing the functionality of the hydraulics further.  Next step in developing the pump unit would be to test the setup in real insertion and extraction situations with cylinder piston and decide on future enhancements based on the results.
Standards for the professional practice of internal auditing : statements on internal auditing standards nos. 1-18 : statement of responsibilities of internal auditing : code of ethics
Reeds marine surveying
Vessel inspections in Finland
Audit management and supervision
Meat inspection and environmentala protection : the role of the veterinarian
Sheet steel joining handbook : joining of high strength steels
Audit quality and private Finnish firms
DSP SW test case parameter generation tool
Classification of metallic targets using a walk-through metal detection portal
Essays on internal control and external auditing in the context of financial reporting quality
Internal controls : guidance for private, government, and nonprofit entities
The effect of limiting statutory auditors' civil liability on financial reporting quality : empirical evidence on liability caps and earnings management in Europe
The manager and the internal auditor : partners for profit
CIA review. Part 4, Business management skills
Sawyer's internal auditing : the practice of modern internal auditing
Reeds 21st century ship management
Nondestructive testing of food quality
Model scheme on port state measures to combat illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing = Dispositif type relatif aux mesures du ressort de l'état du port dans le contexte de la lutte contre la pêche illicite, non déclarée et non réglementée = Modelo de sistema sobre las medidas del estado rector del puerto destinadas a combatir la pesca ilegal, no declarada y no reglamentada
Performance auditing : a measurement approach
The effect of audit partner's experience on audit fees
A collective focus : Scotland's national audit : summary report : the main findings and conclusions from the national audit of Scotland's museums and galleries
Inspection concept for continuous cooking plants
Power consumption reduction in microprocessor systems
Dimensional accuracy evaluation of AACMM systems : a case study of the FaroArm platinum
Internal control : a manager's journey
National Audit Office̕ s reports to Parliament
The structure and effectiveness of internal control : a contingency approach
Fraud detection in the banking sector : a multi-agent approach
Reforms in the inspection and guidance of schools in Finland
Public sector auditing : is it value for money?
National Audit Office's reports to Parliament on the monitoring of election financing
Banking sectors in Baltic countries
Information technology control and audit
Social media audit : measure for impact
Supervision in early childhood education : a developmental perspective
Beyond COSO : internal control to enhance corporate governance
Guidelines for risk-based fish inspection
Confectionary industry : inspection manual
Trends in Finnish internal auditing : Finnish Internal Audit Benchmarking Survey II
Inspection guidelines for bulk oil carriers
Model course 3.07 : hull and structural surveys : volume 2 : course + parts B to E of the compendium to the course
The continuum of control : study of internal and external control
Audit in the public sector
Port State control
Valut : ultraäänitarkastus = Founding. ultrasonic examination. Osa 1 = Part 1, Teräsvalut yleiseen käyttöön = Steel castings for general purposes
The safety, maintenance and repair of bridges and buildings depend on effective inspection and monitoring techniques. These methods need to be able to identify problems often hidden within structures before they become serious. This important collection reviews key techniques and their applications to bridges, buildings and other civil structures. The first group of chapters reviews ways of testing corrosion in concrete components. Given their continuing importance and vulnerability to decay, the next series of chapters describes ways of testing wood components within civil structures. A final group of chapters looks at visual and acoustic techniques and their use to assess bridges in particular. Inspection and monitoring techniques for bridges and civil structures is an invaluable reference for civil engineers involved in safety inspection, maintenance and repair of bridges and civil structures. Reviews key inspection and monitoring techniques and their applications to bridges, building and other civil structures Edited by a leading authority in the field
Factors influencing auditors' self-perceived ability to assess fraud risk
Bottom survey of ships : a precondition for safer shipping
Factors affecting internal audit evaluation
Sisäisen tarkastuksen kansainväliset ammattistandardit [2004] = International standards for the professional practice of internal auditing 2004 : ominaisuustandardit, toteutustapastandardit, eettiset säännöt
Bank supervision Russian style : rules versus enforcement and tacit objectives
Ship management has constantly had to evolve to take into account the advancements in technology as well as the demands of the shipping industry. Having internet access and email on board ship has meant that the ship manager has to possess certain sets of skills to function effectively in the post, including computer literacy. The emergence of large multi-national ship management companies has also changed how business is conducted and this is turn means that the ship manager and tiers of management within the organization have had to evolve to cope with the demands of working with a multi-national workforce. Furthermore, since the mid-1980s there has been an ever expanding raft of legislation that is more restrictive for companies to meet, and a shrinking of profit margins has seen a shift in how companies are required to operate to survive. This book addresses the demands of 21st century ship management with the focus of the book as much about the people who manage ships as about the theory and practice of ship management.
Expanded and updated new edition of the author's Handbook of Marine Surveying. Aimed at students of marine surveying, professional marine surveyors, boatyard operators and technically-minded boat owners, it covers the latest marine surveying technology, including analysis of the mechanical behaviour of materials, failure analysis, stress concentration, fatigue and fracture, corrosion, wood-damaging organisms, polymer chemistry, and the composition and characteristics of common plastics, metal, alloys and composite materials. There is also a useful survey checklist that provides practical techniques and hints for conducting a survey. 'A mass of information on different materials used in boatbuilding plus their failure mechanisms.
Importance of internal auditors of a company : Case: Lintas Ghana Limited and Kasapreko Company Limited
Auditing : an international approach
Pump unit development for water pipeline inspection technology
Kuumavalssatut teräsrakenteet = Hot rolled products of structural steels. Osa 2 = Part 2, Seostamattomat rakenneteräkset : tekniset toimitusehdot = Technical delivery conditions for non-alloy structural steels
The role of auditors in the Finnish limited liability companies as to solvency test in the context of asset distribution
Auditing today
Sustainability and internal auditing
The impact of statutory audit exemption thresholds to financial information quality : evidence from Finland, United Kingdom and Denmark
Inspection procedure for engine block after hot run
In-service inspections improve equipment standards
The Complete book of home inspection
The operational auditing handbook : auditing business processes
Supervision and instructional leadership : a developmental approach
Kuumavalssatut teräsrakenteet  = Hot rolled products of structural steels. Osa 1 = Part 1, Yleiset tekniset toimitusehdot = General Technical delivery conditions
Explanatory report from the General Secretariat of the Council on the simplification of the Community treaties
Inspecting personal fall protection equipment
Survey of software inspection research : 1991-2005
The internal auditing of management systems : a PARSEC guide
Export certification system
Examples of alien pathogens in Finnish potato production - their introduction, establishment and consequences
Audit quality : the effect of prior experience
Verification, validation and testing in software engineering
The importance of red flags in economic crime prevention
The internal auditor at work : a practical guide to everyday challenges
Pulp and paper industry : inspection manual
An archaeological reconnaissance trip to the Karelian Isthmus : excursion diary 28 Septempber-2 October 1998.
Critical success factors of an integrated audit engagement
Valimotekniikka. Osa 5, Rikkomaton aineenkoetus = Foundry technology. Part 5, Non-destructive testing
