http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4676 accessways
accessways
Definition of the new ice class IA Super+
Los itinerarios como patrimonio cultural : reunion de expertos = Routes as part of our cultural heritage : meeting of experts = Les itineraires comme patrimoine culturel : reunion d'experts
Automotive electrics, automotive electronics
The big book of backyard projects : walls, fences, paths, patios, benches, chairs & more
The ultimate book of cross-sections
Empire at the periphery : British colonists, Anglo-Dutch trade, and the development of the British Atlantic, 1621-1713
Computational approaches to the study of movement in archaeology : theory, practice and interpretation of factors and effects of long term landscape formation and transformation
Abstract.
The significance of portages : proceedings of the first international conference on the significance of portages, 29th Sept-2nd Oct 2004, in Lyngdal, Vest-Agder, Norway, arranged by the County Municipality of Vest-Agder, Kristiansand
1001 ideas for stone work : the ultimate sourcebook
Super public : a housing project in China
Transit management in the northwest passage : problems and prospects
Routes, roads and landscapes
Premodern trade in world history
The Complete patio book
The essential garden design workbook
Global passages : sources in world history. Vol. 1, To 1500
Accident probabilities in selected areas of the Gulf of Finland
Walks, walls & patio floors : Do-it-Yourself techniques, design ideas in color
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 5 = Part 5, Kulkutiet = Means of access
The Northern Sea route : a traffic potential study
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 11, Kulkutiet = Means of access
Art and craft of stonescaping setting and stacking stone
Highway maintenance handbook
Guide to concrete masonry & stucco projects
Routes between the seas : Baltic-Bug-Boh-Pont from the 3rd to the middle of the 1st millenium BC
Scottish life and society : a compendium of Scottish ethnology. Vol. 8, Transport and communications
Towards accessible transport : accessibility strategy of the Ministry of Transport and Communications
Ocean passages for the world
Helsinki Central Railway Station : lighting as part of the urban space and its functions
Ice routes : the application of advanced technologies to the routing of ships through sea ice
Making paths & walkways : creative ideas and simple techniques
Koneiden turvallisuus. Osa 11, Kulkutiet = Safety of machinery. Part 11, Means of access
INLATRANS : integrating inland waterway transport systems in the Baltic Sea region : final report. Pt 3, Appendices
Special event production : the resources
Geographies of mobilities : practices, spaces, subjects
For gardeners inspired by the Royal Horticultural Society show, this book features planning, design and decoration ideas, including master classes with gold-medal winners, celebrity designers, RHS experts and other plant experts.
Global passages : sources in world history. Vol. 2, Since 1500
Step-by-step outdoor brickwork : over twenty easy-to-build projects for your yard and garden
Feasibility of commercial cargo shipping along the Northern Sea Route
INLATRANS : integrating inland waterway transport systems in the Baltic Sea region : final report. Pt 2, Annexes
Pilots and lighthouses - aids of navigation
Suomen merimuseo = The Maritime Museum of Finland : annual report 2001-2002
Vitality from walking and cycling
Gardening on pavement, tables, and hard surfaces
Landscape planning : practical techniques for the home gardener
Living streets : strategies for crafting public space
Wooden garden structures : a complete guide
Constructing landscape : materials, techniques, structural components
Building natural stone garden features
Landscaping from the ground up
Proceedings from the Northern Sea Route Expert Meeting : 13-14 October 1992, Tromsø, Norway
Cargo traffic on the Helsinki-Tallinn route
Operating panamax dry bulk carriers on the seven seas
Shipping in Arctic waters : a comparison of the Northeast, Northwest and trans-polar passages
Bring on the next generation : a analysis of regenerated the Hakaniemi market square [sic]
Arctic perspectives : proceedings : the changing role of the United States in the Circumpolar North : a conference on U.S. Arctic policy
World cruising routes : featuring 1000 sailing routes in all oceans of the world
Practices in pilotage : past, present and future
Pations and walkways : do it now, do it fast, do it right
Developing short sea shipping transportation chains at Helsinki-Tallinn route
International straits : concept, classification, and rules of passage
Simple stonescaping : gardens, walls, paths & waterfalls
Rehabilitation of central urban areas : the Corvin-Szigony project : diploma workshop in Budapest - 2002/03
The tragic history of the sea
Travelling in boreal forests : routes of communication in pre-industrial northern Sweden
Best garden design : practical inspiration from the RHS Chelsea Flower Show
On the significance of portages : a survey of a new research theme
Landscaping with wood : the practical guide to building outdoors
Controller Area Network (CAN) for Vehicle Applications : an SAE professional development e-seminar : handbook & educational support materials
The sea and civilization : a maritime history of the world
Accessible gardening : tips [and] techniques for seniors [and] the disabled
Materials and their applications in landscape design
The Hamlyn colour encyclopedia of transport
INLATRANS : integrating inland waterway transport systems in the Baltic Sea region : final report. Pt 1, Texts
Straits used for international navigation : a Spanish perspective
Left, right, up, down : : new directions in signage and wayfinding
The purpose of this master’s thesis was to clarify the markets and gather knowledge of the designing and manufacturing of maintenance products made of stainless steel. The commissioner of this work R-taso Oy has designed and manufactured hot dip galvanized maintenance platforms and walkways since 1985. The interest to expand to a new product category comes from the customers’ interest for stainless steel products and on the other hand from the company’s desire to expand the business. In order to identify the market for maintenance platforms made of stainless steel, a market survey was made as part of the thesis. The survey was issued for industrial companies. One target of the thesis was to familiarize with working with stainless steel and implement methods on the company’s production line. Also, a cost of beginning to manufacture products with a new material was calculated. One pilot project was carried out in the end of the thesis work. In that project there was a chance to test the conclusions in practice. That delivery went well and it gave a positive impetus to the intentions to supply stainless steel products. However, the delivered amount was small and there is still a lot of work to do with improving the production line to manufacture the stainless steel products. Because of the positive research results, it was decided that activities to supply stainless steel products will be started. This thesis work gave necessary information to start that project. The thesis master’s personal knowledge of stainless steel and market research grew significantly during the work. From here on, the company should start working to acquire the CE-marking rights for the new products, to train employees, to find out subcontractors and to supply necessary components to the storage. Also, a marketing campaign and marketing materials should be designed.
Design guide for environmental barriers
Making paths & walkways : stone, brick, bark, grass, pebbles & more
Statistical analysis of vehicle time headways
Streetfight : handbook for an urban revolution
The history of seafaring : navigating the world's oceans
Garden transformations : designer secrets and tricks of the trade
Patios, driveways, and plazas : the pattern language of concrete pavers
Great maritime routes : an illustrated history
Maintenance platforms of stainless steel
The complete book of Outdoor diy
Help, business or piracy? Shipwrecks and salvage auctions as early modern entrepreneurship in the Gulf of Finland
Optimum design of path symbols on maps
The complete guide to creative landscapes : Designing, building and decorating your outdoor home
