http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4670 Catholicism
Catholicism
Family matters : catholic theology of the family
Catholicism: hard questions
Black Elk's religion : Sun Dance and Lakota Catholicism
Catechism of the catholic church
Light in darkness : Hans Urs von Balthasar and the Catholic doctrine of Christ's descent into Hell
Catechism of the Catholic Church
The Papacy in the Age of Totalitarianism, 1914-1958 examines the most momentous years in papal history. Popes Benedict XV (1914-1922), Pius XI (1922-1939), and Pius XII (1939-1958) faced the challenges of two world wars and the Cold War, and threats posed by totalitarian dictatorships like Italian Fascism, German National Socialism, and Communism in Russia and China. The wars imposed enormous strains upon the unity of Catholics and the hostility of the totalitarian regimes to Catholicism lead to the Church facing persecution and martyrdom on a scale similar to that experienced under the Roman Empire and following the French Revolution. At the same time, these were years of growth, development, and success for the papacy. Benedict healed the wounds left by the 'modernist' witch hunt of his predecessor and re-established the papacy as an influence in international affairs through his peace diplomacy during the First World War. Pius XI resolved the 'Roman Question' with Italy and put papal finances on a sounder footing. He also helped reconcile the Catholic Church and science by establishing the Pontifical Academy of Sciences and took the first steps to move the Church away from entrenched anti-Semitism. Pius XI continued his predecessor's policy of the 'indigenisation' of the missionary churches in preparation for de-colonisation. Pius XII fully embraced the media and other means of publicity, and with his infallible promulgation of the Assumption in 1950, he took papal absolutism and centralism to such heights that he has been called the 'last real pope'. Ironically, he also prepared the way for the Second Vatican Council.
Natural personalism : a secular rearrangement of Catholic themes in bioethics
History and presence
Bad Queen Bess? : libels, secret histories, and the politics of publicity in the reign of Queen Elizabeth I
Crusade or class war? : the Spanish military revolt
Symbols of Catholicism
Scholastic meditations
The Catholic concordance
The Catholicity of reason
The reformation : critical concepts in historical studies. Vol.1
Mimesis and empire : the New World, Islam, and European identities
New seeds of contemplation
The Catholic enlightenment : the forgotten history of a global movement
Brideshead revisited
Roman Catholic beliefs in England : customary Catholicism and transformations of religious authority
Catholic moral theology & social ethics : a new method
Anti-Catholicism and nineteenth-century fiction
The modernity of others : Jewish anti-Catholicism in Germany and France
Called out of darkness : a spiritual confession
In the Four Streets, a dreadful murder has been committed and 14-year-old Kitty Doherty is pregnant with the dead man's child. This secret is so dangerous that it is decided Kitty must go to Ireland to await the baby's birth. But in Liverpool, the police aren't giving up their search for the truth. Somewhere, in this tight-knit Irish Catholic community, someone must know something. The streets are alive with gossip and rumour, and it isn't easy to keep a secret that big.
Our places, their spaces : urban territoriality in the Northern Irish conflict
Catholic action in Italy : the sociology of sponsored organization
Mememory and identity : personal reflections
The very rich hours of Jacques Maritain : a spiritual life
Binky Brown meets the Holy Virgin Mary
The thoughts of Blaise Pascal
"The Art of Catholic Church in China summarized the entire situation of the development of art in the China church especially the situation of the development of art in Beijing diocese since the adoption of the reform and open policy in 1978. It is also to have an overall view about the entire situation in the field of art in the Chinese Catholic Church since Tang Dynasty (618-907). By reading this book, one can explicitly find every bright point in each period of time." --Publisher's description.
Truth and hope
Encounter
The catholic church : nature, reality and mission
Contemporary Catholicism in Ireland : a critical appraisal
The sign of the cross : travels in Catholic Europe
Looking for Alibrandi
The power and the glory
And the journey begins
Binky Brown sampler
Bible Conversations : Catholic-protestant Dialogues on the Bible, Tradition, and Salvation
The reformation : critical concepts in historical studies. Vol. 3
Becoming Catholic : finding Rome in the American religious landscape
Church and state in modern Ireland 1923-1979
The inquisitor's diary
Praying the rosary : a complete guide to the world's most popular form of prayer
A divinity for all persuasions : popular print and early American religious life
Thomas Merton : essential writings
Values in conservation : the relationship between values, religion and european society
Graham Greene's Catholic imagination
God's traitors : terror and faith in Elizabethan England
The divisions of French Catholicism, 1629-1645 : '"the parting of the ways"
Catholic schools : mission, markets and morality
The recovery of purpose : Western ethical crisis : diagnosis and proposed remedies
The copper beech
China in the sixteenth century : the journals of Matthew Ricci : 1583-1610
The hedge schools of Ireland
Circle of friends
Whores of Babylon : Catholicism, gender, and seventeenth-century print culture
The catholic belief as reflected in the attitudes and behaviour of the characters in the novels by Graham Greene and Evelyn Waugh
I am a Roman Catholic
Understanding Catholic morality
Mother Teresa : come be my light : the revealing writings of the Nobel peace prize winner
Ritual and symbolism in Northern Irish parading culture
A short history of the Catholic Church
A song for Nagasaki
The mystical theology of the ven. f. John of Jesus Mary discalced carmelite, Calagorritan : general introduction
Catholic social thought renovating the tradition : a keyguide to resources
The art & vision of Flannery O'Connor
The Catholics of Ulster : a history
Brideshead revisited : the sacred and profane memories of Captain Charles Ryder
The image of Virgin Mary in Chosun white porcelain : a novel
Europe's Northern frontier : perspectives on Finland's Western identity
By the river Piedra I sat down and wept
Umstrittene Katholizität : von der zwiespältigen Beziehung zwischen Vielfalt und Einheit : Tagungsbericht der 18. Wissenschaftlichen Konsultation der Societas Oecumenica = Catholicity under pressure : the ambiguous relationship between diversity and unity : proceedings of the 18th academic consultation of the Societas Oecumenica
An analysis of the Catholic Charismatic Renewal. Describes the movement's internal diversity and traces its development and expansion across 30 years. Offers insights into the contemporary nature of rationality, the transformation of space and time in Charismatic daily life, gender discipline, the blurring of boundaries between ritual and everyday life, the sense of community forged through shared ritual participation, and the creativity of language and metaphor in prophetic utterance. Charisma, Csordas proposes, is a collective self-process, located not in the personality of a leader, but in the rhetorical resources mobilized by participants in ritual performance. His examination of ritual language and ritual performance illuminates this theory in relation to the postmodern condition of culture.
Hierarchy and pluralism : living religious difference in Catholic Poland
The reformation : critical concepts in historical studies. Vol.2
The catholic vote
Pope John Paul II : the biography
Scotland's foremost composer, James MacMillan, accused his country of being a land of "sleep-walking bigotry" where "visceral anti-Catholicism" disfigures national life. Clearly MacMillan had touched a nerve. Was Scotland really "Northern Ireland without the guns and bullets?" Although the debate was intense, however, few contributions rose above the level of swapping competing anecdotes. It became clear there was a need for more reflective assessments and for hard evidence to confirm or deny the many assertions made in the course of the discussion. This text tackles the issues MacMillan raised head on. Both Catholic and Protestant perspectives are represented. MacMillan's lecture is printed in the book together with his own reaction to the media storm which it provoked.
Values of Poles and the heritage of John Paul II : a social research study
Imagining religious leadership in the Middle Ages : Richard of Saint-Vanne and the politics of reform
American Catholics through the twentieth century : spirituality, lay experience, and public life
Catholicism
Faith-based schools and the state : catholics in America, France and England
The faith of William Shakespeare
The Blackwell companion to Catholicism
In follow-up to her acclaimed Privilege of Being a Woman, Dr. von Hildebrand expands the discussion to explore how the fullness of human nature is found in the perfect union between man and woman. God chose to create man doubly complex. He made man of both soul and body a spiritual reality and a material reality. To crown this complexity, He created them male and female. Dr. von Hildebrand elucidates the tragic separation that happened with original sin and the consequences of this brokenness in the world today: the distortion of the male and female genius, supernatural blindness, and the triumph of secularism. She explores how this brokenness can be healed by following God's Divine plan for man and woman. We see this first and foremost in our Blessed Mother, exemplar of the path to holiness. This is also seen in the characteristics of saintly male / female relationships between husbands and wives, fathers and daughters, mothers and sons, brothers and sisters, and holy friendships. It is only by coming to more fully understand the Divine plan for man and woman, and submitting ourselves to His plan, that true complementarity harmony of body and soul, male and female can be accomplished.
Mystical theology
The Catholic-Marxist ideological dialogue in Poland, 1945-1980
The role of religion in marriage and family counselingIntroducing second language acquisition
Young Catholic America : emerging adults in, out of, and gone from the church
The exorcist
Shakespeare's unreformed fictions
Veiled threats : the logic of popular Catholicism in Italy
Conversion has been an essential element of Christianity, and especially of Roman Catholicism, for centuries--from the Apostle Paul's dramatic conversion on the road to Damascus to the spiritual transformations of such prominent modern individuals as Cardinal Newman, St. Elizabeth Ann Seton, Thomas Merton, and G.K. Chesterton. In a 1926 essay, Chesterton expressed reluctance to describe his conversion, on account of "a strong feeling that this method makes the business look much smaller than it really is." As David Yamane shows in Becoming Catholic, the business was not only spiritually but literally very large, and growing ever larger: roughly 150,000 Americans join the Catholic Church each year, and more than one in fifty American adults is a Catholic convert. Altogether, these 5.85 million individuals are the fifth-largest religious group in America. In this first significant study of the phenomenon of Roman Catholic conversion in the contemporary United States, Yamane provides an in-depth look at the process of adult initiation in the twenty-first century Catholic Church, including the new process of spiritual formation--called the Rite of Christian Initiation of Adults (RCIA)--that was ushered in by Vatican II. The RCIA process, which has become an integral part of Catholic parish life, takes individuals on a journey through four distinct, formative periods, punctuated by elaborate ritual transitions, before they are finally baptized at Easter. Drawing on years of observational fieldwork and candid interviews with more than 200 individuals undergoing the initiation process, Yamane follows would-be Catholics through all four stages of the RCIA and offers an incisive new perspective on what it means to choose Catholicism in America today. -- Provided by publisher.
Stealing God
Catholic Church in China / : written by Zhou Tailiang and Liu Hui ; translated by Zhou Tailiang
Man and woman : a divine invention
The duty of delight : the diaries of Dorothy Day
Ephphata : be opened, aufgemacht, abrete!, iftah, appriti, ouvre-toi
Kingdoms come : religion and politics in Brazil
True devotion to Mary
Jesus of Nazareth : the infancy narratives
Young Catholics at the new milleninium : the religion and morality of young adults in Western countries
A good man is hard to find : stories
Catholic Reformation in Protestant Britain
Occasions of faith : an anthropology of Irish Catholics
Santa Lucia's holiday in the context of Sicilian newspapers : a key to catholic ideology
Catholics and the Spanish state
Religious tourists : constructing authentic experiences in late modern Hungarian catholicism
Catholic church in China
The life of Thomas More
The Second Vatican Council and the English Catholic novel
Kinder than solitude : a novel
The loney
Beyond the threshold : a life in Opus Dei
After the ceasefires : Catholics and the future of Northern Ireland
The art of catholic church in China
Shaping the moral life : an approach to moral theology
Peaches for Monsieur Le Curé
The Gunpowder Plot : terror & faith in 1605
Sacred and secular scriptures : a Catholic approach to literature
The history of the church in Carpathian Rus'
True belief or propaganda? : anti-Catholicism in the English pamphlets 1649-1660
Light of the world : the pope, the church, and the signs of the times : a conversation with Peter Seewald
Catholic and feminist : the surprising history of the American Catholic feminist movement
The Copper Beech
The HarperCollins encyclopedia of Catholicism
Ireland her own : an outline history of the Irish struggle for national freedom and independence
Interpreting Northern Ireland
Encyclopedia of Catholicism
Letter to the Bishops of the Catholic Church on the collaboration of men and women in the church and in the world
What is mysticism?
This book recasts our understanding of the disciplines of moral theology and social ethics by drawing from the wealth of the entire theological enterprise, including scripture, systematic theology, Catholic social teaching, and Ignatian spirituality. Christina Astorga structures her new method in terms of vision, norm, and choice. Moral vision, shaped by culture, religion, scriptures, and systematic theology, is the wellspring form which morality flows. Moral norms, as grounded in Catholic social teaching, mediate moral vision toward choice and action. Directed by an integrated ethical methodology for conflict situations, moral choice which incarnates moral vision and norm is brought into the illumination of spiritual discernment.
Revelations
The papacy in the age of totalitarianism, 1914-1958
Moral monopoly : the Catholic church in modern Irish society
Tibetan religions
Truth and faith in ethics
In silent prayer : a history of ministry with the Deaf community in the archdiocese of Philadelphia: 1846 - 2008
Change and identity : protestant English interpretations of John Henry Newman's secession, 1845-1864
Jacques Maritain's personalist concept of democratic society
Celtic Christianity
The reformation : critical concepts in historical studies. Vol. 4
Models and images of Catholicism in Italian Americana : academy and society
Scotland's shame? : bigotry and sectarianism in modern Scotland
The good people
Communion of churches and Petrine ministry : Lutheran-Catholic convergences
Women and religion in medieval and Renaissance Italy
The Last Judgement : Michelangelo and the death of the Renaissance
William Shakespeare stills stands head and shoulders above any other author in the English language, a position that is unlikely ever to change. Yet it is often said that we know very little about him – and that applies as much to what he believed as it does to the rest of his biography. Or does it? In this authoritative new study, Graham Holderness takes us through the context of Shakespeare’s life, times of religious and political turmoil, and looks at what we do know of Shakespeare the Anglican. But then he goes beyond that, and mines the plays themselves, not just for the words of the characters, but for the concepts, themes and language which Shakespeare was himself steeped in – the language of the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer. Considering particularly such plays as Richard ll, Henry V, The Merchant of Venice, Measure for Measure, Hamlet, Othello, The Tempest and The Winter’s Tale, Holderness shows how the ideas of Catholicism come up against those of Luther and Calvin; how Christianity was woven deep into Shakespeare’s psyche, and how he brought it again and again to his art.
The popes : a history
In exploring the dramaturgical variety of the "Catholic" content of Shakespeare's plays, Gillian Woods argues that habits, idioms, images, and ideas lose their denominational clarity when translated into dramatic fiction: they are awkwardly "unreformed" rather than doctrinally Catholic. Providing nuanced readings of generically diverse plays, this book emphasises the creative function of such unreformed material, which Shakespeare uses to pose questions about the relationship between self and other. A wealth of contextual evidence is studied, including catechisms, homilies, religious polemics, news quartos, and non-Shakespearean drama, to highlight how early modern Catholicism variously provoked nostalgia, faith, conversion, humour, fear, and hatred. This book argues that Shakespeare exploits these contradictory attitudes to frame ethical problems, creating fictional plays that consciously engage audiences in the difficult leaps of faith required by both theatre and theology. By recognizing the playfulness of Shakespeare's unreformed fictions, this book offers a different perspective on the interactions between post-Reformation religion and the theatre, and an alternative angle on Shakespeare's interrogation of the scope of dramatic fiction.
"Whoever needs an act of faith to elucidate an event that can be explained by reason is a fool, and unworthy of reasonable thought." This line, spoken by the notorious 18th-century libertine Giacomo Casanova, illustrates a deeply entrenched perception of religion, as prevalent today as it was hundreds of years ago. It is the sentiment behind the narrative that Catholic beliefs were incompatible with the Enlightenment ideals. Catholics, many claim, are superstitious and traditional, opposed to democracy and gender equality, and hostile to science. It may come as a surprise, then, to learn that Casanova himself was a Catholic. In The Catholic Enlightenment, Ulrich L. Lehner points to such figures as representatives of a long-overlooked thread of a reform-minded Catholicism, which engaged Enlightenment ideals with as much fervor and intellectual gravity as anyone. Their story opens new pathways for understanding how faith and modernity can interact in our own time.Lehner begins two hundred years before the Enlightenment, when the Protestant Reformation destroyed the hegemony Catholicism had enjoyed for centuries. During this time the Catholic Church instituted several reforms, such as better education for pastors, more liberal ideas about the roles of women, and an emphasis on human freedom as a critical feature of theology. These actions formed the foundation of the Enlightenment's belief in individual freedom. While giants like Spinoza, Locke, and Voltaire became some of the most influential voices of the time, Catholic Enlighteners were right alongside them. They denounced fanaticism, superstition, and prejudice as irreconcilable with the Enlightenment agenda. In 1789, the French Revolution dealt a devastating blow to their cause, disillusioning many Catholics against the idea of modernization. Popes accumulated ever more power and the Catholic Enlightenment was snuffed out.It was not until the Second Vatican Council in 1962 that questions of Catholicism's compatibility with modernity would be broached again. Ulrich L. Lehner tells, for the first time, the forgotten story of these reform-minded Catholics. As Pope Francis pushes the boundaries of Catholicism even further, and Catholics once again grapple with these questions, this book will prove to be required reading.
The founding of Catholic tradition in Korea
Religion and nationality in Western Ukraine : the Greek Catholic Church and Ruthenian National Movement in Galicia, 1867-1900
Language, charisma, and creativity : ritual life in the Catholic charismatic renewal
The journey of the mind to God
The secret diary of Elisabeth Leseur : the woman whose goodness changed her husband from atheist to priest
The Roman Catholic papacy has long been a thorny issue dividing the ecumenical church. In this book several outstanding Lutheran and Catholic theologians, known collectively as the Group of Farfa Sabina, present the results of their five-year dialogue, showing how the papal (Petrine) ministry might actually serve to unify the worldwide communion of churches. Offering biblical, historical, and canonical analyses of key Vatican texts, this volume opens up paths to new and surprising Lutheran-Catholic convergences. The volume as a whole reflects the mutual commitment of Farfa Sabina members to shaping declarations of intent into effective realities. -- Review: William G. Rusch -- Yale Divinity School "This work is an indispensable resource for anyone interested in overcoming the disunity of the churches. It demonstrates how high-quality scholarship can enlighten questions about the papacy that at first glance appear closed. Disclosing the potential for degrees of resolution to what were once regarded as intractable barriers to greater unity, this report cannot be recommended too highly." John A. Radano -- Seton Hall University "A significant contribution to promoting ecumenical advance, this book is a must-read for those interested in the work of reconciliation among divided Christians."
Schooling as a ritual performance : towards a political economy of educational symbols and gestures
A church with a future : challenges to Irish Catholicism today
Contemplatives in action : the Jesuit way
Local and transnational Csángó lifeworlds
The lion and the lamb : evangelicals and Catholics in America
In many contexts the attribute "catholic" is misunderstood as a confessional term describing one specific church. The papers of the 18th Academic Consultation of Societas Oecumenica presented in this book give insights to the ecumenical significance of the "catholicity," which all churches confess in the Creed. They also take into consideration the tensions between unity and diversity as well as the challenges by new developments in worldwide Christianity.
Ratzinger's faith : the theology of pope Benedict XVI
The thorn birds
The colour of blood
After anti-Catholicism : John Henry Newman and Protestant Britain, 1845-c. 1890
