http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4689 cereal crops
cereal crops
Ancient grains : the complete guide to cooking with power-packed millet, oats, spelt, farro, sorghum & teff
Bunts and smuts of wheat : an international symposium, Raleigh, North Carolina, August 17-20, 1997
Expression of storage protein genes in Triticale (x Triticosecale Wittmack)
A production model for wheat and feedgrains in France (1946-1961)
Crop production : cereals and legumes
Drought resistance in cereals
A two-factor field experiment was carried out at the Lithuanian Institute of Agriculture during the period 2005-2008. The influence of different tillage and fertilization practices on wheat grain fungal contamination was evaluated. Grain surface contamination and internal grain infection with fungi were quantified using agar tests. Purified colonies were identified using different manuals. A total of 16 fungal genera were identified in spring and winter wheat grains. Alternaria infected 46.3% - 99.9%, Cladosporium 26.9% - 77.8%, Fusarium 0.9% - 37.1%, Penicillium 1.3% - 2.5% of grains tested. Winter wheat grain surface contamination by fungi ranged from 7.2 × 103 to 24.8 × 103 of colony forming units per g of grain (cfu g-1), spring wheat from 14.8 × 103 to 80.3 × 103 cfu g-1. No-tillage increased winter wheat grain infection by Alternaria, Aspergillus and Cladosporium species and total count of cfu g-1 on spring wheat grain surface. High fertilizer rates resulted in an increase in spring wheat grain infection by Fusarium and Penicillium species and total count of cfu g-1 on both spring and winter wheat grain surface.
Application of DNA based marker mutations for improvement of cereals and other sexually reproduced crop plants : proceedings of a final Research Co-ordination Meeting organized by the Joint FAO/IAEA Division of Nuclear Techniques in Food and Agriculture and held in Vienna, 4-8 November 1996.
We reviewed quantitatively 40 Finnish field experiments related to the effect of nitrogen (N) fertilizer on the main parameters of grain quality and N uptake of spring cereals. The experiments were conducted on a wide range of mineral soils under varying growth conditions from the 1950s to the 1990s. Overall there was no statistically significant effect on 1000 grain weight and a slightly negative effect on grain test weight. Nitrogen fertilizer increased N uptake much more steeply in slightly acidic soils (SA, pH 5.8-6.9), located mostly in South Finland, than in moderately acidic soils (MA, pH 5.0-5.7), located in Central Finland. With increasing N rates, protein content increased to a larger extent in spring barley and oats than in spring wheat. In the light of the current trend to reduce N fertilizerapplication, the obtained regressions between N rates and the parameters of grain quality may be used to maintain yield quality at a desirable level, while optimizing N management.
Yield trends of temperate cereals in high lattitude countries from 1940 to 1998.
Encyclopedia of grain science. Vol. 1, [A-F]
Cereal crops for industrial use in Europe
C[sub 4] grasses and cereals : growth, development, and stress response
Pathogenesis-related proteins in barley : localization and accumulation patterns in response to infection by Bipolaris sorokiniana
Technology of cereals : an introduction for students of food science and agriculture
Corn and its early fathers
Evolution of wild emmer and wheat improvement : population genetics, genetic resources, and genome organization of wheat's progenitor, Triticum dicoccoides
Wheat : science and trade
Cereal husbandry
The ecology of temperate cereal fields
Fungus diseases of tropical crops
Crop wild relative conservation and use
The weed flora in conventionally and organically grown spring cereals was investigated in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009. The survey was conducted in 16 regions, 283 farms and 595 fields (72 organically cropped and 523 conventionally cropped fields, of which 503 were treated with herbicides). The occurrence of weeds was assessed in late July-early August. Altogether 148 weed species were identified, of which 128 were broad-leaved and 20 grass species. In organically cropped fields, the average species number per field was 21 and the most frequent species were Chenopodium album 96%, Stellaria media 94%, Viola arvensis 94% and Elymus repens 89%. In conventionally cropped fields, the average species number was 12 and the most frequent weed species were Viola arvensis 83%, Stellaria media 65%, Galeopsis spp. 59% and Galium spurium 59%. The average density of weeds was 160 m-2 (median = 112) in sprayed conventional fields and 519 m-2 (468) in organic fields. The average air-dry biomass of weeds was 167 kg ha-1 (median = 82) and 775 kg ha-1 (563), respectively. Elymus repens, the most frequent and abundant grass species, produced the highest proportion (about 30%) of the total weed biomass in both cropping systems. The frequency of Galium spurium in conventional cropping and Fumaria officinalis in organic cropping had increased substantially since the previous survey in 1997-1999. The average size of the weed seedbank in the 5 cm surface layer was about 1 700 seeds m-2, the most predominant seeds being of C. album. Although the weed flora in Finnish spring cereal fields consists of numerous species, only a fraction of them severely threaten crop production in terms of their frequency and abundance. Weeds in conventional cropping were effectively controlled with available herbicides whereas weed management in organic cropping calls for urgent measures such as direct mechanical weed control in crop stands, which was not practised at all in survey fields.
Descriptors for pearl millet : Descripteurs du mil penicillaire
The benefits of biochar (BC) application to fertile, non-acidic soils in temperate climate regions might not always be as evident as for highly weathered tropical soils. The aim of our study was to investigate the effects of BC on soil characteristics, nutrient uptake and crop yield in field experiments on two temperate soils (Cambisol and Chernozem) in Austria. Maize and wheat (Cambisol), and barley and sunflower (Chernozem) were grown in successive vegetation periods following different BC application rates (0, 24 and 72 t ha-1 at the start of the experiment), supplemented with identical mineral N supply in 33 m² plots. BC treatments showed varying impacts on nutrient uptake of the investigated crops. The first growing season in the Chernozem region was affected by a prolonged drought period, which resulted in positive effects of BC on soil water-holding capacity (WHC) and barley crop yield (+ 10%) for the 72 t ha-1 BC + N treatment compared to a control with identical nutrient supply but without BC. However, maize and wheat grain yield decreased by 46 and 70%, respectively, after the highest BC application rate (72 t ha-1) in an additional treatment without supplementary N-fertilisation. Still, even with high BC application rates we did not observe any adverse effects on crop yield and nutrient uptake, as long as the soil was supplied with sufficient N according to local agricultural practice.
Weeds in spring cereal fields in Finland - a third survey
Cereal banks - at your service? : the story of Toundeu-Patar, a village somewhere in the Sahel
The effects of conventional and organic farming system on some quality parameters of grains were studied in winter and spring common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet. Under organic farming conditions, spelt wheat was characterized by the most favorable grain chemical composition (essential amino acids index [EAAI] 85.3, o-dihydroxyphenol 2.00 g kg-1, nitrogen [N] 23.5 g kg-1, magnesium [Mg] 705, zinc [Zn] 32.9 mg kg-1), followed by millet (total dietary fiber [TDF] 185.3 g kg-1, Mg 904, copper [Cu] 6.27, iron [Fe] 57.0 mg kg-1). The above-mentioned cereals also showed a satisfactory yield level under the organic system (spelt wheat 2.69, proso millet 1.42 t ha-1). Both in winter and spring common wheat organic farming led a significant reduction in productivity, but the content of chemical components in grain (dihydroxyphenols—spring wheat 1.68 g kg-1, winter wheat 1.74 g kg-1; selenium [Se]—spring wheat 53.4 mg kg-1, winter wheat 40.5 mg kg-1; some amino acids—spring wheat valine [Val] 5.11, methionine [Met] 2.09, tryptophan [Trp] 0.40 g kg-1, winter wheat glutamate [Glu] 41.9, proline [Pro] 15.3, glysine [Gly] 5.24, arginine [Arg] 5.04, [Trp] 0.97 g kg-1) was more favorable compared to the conventional system. The present study showed that the organic farming system does not result in reduced productivity neither in spelt wheat or proso millet, but contributes to an improvement in their grain quality parameters. On the other hand, common wheat performed better under the conventional system..
"Contemporary agriculture confronts the challenge of increasing demand in terms of quantitative and qualitative production targets. These targets have to be achieved against the background of soil and water scarcity, world-wide and regional shifts in the patterns of land use driven by both climate change and the need to develop crop-based sources of energy, and the environmental and social aspects of agricultural sustainability. Hence, this book compiles a multi-authored perspective on the ways in which crop physiology could be integrated with other disciplines. With a focus on genetic improvement and agronomy, this book addresses the challenges of environmentally sound production of bulk and quality food, fodder, fiber and energy which will be faced over the next decade".
Principles of crop production : theory, techniques and technology
The Triticeae : a branch in the tree of life
Field crop diseases handbook
Directory of germplasm collections. 3, Cereals: Avena, Hordeum, Millets, Oryza, Secale, Sorghum, Triticum, Zea and Pseudocereals
The management of fungicide resistance in cereals in Finland
Plant science : an introduction to world crops
Genome mapping and molecular breeding in plants. Vol. 1, Cereals and millets
Variability in grain yields : implications for agricultural research and policy in developing countries
Grain quality and N uptake of spring cereals as affected by nitrogen fertilization in northern conditions : a meta-analysis
Plant proteins from European crops : food and non-food applications : with 91 figures
The taxonomy and phylogeny of Hordeum L. sect. Cerelia Ands. : with special reference to Thibetan barleys
Remote sensing of wheat and barley in a field plot experiment with different levels of nitrogen fertilization and irrigation
Cereals, pulses, legumes and vegetable proteins
African cereal stem borers : economic importance, taxonomy, natural enemies and control
The forages and protein crops directory
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Landraces in Finland : proposal for varietal research, registration and maintenance system of cereal, forage grass and legume landraces and old commercial cultivars
Resistance of winter cereals to various winter stress factors : inter- and intraspecific variation and the role of cold acclimation
Effect of annually repeated undersowing on cereal grain yields
Immunochemical analysis of prolamins in gluten-free foods
Use of DNA markers for genetic linkage mapping and analysis of biotic and abiotic stresses in lentil (Lens sp.)
Estimated metabolizable energy yields of perennial and annual grass swards compared with those of spring barley and oat
Yellow rust on wheat: studies in epidemiology and physiologic specialization
Compendium of wheat diseases
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
Source and sink during the reproductive period of wheat : development and its regulation with special reference to cytokinins
Eradication strategy for maize downy mildew : proceedings of an African conference and workshop
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
World perspectives on barley yellow dwarf : proceedings of the International workshop, July 6-11, 1987, Udine, Italy
From wheat to bread
Modern crop protection compounds. Volume 3, Insecticides
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Simulation of spring wheat responses to elevated CO2 and temperature by using CERES-wheat crop model
Epidermal features and spikelet micromorphology in Oryza and related genera (Poaceae: Oryzeae)
Weedy rices : origin, biology, ecology and control
Characterising strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats in producing naked oat as a novel crop for northern growing conditions
Barley : chemistry and technology
Triticale : a promising addition to the world's cereal grains
Integrated assessment of the impact of trade liberalization : a country study on the Indonesian rice sector
Atlas of cereal diseases and pests in Europe
Wheat in the Third World
International oat conference, Lund, Sweden, July 4-8 1988 : proceedings
Encyclopedia of grain science. Vol. 2, [G-P]
Dried beans & grains
Plants consumed by man
Low grain protein often restricts the use of grain lots for milling in Finland. Nitrogen availability during grain-filling may restrict grain protein accumulation, particularly in high yielding environments. Slow-release fertilizers could potentially sustain nitrogen availability during the grain-filling period. The aim of this study was to increase plant nitrogen uptake, grain yield and grain protein response of spring wheat cultivar "Amaretto", using combinations of a regular and slow-release compound NPK fertilizer. Fertilizer treatment effects on grain yield was modest, however, slow-release fertilizer treatments lowered grain protein content as well as grain, straw and total plant N compared with control treatment. The total plant N was 10 to 27 kg ha-1 lower following application of slow-release fertilizer. The results clearly indicate that the release of N by the slow-release fertilizer tested in this trial was too slow for cool Finnish growing conditions.
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
The emergence of cereal fungal diseases and the incidence of leaf spot diseases in Finland
Crop physiology : applications for genetic improvement and agronomy
the Grasses : earth`s green wealth
Growth and architecture of dwarf, semidwarf and tall oat lines under northern latitutes
Maize and winter wheat production with different soil tillage systems on silty loam
Essays on socially optimal phosphorus policies in crop production
Weed flora in organically grown spring cereals in Finland
Chlormequat chloride and ethephon affect growth and yield formation of conventional, naked and dwarf oat
The oat bran miracle
Lockhart & Wiseman's crop husbandry including grassland
Dangerous grains : why gluten cereal grains may be hazardous to your health
Plant resources of South-East Asia. 10, Cereals
First report of Diuraphis (Holcaphis) frequens as a pest of wheat in Finland
Sorghum
Principles of cereal science and technology
Electron microscopical analysis of the synaptonemal complex formation in cereals
The content of dietary fiber, amino acids, dihydroxyphenols and some macro- and micronutrients in grain of conventionally and organically grown common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet
An introduction to the grasses : (including bamboos and cereals)
Breeding major food staples
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2008-2015 = Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015
Biodiversity of wild Triticeae (Poaceae) in Poland as an expression of tribe microevolution
Cereal science and technology
Biochar application to temperate soils : effects on nutrient uptake and crop yield under field conditions
Crop and soil specific N and P efficiency and productivity in Finland
Trace element concentrations in the grain of wheat cultivars as affected by nitrogen fertilization
Integrated assessment of the impact of trade liberalization : a country study on the Nigerian rice sector
Development of anther culture for oat
Drought adaptation in cereals
The effect of nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations on nutrient balances of cereals and grass silage
Soil nitrate N as influenced by annually undersown cover crops in spring cereals
The cereal rusts. Vol. 1, Origins, specificity, structure, and physiology
An analysis of the influence of water and nutrient deficiencies on the spectral signature of barley : field measurements in the wavelength range 0.4-2.3 m
Seed biology and the yield of grain crops
Conventional and organic cropping system at Suitia = Suitian viljelyjärjestelmät
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
Descriptors for sorghum : Descripteurs du sorgho
Cereal quality III : [proceedings of the third AAB conference on cereal quality held at] Churchill College, Cambridge from 13-15th December 1993.
Experiments on hand-held radiometry and IR-thermography of winter wheat in field plot experiments
Mechanical, microstructural and barrier properties of agricultural biopolymer films and foams : a literature review
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
The phytic acid (PA), inorganic phosphorus (Pi), yellow pigment (YP), water soluble phenolics (WSPH) and free protein sulfhydryl groups (PSH) of 15 Triticum aestivum and 15 Triticum durum wheats grown at six different environments were evaluated for variability, intra- and inter- relations with agronomic traits. The most variable properties in bread wheat were YP and WSPH with coefficients of variation (CV) amounting to 14.59% and 14.10%, respectively, while in durum wheat those were PSH and YP with CV of 17.59% and 15.02%, respectively. PA in durum wheat showed the least variability (CV 3.61%). Among others, positive associations were obtained between WSPH and YP in bread and durum wheat, YP and PSH, WSPH and PSH, yield (YLD) and WSPH, YLD and PSH in durum wheat, while negative associations were recorded for PA and YP, PA and WSPH, YLD and antioxidants (YP and WSPH) in bread wheat, PA and antioxidants, PA and YLD in durum wheat..
Technical guideline for sorghum and millet seed production
Progress in irrigated rice research : selected papers and abstracts from the International rice research conference, 21-25 September 1987, Hangzhou, China
Cereals, key crops for the future : 27th Nordic Cerealist Conference : abstracts : Lo-skolen Helsingør, Denmark May 9-11, 1999.
Fodder oats : a world overview
Recent advances in the conservation and utilization of genetic resources : proceedings of the Global maize germplasm workshop, CIMMYT, Mexico, 6-12 March 1988.
Three winter wheat cultivars were grown under low-N and high-N fertilization rates over two growing seasons. In spite of smaller 1000-grain weight, the high-N fertilization produced higher grain yields as well as grain N and trace element concentrations in both growing seasons. Trace element increments with high-N rate averaged 14.0% for Fe, 9.2% for Zn, 19.7% for Mn, 13.2% for Cu, 15.1% for Ni, and 23.0% for Cd. Only Na concentration was unaffected by N fertilization, whereas Pb and Cr were below detection limits. Absolutely small, but significant differences existed among tested cultivars for all trace elements and these cultivar effects were uniform on both N fertilization rates. However, cultivars differed in their rankings for trace element concentrations across two growing seasons and these specific responses appeared to be closely related to grain N.
Relationships between climate and winter cereal grain quality in Finland and their potential for forecasting
Preharvest field sprouting in cereals
Composition of weed flora in spring cereals in Finland : a fourth survey
Seed protein improvement in cereals and grain legumes : proceedings of an international symposium on seed protein improvement in cereals and grain legumes jointly organized by the International Atomic Energy Agency and the Food and Agriculture organization of the United Nations in co-operation with the Gesellschaft für Strahlen- und Umweltforschung mbH and held in Neuherberg, 4-8 Sept. 1978
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Germination of weed seeds and competition in stands of weeds and barley : influences of mineral nutrients
Cereal disease methodology manual
Plant cultivation : proceedings of IV Estonian-Finnish Seminar = IV Eesti-Soome taimekasvatuse seminari teadusettekanded : September 24, 1998, Saku, Estonia
Finnish Grain Quality in 2013.
A colour handbook of diseases of small grain cereal crops
Combinable crops and the EC : a guide to European Community price support mechanisms and legislation affecting the marketing of cereals, and other combinable crops
Crops I
Drought tolerance in winter cereals : proceedings of an international workshop 27-31 October 1985, Capri, Italy
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
Transgenic cereals
Cereals : determinations of bulk density, called "mass per hectolitre". Part 1, Reference method
Meeting the challenge of yellow rust in cereal crops : proceedings of the First Regional Conference on Yellow Rust in the Central and West Asia and North Africa Region, 8-14 May 2001, Karaj, Iran
Trial results 1985 of the Hankkija plant breeding institute = Koetuloksia 1985
Lost crops of Africa. Vol. 1, Grains
Comparative performance of semi-tropical hybrids and open-pollinated varieties of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor L. Moench) in trials conducted by WASHAT and SADCC
Slow-release fertilizer to increase grain N content in spring wheat
The effect of different tillage-fertilization practices on the mycoflora of wheat grains
Modern crop protection compounds. Volume 2, Fungicides
Stability of cereal allergens
IR-thermography of canopy temperatures of wheat and barley at different nitrogen fertilization and irrigation : Hans-Eric Nilsson and Harry Linnér
Cereal breeding related to integrated cereal production : proceedings of the conference of the Cereal Section of EUCARPIA (European Association for Research on Plant Breeding), Wageningen, Netherlands, 24-26 February 1988
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
The cereal rusts. Vol. 2, Diseases, distribution, epidemiology, and control
Electrophoretic studies on the endoproteinases of oat grain
Cold acclimation in winter rye (Secale cereale L.) : identification and characterization of proteins involved in freezing tolerance
Non-wood plants as raw material for pulp and paper
Phytic acid, inorganic phosphorus, antioxidants in bread and durum wheat and their associations with agronomic traits
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
Growing Food  : A Guide to Food Production
Fungal plant pathogens causing cereal diseases in Finland have been studied by a literature survey, and a field survey of cereal leaf spot diseases conducted in 2009. Fifty-seven cereal fungal diseases have been identified in Finland. The first available references on different cereal fungal pathogens were published in 1868 and the most recent reports are on the emergence of Ramularia collo-cygni and Fusarium langsethiae in 2001. The incidence of cereal leaf spot diseases has increased during the last 40 years. Based on the field survey done in 2009 in Finland, Pyrenophora teres was present in 86%, Cochliobolus sativus in 90% and Rhynchosporium secalis in 52% of the investigated barley fields. Mycosphaerella graminicola was identified for the first time in Finnish spring wheat fields, being present in 6% of the studied fields. Stagonospora nodorum was present in 98% and Pyrenophora tritici-repentis in 94% of spring wheat fields. Oat fields had the fewest fungal diseases. Pyrenophora chaetomioides was present in 63% and Cochliobolus sativus in 25% of the oat fields studied.
Modern crop protection compounds. Volume 1, Herbicides
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Cereal Nitrogen Fixation : proceedings of the Working Group Meeting held at ICRISAT Center, India 9-12 October 1984
Effect of conservation tillage and peat application on weed infestation on a clay soil
Gluten-free cereal products and beverages
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen and phosphorus supplier to cereals and oilseed rape
Silage science and technology
Amaranth to zai holes : ideas for growing food under difficult conditions
The chemistry and technology of cereals as food and feed
Hulled wheats : proceedings of the First International Workshop on Hulled Wheats, 21-22 July 1995, Castelvecchio Pascoli, Tuscany, Italy
Ecophysiology of tropical crops
Seed technology and its biological basis
A cereal find from old Etruria
Encyclopedia of grain science. Vol. 3, [Q-Z]
Integrated assessment of the impact of trade liberalization : a country study on the Viet Nam rice sector
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) on cultivation of winter triticale, winter oilseed rape, winter wheat and maize. The average annual yields and protein yield achieved in crop rotation were studied. The field trials were carried out in north-eastern Poland in 2006-2010. The factor was dose of MBM: 1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1 or 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 and 5.0 t ha-1 every other year. The four-year experiment has proven that MBM is a valuable nitrogen and phosphorus fertilizer in cultivation of cereals and oilseed rape. By amendment of the tested meal into the soil it produced crop yield and protein yield similar to that achieved by mineral fertilization. However, the crude fat yield of rape was significantly higher under the influence of all the MBM doses. The yield-stimulating effect of MBM did not depend on the frequency of its application; therefore it is more convenient to apply it once every two years. Increasing MBM from 1.5 to 2.5 t ha-1 did not significantly increase any of the four crop yields, therefore for soils that had satisfactory nutrients content, 1 or 1.5 t ha-1 MBM is enough and increasing MBM will only increase economic burden for farmers and environmental risks.
Plant growth regulators to manipulate cereal growth in northern growing conditions
Small-scale grain raising
