http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4685 traffic offences
traffic offences
Counterterrorism and cybersecurity : total information awareness
A holistic look at the vast landscape of Internetsecurity-past, present, and futureA major attack on the Internet could wreak havoc onsociety-bringing down telephony, banking, business,government, media, and the energy grid. This book addresses thegrowing threats to the Internet from different sources, offeringin-depth guidance on how to combat them on both desktop and mobileplatforms.Edited by a specialist in holistic security with contributionsfrom experts in industry and academia, The Death of theInternet presents a unique, cross-disciplinary approach toInternet security. It goes beyond computer science to explore itssocial and psychological components, discussing politicallymotivated attacks, human error, and criminal tendencies. Geared tonon-technical readers and experts alike, the book clearly explainsthe general concepts of Internet security for managers anddecision-makers and provides engineers and industry professionalswith detailed instructions on how to develop effective designs withsecurity in mind. The Death of the Internet:. Covers topics of Internet security, online fraud, phishing, andmalware. Explores the growing need for dedicated smartphone Internetsecurity. Describes how security threats can result in loss of trust andadvertising revenues. Outlines proven countermeasures and explains how to implementthem using real-world examples. Reviews state-of-the-art research and future trends in Internetsecurity.
Introduction to computer networks and cybersecurity
Butterworths police law
Secret. 1
Creating a safer information society : National Information Security Advisory Board report submitted to the Government on 14 December 2004.
Road accident : prevent or punish?
Drinking-and-driving in Scandinavia
Computer forensics and cyber crime : an introduction
Real digital forensics : computer security and incident response
Grassroots memorials : the politics of memorializing traumatic death
Abstract (2 s.).
Information technology law
Marine intoxication in Swedish case law = Sjöfylleri i svensk rättspraxis
Accidents and violence 1988
25 years anniversary anthology in computers and law
The birthday present
XSS attacks : cross-site scripting exploits and defense
Drugs and driving
Feature selection in anomaly-based network intrusion detection systems
Malicious bots : an inside look into the cyber-criminal underground of the internet
Criminalizing the drink-driver
Introduction to e-commerce
Privacy on the line : the politics of wiretapping and encryption
Road traffic offences handbook
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statisical yearbook of Finland. 1991.
Cyberspace and cybersecurity
Studies in the causation and prevention of traffic crime
Firewalls and Internet security : repelling the wily hacker
The little white car : a novel
The effectiveness of punishment : especially in relation to traffic offenses
Stealing the network : how to own a shadow : the chase for Knuth
When will there be good news?
Handbook of computer crime investigation : forensic tools and technology
Risky business : protect your business form being stalked, conned, or blackmailed on the Web
Piracy : air and sea
Flashback
Cargo theft prevention : a handbook for logistics security
One good turn
Dead simple
Practical VoIP security
Travels in the scriptorium
Crime, criminology and public policy : essays in honour of Sir Leon Radzinowicz
Stealing the network : how to own an identity
Accident and crime victims in Finland 1997 : interim report of the 1997 national accident and crime victim survey
Malware : fighting malicious code
Crime at sea
Turn of mind
Computer ethics - some themes concerning moral aspects of hacking
Driving offences : law, policy and practice
Computer security : protecting digital resources
Hit and run
One good turn : a jolly murder mystery
Road traffic offenders and crime policy
Drunk driving : an American dilemma
Ethereal : packet sniffing
Computer law : the law and regulation of information technology
Secret. 3, Final
The tension among the survivors of the bus accident reaches its threshold as the one-week deadline finally arrives. The three killers may have confessed, but does this mean that all their sins are accounted for? What truly constitutes a crime? Or to what extent is an action criminal? And when the gavel falls on their sentences, perhaps all might not be as it seems.
Deterrence of computer network crime : the international coordinating level approach towards legislation
Managing trust in cyberspace
Hack I.T. : security through penetration testing
Investigating computer-related crime
Lockerbie : the story and the lessons
Risk factors for drunk driving : results from a long-term study in Uusimaa in Finland 1990-2008
Five issues in European criminal justice : corruption, women in the criminal justice system, criminal policy indicators, community crime prevention, and computer crime : proceedings of the VI European Colloquium on Crime and Criminal Policy : Helsinki 10-12 December 1998
Everything to lose
Abstract: Survey of hacking in Finland in 1990's - summary of the results.
The death of the internet
Victimisation and fear in Finland 2003 : interim report of the 2003 national survey of victimisation to accidents, violence, property crime, and fear
Hacking exposed(TM) VoIP : Voice over IP security secrets & solutions
Secret. 2
Practical UNIX and Internet security
Netlaw : your rights in the online world
The art of deception : controlling the human element of security
The history of information security : a comprehensive handbook
Victims and opinions. 2
Business & law on the internet
Payments and credits
Secrets and lies : digital security in a networked world
Introduction to computer and network security : navigating shades of gray
"This fourth edition of Information Technology Law has been completely revised in the light of developments within the field since publication of the first edition in 1997. Now dedicated to a more detailed analysis of and commentary on the latest developments within this burgeoning field of law, this new edition is an essential read for all those interested in the interface between law and technology and the effect of new technological developments on the law. New additions to the fourth edition include: - analysis of regulatory issues and jurisdictional questions - specific consideration of intermediary liability - developments in privacy and data protection - extension of computer crime laws - developments in software patents - open source software and the legal implications"--
e-policy : how to develop computer, e-mail and internet guidelines to protect your company and its assets
