http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p468 gerontology
gerontology
International handbook on ageing : contemporary developments and research
Gerontological nursing : concepts and practice
What is age? A simple question but not that easy to answer. "Unmasking Age" addresses it using data from a series of research projects relating to later life. This is supplemented by material from a range of other sources including diaries and fiction. Drawing on a long career in social research, Bill Bytheway critically examines various methods and discusses ways of uncovering the realities of age.
Abstract.
Dictionary of gerontology
Physical exercise and activity for the aging : proceedings of an international seminar, June 1975
Geriatrics
Ageing. Vol. 1, Origins, theories and practical concerns
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of adulthood and aging
The psychology of human ageing
Transforming palliative care in nursing homes : the social work role
Unmasking age : the significance of age for social research
Gerontological Nursing: Competencies for Care, Third Edition is a comprehensive and student-accessible text that offers a holistic and inter-disciplinary approach to caring for the elderly. The framework for the text is built around the Core Competencies set forth by the American Association of Colleges of Nursing (AACN) and the John A. Hartford Foundation Institute for Geriatric Nursing. This new edition gives students the skills and theory needed to provide outstanding care for the growing elderly population. Key features include chapter outlines, learning objectives, discussion questions, personal reflection boxes, and case studies.
Journal of aging and physical activity : an official journal of the European Group for Research into Elderly and Physical Activity
"The cultural in gerontology: challenges, approaches and methods" : symposium programme and proceedings
Writing old age
The encyclopedia of aging : a comprehensive resource in gerontology and geriatrics
Aging in the new millennium : a global view
Older rehabilitees’ life course agency in Finnish gerontological rehabilitation
Scope and standards of gerontological nursing practice ; [chairperson, JoAnn G. Congdon ... [et al.]
Geriatric nursing for practical nurses
Navigating the journey of aging parents : what care receivers want
Environmental gerontology : making meaningful places in old age
Gerontology and the construction of old age : a study in discourse analysis
Congress-proceedings : 8th Scandinavian Congress of Gerontology : Tampere, May 25th - 28th 1986.
Case-based geriatrics : a global approach
The aging experience : an introduction to social gerontology
Gerontological social work
Gerontologic nursing
"Getting older is something none of us anticipate with enthusiasm. There are things we can do in our 20's and 30's that may not be possible in our advancing years, and whilst some may actively resist or ignore the consequences of aging, change is inevitable; But whilst our physical capabilities may become limited, what concerns many people much more is cognitive decline - the aging of the mind. Professor Patrick Rabbitt has been a cognitive gerontologist studying the aging process for over half a century. Now in his late 70's, he is in the unique position of being able to interpret his own experiences through a comprehensive understanding of what gerontological research can tell us about the aging process. In this unique book, Professor Rabbitt offers his insights from a lifetime of work studying how the mind ages, but also informed by his own experiences and insights in living through this aging process. He explains why our sensual and cognitive experiences change as we get older, including how our memories evolve, as well as what cognitive changes mean for our overall physical and emotional well-being. He is able to debunk popular myths about the aging process, and offer possible routes whereby we can manage our lives better as we get older. This is a fascinating account of the aging process from one of the most eminent gerontologists working today. Its warmth and candour will make it an enlightening read for anyone interested in their own or a relative's advancing years; its rigour and comprehensiveness will make ideal reading for any student seeking an accessible alternative to standard textbooks on aging"--
Annual review of gerontology & geriatrics
Gerontological social work : international perspectives
Research Navigator guide for Social gerontology : a multidisciplinary perspective
Growing older without feeling old : on vitality and ageing
Aging, isolation and resocialization
Handbook of mental health and aging
Gerontology : a behavioral science approach
Gerontological social work practice in long-term care
COMMUNICATIONS TO THE 8TH EUROPEAN CONGRESS OF CLINICAL GERONTOLOGY
Geragogics : European research in gerontological education and educational gerontology
You bring out the music in me : music in nursing homes
Gerontology : responding to an Ageing Society
Sociology of aging : international perspectives
Life span extension : consequences and open questions
Gerontological psychology
Canine and feline geriatrics
Mechanisms of ageing and development
Aging and older adulthood
Aging, theory and globalization
Frail, but happy : the importance of self-management ability and social comparison for the subjective well-being of elderly persons
Aging and old age
International journal of aging and human development : a journal of psychosocial gerontology
"The third edition of this essential text has been updated and expanded with new material that reflects the most recent developments in the field, and explores our current understanding of a broad range of topics related to aging and older adulthood. -Fresh edition includes updated content such as revised case histories and reworked material on key concepts and research applications -Retains the winning format of the second edition, with chapter contents framed by individual histories -Dual models add cohesiveness to the presentation of theory -Thematic structure facilitates reader comprehension -Instructor resources provided online upon publication at www.wiley.com/go/erber"--
Physical activity and sport in later life : critical perspectives
Aging as a social process : an introduction to individual and population aging
Aging : concepts and controversies
Research on aging
Ageing, meaning and social structure : connecting critical and humanistic gerontology
Canadian journal on aging
Introduction to aging : a positive, interdisciplinary approach
Aging and leisure : a research perspective into the meaningful use of time
Efforts to assemble a comprehensive reference of universal knowledge date back to Aristotle, and some consider the work Natural History of Pliny the Elder to be the first encyclopedia. By the nineteenth century, encyclopedias had become more specialized, in line with expanding knowledge that required many sources. The Encyclopedia of Gerontology, second edition, is illustrative of the character of gerontology itself, universal by its capacious nature, while at the same time specialized. That is one reason, among many, that makes the field so extraordinary and inviting. The growth of aging populations and the advance of longevity, after all, reflect one of the great universal historic demographic shifts of all time. And with this revolution in longevity have come numerous challenges – social, economic, political, ethical, and personal – requiring a range of special adjustments. This fine encyclopedia reflects both the challenges and the adjustments.  Conventional knowledge notes that as societies increase in wealth, they are in a better position to provide social, health, and other benefits for their citizens. But based upon recently acquired knowledge, the reverse is also true, that health and longevity promote wealth. Svanborg, Manton, and others have found that as a result of social, medical, and public health advances, people not only are living longer but also are more likely to enjoy more disability-free years. These two facts strengthen the prospectus for increasing years of productive engagement. This demographic shift constitutes a great human achievement, compelling, in turn, the transformation of our culture and the personal experience of growing older that is at hand. It will lead to a body of new concepts and data concerning old age – and to an expanding encyclopedia.
This newest edition of a core graduate level textbook has added six new chapters to further enrich the “gerontological imagination,” and encourage an interdisciplinary approach to the study of aging. Academically rigorous yet clear and accessible, the text provides the most current findings from leading gerontological researchers and practitioners. New and updated chapters examine biology, exercise science/nutrition, communication science, geriatric medicine and nursing, demography, anthropology, economics, human development, psychology, political science, sociology, social work, and law, to provide broadly drawn perspectives on the study of aging. Special emphasis is placed on current challenges regarding policy and service delivery in the face of fiscal uncertainty. Additionally, this new edition covers international outlooks on aging given the increasing influence of globalization on individual lives. By interweaving knowledge from a broad range of disciplines, Wilmoth and Ferraro have created a comprehensive picture of gerontology today that will enhance course instruction and provide a new window into the future of the discipline.
The third edition of this essential text has been updated and expanded with new material that reflects the most recent developments in the field, and explores our current understanding of a broad range of topics related to aging and older adulthood. -Fresh edition includes updated content such as revised case histories and reworked material on key concepts and research applications -Retains the winning format of the second edition, with chapter contents framed by individual histories -Dual models add cohesiveness to the presentation of theory -Thematic structure facilitates reader comprehension -Instructor resources provided online upon publication at www.wiley.com/go/erber"-- Provided by publisher.
Gerontological social work : a task-centered approach
Geriatrics & gerontology of the dog and cat
Human ageing and later life : multidisciplinary perspectives
Aging in the twenty-first century : a developmental perspective
Gerontological nursing : a new kind of expertise through cooperation between training and working life
Handbook of the biology of aging
Gerontology : changes, challenges, and solutions. Volume 2, Health and wellbeing
Ageing today : a positive approach to caring for elderly people
The journals of gerontology. A, Biological sciences and medical sciences
The new culture of dementia care
Biogerontology : mechanisms and interventions
Ageing. Vol. 2, Forms and practice
Gerontology for the health care professional
Ethics and aging : the right to live, the right to die
The gerontological prism : developing interdisciplinary bridges
The aging mind : an owner's manual
Mental health and aging : programs and evaluations
Old age in Europe : a textbook of gerontology
Aging, the individual, and society
Research in gerontology : Finnish and English summaries
Encyclopedia of gerontology : age, aging, and the aged
Storying later life : issues, investigations, and interventions in narrative gerontology
Journal of gerontology
Social network and self conception of elderly people
Ageing, meaning and social structure is a unique book advancing critical discourse in gerontology and makes a major contribution to understanding key social and ethical dilemmas facing ageing societies. It confronts and integrates approaches that have been relatively isolated from each other, and interrelates two major streams of thought within critical gerontology: analyses of structural issues in the context of political economy and humanistic perspectives on issues of existential meaning. The chapters, from a wide range of contributors, focus on major issues in ageing such as autonomy, agency, frailty, lifestyle, social isolation, dementia and professional challenges in social work and participatory research. This volume should be valuable reading for scholars and graduate students in gerontology and humanistic studies, as well as for policy-makers and practitioners working in the field of ageing
Social gerontology : new directions
GEROVITAL H3 : NEUROTROPIC, ANTIDEPRESSIVE, VITAMINIC, EUTROPHIC AND REGENERATIVE FACTOR IN THE TREATMENT OF AGEING AND TROPHIC DISTURBANCES
This edition details the impact of societal forces on the aging process. Fully reorganized with the addition of new materials, the book focuses on the diversity of the older population, examining it from macro/micro perspectives to understand aging and the life course as a social phenomenon.--[book cover]
Health in an older society
Gerontology : perspectives and issues
Aging, society, and the life course
Oxford desk reference : geriatric medicine
Social Welfare, Aging and Social Theory explores how we can understand the changing relationship between social welfare and human aging. The book begins by reviewing how historical changes in society impacted on shaping emergence of scientific approaches to understand and problematize and bio-medicalize aging as akin to an illness and disease. The discussion moves to trace how particular social science theories were developed to reinforce negative perceptions of aging. The book also develops its own reflexive approach with in-depth examples of social welfare in national, international and global contexts in how aging is theorized in the postmodern world were alternative possibilities can be encountered.
Stratification among the aged
Aging : the social context
Ethnicity and gerontological social work
Arts and crafts for the elderly : a resource book for activity directors in healthcare facilities
A living lab facility on safety in homes among the elderly and elderly disabled : a literature review
Basic geriatric nursing
Continuity and adaption in aging : creating positive experiences
Adult development & aging : biopsychosocial perspectives
Journal of cross-cultural gerontology
Evidence - based medicine in the elderly : programme and abstracts
Aging, society and the life course
Qualitative gerontology : a contemporary perspective
Aging : scientific perspectives and social issues
The psychology of ageing : an introduction
An introduction to the profession of social  work : becoming a change agent
Experimental aging research
European perspectives on elderly people = Ältere Menschen aus europäischen Blickwinkeln
Applied research in gerontology
Crossing frontiers : gerontology emerges as a science
Growth, development, and aging
The neuropsychology of aging
Diploma of Higher Education : Competence modules for everyone
Caring for older people : developing specialist practice
Journal of aging and health
Practice of geriatrics
Handbook of aging and the social sciences
Gerontological nursing : competencies for care
This exceptional collection draws on the most recent demographic data and combines classic research with cutting-edge approaches to provide an invaluable overview of the developmental psychology of the adult years. Covers a wide range of topics within adult development and aging, from theoretical perspectives to specific content areasIncludes newly commissioned essays from the top researchers in the fieldTakes a biopsychosocial perspective, covering the biological, psychological and social changes that occur in adulthood.
Gerontology : changes, challenges, and solutions. Volume 1, Social and life course issues
Introductory gerontological nursing
Social gerontology : a multidisciplinary perspective
Journal of aging and physical activity
Perspectives on gerontological nursing
Journal of gerontological social work
Women and aging
Gerontechnology : technology and aging - starting into the third millenium
Brocklehurst's textbook of geriatric medicine and gerontology
Educational activity programs for older adults : a 12-month idea guide for adult education instructors and activity directors in gerontology
Meaning of intergenerational relations : impact on self-construction and life satisfaction among elderly women and men
Physical & occupational therapy in geriatrics : current trends in geriatric rehabilitation
Tracing gender in political ageing strategies and the press in Finnish Lapland
Ageing and social policy : a critical assessment
Men and aging : a selected, annotated bibliography
Ageing & society
Environmental gerontology : what now? / edited by Rick J. Scheidt and Benyamin Schwarz
Social forces and aging : an introduction to social  gerontology
The course of later life : research and reflections
Many years or good years?
Inevitable aging? : contributions to evolutionary-demographic theory
Acculturating age : approaches to cultural gerontology
Abstractbok
Oral history and ageing
Special research methods for gerontology
Later life : the social psychology of aging
Issues in aging
Journal of applied gerontology : the official journal of the Southern Gerontological Society
The encyclopedia of aging
Introduction to educational gerontology
Geron : yearbook
Handbook of applied gerontology
Social welfare, aging, and social theory
Social work and Alzheimer's disease : practice issues with victims and their families
