http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4682 family day care
family day care
Fields and capitals : constructing local life
Synthesis report on demographic behaviour, existing population related policies and expectations men and women have corcerning the state
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
Citizen, mother, worker : debating public responsibility for child care after the Second World War
How to be an outstanding childminder
Child care and corporate productivity : resolving family/work conflicts
Family day care : international perspectives on policy, practice and quality
The costs of children : parenting and democracy in contemporary Europe
Children, families, and states : time policies of childcare, preschool, and primary education in Europe
The childminder's companion : a practical guide to looking after other people's children
Babies and bosses : reconciling work and family life. Vol. 3, New Zealand, Portugal and Switzerland
Children, families and the welfare state : studies on the outcomes of the Finnish family policy
Working families and growing kids : caring for children and adolescents
Negotiated care : the experience of family day care providers
Childminding : a guide to good practice
Reforming the Bismarckian welfare systems
An ordinary marriage : the world of a gentry family in provincial Russia
Jemima and Jake's new babysitter doesn't look too promising. In fact she looks very sensible, very old and VERY small (she only comes up to daddy's armpit!). But the moment their parents leave the house, Marge gives a mischievous wink, takes off her hat and reveals a marvellous mane of rainbow-coloured hair! Marge really is a babysitter like no other and the children spend a wild evening with her - racing snails, slurping chocolate soup and mixing potions in the bath! But if Jake and Jemima want her to babysit again it's time for them to take charge of Marge, tidy up and settle her down for a little sleep. Three hilarious, anarchic and charming MARGE stories from A-list actress, mother, writer and comedian Isla Fisher. Ages 7+
Marge in charge
Childcare, choice and class practices : middle-class parents and their children
Family day care rating scale : score sheet
Babies and bosses : reconciling work and family life : a synthesis of findings for OECD countries
Family involvement in early childhood education : research into practice
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership. Parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area. : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations."
Family day care : current research for informed public policy
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Early childhood education and care in Finland
Towards integration and quality assurance in children's services
Process evaluation of business subsidies in Finland : a quantitative approach
A family landscape : on the geographical distances between elderly parents and adult children in Sweden
Creating Physical Education Lessons for Family Childminders
Evidence-based practices and programs for early childhood care and education
Early childhood education and care in Europe : tackling social and cultural inequalities
Family day care in Germany - the gap between vision and reality
Early childhood education and care policy in Finland
Who takes care of the children? : the quantity-quality model revisited
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
OECD country note : early childhood education and care policy in Finland
Early childhood education and care policy in Finland : background report prepared for the OECD thematic review of early childhood education and care policy
Issues in child care
Canada's children : investing in our future : report of the Standing Committee on Health and Welfare, Social Affairs, Seniors and the Status of Women, Sub-Committee on Poverty = Les enfants du Canada : notre avenir : rapport du Comité permanent de la santé et du bien-être social, des affaires sociales, du troisième âge et de la condition féminine, Sous-comité sur la pauvreté
Personalizing care with infants, toddlers and families
The modern child and the flexible labour market : early childhood education and care
Mothers' employment and childcare use in Britain
The autonomous state of childcare : policy and the policy process in Britain
The daycare handbook : a parents' guide to finding and keeping quality daycare in Canada
The public daycare system in transition
Family caregivers of persons with Alzheimer's disease : focusing on the sense of coherence and adaptation to caregiving : an ALSOVA follow-up study
Reconciling work and family in the nordic countries : tracing the values of national action plans for employment of Finland, Sweden and Denmark and Government Programs and King's Speeches of Norway
We are not babysitters : family childcare providers redefine work and care
Don't want to go!
Summary (s. 3).
Reconciliation of work and family life for men and women and the equality of care services : report on existing research in the European Union
Rethinking children's care
Who cares? : childminding in the 1990s
Summary.
Visible child - invisible quality : summary report on the International Conference, 15.-18.11.1997 in Helsinki, Finland
IEA preprimary study in Finland. 3, How parents and teachers express their educational expectations for developing and teaching young children
Finnish family policy
Babies and bosses : reconciling work and family life. Vol. 4, Canada, Finland, Sweden and the United Kingdom
Family child care environment rating scale
International handbook of child care policies and programs
School-age childcare in the European Union : European network for school-age childcare
Reconciling work and family : good practices from Finland, Poland and Spain
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership : parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations"
What's wrong with day care : freeing parents to raise their own children
Government resolution concerning the national policy definition on early childhood education and care
Contemporary issues in the early years
Legal concepts of childhood
Summary (s. 7-8) : Services for people with intellectual disabilities in 2004.
The politics of child daycare in Britain
The policies of reproduction at the turn of the 21st century : the cases of Finland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Austria, and the US
Childcare arrangements and children's daily activities in Belgium and Finland
Support and  collaboration at a Christian day care centre : parents' opinions
