http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4690 attribution
attribution
Interpersonal evaluation of knowledge in distributed team collaboration
Tribal & village rugs : the definitive guide to design, pattern and motif
The self-defensive attribution theory revisited : a culture-comparative analysis between Finland and Ghana in the work environment
Credit and blame
"In this book Martha Buskirk addresses the fact that since the early 1960s, almost everything can be and has been called art. Among other practices, contemporary artists have employed mass-produced elements, impermanent materials, and appropriated imagery, have incorporated performance and video, and have created works through instructions carried out by others. Furthermore, works of art that lack traditional signs of authenticity or permanence have been embraced by institutions long devoted to the original and the permanent." "Buskirk explores how artists active in the 1980s and 1990s have recombined strategies of the art of the 1960s and 1970s. She also shows how the mechanisms through which art is presented shape not only readings of the work but the work itself. She uses her discussion of the readymade and conceptual art to explore broader issues of authorship, reproduction, context, and temporality."--BOOK JACKET.
Folk psychological narratives : the sociocultural basis of understanding reasons
Explanations in organizations : an overwiew
How to read paintings
Social psychology : traditional and critical perspectives
Attribution : an introduction to theories, research, and applications
Finnish summary.
How the mind explains behavior : folk explanations, meaning, and social interaction
Ohi katsova prelaatti : näkökohtia Sinebrychoffin taidemuseon renessanssimuotokuvaan = The prelate looks sideways : new light on a Renaissance portrait at the Sinebrychoff Art Museum
Attributing old master paintings is one of the most difficult tasks of the art historian. Moreover, the stakes can be high, especially when the painting in question might be that of a famous master. The difference in price between an authentic old master painting and a work 'in the manner of' a well-known painter can add up to several million dollars. The fingerprint of an Old Master discusses issues regarding attribution of Dutch and Flemish paintings of the seventeent-century. Rembrandt's David and Jonathan (Hermitage, St. Petersburg), de-attributed by the Rembrandt Research Project in 1989, provides an unique oppurtunity to compare seventeenth- and twentieth-century conoisseurship. An analysis of the painting based on terms of seventeenth-century art theory shows that the painting must have been successful according to contemporary standards of appreciation, that is, worthy of carrying Rembrandt's name.
Attribution theory in the organizational sciences : theoretical and empirical contributions
Tehniline kunstiajalugu - kunstiajaloo tehnikad? = Technical art history - technics of art history?
"Totta kai se riippuu opettajasta!" : a study of success and failure attributions among Finnish students of English
Motivation in education : theory, research and applications
The eye of the connoisseur : authenticating paintings by Rembrandt and his contemporaries / Anna Tummers
The trouble with blame : victims, perpetrators, and responsibility
Social cognition : an integrated introduction
On connoisseurship and reason in the authentication of art
Attribution and social interaction : the legacy of Edward E. Jones
Achievement motivation and attribution theory
Spontaneous attributions of social interaction : focus and causal categories
"Olisi se ollut helpompaa nuorempana" : a study on motivation and causal explanations among Finnish adult learners of English
Attribution theory : social and functional extensions
Attribution : basic issues and applications
Recent developments in the technical examination of early Netherlandish painting : methodology, limitations & perspectives / edited by Molly Faries and Ron Spronk
The eye of the connoisseur : authenticating paintings by Rembrandt and his contemporaries
Parents' causal attributions concerning their children's academic achievement
Caravaggio : the mystery of the two Saint Francis in meditation / Rossella Vodret
Le Maître au Feuillage brodé : démarches d'artistes et mëthodes d'attribution d'oeuvres à un peintre anonyme des ancies Pays-Bas du XVe siécle : colloque = The Master of the Embroidered Folliage : artist's processes and attribution methods to an anonymus  / organisé par le Palais des Beaux-Arts de Lille les 23 et 24 juin 2005 ; sous la direction scientifique de Florence Gombert, Didier Martens ; sous l'égide de FRAME, avec la collaboration de the Minneapolis Institute of Arts, Minneapolis, Minnesota and the
Motivation in education : theory, research, and applications
Presents the case for an exciting new research program in the social sciences based on the theory of recognition developed by Axel Honneth and others in recent years. The theory provides a frame for revealing new insights about conflicts and the potential of recognition theory to guide just resolutions of these conflicts is also explored.
The developmental dynamics between causal attributions and self-concept of ability from 7th grade through 9th grade
The contingent object of contemporary art
Recognition theory as social research
Religious orientation and the attribution of success and failure : an explorative study in different cultural contexts
Why?
Social psychology : attitudes, cognition and social behaviour
The contingent object of contemporary art / Martha Buskirk
Against essentialism : toward language awareness
Attributions in action : a practical approach to coding qualitative data
