http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p469 medicine (science)
medicine (science)
Programme and abstracts : 2nd meeting, Espoo, Finland 15-17 October 1989
Journal of laboratory and clinical medicine
Mind maps in medicine
Health in Prospect - High-tech Medicine, Life Enhancement and the Economy of Hope
Difference equations with public health applications
Nature therapy and preventive medicine
Cecil textbook of medicine
Synthesising qualitative research : choosing the right approach
The Hagströmer Medico-Historical Library was established in 1997 in order to take care of the collections of old and rare books that since the early 19th century were kept by the library of the Swedish Society of Medicine (founded in 1807) and the Karolinska Institutet (founded in 1810). The most valuable part derives from the old Collegium Medicum (1663-1812), whose library and manuscript collection were taken over by the Karolinska Institutet in 1816. Practically all the books derive from donations from distinguished Swedish physicians of the 18th and early 19th century, but many valuable donations of private special collections were added in the early 20th century.
Hair care :  an illustrated dermatologic handbook
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
Quality of life and side effects in patients with localized prostate cancer : evaluation with self-assessment questionnaires
Quantitative methods for health research : a practical interactive guide to epidemiology and statistics
From measurements to information : a travel guide through the phase space
The medical word book : a spelling and vocabulary guide to medical transcription
The effect of acupuncutre on chronic pain in dogs suffering from hip dysplasia and osteoarthritis : subjective assessments
Assessment of skin physiology is moving rapidly away from a purely descriptive approach as we gain a deeper understanding of biophysical and biochemical processes in the stratum corneum, such as those relating to its barrier function and hydration. As a result of research utilizing bioengineering methods, reliable and reproducible approaches are now available for product testing in the pharmaceutical and cosmetic industry as well as in basic research. This book examines in detail all aspects of cosmetic testing -- legal, general, and practical. After discussion of regulatory and ethical issues and guidelines, essential guidance is provided on the planning, performance, and evaluation of scientific studies in skin physiology. The topics addressed range from laboratory and staffing requirements through to testing devices and methods, factors influencing measurements, and study design. In addition, detailed information is provided on test settings for a range of cosmetic products. All of the authors are recognized experts in their field. This book will be invaluable to researchers, students, and medical staff in explaining how best to assess skin functions in controlled studies using non-invasive biophysical instruments.
Music and medicine
Differences in medicine : unraveling practices, techniques, and bodies
The XV Symposium of the Signe and Ane Gyllenberg Foundation : research in anthroposophical medicine
Handbook of MRI technique
Healthcare facilitators' and students' conceptions of teaching and learning : an international case study
In this article, high-tech medicine is approached as life enhancement technology. Today, the most advanced medical technology operates on the level of cells and molecules, thus opening unprecedented prospects not only for curing and preventing illness but also for shaping of life itself. Thus, high-tech medicine seems to offer more efficient means to remove the restrictions of physical abilities and to improve and 'repair' vital processes. It promises to enhance life. The essay focuses on two aspects of this development. The first issue analysed is the tendency in high-tech medicine to connect medical progress to augmentation of personal choices on health and life improvement. Further, also the economical side is discussed by focusing on the role the patients' activism in high-tech medical business. The argument of the essay is the following: the power to raise hopes for new cures and better life in people is a crucial characteristic of today's high-tech medicine. Consequently, it is the people living in such a hope who provides uel for both technological progress and profitseeking in today's medicine.
Clown Doctors : a clown is like an aspirin, only he works twice as fast
The annual general meeting of the Federation of Veterinarians of Europe held in Lisbon on 28-29 May 1998.
The new medicine and the old ethics
Health communication : theory, method, and application / edited by Nancy Grant Harrington
Check your English vocabulary for medicine : vocabulary workbook
The construction of the numerical thorax model from a realistic physical model
Journal of histotechnology
Prescriptions in telepsychiatry
Towards meaningful simulation-based learning with medical students and junior physicians
Publications from the Medical Department of the Kivelä Hospital : Helsinki. IV
Cerebral ischemia studied with positron emission tomography and microdialysis
In a different key : the story of aurism
Blackwell's nursing dictionary
Arthroscopic ultrasound imaging of articular cartilage
Doctors of body, soul and society : Scottish medical missionaries of the Livingstonia mission in Nyasaland 1875-1914
The Oxford medical companion
Molecular diagnostic aspects of Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
A social history of medicine
Complementary & alternative therapies in nursing
Medical applications and technical standardization of teleconferencing
The Latin component in English medical texts and some of the possibilities it offers for interdisciplinary integrated teaching
Through close analysis of texts, cultural and civic communities, and intellectual history, the papers in this collection, for the first time, propose a dynamic relationship between rhetoric and medicine as discourses and disciplines of cure in early modern Europe. Although the range of theoretical approaches and methodologies represented here is diverse, the essays collectively explore the theories and practices, innovations and interventions, that underwrite the shared concerns of medicine, moral philosophy, and rhetoric: care and consolation, reading, policy, and rectitude, signinference, selfhood, and autonomy - all developed and refined at the intersection of areas of inquiry usually thought distinct. From Italy to England, from the sixteenth through to the mid-eighteenth century, early modern moral philosophers and essayists, rhetoricians and physicians investigated the passions and persuasion, vulnerability and volubility, theoretical intervention and practical therapy in the dramas, narratives, and disciplines of public and private cure. The essays are relevant to a wide range of readers, including cultural, literary, and intellectual historians, historians of medicine and philosophy, and scholars of rhetoric.
Biochemistry for the medical sciences
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 3, Social horticulture
"The success of the Apgar score demonstrates the astounding power of an appropriate clinical instrument. This down-to-earth book provides practical advice, underpinned by theoretical principles, on developing and evaluating measurement instruments in all fields of medicine. It equips you to choose the most appropriate instrument for specific purposes. The book covers measurement theories, methods and criteria for evaluating and selecting instruments. It provides methods to assess measurement properties, such as reliability, validity and responsiveness, and interpret the results. Worked examples and end-of-chapter assignments use real data and well-known instruments to build your skills at implementation and interpretation through hands-on analysis of real-life cases. All data and solutions are available online. This is a perfect course book for students and a perfect companion for professionals/researchers in the medical and health sciences who care about the quality and meaning of the measurements they perform"--Provided by publisher.
Art portraying medicine
A systematic literature review on use of technology in diabetes management among nurses : benefits and barriers
Planning health promotion programs : an intervention mapping approach
Scandinavian journal of surgery : official organ for The Finnish Surgical Society and The Scandinavian Surgical Society
Medical geography : techniques and field studies
International journal of bioelectromagnetism
Abnormal : lectures at the Collège de France 1974-1975
MRI at a glance
Allergy :  an atlas of investigation and management
Fountain society : a novel
Yangsheng Zhonghua = A Canon of Chinese health regimens
Finnish summary.
Finding information in science, technology and medicine
Cochrane handbook for systematic reviews of interventions : version 5.1.0
Designing clinical research
Statistics in medicine : based on the proceedings of a conference on Applications of Statistics in Medicine organized by The Institute of Mathematics and its Applications and held at the University of Wales College of Cardiff in April 1988
Science, technology, and the art of medicine : European-American dialogues
Translation and medicine
How to teach the doctor? : ten laws to teach medicine
Demystifying big data and machine learning for healthcare
Statistical first aid : interpretation of health research data
JoVE Science Education Videos
Animal experiments and alternatives in biomedical research
Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura with a high antistreptolysin titer : report of case
No easy choices - the dificult priorities of health care : report
A great success : the first meeting of the Nordic Veterinary Management association
Evidence based quality assurance   in digital dental imaging
Illness over time: comparing and contrasting medieval crusaders with modern physicians
The illustrated history of medicine
Delivery of biologics to the retinal pigment epithelium
Mass-spectrometric analysis of glycerophospholipid metabolism
Finnish radiological bibliography. 1896-1963
On adjectives in medical English : a comparative analysis of medical journal texts and newspaper texts
Biodistribution studies in small animal models using pre-clinical SPECT/CT imaging
The Biomedical & Life Sciences Collection
"Male menopause" : the birth of a new illness?
Body Area Network  Standardization, Analysis and Application
Polymer science and engineering : the shifting research frontiers
Pervasive and mobile sensing and computing for healthcare : technological and social issues
Skeletal and neuroradiological findings related to Unverricht-Lundborg disease (EPM1)
Concise medical dictionary
Multi-element analysis in humans by inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectrometry with emphasis on trace elements : methodology and application
Vaccine race : how scientists used human cells to combat killer viruses
Medical terminology for dummies
Industrial chromatography news
Revenue Models of Mobile Health Applications : Free-to-play applications
Improving the user experience of evidence : a design approach to evidence-informed heath care
Finnish radiological bibliography. 2, 1964-1969
Volume three of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places analyses in depth the scientific and scholastic concepts interacting with the arts, medicine and humanities which now underpin the rapidly evolving subject of Social Horticulture. This covers: Horticulture and Society, Diet and Health, Psychological Health, Wildlife, Horticulture and Public Welfare, Education, Extension, Economics, Exports and Biosecurity, Scholarship and Art, Scholarship and Literature, Scholarship and History and the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. This volume takes the evolution of this Discipline firmly into the 21st Century. It breaks new ground by providing a detailed analysis of the value of Horticulture as a force for enhancing society in the form of human welfare, health and well-being. The authors consider how knowledge is transferred within and between generations, and the place of Horticulture in the Arts and Humanities.These studies transcend the barriers between science and the arts. Social benefits of an association with plants include reducing the potential for domestic violence, vandalism, ethnic conflict and crime by building interpersonal social relationships and networks. Two chapters examine the means by which knowledge is delivered and the wider contexts within which Horticultural Education is provided. Understanding the Economics of Horticulture is of paramount importance in justifying public and private financial provisions for the discipline. Biosecurity is not easily achieved because global travel takes new plants, microbes and animals around the world at ever increasing speed. Of particular significance in this volume are the three chapters dealing with aspects of the relationship between Horticulture and scholarship embracing art, literature and history. This is an ancient relationship where Horticultural Science unites with and demonstrates its artistic and historical credentials.Finally, there is an examination of the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. Culturally gardening has much to do with the relationship between man, plants and the human spirit. It is a truism that 'Horticulture is to English Literature as Gardening is to Theatre'. This book is a sign post for the future of Social Horticulture.
Research ethics
Black's medical dictionary
Practical aspects of cosmetic testing : how to set up a scientific study in skin physiology
Bacteriological examinations in maxillary sinusitis
Salute, malattia, morte : India ed Europa a confronto : atti dell'International workshop "Health and illness: a comparison of concept in India and Europe" organizatto dall'Istituto Veneto di Scienze, Lettere ed Arti e dall'Associazione Italia-India di Venezia
Sex hormones, exercise and women : scientific and clinical aspects
Current practice in forensic medicine
Veterinary and animal ethics : proceedings of the fist international conference on veterinary animal ethics, September 2011
Season of birth in suicidology : neurobiological and epidemiological studies
Hospital-based palliative medicine : a practical, evidence-based approach
Medicine : an illustrated history
This is a new methodology in health care. Recently, health care policymakers and practitioners have recognised the potential contribution of qualitative research to support decision making. Different methodological approaches have been developed and used in practice. Some approaches have focused on the inclusion of qualitative data only. Others have experimented with the integration of both quantitative and qualitative research results, or have been used to complement results from quantitative reviews. This book provides the first overview of commonly used qualitative synthesis approaches in health care, with worked examples illustrating how appropriate methods are used in different situations. The methods covered include: Meta-aggregation; Meta-ethnography; Critical interpretive synthesis; Realist review; Mixed methods approach; and, Bayesian approaches to the synthesis of qualitative and quantitative research findings. Written by experienced researchers from three continents, "Synthesising Qualitative Research" is an authoritative yet accessible introduction to these new methodologies and will be an invaluable tool to all who are involved in systematic reviewing. It aims to guide and assist researchers and professionals in choosing the right approach for their particular review projects.
Turner's syndrome : in 115 Danish girls born between 1955 and 1966
Evidence-based medicine
Stem cell chimerism in the germ cell lineage? : a polymorphic marker study
Trauma radiology companion : methods, guidelines, and imaging fundamentals
Final report on the evaluation of the faculty of medicine : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes of the University of Helsinki
Psychopathology, neuropsychology and neurophysiology in chronic schizophrenia : a simple heuristic model
Dimensions of university student learning in medicine and pharmacy
Medicine & society in later medieval England
Study orientations of medical students attending the summer school psychiatry program
Doctor on board : your practical guide to medical emergencies at sea
"This book provides a practical guide to planning, tabulating, formulating, and implementing clinical research, in an easy-to-use, readable presentation"--Provided by publisher.
Revolutionary bioscience : from advanced technologies to personalized medicine : 8th FinBioNet PhD Student Symposium : October 2-3, 2012, Tampere Hall, Finland
Nexus
Basic medical statistics
Dr Fruit-Loop goes to East Timor : what constitutes medicine in a war-torn country?
Twenty names in medicine
The alarming history of medicine
Psychiatry summer school in Satakunta in 2013 : a novel way of introducing psychiatry to medical students
The new Blackwell companion to medical sociology
Experiences related to home in people with Alzheimer's disease
Dictionary of medicine
Dr. Joanna Lander, a psychologist specializing in near-death experiences, is recruited to lend credibility to the work of young neurologist Dr. Richard Wright, who has come up with a way to manufacture a near-death experience using a psychoactive drug.
Proceedings of Peerage of Science
A-Z family medical encyclopedia : [a reference guide to over 7,000 medical terms including symptoms, disease, drugs & treatments]
Evidence based medicine guidelines : a solution to rationing or politics disguised as science
Basic theories of traditional Chinese medicine
Just doctoring : medical ethics in the liberal state
Principles and practice of endocrinology and metabolism
Tropical disease research : progress 2001-2002 : sixteenth programme report
Chinese medicine
Radiography
Lexical change in pseudo-medical terminology from 1910 to 2000 in San Francisco Chronicle advertisements
Telepsychiatry services in Finland
Reproductive factors'impact on the health of mother and offspring : an epidemiological study
Clinical laboratory science
MRI in practice
Five days at Memorial : life and death in a storm-ravaged hospital
"Hospital-Based Palliative Medicine: A Practical, Evidence-Based Approach focuses on improving a Hospitalist's ability to provide quality palliative care in the inpatient hospital setting. Although several large textbooks exist for the palliative care provider, there are few detailed resources aimed specifically at the general Hospitalist and hospital-based staff. Existing textbooks dedicate at most only one chapter to palliative care and they lack the detail and specificity in symptom management and communication skills to truly guide care. Hospital-Based Palliative Medicine addresses each of the major components involved in the delivery of inpatient palliative care. These include the management of complex symptoms and the use of specific communication techniques - right down to the actual words to say to the patient - to convey important information such as the reason for and use of medication and how to handle difficult topics with patients and their families and caregivers. The book's authors are all leaders in the field of palliative care, and most of them also practice as hospitalists, and thus understand both perspectives. Chapters are presented in a consistent format with particular attention to both clinical pearls and pitfalls, making the material practical and easily accessible to the busy hospitalist and associated hospital staff"--Provided by publisher.
A morning's work : medical photographs from The Burns archive & collection 1843-1939
Translational research : the journal of laboratory and clinical medicine
Philosophy and health care
Choices in pregnancy and childbirth : a guide to options for health professionals, midwives, holistic practitioners, and parents
International journal of sports medicine
Medical ethics : evolution, rights and the physician
How to display data
As if the patient were in the classroom: video-based enquiry into the absent body in medical education
Handbook for synthesizing qualitative research
Chromosome 6
The theoretical foundations of Chinese medicine : systems of correspondance
A history of comparative anatomy from Aristotle to the eighteenth century
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 1993
The effect of ethanol on the toxicity of hexobarbital, thiopental, morphine, atropine and scopolamine : an experimental study on mice
Medicine : a history of healing : ancient traditions to modern practices
Kill or cure : an illustrated history of medicine
The works of Aristotle. Vol. 7, Problemata
Rhetoric and medicine in early modern Europe
Evidence-based medicine in Sherlock Holmes' footsteps
Guide to publishing a scientific paper
Medicine and Western civilization
The Merck manual of medical information
Intervention and reflection : basic issues in medical ethics
Huang Ti Nei Ching Su Wên : the Yellow Emperor's classic of internal medicine
Assessment of telemedicine applications : an update
Medizinisches Wörterbuch-Dictionnaire médical = Medical dictionary
Animal, vegetable, mineral? : how eighteenth-century science disrupted the natural order
Fundamentals of sectional anatomy : an imaging approach
Davies' medical terminology : a guide to current usage
Human brain mapping using structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging and transcranial magnetic stimulation
Clinical window : international web journal for medical professionals
International journal of circumpolar health
Diagnostic medical exposures : advice on exposure to ionising radiation during pregnancy
Characteristics of Finnish medical and engineering research group work
Veterinary Ireland journal
Jeffrey Lockhart's father, Ross, is a billionaire in his sixties, with a younger wife, Artis Martineau, whose health is failing. Ross is the primary investor in a remote and secret compound where death is exquisitely controlled and bodies are preserved until a future time when biomedical advances and new technologies can return them to a life of transcendent promise. Jeff joins Ross and Artis at the compound to say "an uncertain farewell" to her as she surrenders her body. "We are born without choosing to be. Should we have to die in the same manner? Isn't it a human glory to refuse to accept a certain fate?" These are the questions that haunt the novel and its memorable characters, and it is Ross Lockhart, most particularly, who feels a deep need to enter another dimension and awake to a new world. For his son, this is indefensible. Jeff, the book's narrator, is committed to living, to experiencing "the mingled astonishments of our time, here, on earth." Don DeLillo's seductive, spectacularly observed and brilliant new novel weighs the darkness of the world-terrorism, floods, fires, famine, plague-against the beauty and humanity of everyday life; love, awe, "the intimate touch of earth and sun."
The remote body : the phenomenology of telepresence and re-embodiment
The elusive quality of health care
Goldman's Cecil medicine. Vol. 2
Annals of the ICRP
Endurance in sport
Social science perspectives on medical ethics
The politics of women's biology
Effect of micronutrients on tailchasin in dogs
Smallpox, Syphilis and salvation : medical breakthroughs that changed the world
Dorland's pocket medical dictionary
Heterogenity of human gonadotrophins : its implications for the choice of reference standards
Expression of Balbiani ring genes in salivary gland cells of chironomus
Medicine's 10 greatest discoveries
Hidden treasure : the National Library of Medicine
Innovations in regenerative medicine : science fiction or a potential new industry?
The selection and use of essential medicines
Medical medium : secrets behind chronic and mystery illness and how to finally heal
A history of medicine
How best to evaluate and monitor learning in specialist training in psychiatry?
The story of medicine : medicine around the world and across the ages
Handbook of driving simulation for engineering, medicine, and psychology
The history of medicine : healthcare around the world and through the ages
PBL in context : bridging work and education
Medicine and health
The diagnostic accuracy of the plastic glove test for diagnosis of sand enteropathy in the horse
"Exploring Health Communication from Multiple Perspectives provides coverage of the major current areas of interest (e.g., interpersonal, organizational, media). It takes an in-depth approach to health communication research by analyzing and critically evaluating research conducted across multiple paradigmatic perspectives. In addition, it offers features important to undergraduate texts, such as sidebars, summary boxes, suggestions for in-class activities, discussion questions, and lists of additional resources. This edited textbook includes a range of chapters covering interpersonal health communication issues, challenges and complexities in health communication, communication aspects of health behaviors and conditions, organizational issues in health communication, and media and eHealth research. This text is designed to be used in upper level health communication courses, and it may be of interest to master's level courses as well. Other social science disciplines such as health education and public health may also find the book to be of interest."
Tropical disease research : progress 1999-2000 : fifteenth programme report
Assyrian medical texts from the originals in the British Museum
A history of Chinese medicine
