http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4691 being silent
being silent
Stinking deed, deepest love : same-sex sexuality in later medieval English culture
The Finnish way of being silent
Same-sex sexuality in later medieval english culture
The silence in the Ethiopian  Story of Heliodorus
Flattering silence : on the fear of an autocrat in the historians of the Roman Empire
The language of silence. Vol. 2
If nobody speaks of remarkable things
This paper contributes to the discussion on so-called academic myths by analysing the idea of silence as characteristic of a Finnish communication style. By reviewing contemporary research literature and earlier sources, we illustrate how the concept of the silent Finn has emerged and how it endures, reproduced in both public and academic discourses while lacking empirical evidence. Our analysis proposes six key characteristics to academic myths: that they are built on shaky grounds, widely circulated, used as an expedient, intuitively appealing, resistant to change, and self-replicating. The paper addresses possible reasons behind the persistence of such myths and their implications for academic discourse.
Snow White Must Die by Nele Neuhaus is a tremendous new contemporary mystery series and huge international bestseller--with more than 2.5 million copies in print!On a rainy November day police detectives Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein are summoned to a mysterious traffic accident: A woman has fallen from a pedestrian bridge onto a car driving underneath. According to a witness, the woman may have been pushed. The investigation leads Pia and Oliver to a small village, and the home of the victim, Rita Cramer.On a September evening eleven years earlier, two seventeen-year-old girls vanished from the village without a trace. In a trial based only on circumstantial evidence, twenty-year-old Tobias Sartorius, Rita Cramer's son, was sentenced to ten years in prison. Bodenstein and Kirchhoff discover that Tobias, after serving his sentence, has now returned to his home town. Did the attack on his mother have something to do with his return?In the village, Pia and Oliver encounter a wall of silence. When another young girl disappears, the events of the past seem to be repeating themselves in a disastrous manner. The investigation turns into a race against time, because for the villagers it is soon clear who the perpetrator is--and this time they are determined to take matters into their own hands.An atmospheric, character-driven and suspenseful mystery set in a small town that could be anywhere, dealing with issues of gossip, power, and keeping up appearances
The language of silence. Vol 1
All the rage
The God-Man : the life, journey and work of Meher Baba with an interpretation of his silence and spiritual teaching
Open secrets : the literature of uncounted experience
The silence of the Finns : exploring the anatomy of an academic myth
Let your words be few : symbolism of speaking and silence among seventeeth-century Quakers
Unspeakable secrets and the psychoanalysis of culture
Silence is goldfish
Orator tacens : some considerations on a rhetoric of silence
Art and fear / Paul Virilio
The scientists : a family romance
In the last years of the Second World War, a million tonnes of bombs were dropped by the Allies on 131 German towns and cities. 600,000 civilians died, seven and a half million Germans were left homeless. W.G. Sebald's lucid but harrowing essays explore the consequences for the German people of the mass destruction of their cities.
Rethinking classroom participation : listening to silent voices
Elie Wiesel and the politics of moral leadership
Abstract: This paper contributes to the discussion on so-called academic myths by analysing the idea of silence as characteristic of a Finnish communication style. By reviewing contemporary research literature and earlier sources, we illustrate how the concept of the silent Finn has emerged and how it endures, reproduced in both public and academic discourses while lacking empirical evidence. Our analysis proposes six key characteristics to academic myths: that they are built on shaky grounds, widely circulated, used as an expedient, intuitively appealing, resistant to change, and self-replicating. The paper addresses possible reasons behind the persistence of such myths and their implications for academic discourse.
The silence of abuse
Unspoken : a rhetoric of silence
Boundaries of privacy : dialectics of disclosure
Shadows of war : a social history of silence in the twentieth century
Silence : hot but quiet topic on the arena of management and control
Silent beauties : women in the mythic realm of folk narratives
The biology of silence : part 2.
Snow White must die
On the natural history of destruction : with essays on Alfred Andersch, Jean Améry and Peter Weiss
