http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4692 silence
silence
A book of silence
Soundscape : the School of Sound lectures, 1998-2001
Our sound is our wound  : contemplative listening to a noisy world
The interpretation of silent behaviour in intercultural small talk situations
The ark of speech
Zero decibels : the quest for absolute silence
Perspectives on silence
Mallarmé and circumstance : the translation of silence
Maisy goes to the library
Silence : the currency of power
Semantics of silences in linguistics and literature
Literary silences in Pascal, Rousseau, and Beckett
Soundscape : the School of Sound lectures 1998-2001
Abstract: This paper contributes to the discussion on so-called academic myths by analysing the idea of silence as characteristic of a Finnish communication style. By reviewing contemporary research literature and earlier sources, we illustrate how the concept of the silent Finn has emerged and how it endures, reproduced in both public and academic discourses while lacking empirical evidence. Our analysis proposes six key characteristics to academic myths: that they are built on shaky grounds, widely circulated, used as an expedient, intuitively appealing, resistant to change, and self-replicating. The paper addresses possible reasons behind the persistence of such myths and their implications for academic discourse.
City of the dead
Unspoken : a rhetoric of silence
Non-communication as a perspective on the world of communication : elaborating on Bateson
Speech and silence are inseparably linked. Still, few scholars have explored how narrative intersections of speech and silence function rhetorically in the Gospel of Luke. Using conceptual tools from narratology and reader-response criticism, this study demonstrates how speech and silence are both significant themes within the Gospel and significant tools used in its telling.
Listen to the silence of Lapland
Voices and silence in the contemporary novel in English
'A moving rhetoricke' : gender and silence in early modern England
Speaking wounds : silence, self-injury and healing in Patricia McCormick's Cut
Silent modernism : soundscapes and the unsayable in Richardson, Joyce, and Woolf
Discourse and silencing : representation and the language of displacement
A nap time story
The silence is shouting / Jyrki Simovaara
Silence in intercultural communication : perceptions and performance
Eros, wisdom, and silence : Plato's erotic dialogues
Urban mindfulness : cultivating peace, presence & purpose in the middle of it all
Cultural histories of noise, sound and listening in Europe, 1300-1918
"Also the unsaid is a sign in itself" : varieties of silence in two novels by R.K. Narayan
In praise of shadows
The ambiguity of silence in Muriel Spark's The driver's seat
The meditation handbook : the practical guide to eastern and western meditation techniques
Finnish summary.
Disruptive tourism and its untidy guests : alternative ontologies for future hospitalities
The silence of the Finnish sauna
Hiljaisuuden Helsinki = Quiet nooks and corners
The monastic concepts of solitude and silence in the monastic theology of Thomas à Kempis
Silence : a Christian history
Sounds : the ambient humanities
Silence and subject in modern literature : spoken violence
Introvert power : why your inner life is your hidden strength
"Explores silence in 20th and 21st century art and films, including works by Joseph Beuys, Maya Deren, Christian Marclay, Bruce Nauman, Robert Rauschenberg, and Doris Salcedo"
Music for Mindfulness
Simple and bold : Ephrem's art of symbolic thought
Quiet power : growing up as an introvert in a world that can't stop talking
The quiet girl
Response able : where is the cultural richness in Finnish silence and autonomy?
City of noise : sound and nineteenth-century Paris
Silence : interdisciplinary perspectives
The quiet book
Membrane onto magic : curators in MOCA, 2005 Taipei, 4.6. - 24.7.2005 / chief editor: Suchen Hsieh ; curator: Rita Yuan- Chien Chang
"Kristine Munoz's volume of short narrative works-- autoethnographies and fictional stories-explore many dimensions of silence, a crucial but often overlooked communication phenomenon, one that drives much of everyday talk and relationships. Framed by an introductory essay that synthesizes research on silence and the unsaid, guides for reflection and expansion after each narrative, and a conclusion that ponders ethnographic writing, this volume is an essential work for those who study and teach interpersonal communication"-- Provided by publisher.
The sense of sound
Still life : the aesthetics of Finnish silence
Silence and the Word : negative theology and incarnation
Silence and tools : (Non) verbalizing sculptor's practice
Walk with me : pastoral care for victims of sexual abuse viewed through existential psychology
"You have the right to remain silent" : silence as an instrument of power in two fictional US courtrooms
Silence : the power of quiet in a world full of noise
Let your words be few : symbolism of speaking and silence among seventeeth-century Quakers
Sound / edited by Caleb Kelly
Silence in the land of logos
Studies in symbolic interaction
On the evaluation of silence in the Byzantine monastic tradition : abstract
Transcribing silence : culture, relationships, and communication
Listening to nineteenth-century America
"Disruptive Tourism and its Untidy Guests" envisions alternative arrangements of social life by welcoming 'the untidy guest' to discourses, theories and philosophies of tourism. Written by an author collective with backgrounds in philosophy, sociology, tourism, hospitality and development studies, the book transfers the focus of tourism theories away from managing sustainability and toward alternative -- disruptive -- ontologies and epistemologies for future tourist hospitalities and mobilities. The co-authors 'mess around' with tourism studies by invoking the radical potentialities of 'untidiness'. Tourism and the host-guest relations it entails are explored by means of deliberately untidy concepts: camping, parasites, silence, unlearning and serendipities. Instead of trying to manage or tidy up tourist situations and encounters, Disruptive Tourism and its Untidy Guests embraces the messiness of human relations and argues for more creative, embodied and ethical ontologies of tourism, hospitality and mobility.
Silence and the relevance of differing discourse cultures in language teaching : a quest for strategies to enhance conversation in language courses
Silence, language, and experience : on the theory of subject in translation of silence as a sign system
Listening to doctors, neuroscientists, acoustical engineers, monks, activists, educators, marketers, and aggrieved citizens, George Prochnik examines why we began to be so loud as a society, what it is that gets lost when we can no longer find quiet, and what are the benefits of decluttering our sonic world.
The art of stillness : adventures in going nowhere
The power of silence : social and pragmatic perspectives
No such thing as silence : John Cage's 4'33"
Listening below the noise
Language and silence : essays on language, literature, and the inhuman
Silent statements : narrative representations of speech and silence in the Gospel of Luke
Discourse of silence
This work illustrates the research I have conducted throughout the two years of my Master's degree programme in Theatre Pedagogy at the Theatre Academy of Helsinki (TeaK) on the topic of “active” silence: a quiet dimension of being, calm but not passive, characterized by a high level of awareness, openness and concentration at the same time.  In March 2012 I led a one-day workshop with the title “Living the Silence” in seven different environments (among them: a school, two monasteries and a Theatre Academy), where I explored many possible combinations of art and meditation, in order to understand how the participants experienced “active” silence.  In November 2012 I further developed my previous research on “active” silence by leading a two week-workshop, “Moving the Silence”, attempting to understand how I could develop a dialogue between different disciplines related to the practice of active silence such as meditation, T'ai Chi Ch'üan (the Chinese “Supreme Polarity boxing”) and expressive movement, without use of speech.  The workshop led spontaneously towards a performance with the same title “Moving the Silence”, where I have been exploring the boundaries between meditation and performance, questioning how meditation can be a performance and vice-versa. We performed in February 2013.  Silence proved to be a fruitful ground for a dialogue between art and spirituality, becoming a generative platform for developing meditative ways of working in the field of art.  This thesis provides a detailed description of this work and the development of my personal conceptions about teaching.
The optimal musical pause : the effects of expectancies, musical training, and personality
After sound : toward a critical music
Silence and Resistance as Experiences and Presentations of Pupil Agency in Finnish Elementary School English Lessons
Silence, language, and experience : on the theory of subject in translation of sign systems
Manifesto for silence : confronting the politics and culture of noise
Daddy Lion's tea party
On silence : the semiotics of silence
Love unknown : the Archbishop of Canterbury's Lent Book 2012
The language of silence. Vol 1
The language of silence. Vol. 2
This paper contributes to the discussion on so-called academic myths by analysing the idea of silence as characteristic of a Finnish communication style. By reviewing contemporary research literature and earlier sources, we illustrate how the concept of the silent Finn has emerged and how it endures, reproduced in both public and academic discourses while lacking empirical evidence. Our analysis proposes six key characteristics to academic myths: that they are built on shaky grounds, widely circulated, used as an expedient, intuitively appealing, resistant to change, and self-replicating. The paper addresses possible reasons behind the persistence of such myths and their implications for academic discourse.
Tell this silence : Asian American women writers and the politics of speech
The silence of the Finns : exploring the anatomy of an academic myth
"I thought about not saying that" : (breaking) silence in Lionel Shriver's We need to talk about Kevin
In pursuit of silence : listening for meaning in a world of noise
The way of the heart : desert spirituality and contemporary ministry
Homer, the library cat
Sounding/silence : Martin Heidegger at the limits of poetics
Stillness in a mobile world
"After Sound considers contemporary art practices that reconceive music beyond the limitation of sound. This book is called After Sound because music and sound are, in Barrett's account, different entities. While musicology and sound art theory alike typically equate music with pure instrumental sound, or absolute music, Barrett posits music as an expanded field of artistic practice encompassing a range of different media and symbolic relationships. The works discussed in After Sound thus use performance, text scores, musical automata, video, social practice, and installation while they articulate a novel aesthetic space for a radically engaged musical practice. Coining the term 'critical music,' this book examines a diverse collection of art projects which intervene into specific political and philosophical conflicts by exploring music's unique historical forms"--Publisher's website.
Understanding the signs of diplomacy as dialogue : Language, signs and silence in global semiosis: negotiation as a cross-cultural process and result
From the viewpoint of the Lvov-Warsaw school
Keywords in sound
Moving the silence : a dialogue between art and spirituality
Styles of radical will
Listening to noise and silence : towards a philosophy of sound art
Silence and speaking in Vepsian women's rituals (in Russia)
Quiet : the power of introverts in a world that can't stop talking
Silent beauties : women in the mythic realm of folk narratives
This is not a book about sound. It is a study of sounds that aims to write the resonance and response they call for. John Mowitt seeks to critique existing models in the expanding field of sound studies and draw attention to sound as an object of study that solicits a humanistic approach encompassing many types of sounds, not just readily classified examples such as speech, music, industrial sounds, or codified signals. Mowitt is particularly interested in the fact that beyond hearing and listening we "audit" sounds and do so by drawing on paradigms of thought not easily accommodated within the concept of "sound studies". To draw attention to the ways in which sounds often are not perceived for the social and political functions they serve, each chapter presents a culturally resonant sound - including a whistle, an echo, a gasp, and silence - to show how sounds enable critical social and political concepts such as dialogue, privacy, memory, social order, and art-making. Sounds: The Ambient Humanities significantly engages, provokes, and contributes to the dynamic field and inquiry of sound studies.
Meditation : a foundation course : a book of ten lessons
