http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p47 animal diseases
animal diseases
Dairy research report 1992 : Hill Farm Research Station
A colour atlas of equine dermatology
Abstract.
Summary: Pyothorax caused by Actinomyces sp. in a German shepherd - a case report.
The spread of Foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) within Finland and emergency vaccination in case of an epidemic outbreak
Drug management and parasite resistance in bovine trypanosomiasis in Africa
Small animal toxicology
Disease management of fruits and vegetables. 1 : Fruit and vegetable diseases
Summary: Elimination of Salmonella infection in cattle cold loose housing.
An outline of swine diseases : a handbook
Cryptosporidiosis of man and animals
Jubb, Kennedy, and Palmer's pathology of domestic animals. Vol. 1
Eradication of prolonged bovine salmonellosis on Finnish farms
Current therapy in theriogenology : diagnosis, treatment and prevention of reproductive diseases in animals
Gastroduodenoscopy in dogs and cats
Control and eradication of viral diseases of ruminants
Insulin resistance and laminitis in horses
Review questions & answers for veterinary boards : ancillary topics
Pathologic basis of veterinary disease
Proceedings of the 17th Annual Veterinary Medical Forum, June 10-13, 1999, American College of Veterinary Internal Medicine, Chicago
Endoscopy of the gastrointestinal tract : when is it really indicated
Jubb, Kennedy, and Palmer's pathology of domestic animals. Volume 3
Rabies : in animals and man
Essentials of disease in wild animals
Textbook of veterinary internal medicine : diseases of the dog and cat. Vol. 1
The 5-minute veterinary consultant canine and feline
Infectious diseases
Dzīvnieki. Veselība. Pārtikas higiēna. : starptautiskās zinātniskās konferences raksti, Jelgava, 2006.gada 10.novembrī = Animals. Health. Food hygiene. : International scientific conference proceedings, 10th November 2006, Jelgava, Latvia
Livestock health encyclopedia
Principles of veterinary radiography
Jubb, Kennedy, and Palmer's pathology of domestic animals. Vol. 2
Dr. Khalsa's natural dog : a holistic guide for healthier dog
Journal of fish diseases
Bovine mastitis : survey of the Literature to teh end of 1935
Good practices for biosecurity in the pig sector : issues and options in developing and transition countries
The Merck veterinary manual : [50th anniversary edition]
Cryptosporidium and cryptosporidiosis
Sheep and goat medicine
Zoo and wild animal medicine
Improving health and welfare of pigs : a handbook for organic pig farmers
Pathology of domestic animals. Vol. 2
Complete horse care manual
The control of disease
Clinical veterinary microbiology
Final programme and proceedings, 5th Annual Congress [of] European Society of Veterinary Internal Medicine, August 31-September 2, 1995, Churchill College, Cambridge, UK
Infectious diseases of the dog and cat
Summary: Neck pain and fever in a dog - two case reports.
Rabies : the facts
Animals, disease and human sosiety
The Merck veterinary manual : a handbook of diagnosis, therapy and disease prevention and control for the veterinarian
Coccidiosis of man and domestic animals
Producing Sea Buckthorn of High Quality : proceedings of the 3rd European Workshop on Sea Buckthorn : Naantali, Finland, October 14-16, 2014
Large animal internal medicine : diseases of horses, cattle, sheep and goats
Our current understanding of strangles. Part 2, Control of an outbreak, treatment and prevention
The equine manual
The veterinary clinics of North America. Food animal practice
The feline patient
The principal diseases of lower vertebrates
Equine diseases : a textbook for students and practitioners
The manual of fish health
Bibliography of the dog
Veterinary emergency and critical care procedures
Fundamental techniques in veterinary surgery
Proceedings of the North American Veterinary Conference, January 13 -17, 2001, Orlando, Florida : small animal [and exotics] edition
The practitioners guide to equine dermatology
The complete textbook of animal health and welfare
Pocket companion to the fourth edition of textbook of veterinary internal medicine
International encyclopedia of veterinary medicine. Vol. 4, Mo-Re
Veterinary epidemiology
A practical right-sided incisional gastropexy technique for treatment or prevention of gastric dilatation volvulus
A day at the Yorktown Animal Hospital
Costs of two alternative Salmonella control policies in Finnish broiler production
Canine pancreatitis : from clinical suspicion to diagnosis and treatment
Canine neurology : diagnosis and treatment
Summary: Low salmonella infection rate is based on high risk control level in feed factories.
Livestock disease surveys : a field manual for veterinarians
Comparative diagnosis of viral diseases. 4, Vertebrate animal and related viruses : part B : RNA Viruses
Small animal arthroscopy : challenging and usefull
Detection, epidemiology and host spectrum of cowpox and Borna disease virus infections
Practical veterinary nursing
The effect of genes and diet on Alzheimer's disease-related molecular mechanisms : Influence of ubiquilin-1 and dietary lipids
Salmonella infections acquired abroad and detected in Finland, 1995-2009
Children's health, self-care and the use of self-medication : a population-based study in Finland
Summary: A survey on frequency and nature of seizures in Finnish Belgian Shepherd Dogs.
Summary: Feline injection site sarcoma.
The cat : diseases and clinical management
Practical diagnostic imaging for the veterinary technician
Summary: Elimination of salmonella infantis infection on a dairy farm fed complete mixed diet.
Responsible use of antibiotics in aquaculture
Experimental ecology on the interaction between the Puumala hantavirus and its host, the bank vole
Esophageal diseases : diagnostic and therapeutic approach
Poultry diseases : short notes containing strategic information for veterinary students
The Merck veterinary manual : a handbook of diagnosis and therapy for the veterinarian
[Final programme and proceedings], 7th Annual Congress [of] European Society of Veterinary Internal Medicine, September 11-13, 1997, Ecole Nationale Vétérinaire de Lyon, France
Standard nomenclature of veterinary diseases and operations
Our current understanding of strangles. Part 1, Etiology, epidemiology, pathogenesis, clinical signs and diagnosis
Surveillance of BSE, a French experience : how to learn from positive and negative clinical suspects
The regulation of neuroinflammation by nuclear factor kappa B and apolipoprotein E
A colour atlas of diseases and disorders of cattle
16th Annual Congress of the ESVD-ECVD, August 12-14, 1999 Helsinki Finland
A colour atlas of diseases and disorders of the pig
Feeding sheep
International encyclopedia of veterinary medicine. Vol. 2, Co-He
Proceedings of the Annual convention of the American association of equine practitioners
The national control programme and situation of salmonella in Finland
McIlwraith and Turner's equine surgery : advanced techniques
Modelling of ischemic stroke : focus on co-morbidities and therapeutic intervention
International journal of applied research in veterinary medicine
Novel neurotrophic treatments in rats and toxin sensitivity of genetically modified mice in the unilateral 6 OHDA model of Parkinson's disease
Poultry diseases
Veterinary dental techniques : for the small animal practitioner
The barefoot horse : an introduction to barefoot hoof care and hoof boots
World livestock 2013 : changing disease landscapes
Dairy research report 1994 : Hill Farm Research Station
International encyclopedia of veterinary medicine. Vol. 1, A-Cl
Pooled faecal samples compared with individual samples for detection of Salmonella in cattle
The Aujeszky's saga : a review of the disease eradication scheme in Great Britain
Staphylococcal mastitis in heifers and dairy cows
Diseases and disorders of the sheep and goat
Congress synopses & clinical research abstracts : WSAVA, BSAVA & FECAVA World Congress, 3rd-6th April 1997, International Convention Centre, Birmingham, United Kingdom
Leptospirosis in man and animals
Disease of cattle : a manual of diagnosis
The importance of animal diseases for trade, food and public health in an integrated Europe
Consequences of hazardous dietary calcium deficiency for fattening bulls
Diseases of swine
International encyclopedia of veterinary medicine. Vol. 5, Rh-Z
Occurrence of salmonella infections in animals in Finland
Equine infectious diseases. 5, Proceedings of the 5th International Conference
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
300 questions and answers in surgical nursing and anaesthesia
Neurohumoral response and pathophysiologic changes during progression of mitral regurgitation in the Cavalier King Charles spaniel
Renal dysfunction
Preparing for highly pathogenic avian influenza
Dairy research report 1990 : Hill Farm Research Station
Biosecurity for highly pathogenic avian influenza : issues and options
Outline of clinical diagnosis in the horse
Textbook of veterinary internal medicine : diseases of the dog and cat. Vol. 2
International animal health code : mammals, birds and bees : 1993, 1994 & 1995 updates
Genetic and functional studies of genes involved in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease
Dog owner's home veterinary handbook
Cardiological studies in mice : special emphasis on gene therapy, imaging and ECG findings
The complete equine veterinary manual  : a comprehensive and instant guide to equine health
This paper describes in detail the current situation and state of knowledge about biosecurity in relation to H5N1 HPAI, discusses species- and sector-specific issues, proposes possible options for biosecurity in important parts of the domestic poultry and captive bird sector, stresses the importance of situating biosecurity in appropriate economic and culture settings, and makes the case for the role of communication.--Publisher's description.
Skin diseases on Ethiopian sheep and their effect on the pickled skin : a minor field study
Hippocampal field potentials in animal models of Alzheimer's disease
Proceedings of the 20th Annual ACVIM Forum, May 29 - June 1, 2002, Adam's Mark Hotel, Dallas
The Merck veterinary manual
Consultations in feline internal medicine 4
Canine and feline nutrition : a resource for companion animal professionals
Dairy research report 1988 : Hill Farm Research Station
Herd health
Animal diseases that are known to spread primarily through human activities can be prevented and controlled through the application of biosecurity measures along the production and marketing chain, together with increased awareness and education. With this document, FAO, OIE and the World Bank aim to provide applied biosecurity recommendations to all pork production stakeholders in the numerous pig farming systems worldwide, particularly in developing and transition countries. Pig farmers are the main intended beneficiaries of the paper, but it is also of use to veterinary and technical service providers who are in a position to deliver and implement the proposed measures, to decision-makers in government and to project managers in agricultural development.--Publisher's description.
Diseases of poultry
Practical mastitis control in dairy herds : a field guide on various aspects of udder health for the dairy practitioner
Summary: Cold water disease in rainbow trout : case report and oxytetracycline residues after treatment.
International encyclopedia of veterinary medicine. Vol. 3, Hel-Mi
Strongyloides stercoralis infection in a Finnish kennel : case report
Pig ailments : Recognition & treatment
Pharmacology of ketoprofen administered orally to pigs : an experimental and clinical study
Farm animal health : a practical guide
Fungal diseases of animals
Symposium on bovine mastitis
A campaign against bovine salmonellosis in the provinces of Vaasa, Oulu and Lapland in Finland
The effects of prolyl oligopeptidase inhibition in α-synuclein based mouse models of Parkinson’s disease
Bluetongue, African horse sickness, and related orbiviruses : proceedings of the Second International Symposium
Horsekeeping : management : ailments and injuries
Diseases of feedlot cattle
Animal models of neurological disease
The veterinary clinics of North America. Exotic animal practice
Distal physeal radius fracture in a colt
Pathogenesis of bacterial infections in animals
Histological classification of mammary tumors of the dog and cat
Secondary neuropathology after experimental stroke : with special emphasis on calcium, amyloid and inflammation
The Merck veterinary manual : a handbook of diagnosis, therapy, and disease prevention and control for the veterinarian
Reindeer parapoxvirus : molecular biology and detection
Canine biliary tract diseases : how to reveal and treat them
Recent advances in medical and veterinary mycology : Proceedings of the 6th congress of the International society for human and animal mycology, Tokyo, 1975
