http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4700 bronze works
bronze works
Cypriot bronzework in the Mycenaean world
The Pollaiuolo brothers : the arts of Florence and Rome
Bronze Age metalwork in Northern England c. 1000 to 700 B.C
Bronze metal clay : explore a new material with 35 projects
The colouring, bronzing and patination of metals : a manual for fine metalworkers, sculptors and designers : cast bronze, cast brass, copper and copper-plate, gilding metal, sheet yellow brass, silver and silver plate
Archaeological survey in the Lower Liri Valley, central Italy
Heaven on earth : art from Islamic lands : works from the State Hermitage Museum and the Khalili collection
Prehistoric woodworking : the analysis and interpretation of Bronze and Iron Age toolmarks
Ancient Chinese bronzes in the Shanghai Museum
European bronzes : 1450-1700
A descripitive and illustrated catalogue of Chinese bronzes : acquired during the administration of John Ellerton Lodge
Daggers knowledge & power : the social aspects of flint-dagger technology in Scandinavia 2350-1500 cal BC
China's renaissance in bronze : the Robert H. Clague Collection of later Chinese bronzes 1100-1900
Catalogue of the collection of Chinese and Korean bronzes at Hallwyl House, Stockholm
Copper and bronze in art : corrosion, colorants, conservation
Bronze age goldwork of the British Isles
Sanim katkrō̜n khō̜ng samrit læ withī kānraksā = Bronze disease and its treatment
Chinese art : gold, silver, later bronzes, cloisonné, Cantonese enamel, lacquer, furniture, wood
China 5000 years : innovation and transformation in the arts : [Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, February 6 - June 3, 1998 : Guggenheim MuseumBilbao, summer 1998] / selected by Sherman Lee ; Howard Rogers, general editor
Indian folk bronzes
The Sanxingdui Site : mystical mask on ancient Shu Kingdom
Bronzes : sculptors & founders, 1800-1930
The Bronzes of Rodin : catalogue of works in the Musée Rodin
Asian art : selections from the Collection of Mr. and Mrs. John D. Rockefeller 3rd
Hehku : Jöötti ry 20 vuotta = Glow : 20th anniversary of the Jöötti Association
Les bronzes archaïques chinois = Archaic Chinese bronzes. I, Xia & Shang
Acta of the 12th International Congress on Ancient Bronzes, Nijmegen 1992
Bronzeworking centres of Western Asia c. 1000-539 B. C.
The culture of Bronze Age Net Ware in Karelia
Bronze sculpture casting & patination : mud fire metal
The colouring, bronzing and patination of metals : a manual for the fine metalworker and sculptor
Metallurgica antiqua : in honour of Hans-Gert Bachmann and Robert Maddin
Mixed metals : creating contemporary jewelry with silver, gold, copper, brass & more
Metallit 2001 : jewellery, forging, art, design
The axes of Scotland and Northern England
Prehistoric flintwork
The sensuous and the sacred : Chola bronzes from South India
Lithics in the Scandinavian Late Bronze Age : sociotechnical change and persistence
The story of bronze
New discoveries about the textile arts reveal women's unexpectedly influential role in ancient societies. Twenty thousand years ago, women were making and wearing the first clothing created from spun fibers. In fact, right up to the Industrial Revolution the fiber arts were an enormous economic force, belonging primarily to women. Despite the great toil required in making cloth and clothing, most books on ancient history and economics have no information on them. Much of this gap results from the extreme perishability of what women produced, but it seems clear that until now descriptions of prehistoric and early historic cultures have omitted virtually half the picture. Elizabeth Wayland Barber has drawn from data gathered by the most sophisticated new archaeological methods - methods she herself helped to fashion.
Studies on the arts and crafts of the late Cypriote bronze age
Huts and houses : Stone Age and Early Metal Age buildings in Finland
The prehistory of Africa
The conservation of bronze sculpture in the outdoor environment : a dialogue among conservators, curators, environmental scientists, and corrosion engineers
Ancient Chinese inlaid bronzes : late Warring States - early Western Han periods
Antiquities of Himachal
Chinese bronzes : a general introduction
The art of bronze, brass and copper : exquisite artefacts from ancient times to the 20th century
Birds on Aegean bronze age seals : a study of representation
The axes of the Early Bronze Age in Ireland
The Thanjavur Art Gallery bronze sculptures : a descriptive catalogue with illustrations in colour. vol. 1
Metal vessels : Museum of Anatolian Civilizations
Gold, silver & bronze : from Mughal India
The metalsmiths
Women's work : the first 20,000 years : women, cloth, and society in early times
Textile-making in central Tyrrhenian Italy from the final Bronze Age to the Republican period
The Gods delight : the human figure in classical bronze
Mixed metal jewelry workshop : combining sheet, clay, mesh, wire & more
Making wire jewelry : 60 easy projects in silver, copper & brass
Folk bronzes of North Western India
Ancient & historic metals : conservation and scientific research : Proceedings of a Symposium org. by the Paul Getty Museum and the Getty Conservation Inst. Nov. 1991
Textile-making in central Tyrrhenian Italy from the final Bronze Age to the Republican Period
Joan du Plat Taylor's excavations at the Late Bronze Age mining settlement at Apliki Karamallos, Cyprus
Chavin and the origins of Andean civilization
Metal embossing : 20 simple projects with aluminium, copper & brass foils
Manual on the bronzes in the Government Museum, Chennai : a typological and descriptive account of the bronzes displayed in the re-organised Bronze Gallery
Treasures : 300 best excavated antiques from China
Sinebrychoffin taidekokoelma : juhlanäyttely = Sinebrychoff Art Collection : a celebratory exhibition
Chinese art. Volume 1
The wonder of Chinese bronzes
Bronze culture in Asia : an archaeological study on bronze in east and southeast aisa [!]: reports and papers submitted at the Unesco Symposium on bronze culture, Bangkok, July 1976.
The Colouring, Bronzing and Patination of Metals : a manual for the fine metalworker and sculptor
China in the early bronze age : Shang civilization
The Permian animal style
The materials of sculpture
THE WONDER OF CHINESE BRONZES
Bronze casting : a manual of techiques
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 3
The age of Stonehenge
Power and pathos : bronze sculpture of the Hellenistic world
Bronze, boxwood, and ivory in the Robert H. Smith collection of Renaissance sculpture : a second supplement to the catalogue volume Art of the Renaissance bronze 1500-1650
Stone tools and society : working stone in Neolithic and Bronze Age Britain
Interpretatio Etrusca : Greek myths on Etruscan mirrors
Eternal images of Sakyamuni : two gilt-bronze Korean national treasures
Bronzes of South India
Bronzeworking on late Minoan Crete : a diachronic study
Chinese art. Volume one
Trade and production in premonetary Greece : crossing borders : proceedings of the 7th, 8th and 9th international workshops, Athens 1997-1999
