http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p470 growing old
growing old
Aging and older adulthood
Towards simplified deinking systems:a study of the effects of ageing, pre-wetting and alternative pulping strategy on ink behaviour in pulping
Geriatric nutrition : a comprehensive review
Sabbath's theater
Grow younger, live longer : ten steps to reverse ageing
Dirt road
Implication for social security of research on aging and retirement : report of round table meeting (The Hague, 27-29 April 1976)
Age in action : membership work and stage of life categories in talk
"Current and emerging trends in the domains of health management and the work sector, the abundance of new consumer products pervading the marketplace, and the desires of many older adults to undertake new learning experiences means that older adults, like their younger counterparts, will need to continually engage in new learning and training. Thus, understanding the challenges that older people face when confronted with new learning and training programs and developing potential strategies to overcome them is imperative. A comprehensive state-of-the-science review, Designing Training and Instructional Programs for Older Adults explores a broad range of issues, from the implications of theories of learning for designing instruction for older adults to adapting current perspectives on methods of instructional design to accommodate the capabilities and limitations of older learners.The authors provide an understanding of today's older adults, their demographics, their needs, the challenges facing them, and a realistic appraisal of their abilities and limitations's a basis for how current knowledge about training and instructional design should be shaped and applied to best accommodate this population of learners. They discuss topics such as retention and transfer of training, sequencing the order of instruction, e-learning, multimedia training formats, and the assessment and evaluation of training programs from the perspective of issues relevant to older learners.They also highlight the challenges presented by this very heterogeneous group that varies tremendously in backgrounds, skills, knowledge, and abilities.Focusing on how learning occurs, the authors' balanced coverage makes the book readable and enlightening across a wide spectrum of professionals and academics, including human factors/ergonomics specialists, gerontologists, managers, educators, undergraduate and graduate students, and the design community. The book supplies concise recommendations that will have direct impact on the design of instructional programs and for those individuals who are responsible for the training and performance of older people"--
New moon
How to age in place : planning for a happy, independent, and financially secure retirement
The change : women, ageing and the menopause
The one safe place
Very bad when the drumming stops : a novel
Women as elders : the feminist politics of aging
Report of the World Assembly on Aging : Vienna, 26 July to 6 August 1982.
Geriatrics & gerontology of the dog and cat
Ethnicity and aging : a bibliography
Transitions and the lifecourse : challenging the constructions of 'growing old'
Cellular aging and cell death
Love in the time of cholera
A whopping big celebration of the work of the late, great Nora Ephron, America's funniest-- and most acute-- writer, famous for her brilliant takes on life as we've been living it these last forty years.
Just like proper grown-ups
Japanese women don't get old or fat : delicious slimming and anti-ageing secrets
Religion and aging in the Indian tradition
Continuity and adaption in aging : creating positive experiences
The self and society i aging processes
Ageing & society
Living with an older dog  : gentle dog care
The encyclopedia of aging : a comprehensive resource in gerontology and geriatrics
Methods in aging research
The professor of poetry
Self-control and self-modification of emotional behavior
Ubiquinone supplementation and exercise capacity in trained young and older men
Ageing in developing countries
Designing for our future selves
Aging : a challenge to science and society. Vol. 2, Medicine and social science
Lovely old lion
Alive, alive oh! : and other things that matter
Handbook of neuropsychology. Volume 5
Somewhere towards the end
You & your aging parent : a family guide to emotional, social, health, and financial problems
Sod it! Eat well : healthy eating into your sixties, seventies and beyond
Encyclopedia of gerontology : age, aging, and the aged
Healthy aging, activity and sports : proceedings : international congress "Physical activity, aging and sports" (PAAS IV) Heidelberg, Germany, August 27-31, 1996
Aging and the life course : an introduction to social gerontology
The way of all flesh : a celebration of decay
I remember nothing and other reflections
Aging and cognitive processes
Physical activity compensates for increased mortality risk among oder people with poor muscle strength
Age and anthropological theory
Can't we talk about something more pleasant?
Age, race and ethnicity : a comparative approach
The course of later life : research and reflections
Designing training and instructional programs for older adults
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of adulthood and aging
The psychology of human ageing
Evaluation of importance of sapwood senescence on tree growth using the model lignum
5 wishes to technology creators
Human development in adulthood
This exceptional collection draws on the most recent demographic data and combines classic research with cutting-edge approaches to provide an invaluable overview of the developmental psychology of the adult years. Covers a wide range of topics within adult development and aging, from theoretical perspectives to specific content areasIncludes newly commissioned essays from the top researchers in the fieldTakes a biopsychosocial perspective, covering the biological, psychological and social changes that occur in adulthood.
Experimental aging research
The many faces of being old : health and socio-cultural aspects of ageing
The third edition of this essential text has been updated and expanded with new material that reflects the most recent developments in the field, and explores our current understanding of a broad range of topics related to aging and older adulthood. -Fresh edition includes updated content such as revised case histories and reworked material on key concepts and research applications -Retains the winning format of the second edition, with chapter contents framed by individual histories -Dual models add cohesiveness to the presentation of theory -Thematic structure facilitates reader comprehension -Instructor resources provided online upon publication at www.wiley.com/go/erber"-- Provided by publisher.
The psychology of aging
Coping with ageing : a dynamic approach to quantify the impact of alternative policy options on future labour supply in OECD countries
Being mortal : illness, medicine and what matters in the end
Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) and aging
The new frontiers of aging
The night guest
Promoting mobility in older people
The elderly in modern society
Its contributions address topics that range from foundational matters, such as classic and contemporary theories and methods, to topics of longstanding and emergent interest, such as social diversity and inequalities, social relationships, social institutions, economies and governments, social vulnerabilities, public health, and care arrangements. The volume closes with a set of personal essays by senior scholars who share their experiences and hopes for the field, and an essay by the editors that provides a roadmap for the decade ahead.
The clock of ages : why we age - how we age - winding back the clock
Aging : scientific perspectives and social issues
The body repair and maintenance manual
The social psychology of aging
1001 little ways to look younger
Canine and feline geriatric nutrition : presented at the Fifteenth Annual Veterinary Medical Forum, American College of Veterinary Internal Medicine, Lake Buena Vista Florida, May 22 1997
Grumpy old women : (but still feeling eighteen inside) : the official handbook
Inevitable aging? : contributions to evolutionary-demographic theory
You bring out the music in me : music in nursing homes
Good times with older dogs : care, fitness and health
Journal of applied gerontology : the official journal of the Southern Gerontological Society
Mechanisms of ageing and development
Middle age : a natural history
Growth, development, and aging
The most of Nora Ephron
Old age
Women's health for life : medical advice you can trust : symptoms, treatment, prevention
Vienna international plan of action on aging : World Assembly on Aging, 26 July to 6 August 1982, Vienna, Austria
Senescence processes in plants
Aging-associated changes in NF-kappa Β signaling
The psychology of ageing : an introduction
Menopause in perspective
On my own two wheels : back in the saddle at 60
This fully revised and updated second edition provides a complete introduction to aging and mental health for psychology students taking courses in aging as well as for academics and practitioners working in the field of gerontology. Offers a comprehensive review of models of mental health and mental illness, along with their implications for treatment of older adults Provides a pragmatic analysis of assessment and treatment approaches that both students and practitioners will find useful Uses case studies to link theory and practice Fully updated to include discussion of the development and implementation of evidence-based treatment protocols in the field of mental health; the increasing prevalence of cognitive impairment and an appreciation of its implications for a variety of functional behaviors; and a changing understanding of long-term care away from a focus on institutional care and toward a broader spectrum of services.
The aging experience : an introduction to social gerontology
Handbook of aging and the social sciences
You're looking very well : the surprising nature of getting old
International Population Conference : ageing of population in developed countries : causes - consequences - policies, Prague, Czechoslovakia, July 4-7, 1989 : proceedings, Volume 1
Galileo & the art of ageing mindfully : wisdom from the night skies
The sunshine cruise company
Handbook of the biology of aging
"Preface: Our goal in writing this book was to draw on an understanding of today's older adults--including their demographics, their needs, the challenges facing them, and a realistic appraisal of their abilities and limitations--as a basis for how current knowledge about training and instructional design should be shaped and applied to best accommodate this population of learners. With rapidly emerging technologies, including those in the domains of health management and the work sector, as well as the many products that are continually pervading the consumer market that are capable of positively affecting the quality of life of many older adults, understanding the barriers that older people may face in learning to use these resources is imperative. The literature on training and instructional design is not only extensive but has a relatively long history. Many of the developments in these areas were driven by the desire to improve learning in our educational institutions and the training of our military and industrial personnel. One of the key challenges in writing this book was to distill knowledge from these vast areas that would be relevant to the problem of training and instructional design for older adults. This was necessary in part because there is no theory of training and instruction that is directed solely toward this population of learners. There are stretches throughout this book where it may seem that the older learner has been neglected as we examine in some depth topics fundamental to or related to training and instruction. However, we have tried as much as possible to ensure that these discussions always relate back to the primary subject of this book, the older learner"--
Travels with Epicurus : meditations from a Greek island on the pleasures of old age
The lines on Nana's face
Ageing and life course transitions : an interdisciplinary perspective
On growing old
Work or retirement? : labour market and social policy for older workers in France, Great Britain, the Netherlands, Sweden and the USA
Senescence and aging in plants
Aging : concepts and controversies
Down syndrome, health and disability:a population-based case record and follow-up study
His change of life : male menopause and healthy aging with testosterone
Canadian journal on aging
Aging and environment : institutional aspects
Active ageing : controlling the (ageing) bodies
Spring chicken : stay young forever (or die trying)
Handbook of cosmetic science and technology
Efforts to assemble a comprehensive reference of universal knowledge date back to Aristotle, and some consider the work Natural History of Pliny the Elder to be the first encyclopedia. By the nineteenth century, encyclopedias had become more specialized, in line with expanding knowledge that required many sources. The Encyclopedia of Gerontology, second edition, is illustrative of the character of gerontology itself, universal by its capacious nature, while at the same time specialized. That is one reason, among many, that makes the field so extraordinary and inviting. The growth of aging populations and the advance of longevity, after all, reflect one of the great universal historic demographic shifts of all time. And with this revolution in longevity have come numerous challenges – social, economic, political, ethical, and personal – requiring a range of special adjustments. This fine encyclopedia reflects both the challenges and the adjustments.  Conventional knowledge notes that as societies increase in wealth, they are in a better position to provide social, health, and other benefits for their citizens. But based upon recently acquired knowledge, the reverse is also true, that health and longevity promote wealth. Svanborg, Manton, and others have found that as a result of social, medical, and public health advances, people not only are living longer but also are more likely to enjoy more disability-free years. These two facts strengthen the prospectus for increasing years of productive engagement. This demographic shift constitutes a great human achievement, compelling, in turn, the transformation of our culture and the personal experience of growing older that is at hand. It will lead to a body of new concepts and data concerning old age – and to an expanding encyclopedia.
The wisdom of menopause : the complete guide to physical and emotional health during the change
Making things better : a novel
Human chain
Mitochondria and the black box of ageing
Valuing age : pastoral ministry with older people
No! I don't want to join a bookclub
Realistic expectations for long life
The anti-ageing beauty bible
Adult development and aging
No thanks! I'm quite happy standing!
Senescence ecology : aging in a natural population of wild brown mouse lemurs (Microcebus rufus)
We now live longer today than at any time in history. In the UK more people are aged over sixty-five than under sixteen and by 2050 over a third of the developed world will be over sixty. How should we deal with this phenomenon? What are the scientific reasons for ageing? And can - or should - we prevent it? Lewis Wolpert distinguished biologist and octogenarian explores the scientific background and the implications of our ageing population. In this engaging investigation he tackles every aspect of the subject from ageism to euthanasia to anti-ageing cream and through it all tries to better understand his own ageing. Witty frank and often inspiring Lewis Wolpert is the perfect guide to "looking very well".
Developmental psychology
Yes! I can manage, thank you!
Are the Keys in the Freezer : an Advocates Guide for Alzheimer's and other Dementias
In full flower : aging women, power and sexuality : a history
Burmese days ; Keep the aspidistra flying ; Coming up for air
Normal psychology of the aging process
Aging and mental health
Aging, apoptosis, and oxidative stress : the role of antioxidants : abstracts and essays of the workshop 009
Oral history and ageing
The secret pleasures of menopause playbook : a guide to creating vibrant health through pleasure
Ageing and the life course : an introduction to social gerontology
The sociology of aging : an annotated bibliography and sourcebook
Research on aging
Handbook of communication and aging research
Environmental gerontology : making meaningful places in old age
French women don't get facelifts : ageing with attitude
Aging and functional capacity - stress factors and coping resources
Yoga for life : how to stay strong, flexible & balanced over 40
Human ageing and later life : multidisciplinary perspectives
Good quality of life for elderly people : SPE Project end report
Aging and the life course / an introduction to social gerontology
The troubled man
Italian shoes
Journal of women & aging
The rough guide to men's health
Growing old in America : the Bland-Lee lectures delivered at Clark University
The cultural context of aging : worldwide perspectives
The desert rose
Aging and skilled performance : advances in theory and applications
No! I don't need reading glasses!
Written within a bio-psychosocial framework, Cavanaugh and Blanchard-Fields' text covers the specific ages-stages of adult development and aging. In its unparalleled coverage of current research and theory, the authors draw clear connections between research and application. The book's focus on "positive aging" and the gains and losses people experience across adulthood distinguish it from its competitors.
Fishing for stars
Mental health and aging : programs and evaluations
Canine and feline geriatrics
Determinants of socioeconomic differences in change in physical and mental functioning
Aging 2000 : our health care destiny. Vol 2, Psychosocial and policy issues
All the king's horses
The curious case of Benjamin Button
Journal of aging and physical activity : an official journal of the European Group for Research into Elderly and Physical Activity
Well-being for the elderly : primary preventive strategies
Amortality : the pleasures and perils of living agelessly
Michael Tolliver lives
Handbook of sociology of aging
