http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4706 colitis
colitis
Surgical treatment of ulcerative colitis : a clinical study
Restorative proctocolectomy for ulcerative colitis : a clinical and experimental study
Matrix metalloproteinases and their tissue inhibitors as biomarkers in ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease
Indications for operation in ulcerative colitis in the era of the pouch and before
Assesment of TNFα –blocking therapy in inflammatory bowel disease patients in deep remission
Treatment of experimental colitis by modulating microbiota and eicosanoids : effects of probiotics, prebiotics and leukotriene antagonist
Microscopic colitis : clinical features and gastroduodenal and immunogenetic findings
Ulcerative colitis : association with primary sclerosing cholangitis and colorectal neoplasia
Inflammatory bowel diseases : an epidemiological survey with twenty-year follow-up
Pediatric inflammatory bowel disease in Finland : incidence and long-term outcomes
Inflammation and invasive margin in colorectal cancer
On the role of the inducible enzymes iNOS and COX-2 in colitis
Ulcerative colitis and pouchitis : cytochemical and clinical study
Finnish summary.
Colectomy in an ICU patient population:clinical and histological evaluation
Abstract.
Nitric oxide and neuropeptides in the gut : changes in ulcerative colitis, pouchitis and short bowel syndrome
Intestinal Inflammation and Outcome of Treatment in Pediatric Inflammatory Bowel Disease
Mucosal IL-17 immunity in diseases : with special reference to inflammatory bowel disease
Interplay of genetic and environmental triggers in intestinal inflammation : genetics and transcriptomics in celiac disease and inflammatory bowel disease
Colectomy in an ICU patient population : clinical and histological evaluation
Clinical implications and utility of antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies in rheumatoid arthritis, spondylarthropathy and ulcerative colitis
Roles of keratins in intestinal health and disease
Intestinal inflammation and outcome of treatment in pediatric inflammatory bowel disease
Genetic variation and clinical manifestations in inflammatory bowel disease
Summary.
Inflammation in ileal-pouch : associated factors and long-term prognosis
Inflammatory bowel diseases in Finland : epidemiology, malignancies and mortality
Hepatobiliary changes in patients with ulcerative colitis : the role of colectomy
Abstract. - Yhteenveto. - Sammanfattning.
The function of the transmembrane protein FasL is to complex with the Fas receptor in a target cell and induce target cell apoptosis. Fas/FasL-mediated apoptosis plays important role in immunoregulation. FasL expression is mostly seen in activated lymphocytes. We have characterized endothelial FasL expression in different functional compartments of lymph nodes and gut-associated lymphoid tissue. Furthermore, we have explored the functional role of endothelial FasL expression by analyzing correlation with apoptosis of lymphocyte subpopulations in lymph nodes and by assessing endothelial expression under different conditions by activation of immune functions in gastrointestinal mucosa. Immunohistochemical stainings (Fas, FasL, CD3, CD20, CD19, CD23, CD56, FVIII) were performed on 20 reactive lymph node tissues (I and II), 60 pediatric endoscopy biopsy samples (III) or 60 samples from gut resections (IV). A double-staining method combining apoptosis detection with the TUNEL-method and lymphocyte classification with FasL, Fas and cell lineage markers was optimized. Patient groups included non-pathological lymph nodes, pediatric cow's milk-sensitive enteropathy, pediatric celiac disease, appendicitis, ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease. Control groups included normal biopsy samples from pediatric patients and non-pathological resecate samples from the appendix, colon or ileum to correspond to patient groups. Quantitative analysis (positive vessels or cells per mm2) was performed thoroughly for each anatomical region. In a subset of patients, soluble FasL in the serum was quantified with standard enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. In reactive lymph nodes FasL expression was predominantly present in high endothelial venules located in the paracortical area, where apoptotic T and B lymphocytes, some expressing Fas, were subsequently found. In the gut wall vascular FasL expression was seen in high endothelial vessels near lymphoid follicles. Serum FasL was elevated in children with an abundance of mucosal lymphoid follicles. In IBD, vascular FasL was upregulated in ulcers and in the submucosa of colons affected by Crohn's disease.The results indicate that endothelial FasL is characteristically present in high endothelial venules of lymphoid tissues. Detection of apoptotic Fas expressing lymphocytes adjacent to such vessels supports the idea that endothelial FasL functions as a selective gatekeeper by inducing apoptosis of Fas+ lymphocytes entering from the blood stream.
Cooking well : IBS : over 100 easy recipes for irritable bowel syndrome plus other digestive diseases including Crohn's, celiac, and colitis
Monitoring treatment response in Crohn's disease
Microscopic colitis:clinical features and gastroduodenal and immunogenetic findings
Endothelial FasL in lymph nodes and in intestinal lymphatic tissue
Clinical applications of probiotics in gastroenterology : questions and answers
Abstract. - Finnish and swedish summaries.
