http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4716 tapping
tapping
"The definitive book on how the News of the World phone-hacking scandal reached the highest echelons of power in the government, security, and the media in the UK, from the journalist who broke the story"--
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems' security
Langalla : The wire. Kolmas tuotantokausi
What followed was the most spectacular intelligence breach ever, brought about by one extraordinary man. Edward Snowden was a 29-year-old computer genius working for the National Security Agency when he shocked the world by exposing the near-universal mass surveillance programs of the United States government. His whistleblowing has shaken the leaders of nations worldwide, and generated a passionate public debate on the dangers of global monitoring and the threat to individual privacy. In a tour de force of investigative journalism that reads like a spy novel, award-winning Guardian reporter Luke Harding tells Snowden’s astonishing story—from the day he left his glamorous girlfriend in Honolulu carrying a hard drive full of secrets, to the weeks of his secret-spilling in Hong Kong, to his battle for asylum and his exile in Moscow. For the first time, Harding brings together the many sources and strands of the story—touching on everything from concerns about domestic spying to the complicity of the tech sector—while also placing us in the room with Edward Snowden himself. The result is a gripping insider narrative—and a necessary and timely account of what is at stake for all of us in the new digital age.
The worldwide success of wireless communications was originally fueled by the possibility to replace existing cables with wireless solutions. This phenomenon imposed the development of security engineering as a multidisciplinary field. Although wireless solutions can reduce installation costs and allow introducing new services, the end–users expect it to have the same level of security as they would normally have with wired solutions. Secure communications is an important part of the overall security of industrial wireless communications systems (IWCS).The aim of this thesis is to develop new security engineering methodologies for IWCS. The author develops countermeasures against confidentiality and integrity attacks and carries out a security analysis covering the protocol, electromagnetic and physical layer. In the first part of the thesis, Host Identity Protocol (HIP) is utilized to secure communication in an intra–vehicular network. Simulations and measurement campaigns are also conducted to evaluate the impact of the overhead on security in a tunnel, considering line–of–sight (LOS) and non–LOS (NLOS) scenarios.Electromagnetic analysis (EMA) is an important step in the development of safety–related systems. Today, the increasing usage of smaller integrated circuit also increases the susceptibility to electromagnetic (EM) interference. From near–field (NF) to far–field (FF) transformation, a method for the evaluation of the emissions leakage is investigated. The virtual EM (VEM) interface of the device–under–test (DUT) is studied, and it is described how an adversary can exploit it for denial of service (DoS) attacks. An effective jamming attack model is studied, and the theoretical calculations are validated with experiment–based results.Finally, focusing attention on physical layer security, two algorithms are developed. Active radio frequency fingerprinting (RFF) implements the exchange of a public key during the setup of secure communication. Afterwards, utilizing a jamming receiver in conjunction with the spread spectrum (SS) watermarking technique, the watermark–based blind physical layer security (WBPLSec) protocol is presented. The analysis and results indicate how the WBPLSec seems to be a valuable technique for deploying physical layer security by creating a secure region around the receiver.
Software and internet law
House divided
Lithium-6
Hack attack : the inside story of how the truth caught up with Rupert Murdoch
Person of interest. The complete second season
Cooperative networks : control and optimization
Langalla : The wire. Neljäs tuotantokausi
The uninvited
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems’ security
Eavesdropping in the novel from Austen to Proust
Lawful Interception for GPRS
The electronic privacy papers : documents on the battle for privacy in the age of surveillance
Person of interest. The complete fourth season
Person of interest = Kohde. The complete first season
The Snowden files : the inside story of the world's most wanted man
Firewall
Lawful interception in SSS
The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act
Person of interest. The complete third season
No place to hide : Edward Snowden, the NSA, and the U.S. surveillance state
Privacy on the line : the politics of wiretapping and encryption
