http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4718 endangered animals
endangered animals
The red book : wildlife in danger
Dugong : status reports and action plans for countries and territories
Dynamics, genetic structure and viability of a small and declining Temminck's stint (Calidris temminckii) population
Convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora : EC annual report 1993
The rarest of the rare : vanishing animals, timeless worlds
I wonder why the dodo is dead : and other questions about extict and endangered animals
Can we save the tiger?
Checklist of CITES species and annotated cites appendices and reservations = Lista de las especies CITES : Liste des especes CITES, a reference to the appendices to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Flora and Fauna
Going, going, gone? : animals and plants on the brink of extinction and how you can help
Watching, from the edge of extinction
Evaluating Seychelles magpie robin habitat quality for making translocation decisions
Climate change and rare species in Britain
Last chance to see
Ecological traits as determinants of extinction risk and distribution change in lepidoptera
Frogs : the animal answer guide
A guide to the coral reefs of the Caribbean
Phylogeography and population genetics of the moor frog (Rana arvalis Nilsson) in Northern Europe
Threatened birds of the world : the official source for birds on the IUCN red list
Imagining extinction
Species on the edge of survival
Threatened primates of Africa the IUCN Red Data Book : complied by the IUCN Conservation Monitoring Centre. Cambridge U.K
Threatened birds of Africa and related islands : the ICBP/IUCN Red data book, part 1
Saippa saimaannorpan puuhakirja = Saippa : the Saimaa ringed seal coloring and activity book
Baby animals : five stories of  endangered species
Convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora : EC annual report 1994
Poeetiline punane raamat Ukraina = Poetics of endangered species Ukraine
Baby animals
International pedigree book for snow leopards (Uncia uncia). Volume 8
Threatened frogs of Madagascar
Animals in danger in Africa
We are currently facing the sixth mass extinction of species in the history of life on Earth, biologists claim the first one caused by humans. Activists, filmmakers, writers, and artists are seeking to bring the crisis to the public's attention through stories and images that use the strategies of elegy, tragedy, epic, and even comedy. Imagining Extinction is the first book to examine the cultural frameworks shaping these narratives and images. Ursula K. Heise argues that understanding these stories and symbols is indispensable for any effective advocacy on behalf of endangered species. More than that, she shows how biodiversity conservation, even and especially in its scientific and legal dimensions, is shaped by cultural assumptions about what is valuable in nature and what is not. These assumptions are hardwired into even seemingly neutral tools such as biodiversity databases and laws for the protection of endangered species. Heise shows that the conflicts and convergences of biodiversity conservation with animal welfare advocacy, environmental justice, and discussions about the Anthropocene open up a new vision of multispecies justice. Ultimately, Imagining Extinction demonstrates that biodiversity, endangered species, and extinction are not only scientific questions but issues of histories, cultures, and values.
Exploring natural China
Bats in Ireland
International single species action plant for the conservation of the great snipe Gallinago media : agreement of the conservation of African-Eurasian migratory waterbirds
Animals in danger in South America
Akimbo and the elephants
Red data book of Latvia : rare and treatened species of plants and animals = Latvijas sarkanā grāmata : retās un apdraudētās augu un dzīvnieku sugas. Vol. 4, Invertebrates = Bezmugurkaulnieki
Checklist of fish and invertebrates listed in the CITES appendices
The atlas of endangered species
International pedigree book of snow leopards, Panthera uncia. Vol. 5, [Proceedings from the 5th International Snow Leopard Symposium, Srinagas, India, 1986]
Travels in search of endangered species
Threatened animals of India
Planet animal : [saving Earth's disappearing animals]
Panda rescue : changing the future for endangered wildlife
1988 IUCN red list of threatened animals
Panda : an intimate portrait of one world's most elusive animals
1996 IUCN red list of threatened animals
Lietuvos raudonoji knyga : retosios ir nykstančios gyvūnų, augalų bei grybų rūšys = Red data book of Lithuania : rare and endangered species of animals, plants and fungi
Hope for animals
The IUCN invertebrate red data book
Birds of prey rescue : changing the future for endangered wildlife
Hope for animals and their world : how endangered species are being rescued from the brink
Atlas of rare birds
Sea turtles of Kuwait
Beacham's guide to international endangered species. Vol 3, Non-mammals listed prior to 2000
The common hamster (Cricetus cricetus) : perspectives on an endangered species
Checklist of CITES species = Lista de las especies CITES = Liste des especes CITES : a reference to the appendices to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Flora and Fauna
Rödlistade arter i Sverige 2005 = the 2005 red list of Swedish species
Beacham's guide to the endangered species of North America. Vol. 3, Arachnids and Crustaceans, Insects, Lichens, Fern Allies, True Ferns, Conifers, Dicots
Polar bear
Birds of prey
International pedigree book of snow leopards, Panthera uncia. Vol. 2, [2. International Conference on Snow Leopards in Zürich Zoo on 9th-10th October 1980]
Zoos and tourism : conservation, education, entertainment?
Taxonomy, distribution, biology and conservation status of Finnish Auchenorrhyncha (Hemiptera: Fulgoromorpha et Cicadomorpha)
Saving the tiger : a conservation strategy
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Taxonomy, distribution, biology and conservation status of Finnish Auchenorrhyncha (Hemiptera: Fulgoromorpha et Cicadomorpha).
It's my world too : discover endangered animals and their habitats
The extinction club
2000 IUCN red list of threatened species
The wild bird trade : when a bird in the hand means none in the bush
The tiger : a true story of vengeance and survival
The abominables
The manatee scientists : saving vulnerable species
Lietuvos raudonoj knyga = Red data book of Lithuania - red data book of animals, plants and fungi
The IUCN Amphibia-Reptilia red data book : Part 1: Testudines, Crocodylia, Rhynchocephalia
Last chance to see : in the footsteps of Douglas Adams
Wildfight : a history of conservation
The Children's animal atlas : how animals have evolved, where they live today, why so many are in danger
Metapopulation ecology of Osmoderma eremita : dispersal, habitat quality and habitat history
Reefs at risk : a map-based indicator of threats to the world's coral reefs
Very wonderful, very rare : saving the most endangered wildlife on Earth
Animals in danger in North America
Convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora : EC annual report 1992
Pi-shu : the little panda
The great soul of Siberia : in search of the elusive Siberian tiger
The IUCN mammal red data book : Part 1: Threatened mammalian taxa of the Americas and the Australasian zoogeographic region (excluding Cetacea)
Beacham's guide to international endangered species. Vol. 1-2, Mammals listed 1970 to July 1997
1994 IUCN red list of threatened animals
Endangered species
The endangered Saimaa ringed seal in a changing climate : challenges for conservation and monitoring
