http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4726 glutathione
glutathione
Interactions of AMPA receptors with intracellular proteins
Abstract.
Anxiety-like behavior and protein nitrosylation in a heterozygous glutathione reductase mouse model
Fatal Myocarditis : with special reference to viral etiology and cardiomyocyte apoptosis
Mechanisms and applications of disulfide bond formation
Glutathione reductase of human erythrocytes : Purification and properties
Functional studies on glutathione transferases by protein engineering
Glutathione : synthesis during development and metabolism in experimental hypertension
Regulation, structure and function of glutathione reductase and its transcriptional regulator NtcA from the cyanobacterium Anabaena PCC 7120
Hepatotoxic potential of flupirtine
Structural studies on enzymes of biotechnological and biomedical interest
Crystal structure determination of a tau class glutathione transferase isoenzyme from glycine max
In vitro methods in the study of reactive drug metabolites with liquid chromatography / mass spectrometry
Effects of ultraviolet-B radiation (UV-B) on needle anatomy and glutathione status of field-grown pines
The neuromodulatory roles of glutathione, s-nitrosoglutathione and cysteine in the central nervous system : neurotransmitter characteristics of glutathione
Glutathione status in bilberry and Scots pine in relation to seasonal dynamics and certain long-term stressors
Structure and function of glyoxalases I and II : two distinct glutathione-linked enzymes
"Both tobacco smoke and asbestos fibers enter the body mainly by inhalation. In the lungs, they may evoke oxidative stress, alter the protease-antiprotease balance, induce innate and adaptive immune responses, and create persistent inflammation leading eventually to lung injury. The type and severity of lung injury induced by foreign compounds varies greatly between individuals, even with similar exposure history. These differences are believed to originate from the complex interplay between genetic, epigenetic, environmental, and life course factors. In this study, the effects of genetic variation on the risk and severity of asbestos and smoking related non-malignant pleural and pulmonary changes and lung function impairment was examined among Finnish construction workers. The studied polymorphic genes encode proteins involved in xenobiotic metabolizing, proteolytic balance, inflammation, and innate immunity; pathways that are potentially linked to asbestos and tobacco smoke exposure." -- (Back Cover)
Reactive metabolites are believed to be responsible for rare but serious idiosyncratic adverse drug reactions (IADRs) that have led to the withdrawal of numerous drugs from the market. This has resulted in major harm to patients, economic losses for the pharmaceutical companies and represents a serious problem in drug development. Reactive metabolites can be studied by trapping them with suitable nucleophiles, most commonly with glutathione. The glutathione conjugates formed in these reactions can be analyzed with liquid chromatography mass spectrometry (LC/MS) techniques. In this study, new in vitro methods for the detection and analysis of reactive metabolites were developed. The suitability for reactive metabolite screening of different enzyme sources commonly used in vitro were compared. It was found that sub-cellular fractions yielded significantly larger amounts of glutathione-trapped reactive metabolites as compared to the amounts obtained from intact hepatocytes. Additionally, different metabolites were detected in some cases. Biomimetic metalloporphyrin catalysts were tested for their ability to produce larger amounts of glutathione-trapped metabolites relative to liver S9 fraction incubations. An increase in reactive metabolite production was observed with biomimetic models, but not all of the metabolites produced by liver S9 were observed. The glutathione conjugates of pulegone and of its metabolite menthofuran were analyzed with LC/MS/MS, and the fragmentation spectra of N- and S-/N- di-linked glutathione conjugate were interpreted in detail for the first time. These results will enable more efficient screening of reactive metabolites of furan-containing compounds. Acyl glucuronides are metabolites produced from carboxylic acid-containing compounds and can be reactive. A good correlation was found between the acyl migration half-life and the tendency of adrug to cause IADRs. The carboxylic moiety can also be metabolized to yield acyl coenzyme A (CoA) conjugates that may be more reactive than their corresponding acyl glucuronides. The formation of CoA conjugates and additional conjugates formed from them was found to be more likely with drugs that cause IADRs.
In vitro methods in the study of reactive drug metabolites with liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry
Genetic susceptibility to asbestos and tobacco smoke related non-malignant pleuropulmonary changes
Biochemical changes in inborn and acquired errors of metabolism
Glutathione transferases as detoxification agents : structural and functional studies
