http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4727 antioxidants
antioxidants
Regulation of murine hepatic <em>Cytochrome P450 2a5</em> expression by transcription factor Nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2
Introduction to flavonoids
The role of diet during pregnancy and infancy in the development of childhood allergies and asthma
Plants as a source of natural antioxidants
Vitamin E decreases hepatic levels of aldehyde-derived peroxidation products in rats with iron overload
Oxidation of emulsified oat proteins
Anthocyanin profile and antioxidative capacity of some autochthonous Croatian red wines
Measuring in vivo oxidative damage : a practical approach
Antioxidative enzymes, carbonic anhydrases and claudins in pediatric brain tumors : prognostic and predictive value
Catechins and procyanidins in berries of Vaccinium species and their antioxidant activity
Free radical and antioxidant protocols
Rancidity in foods
Regulation, structure and function of glutathione reductase and its transcriptional regulator NtcA from the cyanobacterium Anabaena PCC 7120
Additives in polymers
Handbook of antioxidants
Impact of isolation method on the antioxidant activity of rapeseed meal phenolics
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Medicinal and Aromatic Plants : Chiang Mai, Thailand, January 15-18, 2007
Suppressive effect of epigallocatechin gallate (EGCg) on DNA methylation in mice : detection by methylation sensitive restriction endonuclease digestion and PCR
Aging, apoptosis, and oxidative stress : the role of antioxidants : abstracts and essays of the workshop 009
Ultraviolet radiation-induced oxidative stress in cultured human skin fibroblasts and antioxidant protection
Dermatologic, cosmeceutic, and cosmetic development : therapeutic and novel approaches
10th World congress of the International Association for the Scientific Study of Intellectual Disabilities (IASSID) : 8-13 July, 1996, Finlandia Hall, Helsinki, Finland
Flavonoids in fruits and vegetables : non-destructive estimation by chlorophyll fluorescence and effects of postharvest storage and UV-B irradiation
Rose hips and sea buckthorn berries contain high amounts of beneficial bioactive compounds. In this study the content and stability of natural vitamins and antioxidants were investigated in two fruit beverages made from rose hip powder, sea buckthorn berry purée and white grape juice concentrate, and wheat germ oil in one of the beverages. Beverages were formulated, pasteurised and filled aseptically in Tetra Brik packages and stored up to 35 days at 4 °C or 22 °C. Samples were analysed for the content of ascorbic acid, carotenoids, major phenolics, tocochromanols, total phenols and total antioxidant capacity as ferric reducing ability. The largest changes occurred during the first 5 days of storage, thereafter mainly ascorbic acid decreased. In the wheat germ oil supplemented beverage, α-tocopherol was more rapidly degraded. Negative correlations between the decrease of some carotenoids and tocochromanols, and the increase of some phenolics, suggest relationships of redox reactions specific to the amount of oil supplemented. From the present study we can conclude that additions of oil to beverages should be carefully selected to avoid oxidations of bioactive compounds. Furthermore, packaging of the beverages should be carried out at higher temperatures and thereafter it should be stored at low temperatures (4 °C), which decreased oxidation of all bioactive compounds except ascorbic acid..
Antioksidantit kliinisessä lääketieteessä : Oriolan Leikola-salissa, Espoo, 2.10.2001 : symposiumin esitelmälyhennelmät = Antioxidants in clinical medicine : Oriola, Orionint. 5, Espoo, Finland, 2.10.2001 : abstracts and essays
Antioxidant properties of cows' milk
Dietary effects on antioxidants, oxidised LDL and homocysteine
Effects of acute prolonged exercise on serum and LDL oxidation and antioxidant defences
Antioxidant nutrients and mycotoxins
Goop clean beauty
Antioxidants and their use in the prevention and treatment of neurological diseases
Antioxidant activity of dietary beta-carotene and canthaxanthin in biological systems and the influence of these carotenoids on tissue vitamin E and vitamin A content
Epidemiological follow-up study on dietary antioxidant vitamins : results from the Finnish mobile clinic health examination survey
Textbook of cosmetic dermatology
Proceedings of the First International Symposium on Natural Preservatives in Food Systems : Princeton, USA, March 30-31, 2005
The effects of anabolic androgenic steroids on serum ubiquinone and dolichol levels among steroid abusers
Oxidative stress and inflammation underpin most diseases; their mechanisms are inextricably linked. For example, chronic inflammation is associated with oxidation, anti-inflammatory cascades are linked to decreased oxidation, increased oxidative stress triggers inflammation, and redox balance inhibits the inflammatory cellular response. Whether or not oxidative stress and inflammation represent the causes or the consequences of cellular pathology, they contribute significantly to the pathogenesis of non-communicable diseases. The incidence of obesity and other related metabolic disturbances are rising, as are age-related diseases due to progressively aging populations. Interrelations between the mechanisms of oxidative stress and of inflammatory signaling and metabolism are, in the broad sense of energy transformation, being increasingly recognized as part of the problem in non-communicable diseases. The book Oxidative Stress and Inflammation in Non-communicable Diseases: Molecular Mechanisms and Perspectives in Therapeutics is an update on the latest research on the molecular basis of non-communicable diseases and the search for possible therapeutic alternatives. The authors of this monograph are experts in their field, and the book as a whole, provides an overview of the biochemical alterations underlying diseases such as cardiovascular disease, cancer, obesity, renal disease, neurological diseases and diabetes, emphasizing those aspects that they share in common. We hope that this book will be useful for researchers in biomedicine, and also for physicians interested in finding the root causes of the disease, as well as for post-graduate students in biochemistry, molecular biology, nutrition or medicine.
Fractionation and assessment of antioxidant activities of active components of Garcinia kola seed
Oxidative Stress and Inflammation in Non-communicable Diseases - Molecular Mechanisms and Perspectives in Therapeutics
Raspberries antioxidant activity in different food model systems
Spices : flavor chemistry and antioxidant properties
A comparison of the antioxidant properties of steryl ferulates with tocopherol at high temperatures
TLC method for evaluation of free radical scavenging activity of rapseed meal by video scanning technology
Phenolic compounds and their antioxidant properties in different tissues of carrots (Daucus carota L.)
Harry's cosmeticology : 2
Nutrition for healthy skin : strategies for clinical and cosmetic practice
Lipid oxidation pathways. vol. 2
Antioxidant and redox regulation of genes
Antioxidants, weight change and risk of type 2 diabetes
Antioxidant food supplements in human health
Cosmetic dermatology : products and procedures
Nutrition and cancer prevention : investigating the role of micronutrients
Liver enzyme activities of rats exposed to ochratoxin A and T-2 toxin with antioxidants
Handbook of nutraceuticals and functional foods
Antioxidants in fruits, berries and vegetables
Antioxidative capacity and oxidation susceptibility of atherogenic plasma lipoproteins : assessment and role of vitamin E
The expression and possible role of manganese superoxide dismutase in malignant pleural mesothelioma
Essential oils as reagents in green chemistry
Food and nutritional supplements : their role in health and disease
Evaluation of the possible role of coenzyme Q10 and vitamin E in juvenile neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinosis (JNCL)
Content of total phenolic compounds and antioxidant capacity (FRAP) were investigated in the leaves of three sea buckthorn (Hippophaë  rhamnoides L.) cultivars: "Otradnaja", "Gibrid Pertjika" and "Ljubitelskaja", at different dates. In addition, major phenolic compounds (catechin, kaempferol, quercetin, epigallocatechin, kaempferol-3-O-glucoside, quercetin-3-O-galactoside, isorhamnetin-3-O-glucoside, rutin, gallic acid, procyanidin monomer glycoside, procyanidin dimer aglycone and hydrolyzable tannins I-III) were determined in "Ljubitelskaja". Antioxidant capacity and the content of total phenolic compounds fluctuated during April, May and June, and then increased until the end of July, when the highest values were observed. Total phenolic compounds were strongly correlated with FRAP. Levels were generally higher in "Ljubitelskaja" than in "Otradnaja" and "Gibrid Pertjika". In "Ljubitelskaja", hydrolyzable tannins I-III occurred in higher amounts than did any of the other studied phenolic compounds. The developmental stage of the leaves (harvesting date) had a strong influence on content of phenolic compounds and should be carefully considered when harvesting sea buckthorn leaves for different purposes.
The role of endogenous protein antioxidants in neuronal adaptation to hypobaric hypoxia
Effects of exercise and alpha-lipoic acid supplementation on brain tissue protection in experimental diabetes
Eleven advanced strawberry lines ("SJ011‑10", "SJ0440‑2", "SJ061‑8", "SJ066‑3", "SJ069‑3", "SJ069‑12", "SJ0814‑37", "SJ8518‑11", "K04‑12", "LL0220‑10" and "V151") were evaluated for their yield, fruit quality, total phenolic content, total antioxidant capacity, and phenolic composition, and were compared with a commercial cultivar ("Wendy"). The results showed that "SJ069‑3" had excellent soluble solids content, mid-level titratable acidity, low weight loss, and the best firmness among all the cultivars. Higher total antioxidant capacity was found in "SJ069‑3", according to ferric reducing antioxidant power and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays, an indication that "SJ069‑3" is a promising new cultivar for the fresh market. In addition to rich individual phenolics, "SJ061‑8" had the highest total antioxidant capacity, which was significantly different from the other genotypes, suggesting the potential use of this line as parent material in breeding or as a functional food ingredient. There was a strong relationship between total antioxidant capacity and total phenolic content, according to Folin-Ciocalteu, ferric reducing antioxidant power, and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays. This study confirms that anthocyanins are major phenolic compounds contributing to the main antioxidant power of strawberries.
Ototoxicity : basic science and clinical applications
Cosmeceuticals and active cosmetics
The neurobiology of NO- and -OH
Chemical composition of Ocimum species
Investigation of plant extracts for the protection of processed foods against lipid oxidation : comparison of antioxidant assays based on radical scavenging, lipid oxidation and analysis of the principal antioxidant compounds
Myocardial antioxidant enzyme systems in physical exercise and tissue damage
Handbook of food preservation
Berry phenolics : isolation, analysis, identification, and antioxidant properties
Oxygen radicals in biological systems. Pt. D
A translational study on the roles of redox molecules, cell cycle regulators and chemokine receptors as prognostic factors in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma
Agronomic characteristics and phytochemical profiles of advanced June-bearing strawberry lines for the northern Canadian climate
The oxidative stability of lipids in milk and milk powder in relation to some pro- and antioxidants
Antioxidant activity of plant extracts containing phenolic compounds
The health delusion : how to achieve exceptional health in the 21st century
Biological oxidants and antioxidants : molecular mechanisms and health effects
10th World congress of the International Association for the Scientific Study of Intellectual Disabilities (IASSID) : 8-13 July, 1996, Finlandia Hall, Helsinki, Finland : program & abstracts
Pro-oxidant activity of vitamin C in drinking water : role of copper, iron and bicarbonate
Selenium fertilization and food chain quality
Abstract: The basic composition and the antioxidant activity of dried mesocarp of the coffee berry and the coffee berry juice drink.
"Embracing both the art and science of skin care, Cosmetic Dermatology covers a wide range of interventions and treatments designed to maintain and beautify healthy skin and protect and improve damaged skin. A 'bible' in the field of cosmetic dermatology, this highly acclaimed text is now in its fourth edition. Focusing on the scientific detail of why and how the biotechnology works, this is an indispensable guide for all involved in this rapidly expanding field"--Provided by publisher.
Oxidative stress and cell adhesion in skin cancer
Antioxidant activity of K2CO3-extracted lignin from wheat straw
Putative neuroprotective compounds in in vitro models of dopaminergic neurodegeneration
The total soluble phenolic compounds (TSPC) and antioxidant activity (AA) of 113 tetraploid wheat samples including cultivars, landraces, and wild accessions of different Triticum turgidum subspecies, were assessed to point out potential sources for cereal-based functional foods. TSPC ranged from 1.28 to 3.15 mg g-1 as ferulic acid equivalents and AA, assessed by 2,2-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazyl radical scavenging capacity test, ranged from 47.5% to 81.7%. Among cultivars of ssp. durum, the highest levels were observed in "Timilia" and "Svevo", while the ssp. dicoccoides showed the highest TSPC and AA among the accessions. The principal component analysis of data discriminated cultivars from wild accessions, and PC1 explained about 62% of variability. The TSPC were negatively correlated with thousand-kernel weight and grain yield per spike, while were positively correlated with AA, grain protein content, polyphenol oxidase activity, and brown index of whole meal and dough. The cultivar "Langdon"coupled high TSPC and low brownness.
Metal-induced oxidative stress and antioxidant defence in small passerine birds
Oxidation and antioxidants in organic chemistry and biology
Food antioxidants
Antioxidative properties of an artichoke extract on the expression of adhesion molecules E-selectin and ICAM-1 induced by chylomicrons originated from bovine milk fat meal
Increased serum and low-density-lipoprotein antioxidant potential after antioxidant supplementation in endurance athletes
Antioxidant release from synthetic bioabsorbable polymer films
Effect of phenolic-rich plant materials on protein and lipid oxidation reactions
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Genetic Resources of Bamboos and Palms and 3rd International Sympos[i]um on Ornamental Palms : Campinas, Brazil, November 21-25, 2010
Sources of natural antioxidants : vegetables, fruits, herbs, spices and teas
Natural antioxidants and anticarcinogens in nutrition, health and disease : the proceedings of the Second International Conference on Natural Antioxidants and Anticarcinogens in Nutrition, Health and Disease held on 24-27 June 1998 in Helsinki, Finland
Responses of mustard (Brassica campestris) and rice (Oryza sativa) cultivars to tropospheric ozone in India : results from EDU treatments
Effect of storage time and temperature on stability of bioactive compounds in aseptically packed beverages prepared from rose hips and sea buckthorn berries
Red wine and health
Berry-vegetable nectar: antiinfective in young cross country skiers
Summary: Antioxidant supply against chronic diseases?.
The effect of simvastatin treatment on natural antioxidants in low-density lipoproteins and high-energy phosphates and ubiquinone in skeletal muscle
Flavonoids and other polyphenols
Demand for functional foods that offer therapeutic and disease-prevention properties is globally increasing. Barley presents an opportunity in this regard due to its high antioxidants and dietary fiber contents. Barley wholegrain and milling fractions were investigated in terms of phenolic acids composition, scavenging capacity against DPPH and ABTS radicals and inhibition of human LDL oxidation in vitro. Ferulic and p-coumaric were the primary phenolic acids in wholegrain and pearled fractions accounting for 43-97% and 2-55% of total phenolic acids, respectively. This wide range demonstrates significant differences among barley wholegrain or pearled products. Antioxidant capacities also varied significantly among barleys with the hulless cultivars tested exhibiting the greatest. The outer layers fraction showed higher scavenging capacity against ABTS and DPPH radicals and inhibitory effects toward LDL oxidation compared with the endosperm fractions. The results suggest that the outer layer and hull fractions would potentially provide promising sources of natural antioxidants.
Impact of extraction method on the antioxidant activity of rapeseed phenolics
Variability of total soluble phenolic compounds and antioxidant activity in a collection of tetraploid wheat
Oxygen radicals in biological systems. Pt. 100
Control of reactive oxygen species homeostasis in response to environmental stress
Antioxidant effect of plant phenolics incorporated into liposomes
Development of sample pretreatment and liquid chromatographic techniques for antioxidative compounds
Intracellular high energy metabolite depletion and cell membrane injury with antioxidant enzymes during oxidant exposure in vitro
Handbook of antioxidants : bond dissociation energies, rate constants, activation energies and enthalpies of reactions
Similarities between TNF and exogenous oxidants on the cytotoxic response of c-Myc-expression fibroblast in vitro
Neuromuscular, hormonal and oxidative stress responses to endurance running exercises in well-trained runners
Food additives data book
New insights into nutrition and lung health
Evaluation of means to increase the content of bioactive phenolic compounds in soft fruits
Antioxidant capacities and antioxidants of strawberry, blackberry and raspberry leaves
Analysis of lipid oxidation during digestion by liquid chromatography : mass spectrometric and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopic techniques
Regulation of murine hepatic Cytochrome P450 2a5 expression by transcription factor Nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2
Adaptive responses to progressive drought stress in two poplar species originating from different attitudes
Clinical aspects of functional foods and nutraceuticals
The antioxidant vitamins C and E
Nutrition and skin
Phenolic acids and antioxidant properties of barley wholegrain and pearling fractions
Antioxidants in food and biology : facts and fiction
Proceedings of the Technical Workshop on Trace Elements, Natural Antioxidants and Contaminants : Helsinki-Espoo August 25-26, 1995
Antioxidant activities of berry anthocyanins
Antioxidants and the skin
Phenolic contents in relation to antioxidant activities of berry and fruit wines and juices, and their raw materials
Growth and physiological responses to supplemental UV-B radiation of two contrasting poplar species
Emerging bioresources with nutraceutical and pharmaceutical prospects
Lipid oxidation and nitration products as activators of cytoprotective Nrf2 signaling in the endothelium
Skin aging, free radicals and antioxidanst
Ubiquinone supplementation and exercise capacity in trained young and older men
The clear skin cookbook : how the right food can improve your skin
Free radicals in biology and medicine
Evidence for increased oxidative stress in preterm infants eventually developing chronic lung disease
Epidemiological follow-up study on dietary antioxidant vitamins : results from the Finnish Mobile Clinic Health Examination Survey
Effect of plant phenolics and protein and lipid oxidation in cooked pork meat patties
Proceedings of the Second International Symposium on Natural Preservatives in Food, Feed and Cosmetics : Amsterdam, The Netherlands, June 7-8, 2008
Recent advances in polyphenol research. Vol. 1
Flavonoids in the living system
Changes in content of major phenolic compounds during leaf development of sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides L.)
Red wines made from Croatian autochthonous varieties were analyzed for their basic chemical compounds, anthocyanin profiles, total polyphenol contents, monomeric index and antioxidative capacity. Results of analysed red wines showed that alcohol and glycerol content was highest in Plavac mali and Babic wine, while the biggest difference was noted in the shikimic acid content ranging from 5 to 21 mg/l. Wine with the highest shikimic acid content (Crljenak viski) had also the lowest total anthocyanin content. All tested wines showed high antioxidative capacity ranging from 14.3 to 39.2 mmol/l while the total polyphenol content was between 1403 and 3633 mg/l. Marked variation was noted in contents of individual anthocyanins, with malvidin-3-monoglucoside as major compound in all analysed wines. Monomeric index showed some differences between analysed wines in monomeric and polymeric anthocyanin contents ranging from 3 to 9. Our results indicate that anthocyanin profile differences might determine considerable variations in the colour and composition of red wines.
Carotenoids in health and disease
Antioxidants and lipids in oat cultivars as affected by environmental factors
Carotenoids as antioxidants to prevent photooxidation
In order to eliminate the constraint of bitterness inherent to Garcinia kola seed which may hinder its application as a natural antioxidant in food systems, a simple procedure of extraction, fractionation and assessment of organoleptic and antioxidant properties of fractionated extracts and some currently used synthetic antioxidants is communicated. Fractionation of active components of crude ethanolic extract of Garcinia kola seed was accomplished using vacuum liquid chromatography (VLC). Fractions obtained were subjected to sensory, chemical, spectroscopic and storage assessment in order to evaluate their antioxidant potentials. Fractionation yielded 6 extracts with antioxidant potentials as revealed by spectroscopic and chemical analysis. Sensory examination and antioxidant storage test showed that some fractions (designated Fand F<sub>5</sub>) were yellow in appearance and had non-bitter taste in contrast to the crude extract associated with dark brown appearance with bitter taste. Statistical analysis (p=0.05) showed that the antioxidant effectiveness (AE) of the fractionated extracts (F<sub>4</sub><sup>AE</sup>=58.44%; F<sub>5</sub><sup>AE</sup>=55.34%) were comparable to currently used synthetic antioxidants. The fractionated extracts can be used to prolong storability of food products.
Natural extracts using supercritical carbon dioxide
Antioxidants in food : practical applications
Proceedings of the Technical Workshop on Trace Elements, Natural Antioxidants and Contaminants, Helsinki-Espoo, August 25-26, 1995
