http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4736 motivation (activity)
motivation (activity)
Teachers as classroom coaches : how to motivate students across the content areas
People skills for project managers
Female Leadership Motivation in Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises
We are Market Basket : the story of the unlikely grassroots movement that saved a beloved business
The 5 languages of appreciation in the workplace : empowering organizations by encouraging people
Leadership through people skills
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
"The most powerful word in your leadership vocabulary is. THANKS!..Building a fully engaged, energized workforce is the key to business success. The Power of Thanks reveals how leading companies like Intuit, JetBlue Airways, IHG, Symantec, ConAgra Foods, and The Hershey Company empower employees through social recognition, in which the practice of mutual appreciation and trust directs and rewards higher performance...Eric Mosley and Derek Irvine, executives at the world-renowned employee recognition firm Globoforce, explain why social recognition is so powerful and how you can apply it in your company. Case by case, they show how a carefully.planned and consistently executed Culture of Recognition business strategy inspires:. Greater employee engagement and loyalty. Stronger, more unified teams and departments. A creative, innovative company culture. Improved customer satisfaction. Increased profitability and organizational health..Mosley and Irvine provide practical advice and proven examples for devising a powerful, growth-generating strategy that modernizes employee recognition for today's social, global, multi-generational and 24x7 wired workforce...When employees participate in a culture that makes everyone a stakeholder in the organization's success, positive energy spreads like wildfire, and business results follow. Something so simple and powerful might work like magic, but it's really just common sense. It's smart management. It's long-term thinking...It's The Power of Thanks."--
The art of explanation : making your ideas, products, and services easier to understand
Education outreach in working places : lifelong learning animateurs
Manager's guide to motivating employees
Practical methods of user involvement in the service innovation process based on user motivation : conducted in conjunction with the FUAS "Virtual Campus" E-learning project
Motivation and the restaurant work force in Finnish Lapland
Primary teachers' conceptions on motivational concepts
How to motivate individuals in sales teams : case study: Company X
Companies don't succeed - people do! : ideas to create profits through people
Creating a total rewards strategy : a toolkit for designing business-based plans
Payoff : the hidden logic that shapes our motivations
Engaging the disengaged : inclusive approaches to teaching the least advantaged
Fun and gains : motivate and energize staff wirh workplace games, contests and activities
Ubuntu! : an inspiring story about an African tradition of teamwork and collaboration
How to manage people
Motivate to win
The big book of business games : icebreakers, creativity exercises, and meeting energizers
Supervision in the hospitality industry
Self-esteem in the classroom : a self-esteem curriculum
Performance criteria and incentive systems
Developing management skills for Europe
Motivate to win : how to motivate yourself and others
Performance management : putting research into action
The new breed : understanding and equipping the 21st century volunteer
Abstract: Internal marketing : towards employee satisfaction.
Creating a Product Concept to  Oy High Peak Finland Ltd.
Now, discover your strengths : how to develop your talents and those of the people you manage
Compassionate leadership : how to create and maintain engaged, committed & high-performing teams
Handbook of competence and motivation
Internal marketing : towards employee satisfaction
Creating a model for identification and motivation of innovation champions
Strings attached : untangling the ethics of incentives
The art of winning commitment : 10 ways leaders can engage minds, hearts, and spirits
Organisational behaviour for dummies
I'll believe it when I see it : a study of English and German teachers' beliefs about and use of motivational strategies
Rethinking depression : how to shed mental health labels and create personal meaning
Inspiring active learning : a complete handbook for today's teachers
The art of demotivation
How to motivate people : a guide for managers
Motivating people
Secrets of power persuasion for salespeople
The ingredients of challenge
The tao of motivation : inspire yourself and others
New developments in goal setting and task performance
Motivating the "what's in it for me?" workforce : manage across the generational divide and increase profits
Motivation approaches in a Russian-owned and a foreign-owned company in Russia
Incentives can be found everywhere - in schools, businesses, factories, and government - influencing people's choices about almost everything, from financial decisions and tobacco use to exercise and child rearing. So long as people have a choice, incentives seem innocuous. But "Strings Attached" demonstrates that when incentives are viewed as a kind of power rather than as a form of exchange, many ethical questions arise: How do incentives affect character and institutional culture? Can incentives be manipulative or exploitative, even if people are free to refuse them? And what are the responsibilities of the powerful in using incentives? Ruth Grant shows that, like all other forms of power, incentives can be subject to abuse, and she identifies their legitimate and illegitimate uses. Grant offers a history of the growth of incentives in early twentieth-century America, identifies standards for judging incentives, and examines incentives in four areas - plea bargaining, recruiting medical research subjects, International Monetary Fund loan conditions, and motivating students. In every case, the analysis of incentives in terms of power yields strikingly different and more complex judgments than an analysis that views incentives as trades, in which the desired behavior is freely exchanged for the incentives offered. Challenging the role and function of incentives in a democracy, "Strings Attached" questions whether the penchant for constant incentivizing undermines active, autonomous citizenship. Readers of this book are sure to view the ethics of incentives in a new light.
Motivational strategies as perceived and implemented by future L2 teachers : a comparison of two groups of Finnish university students
How to motivate people
Lean transformation in an office environment : Lean tools and engagement techniques for office managers
What teachers make : in praise of the greatest job in the world
Managing diversity in practice : supporting business goals
Coaching for learning : a practical guide for encouraging learning
Organizational communication based on organizational justice theory for motivating workers with different cultural values
Visualization for weight loss : the Gabriel Method guide to using your mind to transform your body
Renaissance Management : the rebirth of energy and innovation in people and organizations
"Reward Management is a practical guide to understanding and implementing really effective reward strategies in your organization. Tailored to the needs of practitioners it uses a combination of practical tools, scenarios and case studies to cover areas including pay grades and structure, job evaluation, pay reviews, bonus plans, non-cash reward, benefits, tax issues and much more. Aligning reward with the strategic objectives of the organization it will equip you with the skills you need to plan, implement and assess a reward strategy in any type of organization"--
Streetwise motivating & rewarding employees : new and better ways to inspire your people
Human resource research methods
Make it matter : how managers can motivate by creating meaning
This book concentrates on the last twenty years of research in the area of goal setting and performance at work. The editors and contributors believe goals affect action, and this volume will have a lineup of international contributors who look at the recent theories and implications in this area for IO psychologists and human resource management academics and graduate students.
Motivation theories in human resource management : problems and solutions for a reward system at Shen Ma Company
What to consider when coaching children in the age of 7 to 17 : - a practical guidebook
Motivating young people  : A case study on AIESEC Tampere
Worker motivation in crowdsourcing new product development
Effectiveness of eMarketing in employee selection / case Freight forwarders in Australia, Canada and the United Kingdom
Better profit by improving the company's management
Motivate and reward : performance appraisal and incentive systems for business success
Mobile applications to support physical exercise : motivational factors and design strategies
Motivational dialogue : preparing addiction professionals for motivational interviewing practice
Engaged leadership : building a culture to overcome employee disengagement
How to be better at... delegation and coaching
Immaterial and material rewarding in motivating employees : observations in a public agency
Employee engagement & communication research : measurement, strategy & action
Academically adrift : limited learning on college campuses
Crash and learn : 600+ road-tested tips to keep audiences fired up and engaged!
Increasing Employee Satisfaction and Motivation : Case Company: Top Connect OÜ
The excellent 11 : qualities teachers and parents use to motivate, inspire, and educate children
Teaching intensive and accelerated courses : instruction that motivates learning
Management coaching : research on coaching Telesales
Totally positive teaching : a five-stage approach to energizing students and teachers
The manager's coaching toolkit : fast and simple solutions for busy managers
Reward management : alternatives, consequences and contexts
Light their fire : using internal marketing to ignite employee performance and wow your customers
Increasing Sales in a Hotel Lobby Shop
Strategic reward : making it happen
Employee Motivation and Performance
For the win : how game thinking can revolutionize your business
Reward and incentive schemes
More proactive sales management : avoid mistakes even great sales managers make - and get extraordinary results
Successful fitness motivation strategies
Motivating adult students of IB Program : opinions and improvement suggestions
Well-researched and practical top level guidance on how to formulate the best strategy for incentives and recognition and how to implement such programmes effectively in both large and small organizations.
The A level mindset : 40 activities for transforming student commitment, motivation and productivity
Extrinsic and intrinsic motivators in knowledge worker motivation
Motivating middle school learners : reflective writing, self-efficacy, and self-regulated learning
Understanding the high-functioning alcoholic : breaking the cycle and finding hope
The importance given to the topic of Motivation has increased rapidly over the past centuries. The topic has been researched by an amount of researchers and has over time been adopted as an integral part of management procedures.   The main aims of this research are to find out what motivation means for the restaurant employees in Finnish Lapland. The author aims at finding out what motivates the restaurant employees in Finnish Lapland, and if the restaurant work force in Finnish Lapland is motivated at all. Furthermore the findings are compared to existing theory to see if similarities or differences to these can be found.  For the gathering of information for this research a questionnaire was designed. The questionnaires were distributed to approximately 40 restaurant companies in Finnish Lapland during the spring 2002. All restaurant employees were included in the study. Furthermore, the author was working in Lapland during the spring 2002, and thereby was able to collect further information by observation.  The research showed that restaurant employees in Finnish Lapland in first place are motivated by a good work atmosphere. As an opposite, a bad work atmosphere is the most de-motivating factor for the restaurant work force in Finnish Lapland. Furthermore, most of the employees feel that their supervisors motivate them. Main ways how managers motivate their employees are by communicating, encouraging and supporting them. Still, only less than one third of the employees included in the research plans to keep working in the restaurant industry for the rest of their life.
Armstrong's handbook of reward management practice : improving performance through reward
There has been increasing concern over middle-school students' standardized test scores and decreased engagement in learning activities. This is particularly true of "at-risk" students who often exhibit characteristics of learned helplessness. One factor may be that middle school students frequently do not understand what skills and knowledge they possess (academic self-efficacy) or how they learn (self-regulated learning strategy use). This study examined the effects of participation in a guided reflective writing program and gender on middle school students' academic self-efficacy beliefs and use of self-regulated learning strategies. Quantitative data were collected from an academic self-efficacy inventory administered as a pre- and posttest. Qualitative data were collected to examine students' awareness and use of self-regulated learning strategies. The data sources included the treatment group responses to writing prompts and interviews from selected students from both groups. Self-efficacy and self-regulated learning were examined for gender differences. This work is of interest to educators, counselors, administrators, psychologists,educational researchers, and parents.
Emotional obstacles of e-learning
Competence identification, assessment and development : case study: Merivaara Oy
The motivation challenge : the manager views on motivation and motivating
The reward management toolkit : a step-by-step guide to designing and delivering pay and benefits
Strengths coaching in 90 minutes
Human resource management in organisations : the theory and practice of high performance
Abstract.
Common characteristics and attributes of self-managed virtual teams
Music lessons : guide your child to play a musical instrument (and enjoy it!)
The concise adair on teambuilding and motivation
Leading outside the lines : how to mobilize the (in)formal organization, energize your team, and get better results
Profitable food service management  : thru worker motivation
Decide Better! for College
Every day we work hard to motivate ourselves. We spend much of our time trying to motivate the people working for us, with us and in business with us. In our personal lives we try to motivate our friends, partners and children. From the economic point of view, motivation is based on a very simple trade-off: we need and want things, and we work to get them. We're more likely to do something if we get money for it, and the more money we get, the more motivated we are. But what if our understanding of motivation and money is all wrong? In Payoff, Dan Ariely investigates the true nature of motivation and our partial blindness to the way it works. He digs to the root of money motivation, and explains how understanding it can help us to successfully approach different choices in our lives.
Deterrents and reinforcement : the psychology of insufficient reward
The manager's book of decencies : how small gestures build great companies
This book is designed to help supervisors and managers effectively communicate appreciation and encouragement to their employees, resulting in higher levels of job satisfaction, healthier relationships between managers and employees, and decreased cases of burnout.  It applies the love language concept to the workplace.
Rewards for motivating employees : comparative cases: Vantaa City Authority and Hertfordshire County Authority
Onboarding : how to get your new employees up to speed in half the time
The power of thanks : how social recognition empowers employees and creates a best place to work
Strategic reward and recognition : improving employee performance through non-monetary incentives
Organizations : a micro/macro approach
Soul Sisters : devotions for and from African American, Latina and Asian women
Business coaching & mentoring for dummies
Emerging perspectives on values in organizations
Client centered training : a trainer and coach's guide to motivating clients
Engaging the Disengaged addresses strategies and models of immersive teaching and learning that lead to successful schooling outcomes. The new Australian Curriculum emphasises the importance of improved educational participation. This book will equip pre-service teachers with the tools and strategies they need to successfully implement these priorities. Drawing together a diverse range of experts, this book offers innovative ways of thinking about student engagement. Addressing education across early primary, middle and secondary school levels, it explores how differences in culture, sexuality and wealth can alienate students, and examines challenges faced by schools in rural, remote and high-poverty settings. It also offers new ideas for engaging students in subjects such as mathematics, physical education and the arts. Contemporary, real-life case studies help connect theory to practice. Each chapter also includes learning objectives, further reading suggestions and a reflective closure, as well as a set of strategies for invigorating disadvantaged students.
Instant motivation
Youth volunteers : how to recruit, train, motivate and reward young volunteers
Managing people : a practical guide for front-line managers
What to consider when coaching children in the age 7 to 17 : - a practical guidebook
Effective people management
Management of professionals
A kick in the attitude : an energizing approach to recharge your team, work, and life
Make change yourselves! : handbook for empowering young people in everyday life
The talent management handbook : creating a sustainable competitive advantage by selecting, developing, and promoting the best people
Internal corporate brand building in high technology environment : Study of service sector organisation
Leading your team : how to involve and inspire teams
Person-centred active support : a handbook
Positive persuasion : designing enjoyable energy feedback experiences in the home
Whale done! : the power of positive relationships
Brand vision : how to energize your team to drive business growth
How to recognize & reward employees : 150 ways to inspire peak performance
"From Michael Armstrong, HR expert and best-selling author, comes this new edition of the business staple, How to Manage People. Providing valuable insight into the functions and skills required to be an effective manager - from how to manage teams to successful recruitment - it will help you get the best from your staff through motivation, reward and leadership. With three brand new chapters on managing virtual teams, enhancing employee engagement and managing conflict, it is full of easily applicable advice as well as practical tools and checklists. Essential reading for anyone who wants to get the best from their teams, How to Manage People distills the essence of good management into one handy book. With over one million copies sold, the hugely popular Creating Success series covers a wide variety of topic, with the latest editions including new chapters such as Tough Conversations and Treating People Right. This indispensable business skills collection is suited to a variety of roles, from someone looking to develop their time management skills for a society committee role, to someone with a business idea looking to build a strategic plan"--
Motivation of Crowds' Online Participation in Crowdsourcing Community : A case of XIAOMI MIUI
The complete idiot's guide to motivating people
Leadership and motivation : the fifty-fifty rule and the eight key principles of motivating others
Human resource management in Europe : text and cases
Business Coaching & Mentoring For Dummies explores effective coaching strategies that guide you in coaching and mentoring your colleagues. With insight into key coaching concepts and an impressive range of tools, this easy-to-use resource helps you transform your team--and yourself in the process! Written from the perspective of a business coach, this comprehensive book explores the practical coaching skill set, tools, and techniques that will help you along your way, and explains how to identify who to coach, what to coach, how to coach, and when to coach. Whether you have experience in a coaching and mentoring role or you're new to the coaching game, this is a valuable must-have resource.
The life coach workbook
Multipliers : how the best leaders make everyone smarter
Physical fitness and its testing in adults with intellectual disability
Strategic reward : making it happen : how organizations add value through reward
Motivating and rewarding experts : a survey based study on public service motivation, reward value and preference
