http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4732 fashion
fashion
What people wore : a visual history of dress from ancient times to twentieth-century America
Fashion, media, promotion : the new black magic
Fall fashions
Capture Your Style : Transform Your Instagram Images, Showcase Your Life, and Build the Ultimate Platform
Fashion is freedom : how a girl from Tehran broke the rules to change her world
View on colour : the colour forecasting book
The fundamentals of creative photography
To touch the stars
International fashion franchise in Finland
"Fashion Game Changers traces radical innovations in Western fashion design from the beginning of the 20th century to the present. Challenging the traditional silhouettes of their day, fashion designers such as Madeleine Vionnet and Cristóbal Balenciaga began to liberate the female body from the close-fitting hourglass forms which dominated European and American fashion, instead enveloping bodies in more autonomous garments which often took inspiration from beyond the West. As the century progressed, new generations of avant-garde designers from Rei Kawakubo to Martin Margiela further developed the ideas instigated by their predecessors to defy established notions of femininity in dress, creating space between body and garment. This way, a new relationship between body and dress emerged for the 21st century. With over 200 color images and commentaries from an international range of leading fashion curators and historians, this beautifully illustrated book showcases some of the most revolutionary silhouettes and innovative designs of over 100 years of fashion."--
Fashions of a decade the 1950s
Tapahtuman visuaalinen ilme : Case: KouVogue - Fashion in Concert
The story of fashion. Vol. 3, The age of dissent
Pregnancy chic : the fashion survival guide
Eco-fashion, a trend or commercially sustainable future?
Your future in the fashion world
Princess jellyfish. 3
"International supermodel Cindy Crawford chronicles her life and career, sharing stories and lessons learned, and featuring her most memorable images. Cindy Crawford was the cornerstone of the golden age of the supermodel in the 1990s. She blazed a trail during that decade, seamlessly moving between the runway to unconventional outlets, such as cutting-edge MTV, Super Bowl commercials, and even Playboy magazine. On the eve of her fiftieth birthday, Crawford looks back, photo shoot by photo shoot, on a remarkable career and various life lessons she absorbed. She discusses her earliest modeling years and learning how to become less self-conscious in front of a camera; trusting her own instincts about creating positive messages about a healthy and strong body image that she knew would reach women of all ages; her feelings about becoming a wife and a mother; and her thoughts about turning fifty and what she would tell her younger self if she had the chance. The photographs span her entire career, beginning from the mid 1980s, and feature unpublished images from Crawford's personal archive in addition to images by every top name in fashion photography, including Annie Leibovitz, Arthur Elgort, Helmut Newton, Herb Ritts, Irving Penn, Patrick Demarchelier, and Richard Avedon, among others"--Publisher's description.
Dress of the year
Paris by Ladurée : chic city guides
Fashion blogs : a part of companies' marketing communication strategies?
"The New York Times bestselling author of Lessons from Madame Chic and At Home with Madame Chic revives the timeless quality of poise and shows how to cultivate it as a daily practice and a life-long endeavor. Just step out your door today and you will notice that poise is a rarity in our wired, fast-paced, and unmannerly world. As uncivil behaviors like flip-flops at Broadway shows and digital oversharing proliferate, this timely book reminds us of the quiet power of behaving with dignity, kindness, and grace. Jennifer Scott's Parisian mentor, Madame Chic, embodied poise, and not just with the good posture, stylish attire, and natural manners that made her extraordinarily elegant. She also demonstrated steady assuredness and graceful calm in everything she did--from interacting with her family and receiving guests at home to presenting herself in public. Jennifer L. Scott passes on the lessons she learned as well as some of her own hard-won wisdom, addressing topics such as proper attire at social events, good grooming, communication skills, hospitality and being a good guest, our interactions with neighbors and strangers, role models, self-discipline, and self-image. This charmingly illustrated, practical, and inspiring book, full of tips, lists, and ideas, is certain to start a new conversation about the timeless art of poise"--
Shoes
The emerging role of fashion tourism and the need for a development strategy in Lagos, Nigeria : case study: Lagos fashion and design week
Fashions of a decade the 1960s
Golden kicks : the shoes that changed sport
Free stylin' : how Hip Hop Changed the Fashion Industry
Brand names and perceived value
Grace & style : the art of pretending you have it
The curated closet : discover your personal style and build your dream wardrobe
Empress of fashion : a life of Diana Vreeland
The stylist
Creation of a framework for internet marketing strategies for Germany and Finland   : Case: Fashionlabel Meshcute
Who's who : in contemporary fashion 2008
Hats in Vogue : since 1910
Fashion : the changing shape of fashion through the years
New York : through a fashion eye
Fashions of The Times
The worst fashion trends in the world
Mode drawing : [face and head]
How to be a bad bitch
Sustainable fashion : new approaches
Marketing today's fashion
Advertising In Fashion Blogs
THE CLOTHES WE WORE : A HISTORY OF CLOTHING : AN ENTHRALLIUNG PARADE OF FASHION THROUGH THE YEARS
Fashion brands : branding style from Armani to Zara
Doing fashion : bricolage, mess, and multiplicity
finnfashion
20th century fashion
Costume through the ages
Corsets and codpieces : a social history of outrageous fashion
Abstract: Luxury fashion brand influence on student purchase behavior. Fashion is a billion-dollar industry employing millions of people around the world. Due to the democratization of that volatile industry coupled with the economic recession, luxury fashion  brands have struggle to hold their ground against the rise of high street brands like Zara, H&M  and the flood of knockoffs worldwide.  Good looking, well-dressed and rich young like Mark Zuckenburg, Cristiano Ronaldo, etc. add  to the pressure put on young consumers about their appearance by the media. The objective of this thesis was to investigate the influence of luxury fashion brands on young  consumer's, namely young students, purchase behaviour. The investigation was also designed  to elucidate the factors that help the luxury fashion remain profitable despite the economic  downturn. Luxury fashion brands are assumed to have an influential impact on appearance  obsessed millennium youngsters and students who purchase luxury goods for many reasons,  which have been emphasized in this thesis. Qualitative and quantitative research methods were used for this thesis. A critical review of existing brand and fashion-related literature, brand-related studies and research articles and an  analysis on the topics with emphasis on luxury fashion brands and consumer buying behaviour  constitute the source of secondary data for this thesis. An online survey targeting young  students constitutes the source of primary data. Luxury fashion with a stress on clothing and  accessories would be the case in order to narrow the study scope. The original research area  planned for this study was too wide and complex, however, the thesis was still able to identify  key factors that might determine the influence of brand selection on young consumer's  (specifically that of students) buying decisions. The research also enables the unfolding of brand loyalty in terms of being either emotional (unconscious) or attitudinal (conscious).
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
80s fashion : from club to catwalk
Becoming
Wedding flowers & accessories. 2015 : May/June
Szuka i projektowanie : Wydział Tkaniny i Ubioru : Akademia Sztuk Pięknych im. Wł. Strzemińskiego w Łodzi = Art and design : Faculty of Textile Art and Fashion Design : The Władysław Strzemiński Academy of Fine Arts and Design in Łódź
Fashion : an interdisciplinary review
Language alternation and expert identity construction in fashion blog Dirty pretty things
HOW TO SUCCEED IN SHANGHAI, CHINA : Case company: Marimekko Oy
Your future in fashion design
Fashion marketing : an anthology of viewpoints and perspectives
Fashion/cinema
Luxury and Premium Fashion Brands Online Marketing : Case Study Kiosked Limited
Making fashion and textile publicity work
Business plan for a fashion brand : case: MW Oy
Men's fashion illustrations
Vanity fair : e-lehti
Style tribes : the fashion of subcultures
Marketing Finnish design in Japan
Chanel : an intimate life
Fashion images de mode No 2
Effects of the e-commerce on fashion luxury industries : the case of Brunello Cucinelli S.p.A
The fashion book
In trend
Fashion game changers : reinventing the 20th-century silhouette
Brides. 2015 : July/August
So you want to work in the fashion business? : a practical look at apparel product development and global manufacturing
Fashion designer's handbook for Adobe Illustrator
Luxury fashion brand influence on student purchase behavior
Men in style : the golden age of fashion from Esquire
German Fashion Design (1946-2012)
Fashion
Wallpaper : design, interiors, fashion, art, lifestyle
New style boutique : Nintendo 3DS
The story of emoji
Orientalism : visions of the East in Western dress
Critical studies in fashion and beauty / Vol. 1
Finnish Gothic subculture : Gothic subculture is: "(...) to enjoy the beauty of the moonlight instead of the beauty of the sun" (Mia)
Fashion 1986 : the must-have book for fashion insiders
The 1950s
Sustainable design strategies: Examination of aesthetics and function in zero waste and upcycling
A visual history of costume : the nineteenth century
Masters of fashion
Visionaire's fashion 2001 : designers of the new avant-garde
Fashion 2001 landed : = Mode 2001 geland. 1
THE ROLE OF ENVY IN CUSTOMER PURCHASING CHOICE WITH A FOCUS ON FASHION INDUSTRY
LUXURY FASHION BRAND INFLUENCE ON STUDENT PURCHASE BEHAVIOR
Customer Satisfaction in the retail market
Rudi Gernreich : fashion will go out of fashion
Fashion, print & colouring book
Now : fashion trade magazine
Polish your poise with Madame Chic : lessons in everyday elegance
Fashion theory : the journal of dress, body & culture
A pictorial history of costume : a survey of costume of all periods and peoples froma antiquity to modern times including national costume in Europe and Non-European countries
Fashion marketing
Fashions of a decade the 1990s
Insider's guide to steampunk fashion
Fashioning history : current practices and principles
East End fashionistas
Fashion writing : the Penguin book of twentieth-century
Brides. 2015 : April/May
Recycled chic
Differences in images and attitudes created by fashion branding between Spain and Finland : Case study: Zara
Me and My Hair : A Social History
Summary.
Eco-effective fashion theory : how to implement the Cradle to Cradle® concept into fashion and clothing design?: the designer's professional, economic, social and enviromental role
Fashions of a decade the 1980s
Designer's guide : a view on the fashion trends
Handbags : the ultimate accessory
Branding and Visual Identity. Case: Kikerigu
Mode 1938 : fashion designs : decorative illustrations
The vintage fashion bible : the style guide to vintage looks 1920s-1990s
A history of costume in the west
Snapped
Stitches in time : the story of the clothes we wear
Fashion design : process, innovation and practice
Vanity fair (USA) : Helsinki
Fashion, the ultimate history of costume : from prehistory to the present day
Slow fashion : aesthetics meets ethics
Costume in detail : women's dress 1730-1930
1001 - a collection and a questionnaire for Minimarket AB Stockholm
50 women's fashion icons that changed the world
The blonde salad
Style for men overseas
5os popular fashions
Inari, the aggressive vixen of redevelopment, ramps up her efforts to buy out Amaizu-kan, where Tsukimi and her friends live. But Kuranosuke has a fabulous plan of attack-- turn Tsukimi's jellyfish designs into a reality! Will becoming fashion designers be more than Amars can handle? Meanwhile, Shu's interest in Tsukimi drives Kuranosuke to confront some feelings he's never dealt with before."
Abstract: This study will provide a framework for analysing the current advertising and marketing patterns in women's consumer behaviour in Finland. Swedish clothing retailer Hennes&Mauritz (H&M) was chosen as a case study since it is considered to be well-known in Finland; in 2010 average sales were astonishingly around 243million euros (H&M 2012). As this research is considered to be a broad topic, this study will focus on women in Finland aged 16-35 and above. This study will use various research methods such as case study, interview and a survey to analyse the dissertation topic. The researcher is confident that using these methods, the study will successfully contribute to the current literature on.
The fashion year
The pictorial encyclopedia of fashion
Red : Espoo
Designer's guide to fashion apparel
How fashion works : couture, ready-to-wear and mass production
Society on Vogue : the international set between the wars
Who's who : in contemporary fashion 2008/2009
Arctic wears : perspectives on arctic clothing
Patternmaking for menswear
Gods and kings : the rise and fall of Alexander McQueen and John Galliano
Techno textiles 2
Sustainable fashion and textiles : design journeys
Estonian Apparel Retail Market: Positioning the Brand Madonna
Advanced style : older & wiser
Slow Fashion offers creatives, entrepreneurs, and ethical consumers alike a glimpse into the innovative world of the eco-concept store movement, sustainable design, and business that puts people, livelihoods and sustainability central to everything they do. Safia Minney argues that the future of brick and mortar retail is in the best in fair trade, sustainable, and organic products, together with vintage, second hand, and local produce. Restorative economics, the well-being of our planet, and our bodies and minds can be inspired by this growing sector, one that is shaping big business. This book curates pioneering people and projects that will inspire you to be part of the change.
In Vogue : six decades of fashion
A dedicated follower of fashion
Art of Fashion Illustration : learn the techniques and inspiration of today's leading fashion artists
Assessing the influence of fashion clothing advertising on women's consumer behaviour in Finland : a case study of H&M
Fashion practice : the journal of design, creative process & the fashion industry
Consumers’ purchasing behaviour and perceived product quality in sustainable clothing
Business Plan for a New Online Clothing Store
Social networks and networking facilitating internationalization : Experiences of two Finnish fashion companies
Emergence of luxury prêt-à-porter in Finland in the 1950s
How to be chap : the surprisingly sophisticated habits, drinks and clothes of the modern gentleman
My secret book of fashion
Fashion : a very short introduction
The emergence of luxury : a multidisciplinary approach to hidden values and pleasure factors in new design products in different societal communities
Four hundred years of fashion
20,000 years of fashion
THE ART OF COSTUME IN RUSSIA
Teach yourself visually fashion sewing
Self.styled : dare to be different
Shopped : a true story of secret shopping and self-discovery
Material vision into fashion : design, branding and innovation in the process of setting up a fashion label, case luxaa
Making Victorian costumes for women
Fashion images de mode No 6
Strategic Brand Management: Building a Brand   : Case Studio Tendance
Street style memory game III
Get a life! : the diaries of Vivienne Westwood 2010-2016
Less but better : towards sustainability in the fashion
Fashion design illustration : women
Assessing the Influence of Fashion Clothing Advertising on Women's Consumer Behaviour in Finland; a case study of H&M
50 men's fashion icons that changed the world
Entering Chinese market for Finnish fashion jewellery company : case: Ninja Finland Oy
