http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4734 motivation (mental objects)
motivation (mental objects)
The Stoy Hayward guide to effective staff incentives
Abstract: This study explores the conditions of good work in IT consultancy business. The objectives of the study are to find the attributes that employees consider important for good work in an IT consultancy business, and to examine the present conditions in the case company for the good work as well as how the likelihood for good work could be improved.    The concept of good work is used as a framework for this study and supported by the model for engagement and the factors affecting it. The model is built on the theory of motivation and the experience of flow as seen from the individual's perspective as well as the theory of positive deviance and transformational leadership, as seen from the organization's socio cultural point of view. In the literature review, quite many topics studied were found to be overlapping and linked to different theories. As a result, the attributes from the theoretical framework were grouped under six headings of empowerment, meaningfulness, relatedness, communication, rewards & recognition and leadership.    This research is a qualitative type of research with the data coming from two main sources. The first source is the survey questionnaire based on the literature review, which was responded by 64 people representing the population both from the product development and IT consulting employees in the case company. The second source is the interview and open discussion with eight employees in the case company.    In order to answer the research question, the results were compiled from the question-naires and interviews and analyzed against the theoretical framework to understand what people see as the characteristics for each of six headings and to what extent the conditions for good work are met in case organization. Additionally the implications were discussed and recommendations were prepared for the management and employees that could enhance the opportunities for doing the good work in the case company meeting the standards for excellence and ethics and at the same time leading to a feeling of well being in employees. The recommendations are subsequently validated in the case organization by the reference group formed by the researcher.
Intrinsic motivation in Finnish non-governmental development organizations : comparing the motivators of employees and volunteers
Competence identification, assessment and development : case study: Merivaara Oy
Motivation and religion
Motivation and dynamic structure
Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to psychology
Motivations and domain specificity in intercultural adaptation : bloggers' experiences in their new host countries
Scheme theory : a conceptual framework for cognitive-motivational processes
Story sequence analysis : a new method of measuring motivation and predicting achievement
Eight myths of student disengagement : creating classrooms of deep learning
Motivating students in information literacy classes
Advances in motivation and achievement : a research annual. Vol. 3, The development of achievement motivation
Motivation : theory and research
Innovation and Related Activities in Finnish Companies
Motivation : a systematic reinterpretation
The cognitive control of motivation : The consequences of choice a. dissonance
Finnish comprehensive school pupils' language disposition : language shower as a means of diversifying language choices
Motivational strategies used by principals in the management of schools : the case of some selected secondary schools in the Fako Division of the Southwest Region of Cameroon
Suggestions on how to Improve Employee Motivation in Chinese Small and Medium-Sized Private Enterprises. Case Company: X Glassware Factory.
Motivational science. social and personality perspectives
Finnish report card 2014 on physical activity for children and youth
ENHANCING JOB MOTIVATION TO IMPROVE EMPLOYEE PERFORMANCE. Case Study Company X.
Exploring 'Good Work' in IT consultancy business
Managerial and technical motivation : assessing needs for achievement, power and affiliation
Utilising student profiles in mathematics course arrangements
Now in its 16th edition, Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to Psychology has been fully revised and updated to reflect all recent research developments, theories and ideas, whilst also retaining all of the qualities which have established it as a leading undergraduate psychology textbook over the past five decades, including its highly accessible and engaging student-centred approach. The established author team of Susan Nolen-Hoeksema, Barbara Fredrickson and Geoffrey R. Loftus has been joined by Christel Lutz (University of Utrecht), who has helped to add a fresh European influence, and thereby create a truly international introductory textbook. The 'Cutting Edge Research' box features and 'Seeing Both Sides' essays which conclude each chapter have been fully updated and replaced throughout, using contributions from a range of experts across the globe, and really help to bring the text to life for students.
Achievement motivation : recent trends in theory and research
Entrepreneurs with no business education building companies: how do they succeed? : can anyone be an entrepreneur?
Managing a New Generation Marketing Agency
Psychology of motivation
Motivational dialogue : preparing addiction professionals for motivational interviewing practice
The impact of change on employees' motivation
Adults learning Finnish as a foreign language : role of support, emotions and reasons connected with learning
On "good" academic work : practicing respect at close range
Residential tourism in Northern Cyprus. Motivation factors of tourists towards NC.
Autonomy support, basic needs satisfaction, motivation regulation, and well-being among elite level ballet dancers in Russian speaking countries
The psychology of learning and motivation : advances in research and theory. 46
Handbook of competence and motivation
Developing a Sport Event : Case: Sport U20 Ice Hockey Team
Cutting edge : using the media to enrich the teaching of oral skills
Cognitive views of human motivation
Motivational interviewing to increase physical activity in overweight and obese individuals : a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials
Why we do what we do : understanding self-motivation
Stressful, important and rewarding : How higher education students experience learning in different environments
Software end-users' motivation structure : market leading photo management and editing software
Truth and beauty : aesthetics and motivations in science
How to be a home economics teacher
"Burchard reveals that the main motive of humankind is the pursuit of greater Personal Freedom. We desire the grand liberties of choice--time freedom, emotional freedom, social freedom, financial freedom, spiritual freedom. Only two enemies stand in our way: an external enemy, defined as the social oppression of who we are by the mediocre masses, and an internal enemy, a sort of self-oppression caused by our own doubt and fear. The march to Personal Freedom, Burchard argues, can be won only by declaring our intent and independence, stepping into our personal power, and battling through self-doubt and the distractions of the day until full victory is won"--
Motivation : psychological principles and educational implications
Effect of short-term guided aerobic exercise and diet intervention on overweight women
An attributional theory of motivation and emotion
The feedback in the participation of adults in a professional development distance education program
Behavioural regulation, mental toughness, and achievement goals : a cross-cultural comparison between Singaporean and Finnish youth athletes
Handbook of motivational counseling : goal-based approaches to assessment and intervention with addiction and other problems
The leadership experience
Employee Motivation at IKEA Espoo
Achieving growth by attracting customers for Nordea Hämeenkyrö-Kyröskoski
Theories of motivation : a comparative study of modern theories of motivation
Motivation, learning and performance
Motivational antecedents of physical activity in Finnish youth
The secret to success
English teachers' experiences of writing tasks
Prediction of enjoyment in school physical education
Task values and future expectations of Finnish adolescent athletes : a person-oriented approach
The influence of external, rewards and performance feedback on dynamic aspects of task motivation
Attention and arousal : cognition and performance
Another such victory and we are lost : adult attachment and motivational goal fulfilment
Individuals' interest in preventing everyday accidents and crises : a Swedish explorative study of the importance of motivation
Job satisfaction at Company Teija Jousi Viikarit
Differences in Customers’ Purchase Decision Motivations between Early and Late Bookings of a Package Holiday
Behavior and psychological man : essays in motivation and learning
Human motivation : a guide to information sources
Motives, personality, and society : selected papers
Permanence and change : an anatomy of purpose
Finnish high school students and possible L2 selves
Case Forssan Suvi-ilta : cohesion as a key element in building a voluntary sport event organization
Achievement motivation in perspective
Job Satisfaction and Efficiency Among Hotel Workers : A Case Study Giant Star Hotel Nigeria
Working papers in the theory of action
Motivating factors and incentives in the branches of Bank X in Southern Finland
Event related brain potential (ERP) correlates of activation and effort in state regulation among children with attentional problems
The decade ahead : applications and contexts of motivation and achievement
Influence of voluntary work intervention on the mood status of older volunteers
Smarter faster better : the secrets of productivity in life and business
To sell is human : the surprising truth about moving others
The roles of linguistic confidence and integrative motivation on cross-cultural adaptation of Asian degree students Finland
The concept of motivation
How to Reduce Attrition in Company X?
Motivation : theory, research and applications
Why is cohesion important?
A phenomenological research of the motivational factors of kendo practitioners in Serbia
Farmer perspectives on the usefulness of technologies introduced by on-farm research : the case of the TARP II-SUA programme
Employees' motivation in Falck Security Oy in Finland
Motivation and work behavior
What if this is heaven? : how our cultural myths prevent us from experiencing heaven on earth
Readings for introductory psychology
Lifelong learning and the English language : the significance of studying English voluntarily at adult age
Associations of early adolescents' reading difficulties with their reading-related task values, competence beliefs and achievement emotions
Reciprocity and wage undercutting
Fundamental movement skills, physical activity, and motivation toward Finnish school physical education : a fundamental movement skills intervention
Mastering personal and interpersonal skills : key techniques for effective decision-making and personal success
Adolescents' perceptions of school and reasons for learning
Culture, motivation and achievement
The achievement motive
Utilizing extrinsic and intrinsic motivation and rewards to enhance organizational creativity
Demotivation to learn English among university students in Finland
The art of winning commitment : 10 ways leaders can engage minds, hearts, and spirits
Sports as a motivation to study English : young athletes and the L2 motivational self system
Motivation : biosocial approaches
The Role of Motivation in a Successful Internship
All good at Hacklin Logistics? : Personnel Survey Study
How location-based social network applications are being used
Employee Motivation at Tommy Bartlett, Inc.
Corporate social responsibility in micro and small companies in southwest Finland : involvement, contribution and benefits
MPs as slack maximizers. Do MPs hide in the crowd?
Relations between teacher-child interactions and children's learning and motivation in Finnish kindergartens
Motivation training in perspective : some theoretical and practical issues
CouchSurfers' motivations to host travelers in Spain
Entropic changes in work process
Perceiving the causes of success and failure
Demotivation in learning English among immigrant pupils in the ninth grade of comprehensive school
Exploring Teachers' Motivation for Teaching and Professional Development in Ethiopia : Voices from the Field
Tourist Motivation and Information Search Behaviour
Case: Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma
To want to learn : insights and provocations for engaged learning
Creativity in context
Finnish upper secondary school students' views of foreign languages : motivation, attitudes and beliefs
Self-assessment : a motivating tool for achieving better language skills
Motives in fantasy, action, and society
Individual motivation, its nature, determinants and consequences for within group behaviour
The use of video in foreign language teaching : a study of teachers' practices and attitudes
Abstract: The goal of this thesis was to determine the state of resources effecting into customer service quality. In this thesis was focused on competence of the staff, job tasks, work motivation, work satisfaction, atmosphere and leadership. Information gathering was conducted by a survey, which was sent in an email to all of the employees, 20 in total.  Hacklin Logistics is an international company and therefore not all of the employees speak Finnish. The survey was carried out during October 2016 and was made in English. The response rate was fairly good as it was 65 %, so 11 out of 20 employees answered. The survey was a structured survey with readymade answer possibilities. The respondents were also given a chance to answer into a few open ended questions.  The theoretical part entails information about competence, organizational culture and atmosphere, motivation and leadership. To help gather the information was used many different sources; literature, internet and former case studies. From these sources, the author has looked up information regarding all the objectives of this thesis. The topic was rather wide, so it had to be narrowed down to avoid going off point. The author gathered the empirical data with the survey described above. The response rate was 65 % so 11 respondents out of 20.  In the later part of the thesis one can find the survey results and conclusion. After these the author has given some suggestions on how the case company would be able to improve their employee's motivation level, and wellbeing at the office. The overall answers received from the survey were good. Both, good aspects and aspects that need more attention were taken into consideration in this thesis. The results are relatively reliable. There are some aspects that might lower the reliability of the answers. Recommendation for further research was to re-do the survey after some time has passed in order to get information which is comparable with this study. The survey could also be altered so, that it could be held for customers and partner companies.
Teaching responsibility to enable cooperative learning in PE
Second language demotivation : factors that discourage pupils from learning the English language
Can the Internet serve as a useful tool in learning English? : a case study
Social contagion of autonomous motivation among professional educators : as a resource of leadership in schools
Principal's role in building trust with teachers for a better school climate in Chinese schools : a case study of a high school in Sichuan, China
The importance of pupils' interests and out-of-school experiences in planning biology lessons
Me and my English : a material package promoting self-assessment in the primary school
This paper offers a portrayal of how affective computing and persuasive technologies can converge into an effective tool for interfacing biomedical engineering with behavioral sciences and medicine. We describe the characteristics, features, applications, present state of the art, perspectives, and trends of both streams of research. In particular, these streams are analyzed in light of the potential contribution of their convergence for improving computer-mediated health-care systems, by facilitating the modification of patients' attitudes and behaviors, such as engagement and compliance. We propose a framework for future research in this emerging area, highlighting how key constructs and intervening variables should be considered. Some specific implications and challenges posed by the convergence of these two technologies in health care, such as paradigm change, multimodality, patients' attitude improvement, and cost reduction, are also briefly addressed and discussed.
Organization change : creating new business line merging two corporation’s units into one
On social organization and social personality : selected papers
The Motivation of The Chinese Tourists Buying Luxury Goods in Europe
Motivations to travel as a backpacker : Case: Australia
The psychobiology of human motivation
Compensation management and Employees’ Performance in Public Sector, Nigeria
Development of a sensation-seeking scale for preadolescent children
The study of online hospitality exchange : The case of couch surfing network
Popular Golf Holiday Destinations among Finnish Golfers: Where and Why?
Positive and Negative Effects of Friendship at the Workplace
INITIATING CULTURE OF LEADERSHIP IN A LOGISTICS COMPANY
Mastery motivation in early childhood : development, measurement and social processes
The cognitive control of motivation : the consequences of choice and dissonance
Following her near-death experience as shared in the New York Times bestseller Dying to Be Me, Anita Moorjani knows well the truths that exist beyond common knowledge and acceptance. The clarity she has gained has led her to further understand who she was born to be.  Part of that truth has involved contemplating the cultural myths infused into our everyday lives. Passed down from generation to generation, these myths are pervasive and influential. From the belief we reap what we sow to the idea we must always be positive, cultural myths are often accepted as truths without questioning. Moorjani asserts it is now time for questioning in order to help us reach our fully informed, authentic selves.  Moorjani explores these common myths in their real-world existence while presenting examples from her own life that reveal the falsehoods beneath the surface. By freeing ourselves from these ubiquitous expectations, we can break open an honest pathway to life as it was meant to be lived.
The anatomy of achievement motivation
Motivation to learn : from theory to practice
Motivational strategies as perceived and implemented by future L2 teachers : a comparison of two groups of Finnish university students
Finnish travelers' travel motivation : case: Canary Islands
Incentives Usage as a Motivational Tool : Case: The Nigerian Banking Sector
Perceived motivational climate, need satisfaction, motivational regulation, and well-being in elite hurlers
Motivation : selected readings
Light their fire : using internal marketing to ignite employee performance and wow your customers
Decreasing drop-outs and promoting motivation and interest in optional foreign language studies
Exploring the psychology of interest
Human motivation and emotion
Psychological theories of motivation
Perceptions of sport injuries of young elite swimmers
Motivation as related to personality
Job satisfaction among secondary school teachers in Tanzania : the case of Njombe district
Business in action
The confidence game : why we fall for it ... every time
Integration of newly arrived immigrant pupils into schools : focus ethnography on 'preparation for basic education' in Finland
Motivation and commitment of business students in their summer jobs
Research on motivation in education. Vol. 1, Student motivation
Tourist Perceptions and Motivations as Inspiration for Destination Marketing
Theories of motivation; from mechanism to cognition
Exploring motivational states in an international sample of competitive springboard and platform divers
Motivation of Knowledge Workers in Chinese Small and Medium-sized High-tech Enterprises
Behavior regulations and motives to participate in physical activity of Finnish team sports athletes
Participation in dance training in Finland : a study of motives and behavior regulation
Cross-cultural analysis of teacher confirmation, student motivation, classroom emotion and emotional interest in China, Korea and Japan
Case study : the impact of financial and non-financial rewards on employee motivation
Nebraska symposium on motivation 1981 : response structure and organization
Self-esteem, anxiety and motivation - the effect of psychological factors on sport performance
On the Convergence of Affective and Persuasive Technologies in Computer-Mediated Health-Care Systems
Practical methods of user involvement in the service innovation process based on user motivation : conducted in conjunction with the FUAS "Virtual Campus" E-learning project
Image vs. Reality in a Receptionist's Job
Nebraska Symposium on Motivation 1971
Innovativeness and innovations utilizations : Oy LM Ericsson Ab
Handbook of motivation science
ICT in education : EFL teacher trainees' views of the affordances of ICT use in education and the need for ICT training in teacher education programmes in Finnish universities
Imagery ability and imagery use in individual and team sports
The psychology of learning and motivation : advances in research and theory. 14
The basic psychological needs in physical education scale in Filipino
The motivation manifesto : 9 declarations to claim your personal power
Motivation factors enabling positive deviance at workplace
Motivation from within : approaches for encouraging faculty and students to excel
Achievement and motivation : a social-developmental perspective
Growing older : tourism and leisure behaviour of older adults
Perceived autonomy support, basic needs satisfaction, motivation regulation and well-being : verification of self-determination theory in dancers in Finland
Teachers’ Motivation to Participate in Online Communities – Case: Massidea.org
Nebraska Symposium on Motivation 1978 : Human motivation
Engagement of employees to internal service development : Case: Development of the contract management tool
Management and motivation : selected readings
Willpower : the owner̕ s manual : 12 tools for doing the right thing
IMPROVING INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS DEGREE STUDENTS’ TUTOR SERVICE SYSTEM IN KYUAS
Engaged : unleashing your organization's potential through employee engagement
Entrepreneurial motivation factors: : A case study of students at the Universities of Applied Sciences in the Helsinki Metropolitan region with respect to place of origin
Psychological dynamics of sport
The impact of student teaching experience on determination to remain in teaching as a future career : a study among student teachers in Thailand
Adaption and validation of the German version of the basic psychological needs in physical education scale
Human motivation
Cognitive and attributional strategies of American and Finnish young adults
Motivate and reward : performance appraisal and incentive systems for business success
Motivation : theories and principles
Increasing student motivation : strategies for middle and high school teachers
The strategy of desire
The subtle art of not giving a f*ck : A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life
Best practice in motivation and management in the classroom
Human motivation : commentary on goal-directed action
Modelling the influence of automaticity of behaviour on physical activity motivation, intention and actual behaviour
This explorative study presents an empirical examination of the connection between motivation and the measures individuals take to prevent everyday accidents and prepare for crises. Positional factors (age and gender) and situational factors (education, size of locality, and household composition) are included because the literature highlights their importance. The study used data gathered in a 2010/2011 poll of randomly selected Swedish residents aged 16-75 (N = 2000; 44.8% response rate). A factor analysis reduced the theoretical model for situational motivation (Guay, Vallerand, & Blanchard, 2000) from four to two dimensions: motivation and amotivation. Subsequent regression analyses statistically confirmed the connection between motivation or amotivation and the extent to which individuals pursue preventative and preparedness measures, even when accounting for positional and situational factors. These findings underscore the need for continued studies of individuals' incentives to prevent accidents and prepare for crises and for the study of the nuances of (situational) motivation and preventive/preparedness measures.
Female entrepreneurship : some motivational and psychological aspects
Motivating children and young adults to read. 2
Intrinsic and extrinsic motivation : the search for optimal motivation and performance
Internet based exercise management system for worksite exercise and well-being intervention
Issues in education : view from the other side of the room
Teacher-child relationship and motivational orientation
Essentials of organizational behavior
