http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4737 rewarding
rewarding
Compensation plan as a strategy-based sales promotion tool in a medical technology company
The Four elements of succesful management
Successful management by motivation : balancing intrinsic and extrinsic incentives
Motivating employees for better performance at Mph Trading Oy
Rewards for motivating employees : comparative cases: Vantaa City Authority and Hertfordshire County Authority
CEO pay and shareholder value : helping the U.S. win the global economic war
Motivating humans : goals, emotions, and personal agency beliefs
Human resource management : the key concepts
Appraising your staff : a practical toolkit for managers
How to motivate people
How to recognize & reward employees : 150 ways to inspire peak performance
Strategic planning : a distance learning study programme : software manual
Human resource management in Asia
A handbook of human resource management practice
Managing human resources
Strategies for change : a distance learning study programme
Abstract.
Performance criteria and incentive systems
Reward strategy in Chinese insurance companies
Human resource management in organisations : the theory and practice of high performance
Essays on executive equity-based compensation and equity ownership
Psychological mechanisms explaining merit pay acceptance and effectiveness
Motivational management : inspiring your people for maximum performance
Creating a total rewards strategy : a toolkit for designing business-based plans
Strategic reward : how organizations add value through reward
This title presents a unique photographic record of all living Nobel laureates. In this handsome coffee-table book, photographer Peter Badge captures the likeness of every living Nobel laureate in a lasting black-and-white image - more than 300 striking portraits in all. Brief biographical sketches accompanying the large-scale photographs pay homage to each laureate's singular contribution to science, literature or world peace. Bringing readers face-to-face with Nelson Mandela, Jimmy Carter, the Dalai Lama, James Watson, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Toni Morrison, Rita Levi-Montalcini, Linda Buck, and Paul Samuelson among many others, "Nobels" offers an intimate and compelling look at well-known honorees as well as lesser-known recipients. A fascinating word/image tableau.
Skills of management
Deterrents and reinforcement : the psychology of insufficient reward
Internationalization - the people dimension : human resource strategies for global expansion
Managing for sales results : a fast-action guide to finding, coaching, and leading salespeople
HR for SMES : a practical guige
Practices of executive compensation : the case of economic recession
Headlines of daily newspapers announce that 90% of all German employees do not feel satisfied  at work. This statement contradicts with the increasing importance of innovative and motivated  people that are needed by modern companies. Technological modernization and automation lead  to global competition and growing challenges for all companies being part of the international  economic system. These developments hide the request for unique and personalized services that  have to be designed for demanding customers by employees being proactive problem-solvers.  Combining the corporate success with employee's satisfaction is seen as the modern challenge for  HR Managers during the 21st century and defines the focus of this thesis report.  The search for an answer firstly lead to the investigation of various theories on basic human  needs and demonstrated the development of corresponding motivational methods towards a  more intangible approach called intrinsic motivation. Nowadays employees demand different  rewards from work than 20 years ago. The growth of the service industry has been the release for  testing the need for a modernized motivational model at hotels belonging to that sector.  Aiming to examine the sustainable impact of intrinsic motivation, the empirical research tested  the current satisfaction level and rewarding preferences from staff members belonging to  different hierarchical levels of a 5-star luxury hotel. Consequently the openness of modern staff  for new motivational models was spotted and starting points for the method's implementation  could be identified. People stressed their tendency towards intangible motivators but never forgot  to mention financial security. Findings from empirical research also revealed the request for a  motivational model stimulating people's ability to realize their full potential and express their  personality by simultaneously benefiting the corporate success. This desire stresses career  supporting opportunities and support for cross-departmental communication.  Finally, the combination of literature review findings and empirical results formed the fundament  for creating innovative implications for future managers who try to benefit the company as well  as their staff members. The establishment of a model that revives people's passion for  performing a job and intends to direct people's attention towards intrinsic motivators  constituting one step towards a long-term motivation. On the basis of ensuring a fair salary the  new strategy tries to deflect people's focus on monetary reward by stressing personal growth  potential.
Instant dog training : the quick response programme
ENHANCING JOB MOTIVATION TO IMPROVE EMPLOYEE PERFORMANCE. Case Study Company X.
Don't shoot the dog! : the new art of teaching and training
Reward and benefit programs have been a topic in the hospitality industry for many, many years. However, in most cases, the topic has been dealt with from perspective hotel guest/- client. This thesis will concern itself with benefit and reward programs from the point of view of employees and employers. It will begin with a general overview and gradually go on to focus on the hospitality sector. The objectives of this research were to give an outlook of the current situation in the hospitality industry in the field of monetary rewards. Additional aims are contrasting the hospitality sector with a different industry and, introducing new ideas from other industries into the hospitality branch. Another long-term goal was to promote the practical application of some of the ideas and recommendations by hotels. The final and most important aim of this report was to demonstrate both the importance of these programs, especially in the hospitality sector and the results for both parties.     The research for this thesis was undertaken by the means of three methods:    Firstly, a literature review was undertaken. It was used to clarify the definitions of reward management and employee benefits. Furthermore, to demonstrate and give a deeper understanding of the different types of monetary rewards systems. It shed light on the different goals of monetary reward management and the pro and contra points of the different methods. Other aspects that were explored the variety of perspectives from which different individuals and companies viewed situations, as well as the impact these programs had on companies and employees.      Secondly, an investigation of the current situation - in mainly five star hotels confronted theory with real life situations - and revealed the impact of these programs on both sides. To this end, several HR directors were interviewed by means of a questionnaire.   Thirdly, a survey questioning HR directors about their reward and benefit programs showed the importance and necessity of these programs. The interviews as well as the questionnaires showed that many hotels have already started to implement monetary reward management into their benefit programs; however there is still much room for improvement and recommendations from other industries.
The Russian imperial award system during the reign of Nicholas II 1894-1917
Human resources in organisations
Compensation and benefit design : applying finance and accounting principles to global human resource management systems
A study to develop rewarding methods for case company X
Punished by rewards : the trouble with gold stars, incentive plans, A's, praise, and other bribes
Paying for performance : a guide to compensation management
Retention through rewarding : case study: Kai Malvela Tmi
Fundamentals of management : essential concepts and applications
Armstrong's essential human resource management practice : a guide to people management
Armstrong's handbook of reward management practice : improving performance through reward
A guide to non-cash reward
Employee rewards in Zhejiang, China : Case study: Ningbo Zhonghao Silk Dress Co., Ltd.
"Governments around the world can address many of society's biggest challenges such as the current economic crisis by becoming better at innovating. "The public innovator's playbook" report, published by Deloitte Research in the U.S. with the Harvard Kennedy School's Ash Institute for the Democratic Governance and Innovation, describes how governments have the opportunity to help improve the economic environment, create jobs, and more efficiently manage costs. According to the book, governments currently innovate. Moreover, some creative approaches in the private sector come from the public sector. However, few governments take an integrated view of the process or treat it as a discipline—which includes methodic processes, reward systems, and a mission linked to the process and organizational structure." --Publisher's description.
Strategic reward : making it happen
Expatriate compensation : a total reward perspective
Cases in reward management
Police medals of the world : a guide to most collected awards from around the globe
Rewarding and encouraging at Peterson Packaging Oy
Case study : the impact of financial and non-financial rewards on employee motivation
The essential sales management handbook : your secret weapon to success
Finnish abstract: Pikapalkitseminen motivointikeinona - Case ABB oy.
Employee Motivation and Performance
Effective people management
How to manage people
Creating the best place to work in Finland
Not just for the money : an economic theory of personal motivation
Employment relations : a critical and international approach
Strategic human resource management : a guide to action
Employees expectations of rewarding extra-task-related behaviours in hotel industry in Moscow region, Russia
Kurt Hahn : Inspirational, Visionary, Outdoor and Experiential Educator
Reward and decision making in corticobasal ganglia networks
Creating a model for identification and motivation of innovation champions
Well-researched and practical top level guidance on how to formulate the best strategy for incentives and recognition and how to implement such programmes effectively in both large and small organizations.
The culture of compensation : hypotheses on CEO compensation in Finland based on Hofstede's cultural dimensions
Overcoming student failure : changing motives and incentives for learning
Strategic reward : implementing more effective reward management
Strategic reward management : design, implementation, and evaluation
Managing motivation of people in fair trade -organizations
The objective of this thesis was to research the motivation of people involved in promoting Fair Trade in Austria through an Fair Trade Organization (FTO). Once this was achieved, suggestions for an optimal organizational incentive and reward system which keeps up people's enthusiasm, their willingness to engage in and - in the end - their performance could be made. The study was structured on the following questions: What kind of people engage in FTOs, which incentives are used in FTOs, what are the motivators for people working in FTOs and how should incentive systems in FTOs look like?    The introduction presents the current players in Austria's Fair Trade System - ARGE Welt-läden, EZA Fairer Handel GmbH and FAIRTRADE Austria and which role they presently take up. The theoretical framework was based on literate review of the most influential and recognized motivation theories, which attempt to explain peoples' behavior and thus built the fundament for designing measures to manage employees' effort. These measures cover incentives, rewards, organizational structures and more, which are described in the second part of the literature review.    The study was conducted in the form of an online questionnaire, which was distributed via the three presented organizations to their personnel and volunteers. The link to the questionnaire was online from the 28th of February until the 15th of March where 108 people responded. The analytical approach was quantitative with a minor qualitative part.
Rewards and intrinsic motivation : resolving the controversy
Economics : a distance learning study programme
Strategic reward : making it happen : how organizations add value through reward
The Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award insights from the Winner's Circle
100 ways to solve your dog's problems
"Reward Management is a practical guide to understanding and implementing really effective reward strategies in your organization. Tailored to the needs of practitioners it uses a combination of practical tools, scenarios and case studies to cover areas including pay grades and structure, job evaluation, pay reviews, bonus plans, non-cash reward, benefits, tax issues and much more. Aligning reward with the strategic objectives of the organization it will equip you with the skills you need to plan, implement and assess a reward strategy in any type of organization"--
Nobels : Nobel laureates
Authority and reward in organizations : an international research
Compensating new sales roles : how to design rewards that work in today's selling environment
Light their fire : using internal marketing to ignite employee performance and wow your customers
Children in their learning environments : theoretical perspectives
Utilizing extrinsic and intrinsic motivation and rewards to enhance organizational creativity
The public innovator's playbook : nurturing bold ideas in government
Managing people in a small business
Abstract: The dissertation shows through empirical data that organizations should pay more attention to what expatriates really value in their employment relationship rather than give them more money.
Connecting performance measurement to corporate strategy
Reward management : alternatives, consequences and contexts
Strategic compensation : a human resource management approach
The global future of higher education and the academic profession : the BRICs and the United States
Gameful approaches for computer science education : from gamification to alternate reality games
Work rules! : insights from inside Google that will transform how you live and lead
The reward management toolkit : a step-by-step guide to designing and delivering pay and benefits
Reward and incentive schemes
The definitive guide for practitioners involved in developing and managing reward and recognition strategies, policies and processes, and for students of employee reward.
Personnel management in the hotel & catering industry
Motivate and reward : performance appraisal and incentive systems for business success
The Global Future of Higher Education and the Academic Profession focuses on the all-important emerging BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India, and China) nations by analyzing the academic profession and particularly salaries and contracts. The professoriate is key to the success of any academic system, and this is the first book to carefully analyze academic systems and the academic profession. The academic profession must be adequately paid, and appointments to academic jobs must be based on merit and provide an effective career path for the 'best and brightest' to be attracted to the profession. The BRICs show a variety of approaches to academic careers-and none provide globally competitive salaries. China and Russia, in particular, pay academics poorly. Using purchasing power parity, this book is able to accurately compare the actual purchasing power of the academic profession. The book also analyzes how professors are appointed and promoted. While the BRICs may be emerging global economic powers, their academic systems still face significant challenges.
Human resource management in a global context : a critical approach
The importance of reward systems in the hotel industry for both side's employees and employers in Germany
The Compensation Systems of Developing German Organizations
Theorizing formal and informal feedback practices in management accounting through three dimensions
Performance management
Immaterial and material rewarding in motivating employees : observations in a public agency
A handbook of employee reward management and practice
Instant rewarding as motivational tool : Case ABB Ltd
Strategic reward and recognition : improving employee performance through non-monetary incentives
Equity based incentive programs and their use in the Finnish market
Developing a personnel rewarding system for xxxx Oy
Armstrong's handbook of reward management practice : an evidence-based guide to improving performance through reward
The reward plan advantage : a manager's guide to improving business performance through people
Essays on political corporate governance and governance reforms : consequences from sociological perspectives
Managing employee performance and reward : concepts, practices, strategies
Reward culture and practices in the IT sector : the experiences and expectations towards work and its' rewards in a Finnish IT service company
Rewards as extrinsic motivator for geosocial networking
A travel incentive program as a motivational tool in a supplier-reseller relationship
The impact of pay knowledge on organisational performance : investigating Finnish profit-sharing schemes
"From Michael Armstrong, HR expert and best-selling author, comes this new edition of the business staple, How to Manage People. Providing valuable insight into the functions and skills required to be an effective manager - from how to manage teams to successful recruitment - it will help you get the best from your staff through motivation, reward and leadership. With three brand new chapters on managing virtual teams, enhancing employee engagement and managing conflict, it is full of easily applicable advice as well as practical tools and checklists. Essential reading for anyone who wants to get the best from their teams, How to Manage People distills the essence of good management into one handy book. With over one million copies sold, the hugely popular Creating Success series covers a wide variety of topic, with the latest editions including new chapters such as Tough Conversations and Treating People Right. This indispensable business skills collection is suited to a variety of roles, from someone looking to develop their time management skills for a society committee role, to someone with a business idea looking to build a strategic plan"--
Motivating and rewarding experts : a survey based study on public service motivation, reward value and preference
The Social Insurance Institution of Finland : experiences with a performance bonus experiment in 2006
Intrinsic motivation as a sustainable motivational model at hotels : case study: Hotel Taschenbergpalais Kempinski Dresden
Maximum Performance Management : how to manage and compensate people to meet world competition
Facilitating customer involvement in collaborative online innovation communities
