http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4735 encouragement
encouragement
Cheerleader : ready? okay!
School discipline and self-discipline : a practical guide to promoting prosocial student behavior
Now, discover your strengths : how to develop your talents and those of the people you manage
Motivating humans : goals, emotions, and personal agency beliefs
Social recognition and employees organizational support : the impact of social recognition on organizational commitment, intent to stay, service effort, and service improvements in an Icelandic service setting
How to motivate people
The leadership challenge : how to make extraordinary things happen in organizations
Make it matter : how managers can motivate by creating meaning
Coaching cheerleading successfully
Foreign direct investments in the Czech Republic : controversial issues and differing views
Managing workplace negativity
Reaching the peak performance zone : how to motivate yourself and others to excel
Encouraging learning and development : how to apply the Investors in People (IIP) standard, part 2 : self-assessment work book : 25 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Companies don't succeed - people do! : ideas to create profits through people
Multipliers : how the best leaders make everyone smarter
The twin star book : a solution-focused approach to improving the psychosocial environment of the work place
The cheerleading book : includes cheers, charts and jumps!
Motivational management : inspiring your people for maximum performance
Creating a total rewards strategy : a toolkit for designing business-based plans
"Anyone who spends time with children knows that praise works. It is a powerful motivator - praising children for good behaviour or good work builds self- esteem and self-confidence. Children love to collect stickers, certificates and rewards - so what better way is there to shape behaviour, encourage good work habits and produce confident learners? Teachers and parents alike know that praise is effective - we use it every day and we see the positive effect that it has on our children. However, constructivist practitioners would argue that praise in any form creates hierarchies and competition in the classroom, has little effect on genuine learning and is invasively judgemental rather than supportive. Constructivists would further argue that self-esteem cannot be built by external agency - teachers and parents can only create an appropriate environment in which a robust sense of 'self' can grow and develop. This book challenges traditional, embedded thinking about the role of praise. It questions the assumptions we make about developing self-esteem, about the ability of children to form their own independent judgements and the choices that children make regardless, rather than because of, contingent praise. What happens when children are praised? Read this book, listen to what children really think and challenge your own assumptions. Features include:- - Case studies and children's work samples; - Points for reflection which could be used for CPD sessions; - Appendices containing behaviour policy samples; - Pupil, teacher and parental perspectives"-- Provided by publisher. - A David Fulton Book.
Performance-related : pay and gender wage differences
The excellent 11 : qualities teachers and parents use to motivate, inspire, and educate children
Go! fight! win! : cheerleading in American culture
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
Motivation
Business Coaching & Mentoring For Dummies explores effective coaching strategies that guide you in coaching and mentoring your colleagues. With insight into key coaching concepts and an impressive range of tools, this easy-to-use resource helps you transform your team--and yourself in the process! Written from the perspective of a business coach, this comprehensive book explores the practical coaching skill set, tools, and techniques that will help you along your way, and explains how to identify who to coach, what to coach, how to coach, and when to coach. Whether you have experience in a coaching and mentoring role or you're new to the coaching game, this is a valuable must-have resource.
Punished by rewards : the trouble with gold stars, incentive plans, A's, praise, and other bribes
This study investigates young children's views of successful learning situations in their classroom activities and factors that contribute to their achievement in those situations. It is investigated how self-regulated learning is supported in these situations and how children appraise support as part of their success.The study consists of three different data sets that are reported in three empirical articles. The first empirical study investigated resilience displayed by young children in dyadic task performance. The second empirical study investigated views and appraisals that primary school children give to their success in classroom learning activities and how self-regulated learning is supported in the classrooms. The third empirical study investigated how primary school children appraise the reasons for their peers' successes in learning situations. The data collection methods include video observations, stimulated recall interviews and photo elicitation interviews.The results of this dissertation indicated that success in learning activities results from individual and external factors. Among the individual assets that children bring to learning situations, the support that children receive from their teachers and peers were crucial for successful achievement. This study showed that, in general, the children's self-regulated learning was supported in the classroom, especially through the support from a teacher and non-threatening evaluation. Children described their success through concrete actions that they took in the situations, such as the ability to accomplish the particular tasks or doing academic activities in order to achieve the task. The methodological findings indicate that it is possible to develop child-centred participatory methods in learning research. Results of this study contribute to the discussion of how successful learning experiences andself-regulated learning can be supported in the first years of primary school.
Incentives Usage as a Motivational Tool : Case: The Nigerian Banking Sector
Business coaching & mentoring for dummies
The Stoy Hayward guide to effective staff incentives
Employee ownership funds as an incentive : functionality and effect on employees' commitment
Leading learning and development : self-assessment work book : 40 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : how to apply the Investors in People (IIP) standard
Encouragement works best : positive approaches to classroom management
Encouraging learning and development : how to apply the Investors in People (IIP) standard : self-assessment work book : 25 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples. Part 2
Motivating the "what's in it for me?" workforce : manage across the generational divide and increase profits
Leading learning and development : how to apply the Investors in People (IIP) standard, part 3 : self-assessment work book : 40 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Evaluating tax and benefit reforms in 1996-2001
The feedback book : 50 ways to motivate and improve the performance of your people
Sales force incentives : how to use them to increase sales
100 more great leadership ideas : from successful leaders and managers around the world
Managing radical business innovations : a study of internal corporate venturing at Sonera Corporation
The power of thanks : how social recognition empowers employees and creates a best place to work
An important part of every manager's job is changing people's behavior: to improve someone's performance, get them to better manage relationships with colleagues, or to stop them doing something. Yet, despite the fact that changing people's behavior is such an important skill for managers, too many are unsure how to actually go about it. This book reveals the simple, but powerful techniques for changing behavior that experts from a range of disciplines have been using for years, making them available to all managers in a single and comprehensive toolkit for change that managers can use to drive and improve the performance of their staff. Based on research conducted for this book, it introduces practical techniques drawn from the fields of psychology, psychotherapy, and behavioral economics, and show how they can be applied to address some of the most common, every-day challenges that managers face. #changingpeople.
Praise, motivation, and the child
Not just for the money : an economic theory of personal motivation
Rewarding teams
Superbosses : how exceptional leaders master the flow of talent
The ingredients of challenge
Performance shares and stock options as incentives : recent developments in Finland
Teachers as classroom coaches : how to motivate students across the content areas
How the Cow got the wings and learnt to fly : A phenomenographic study of creative madness at Riihenmäki School
Motivating people
Encouraging learning and development : part 2 : how to apply the Investors in People standard : self-assessment work book : 25 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
The complete guide to cheerleading : all the tips, tricks, and inspiration
Creating a model for identification and motivation of innovation champions
The leader's handbook : making things happen, getting things done
Young children's success in learning situations : actions, views and appraisals in learning contexts
Emotional obstacles of e-learning
Evidence-based reward management : creating measurable business impact from your pay and reward practices
An innovative economic incentive model to improve the working environment : testing in France
Nurturing the gifted female : a guide for educators and parents
Well-researched and practical top level guidance on how to formulate the best strategy for incentives and recognition and how to implement such programmes effectively in both large and small organizations.
Changing employee behavior : a practical guide for managers
Post-Unemployment Wages and Ecomic Incentives to Exit from Unemployment
Strategic reward : implementing more effective reward management
New philosophies of learning
An innovative economic incentive model for improvement of the working environment in Europe
Strategic reward : making it happen : how organizations add value through reward
Motivate people : get the best from yourself and others
Summary.
Light their fire : using internal marketing to ignite employee performance and wow your customers
Creative leadership : mining the gold in your workforce
What makes performance-related pay schemes work? : Finnish evidence
Ultimate cheerleading
The art of winning commitment : 10 ways leaders can engage minds, hearts, and spirits
Lead others effectively : how to motivate and inspire at work
Harvard business review on motivating people
Essays on stock options, incentives and managerial action
150 ways to increase intrinsic motivation in the classroom
A theory of incentives in procurement and regulation
Person-centred active support : a handbook
Personnel management in the hotel & catering industry
Motivate and reward : performance appraisal and incentive systems for business success
A handbook of employee reward management and practice
How to win friends and influence people
The new partnership : profit by bringing out the best in your people, customers and yourself
The motivating team leader
Fun and gains : motivate and energize staff wirh workplace games, contests and activities
Stock option compensation cost : expense and disclosures-APB 25, FAS 123 and G4+1 proposal
Reward management : a critical text
Strategic reward and recognition : improving employee performance through non-monetary incentives
Idea agent : leadership that liberates creativity and accelerates innovation
The perils of altering incentive plans : a case study
Challenging students to learn : how to use effective leadership and motivation tactics
Employment in the lean years : policy and prospects for the next decade
Ultimate rewards : what really motivates people to achieve
The reward plan advantage : a manager's guide to improving business performance through people
The Best football anthems in the world : 13 classic footie songs from Match of the Day to Three Lions
Essays on political corporate governance and governance reforms : consequences from sociological perspectives
Human resource management in the hospitality industry : an introductory guide
A travel incentive program as a motivational tool in a supplier-reseller relationship
Enriching feedback in the primary classroom : oral and written feedback from teachers and children
Performance-related pay and gender wage differences
A leg up : enhancing your child's reading and writing
Abstract (1 s.).
The impact of pay knowledge on organisational performance : investigating Finnish profit-sharing schemes
Totally positive teaching : a five-stage approach to energizing students and teachers
The manager's book of decencies : how small gestures build great companies
"The most powerful word in your leadership vocabulary is. THANKS!..Building a fully engaged, energized workforce is the key to business success. The Power of Thanks reveals how leading companies like Intuit, JetBlue Airways, IHG, Symantec, ConAgra Foods, and The Hershey Company empower employees through social recognition, in which the practice of mutual appreciation and trust directs and rewards higher performance...Eric Mosley and Derek Irvine, executives at the world-renowned employee recognition firm Globoforce, explain why social recognition is so powerful and how you can apply it in your company. Case by case, they show how a carefully.planned and consistently executed Culture of Recognition business strategy inspires:. Greater employee engagement and loyalty. Stronger, more unified teams and departments. A creative, innovative company culture. Improved customer satisfaction. Increased profitability and organizational health..Mosley and Irvine provide practical advice and proven examples for devising a powerful, growth-generating strategy that modernizes employee recognition for today's social, global, multi-generational and 24x7 wired workforce...When employees participate in a culture that makes everyone a stakeholder in the organization's success, positive energy spreads like wildfire, and business results follow. Something so simple and powerful might work like magic, but it's really just common sense. It's smart management. It's long-term thinking...It's The Power of Thanks."--
