http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4733 apparel
apparel
21th century girls : how female minds develop, how to raise bright, balanced girls and why today's world needs them more than ever
Wandering son. Volume two
How to be a Victorian
What's that noise!
Luella's guide to English style
Lessons from Madame Chic : 20 stylish secrets I learned while living in Paris
Michelle Obama : first lady of fashion and style
What shall I wear? : the what, where, when and how much of fashion
Spot's dressing-up fun
Orientalism : visions of the east in western dress
Brides. 2015 : April/May
Dress your best : the complete guide to finding the style that's right for your body
Harper's Bazaar great style : best ways to update your look
How to wear white : a pocket book for the bride-to-be
Off the cuff : the guy's guide to lookung good
The clothing & ornaments of China's tibetan nationality
Dressed for war : uniform, civilian clothing and trappings, 1914-1918
The truth about style
How to be Parisian : wherever you are
Style tribes : the fashion of subcultures
The button box : lifting the lid on women's lives
20th century fashion : a scrapbook-1900 to today
Michael Jackson style
Vested interests : cross-dressing & cultural anxiety
Stitches in time : the story of the clothes we wear
The lost art of dress : the women who once made America stylish
Exploring our cultural diversity : symposium abstracts of the Costume Society of America 1992 Annual Meeting and Symposium, San Antonio, Texas may 27-30, 1992 hosted by Region VII
Teddy boys : a concise history
Work your wardrobe : Gok's gorgeous guide to style that lasts
Improvement of first impression by wearing clothing and accessories recommended by body line analysis
Report of the 53rd annual meeting of the costume committee of the ICOM : September 6 - 12, 1999, Nafplion and Athens
Hats : a history of fashion in headwear
"Don we now our gay apparel" : gay men's dress in in the twentieth century
Mr. Godey's ladies : being a mosaic of fashions & fances
Dressing up as a pirate
In the gutter
Trans voices : becoming who you are
English costume of the seventeenth century
Your London wedding. 2012 : Issue 26 November/December
1001 little fashion miracles
Good morning Sam
Miller's collecting fashion & accessories
Clothing values, interpersonal values, and life satisfaction in two generations of Central Appalachian women
'50s and '60s style
Theoretical model for apparel design curriculum : fit satisfaction, body cathexis, and creativity
A year in fashion : a look a day
Preppy : cultivating Ivy style
Undressing religion : commitment and conversion from a cross-cultural perspective
Ethics and consumer behavior in clothing industry
Dressed to impress : looking the part
37th R3 Nordic Contamination Control Symposium, Tampere, Finland, May 29 - 31, 2006
Appearance and power
A healthy you : boost your energy, live cleaner, and look and feel younger every day
Showing your colors
Skin to skin : eroticism in dress
Pleats please
Head over heart
The essential guide to mindful dressing : choose your colours - control your life!
Elizabethan and Jacobean 1558-1625
Self.styled : dare to be different
Fashion, the ultimate history of costume : from prehistory to the present day
Ancient Roman clothes
The curated closet : discover your personal style and build your dream wardrobe
Arctic wears : perspectives on arctic clothing
The 15th International Costume Congress
Advanced style : older & wiser
At home with Madame Chic : becoming a connoisseur of daily life
The stylist
Color me beautiful : discover your natural beauty through the colors that make you look great & feel fabulous!
Dress skinny : perfecting your style, flattering your body, and looking fabulous
Secrets and mysteries: the glory and pleasure of being a woman
Ruby, Blue and Blanket
American dress as social history
How were the pupils dressed in a country village in northern Finland in 1909–1939?
Abstract: The Stylist : Becoming a Professional Image Consult. I wrote my thesis about the stylist and its agendas. The thesis purpose was to provide information on how to become a professional image consult, namely a stylist.  My thesis will tell the techniques, the technical tips, and the information on what a stylist does and where this career path can be used. The present thesis will also teach the student about the lessons, what a young student needs to learn before stepping into the professional field itself.  My thesis will inform also the students about what a stylist needs take into consideration before becoming involved with the career of a stylist. Such matters include e.g. different body types, colors, portfolio book, contact book, clients, different stylists etc. The present thesis is a qualitative various scholars and specialists have been consulted about the fashion industry's heroes, the stylists.
Ancient Greek, Roman and Byzantine costume and decoration
Wandering son. Volume three
Early Bourbon 1590-1643
Corsets and codpieces : a social history of outrageous fashion
Vintage style : 25 retro looks & how to get them
Wedding flowers. 2012 : November/December
Pippa : simple tips to live beautifully
How to be chap : the surprisingly sophisticated habits, drinks and clothes of the modern gentleman
Costumes and cultures of the pacific rim and their world influences
Vanity fair : e-lehti
Early Tudor 1485-1558
Dress and identity
Fashion brands : branding style from Armani to Zara
Or glory : 21st century rockers
20,000 years of fashion
Girls in pants
Everyday style : key pieces to sew + accessories, styling & inspiration
1920s style : how to get the look of the decade
Thomas goes out
Brides. 2015 : July/August
The new secrets of style : your complete guide to dressing your best every day
The Stylist : Becoming a Professional Image Consult
How to wear jewellery : 55 styles
Clothing : the portable environment
Double stitch : designs for the crochet fashionista
Cloth, dress and art patronage in Africa
Short chic : the everything-you-need-to-know fashion guide for every woman under 54́ ́́
The great American T-shirt
Rock my wedding : your day, your way
The elegant man : how to construct the ideal wardrobe
Memoirs of a geisha
East End fashionistas
Women's managerial careers in the context of the United Arab Emirates
Dress and popular culture
Paris undressed : the secrets of French lingerie
My secret book of fashion
Modern bride : february/march 1994 : 100 wedding fashions for all seasons
I will not wear pink
1001 little ways to look younger
Brides.  : winter 2013
The tricks and treats of halloween!
Fashion revivals from the Elizabethan age to the present day
Modern bride february/march 1995.
English costume of the eighteenth century
Wandering son. Volume eight
The meaning of sunglasses : a guide to (almost) all things fashionable
Trinny & Susannah : the survival guide : a woman's secret weapon for getting through the year
1000 incredible costume & cosplay ideas : a showcase o creative characters from Anime, Manga, video games, movies, comics, and more!
Fashion tribes : China
Living in style : inspiration and advide for everyday glamour
Vanity fair (USA) : Helsinki
Modern Bride : April/May 1996
Supply Chain Management in Fast Fashion
...isms : understanding fashion
100 ways for every girl to look & feel fantastic
Costume Committee Meeting : September 29 - October 7, 1996, Museum of Decorative Arts, Prague
The importance of wearing clothes
The hundred dresses : the most iconic styles of our time
Artist, rebel, dandy : men of fashion
Clothing : a study in human behavior
F**k Ivy **and everything else
The author shares her sources of inspiration and how she and her friends mix and match her key pieces while working, playing, resting, and travelling
Fashion : the whole story
English costume in the age of Elizabeth : the sixteenth century
Fashion : a history from the 18th to the 20th century. Volume II : 20th century
Wandering son. Volume four
The great age of Holland 1600-60
Wandering son. Volume six
Fashion 150 years : couturiers, designers, labels
Moroccan fashion : design, tradition and modernity
The best of Jane Austen knits : 27 regency-inspired designs
The last Valois 1515-90
Wedding flowers & accessories. 2015 : May/June
Wardrobe strategies for women
Forever chic : must-have tips on beauty and style
A brief view : from The Gallery of English Costume
A dedicated follower of fashion
(un)Fashion
The first four seconds : things successful men know about dressing for power
Brides. 2013 : January/February
Court dress collection : Kensington Palace
Western world costume : an outline history
Dos and don'ts : 400 new jokes from the funniest magazine column to ever exist in the history of the universe
