http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p473 office premises
office premises
Store windows no. 11
Display, commercial space & sign design : Volume 32.
Visual merchandising : window and in-store displays for retail
Corporate interiors. 1
Store designs for the '90s
New trends in commercial spaces
European shop designs
New shop image graphics 2
The new office
Design for shopping : new retail interiors
Corporate interiors. 2
Visual merchandising and display
Cool Shops Hamburg
Corporate interiors. 6
Guide to the Helsinki metropolitan area property market
Display, commercial space & sign design : Volume 31
Shop! : best of store design
The new boutique : fashion and design
Hip interiors : shops and showrooms
Stores of the year : no. 12
Store windows no. 9
Designing with light : retail spaces : lighting solutions for shops, malls and markets ; series ed. Conway Lloyd Morgan
Display, commercial space and sign design : Volume 22
Brand spaces : branded architecture and the future of retail design
Shit New York : snapshots of the city that never sleeps - caught napping
World shops & fashion boutiques : 52 outstanding fashion boutiques & specialty stores
Hot shops
Window displays = Vetrine
New retail
Corporate interiors : grundlagen, komponenten, beispiele = Corporate interiors : basics, components, examples
Sign language : street signs as folk art
Dolls' house shops, cafes & restaurants
Harvard Design School guide to shopping. 2
Creative booth design 2 : a collection of strongest idea booths
Retail interiors : Interior design library
International interiors 6 : [workspaces, offices & studios, shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings]. 6, Workspaces, offices & studios, shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings
Coffee houses of Europe
New stores in USA
Katu Helsingin syd채mess채 : Aleksanterinkatu = The street at the heart of Helsinki : Aleksanterinkatu = Gatan i hj채rtat av Helsingfors : Aleksandersgatan
Creative lighting : custom and decorative luminaires
Shops
Shop design for Marimekko : strongly contextual or simply superficial ?.
Detail in contemporary retail design
Interior pop!
Neon world
International interiors. 7
Out of the box! : brand experiences between pop-up and flagship
Wonderwall : Masamichi Katayama projects N째2
Stores and retail spaces 11: from the Retail Design Institute and the editors of VMSD magazine
Trade mark & store design : L`anima oltre l`atlantico ; the soul beyond the atlantic
One-off : independent retail design
Seven designers for shops
Fashion +  architecture
Retail spaces : small stores under 250 m2 [2,700 sq. ft.]
World super interiors : restaurants, bars, boutiques, offices
Retail and restaurant spaces : an international portfolio of 41 designers
Outstanding shop designs
Display, commercial space and sign design : Volume 24
Fashion decor : new interiors for consepts shops
Shopping architecture now
Is the limited company a better option than direct ownership when leasing residences and premises?
An econometric analysis and forecast of office property rents in the Helsinki area
Cool shops Munich
Eat, work, shop : new Japanese design
Sustainable commercial interiors
Staging space : scenic interiors and spatial experiences
Display, commercial space & sign design : Volume 26
Establishing and doing business in Finland
Contemporary world interiors
New commercial spaces
New Retail
