http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4742 children's literature
children's literature
Introduction to children's literature
Franklin and Harriet
Island of shadows
a Presents a history of Golden Books, discussing how it was founded in the mist of World War II providing quality books at inexpensive prices and used innovative writers and marketing techniques to establish itself as a highly successful publishing firm.
Tove Jansson : life, art, words : the authorised biography / Boel Westin ; translated by Silvester Mazzarella
The leopard boy
Voices from far away : current trends in international children's literature research
Holiday crafts : 50 projects for year-round family fun
Nancy Clancy : super sleuth
Kipper's first pet
Children and their books
Marvin Redpost : a magic crystal?
A collection of classic stories for children
Penguins of Madagascar. Volume 2, issue 1
Printed for children : World children's book exhibition
Agent Alfie : Sorted!
Lowly worm meets the early bird
Nate the Great and the musical note
The magic folk collection
The road to ever after
R is for Russia
Diary of a wimpy kid : Rodrick rules
A Rickety Trolley, Virginian Wolfsnake and Yeeka: Lexical explications, wordplay and nonsense utterances in A Series of Unfortunate Events and their translation into Finnish PDF
The amber spyglass
The Ultimate Harry Potter and philosophy : Hogwarts for Muggles
The mark of the dragonfly
The secret rescuers : the baby firebird
The owl service
The railway children
Aesthetic approaches to children's literature : an introduction
Monster High character encyclopedia
Chipmunk's abc
The rhetoric of character in children's literature
Stinkbomb & Ketchup-Face and the evilness of pizza
English children's books 1600 to 1900
Forest of the wolves
Starting school
The Silver pool
Video Rose and Mark Spark
Franklin and the thunderstorm
Franklin says I love you
The wish-bringer
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
Tomb of doom
Airplanes
Ozma of Oz. [3]
George's Marvellous Medicine
Ghost camp
Books for keeps : Vantaa
My friends = Mis amigos
Where do garbage trucks go? : and other questions about ... trash and recycling
Aftershock
Bridge to Terabithia
Stories and tales
Harry Potter and the chamber of secrets
ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND & THROUGH.
Exploiting children's literature in EFL teaching from the different learners' point of view : a differentiated teaching material package for fourth graders
Children's books in England : five centuries of social life
Children's literature in Hitler's Germany : the cultural policy of national socialism
The stones of Ravenglass
The BFG
The Patchwork Girl of Oz
Who stole the hamster?
Oxford first illustrated dictionary
Books for keeps : Helsinki
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
How do penguins play?
Precious and the mystery of Meerkat Hill : a new case from Precious Ramotswe
Death in The Saga of Darren Shan
Greg Heffley tells about his summer vacation and his attempts to steer clear of trouble when he returns to middle school and tries to keep his older brother Rodrick from telling everyone about Greg's most humiliating experience of the summer.
Dorothy and the wizard in Oz. [4]
The Stone Age sentinel
An introduction to the world of children's books
Kidsnatched from her orphanage by a BFG (Big Friendly Giant), who spends his life blowing happy dreams to children, Sophie concocts with him a plan to save the world from nine other man-gobbling cannybull giants.
The ultimate book guide : over 600 great books for 8-12s
The story of Alice : Lewis Carroll and the secret history of Wonderland
Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, The third wheel
The story cure : an A-Z of books to keep kids happy, healthy and wise
Monacello : the little monk
Children's literature : as a means of promoting intercultural understanding : report of the international seminar in Denmark, 29 August through 2 September, 1977
The Melting Sea
Doesn't tha' understand a bit o' Yorkshire when tha' hears it? : representation of Yorkshire dialect in the secret garden and its Finnish translation
The role and development of Soviet children's literature during perestroika
The pirate pig
Pottermore Presents is a collection of J.K. Rowling's writing taken from the Pottermore archives: short reads originally featured on pottermore.com with some exclusive new additions. These eBooks, with writing curated by Pottermore, will take you beyond the Harry Potter stories as J.K. Rowling reveals her inspiration, intricate details of characters' lives and surprises from the wizarding world.The Hogwarts Collection gathers together three Pottermore Presents volumes. Rediscover the stories of Remus Lupin and Minerva McGonagall in "Heroism, Hardship and Dangerous Hobbies"; delve into Horace Slughorn's early years in "Power, Politics and Pesky Poltergeists"; and venture into the Hogwarts grounds in "Hogwarts: An Incomplete and Unreliable Guide
Multiculturalism in the book series Pensionaatti Onnela [boarding house Onnela]
Funny stories for ten year olds
Diary of a wimpy kid : Greg Heffley's journal
The princess and the pea
The four bears finally reach Toklo's home in the mountains, but it has come at a price--Yakone is ill and may not survive and Lusa might need to leave her friends behind to discover her own purpose.
Nancy Clancy : secret admirer
Nate the Great and the Halloween hunt
Ways of the illustrator : visual communication in children's literature
Philosophy in children's literature
Angus and Sadie
The search for WondLa
Witch's Vacuum Cleaner
The Queens bracelet
Animal stories for bedtime
Fourth of July raid
Five children and it
The ultimate book guide
Princess academy
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
Spain
The problem of translating children's literature : a study of four Moomin books and their English and Finnish translations
WRITTEN FOR CHILDREN
The adventures of captain Underpants
Only connect : readings on children's literature
Sammy and the Starman
Room on the broom
As undergraduate and graduate courses in children's literature become more established and numerous, there is an intense need for a textbook that offers aesthetic rather than educational approaches to children's literature. This work fills that void by providing students of children's literature with a comprehensible and easy-to-use analytical tool kit, showing through concrete demonstration how each tool might best be used. The chapters are organized around familiar and easily recognized features of literary texts (e.g. author, genre, character). Theoretical issues are illustrated by specific texts from the North American children's literature canon. The book explores the particular aesthetics of children's fiction and the ways critical theory may be applied to children's texts, while remaining accessible to a college readership without prior specialized knowledge of literary theory. Each chapter includes a short introduction to a specific theoretical approach (e.g. semiotics, feminist, psychoanalytic), an example of its application to a literary text, a number of activities (study questions, reading exercises), and suggestions for further explorations.
It came from beneath the sink
James and the Giant Peach
Surprised by joy
Going to the doctor
The runaway Santa : a Christmas adventure story
One ocean touching : papers from the first Pacific Rim Conference on Children's Literature
Human - and anti-human - values in children's books : a content rating instrument for educators and concerned parents
Osbert the avenger
Why space matters to me
When you reach me
Pipers at the gates of dawn : the wisdom of children's literature
Intent upon reading : a critical appraisal of modern fiction for children
The case of Peter Pan, or, The impossibility of children's fiction
The graveyard book
The great Gilly Hopkins
Python for kids : a playful introduction to programming
The wonderful wizard of Oz. [1]
Adventures into otherness : child metamorphs in late twentieth-century children's literature
A critical history of children's literature : a survey of children's books in english from earliest times to the present, prepared in four parts
The jungle book
To the top! : climbing the world's highest mountain
Harry Potter and the challenges of translation : treatment of personal names in the Finnish and German translations of the three first Harry Potter books by J. K. Rowling
Big dog and little dog visit the moon
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
The promise of happiness : value and meaning in children's fiction
The world of cars
Scary stories for ten year olds
Let's get crafty with fabric & felt : 25 creative and fun projects for kids aged 2 and up
Nate the Great and the phony clue
Multiculturalism as a challenge in contemporary Finnish picturebooks:reimagining sociocultural categories
Waterstone's guide to children's books
How to catch a star
Domestication and foreignisation in the Finnish and Swedish translations of the BFG by Roald Dahl
Diary of a wimpy kid. 5, The ugly truth
The knights of the brown table
ABC : costume and textiles from the Los Angeles County Museum of Art
Eight days of Luke
Davy David, an orphan, lives by his wits in the dead-end town of Brownvale. When a stray dog called George turns Davy's life upside down just days before Christmas, he sets in motion a chain of events which forces them to flee. A mischievous wind blows the two of them to a boarded-up museum on the outskirts of town where they meet the elderly recluse, Miss Flint. She has planned one last adventure before her time is up and hires the reluctant Davy and George to escort her. A magical adventure about an unlikely friendship and an unforgettable journey. Ages 9+
The Witch's vacuum cleaner
Golden legacy : the story of Golden Books
Pottermore presents. Volumes 1-3, The Hogwarts collection
Dee Dee and me
The day no one was angry
Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone
The history of children's literature : a syllabus with selected bibliographies
The marvelous land of Oz. [2]
Contemporary British society in the magic world of J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter books
Children's literature in Sweden
How to create animation in 10 easy lessons
Fortunately, the milk
Unsolved historical mysteries
Little Witch goes to school
Middle-schooler Greg Heffley nimbly sidesteps his father's attempts to change Greg's wimpy ways until his father threatens to send him to military school.
Greece
The secret kingdom
Myth, symbol and meaning in Mary Poppins : the governess as provocateur
The perfect hamburger
This dictionary takes children on a magical journey while at the same time developing early dictionary skills. Grammar and language tips - word origins, rhyming words, synonyms, opposites and spelling help sit alongside example sentences taken from children's reading.
Other worlds
Danny : the champion of the world
Incredible human body
United States
Estonian and foreign fairytales
The road to Oz
International directory of children's literature
Lion at school and other stories
Written for children
The abominable snowman : a short story from dragons at crumbling castle
Tales from the perilous realm
Learning to swim
The Horse, the Howl and the Hatchet : nature representations in Ronia, the robber's daughter and Hatchet
Monkey Mayhem
Dancing dinos go to school
Rebecca of Sunnybrook farm
Cherry time at Bullerby
Greg records his sixth grade experiences in a middle school where he and his best friend, Rowley, undersized weaklings amid boys who need to shave twice daily, hope just to survive, but when Rowley grows more popular, Greg must take drastic measures to save their friendship.
A book of opposites in Signed English : night-day  sleep-play
Nodes of Contemporary Finnish Literature
Webs and wardrobes : humanist and religious world views in children's literature
The Emerald City of Oz
Diary of a wimpy kid : the last straw
Drops of life
E is for Ethiopia
