http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4745 combinatorics
combinatorics combinatorial analysis
Bijective combinatorics
Combinatorics, words and symbolic dynamics
Matroid theory
Constructing certain combinatorial structures by computational methods
Introductory combinatorics
Combinatorial optimization : theory and algorithms
Journal of combinatorial theory. Ser. A.
How to count : an introduction to combinatorics
The substantial development effort of this text, involving multiple editions and trailing in the context of various workshops, university courses and seminar series, clearly shows through in this new edition with its clear writing, good organisation, comprehensive coverage of essential theory, and well-chosen applications. The proofs of important results and the representation of key algorithms in a Pascal-like notation allow this book to be used in a high-level undergraduate or low-level graduate course on graph theory, combinatorial optimization or computer science algorithms. The well-worked solutions to exercises are a real bonus for self study by students.
Combinatorics on words
Moscow Journal of Combinatorics and Number Theory
Aspects of combinatorics : a wide-ranging introduction
Introduction to combinatorial mathematics
The surprising mathematics of longest increasing subsequences
Enumerative combinatorics. Vol. 2
A first course in combinatorial mathematics
A course in discrete mathematical structures
Combinatorial mathematics
Games of no chance : combinatorial games at MSRI, 1994
Combinatorial theory
An introduction to combinatorics
A course in enumeration
Analytic combinatorics
Combinatorics of permutations
Generatingfunctionology
"Mathematicians have found it useful to enumerate all sorts of things arising in discrete mathematics: elements of finite groups, configurations of ones and zeros, graphs of various sorts; the list is endless. Analytic combinatorics uses analytic techniques to do the counting: generating functions are defined and their coefficients are then estimated via complex contour integrals. This book is the result of nearly fifteen years work on developing analytic machinery to recover, as effectively as possible, asymptotics of the coefficients of a multivariate generating function. It is the first book to describe many of the results and techniques necessary to estimate coefficients of generating functions in more than one variable"--
On iteration-based security flaws in modern hash functions
Combinatorial studies of vectors and sequences
Combinatorial pattern matching : third annual symposium, Tucson, Arizona, USA, April 29 - May 1, 1992 : proceedings
Periodicity and unbordered factors of words
Fractional factorial plans
Combinatorics, complexity, and chance : a tribute to Dominic Welsh
Applied finite group actions
Journal of combinatorial theory. Ser. B.
Bounded variable logics and counting : a study in finite models
Local Proceedings of WORDS 2013 : 9th International Conference in Combinatorics on Words : 16-20 September, Turku, Finland
Principles and techniques in combinatorics
Combinatorial methods in discrete mathematics
Stable marriage and its relation to other combinatorial problems : an introduction to the mathematical analysis of algorithms
"This easy-to-read book demonstrates how a simple geometric idea reveals fascinating connections and results in number theory, the mathematics of polyhedra, combinatorial geometry, and group theory. Using a systematic paper-folding procedure it is possible to construct a regular polygon with any number of sides as well as three-dimensional models known as polyhedra. This remarkable algorithm has led to interesting proofs of certain results in number theory, has been used to answer combinatorial questions involving partitions of space, and has enabled the authors to obtain the formula for the volume of a regular tetrahedron in around three steps, using nothing more complicated than basic arithmetic and the most elementary plane geometry. All of these ideas, and more, reveal the beauty of mathematics and the interconnectedness of its various branches"--
Proofs that really count : the art of combinatorial proof
Intricacies of word equations
Pearls of discrete mathematics
A mathematical tapestry : demonstrating the beautiful unity of mathematics
Wiener chaos : moments, cumulants and diagrams : a survey with computer impelementation
Combinatorics on words : new aspects on avoidability, defect effect, equations and palindromes
Discrete mathematical structures for computer scientists and engineers
Rich words and balanced words
Asymptotic combinatorial coding theory
Combinatorics : a guided tour
An algebraic approach to association schemes
A first course in combinatorial optimization
Combinatorial designs and tournaments
Polynomial languages with finite antidictionaries
Applied combinatorics
Graph theory and finite combinatorics
Combinatorial pattern matching : 5th Annual Symposium, CPM 94, Asilomar, CA, USA, June 5-8, 1994, proceedings
Computing and combinatorics : 7th annual international conference, COCOON 2001, Guilin, China, August 20-23, 2001 : proceedings
More games of no chance
Numbers, information and complexity
Combinatorics and graph theory
Association schemes : designed experiments, algebra and combinatorics
The CRC handbook of combinatorial designs
How to guard an art gallery and other discrete mathematical adventures
Handbook of combinatorics
The sharpest cut : the impact of Manfred Padberg and his work
Lectures on generating functions
Stochastic local search : foundations and applications
Combinatorial principles and stationary sets : with model theoretic applications
Combinatorial pattern matching : 4th annual symposium, CPM 93, Padova, Italy, June 2-4, 1993, proceedings
Summary: This books gives an introduction to discrete mathematics for beginning undergraduates. One of original features of this book is that it begins with a presentation of the rules of logic as used in mathematics. Many examples of formal and informal proofs are given. With this logical framework firmly in place, the book describes the major axioms of set theory and introduces the natural numbers. The rest of the book is more standard. It deals with functions and relations, directed and undirected graphs, and an introduction to combinatorics. There is a section on public key cryptography and RSA, with complete proofs of Fermat's little theorem and the correctness of the RSA scheme, as well as explicit algorithms to perform modular arithmetic. The last chapter provides more graph theory. Eulerian and Hamiltonian cycles are discussed. Then, we study flows and tensions and state and prove the max flow min-cut theorem. We also discuss matchings, covering, bipartite graphs.
On relations between local and global periodicity
Combinatorics
Combinatorial and computational mathematics
Introduction to combinatorics
Graphs, networks and algorithms
Handbook of discrete and combinatorial mathematics
Fibonacci and catalan numbers : an introduction
Enumerative combinatorics. Vol. 1
Probabilistic methods in combinatorial analysis
Arrangements of hyperplanes
Combinatorial chemistry : synthesis and application
Combinatorics, complexity, & logic : proceedings of DMTCS'96
On primitive solutions of the Post correspondence problem
Triangular arrays with applications
Counting : the art of enumerative combinatorics
Combinatorics : topics, techniques, algorithms
Foundations of applied combinatorics
Combinatorial pattern matching : 12th annual symposium, CPM 2001, Jerusalem, Israel, July 1-4, 2001, proceedings
Combinatorial optimization : algorithms and complexity
Introductory Combinatorics emphasizes combinatorial ideas, including the pigeon-hole principle, counting techniques, permutations and combinations, Polya counting, binomial coefficients, inclusion-exclusion principle, generating functions and recurrence relations, and combinatortial structures (matchings, designs, graphs). Written to be entertaining and readable, this book's lively style reflects the author's joy for teaching the subject. It presents an excellent treatment of Polya's Counting Theorem that doesn't assume the student is familiar with group theory. It also includes problems that offer good practice of the principles it presents. The third edition of Introductory Combinatorics has been updated to include new material on partially ordered sets, Dilworth's Theorem, partitions of integers and generating functions. In addition, the chapters on graph theory have been completely revised. A valuable book for any reader interested in learning more about combinatorics.
Discrete and combinatorial mathematics : an applied introduction
Random generation of trees : random generators in computer science : by Laurent Alonso and René Schott
Handbook of combinatorics. Volume 2
"This easy-to-read book demonstrates how a simple geometric idea reveals fascinating connections and results in number theory, the mathematics of polyhedra, combinatorial geometry, and group theory. Using a systematic paper-folding procedure it is possible to construct a regular polygon with any number of sides. This remarkable algorithm has led to interesting proofs of certain results in number theory, has been used to answer combinatorial questions involving partitions of space, and has enabled the authors to obtain the formula for the volume of a regular tetrahedron in around three steps, using nothing more complicated than basic arithmetic and the most elementary plane geometry. All of these ideas, and more, reveal the beauty of mathematics and the interconnectedness of its various branches. Detailed instructions, including clear illustrations, enable the reader to gain hands-on experience constructing these models and to discover for themselves the patterns and relationships they unearth"--
A course in combinatorics
Combinatorial theory and statistical design
Combinatorial engineering of decomposable systems
Handbook of discrete and computational geometry
The probabilistic method
The N-dimensional N-person chesslike game strategy analysis model
Discrete mathematics
Graphs, combinatorics, algorithms and applications
Topics in finite and discrete mathematics
Combinators, -terms and proof theory
Discrete mathematics : elementary and beyond
"Internationally recognised researchers look at developing trends in combinatorics with applications in the study of words and in symbolic dynamics. They explain the important concepts, providing a clear exposition of some recent results, and emphasise the emerging connections between these different fields. Topics include combinatorics on words, pattern avoidance, graph theory, tilings and theory of computation, multidimensional subshifts, discrete dynamical systems, ergodic theory, numeration systems, dynamical arithmetics, automata theory and synchronised words, analytic combinatorics, continued fractions and probabilistic models. Each topic is presented in a way that links it to the main themes, but then they are also extended to repetitions in words, similarity relations, cellular automata, friezes and Dynkin diagrams. The book will appeal to graduate students, research mathematicians and computer scientists working in combinatorics, theory of computation, number theory, symbolic dynamics, tilings and stringology. It will also interest biologists using text algorithms"--
A combinatorial approach to matrix theory and its applications
Difference sets : connecting algebra, combinatorics, and geometry
Simulated annealing and Boltzmann machines : a stochastic approach to combinatorial optimization and neural computing
Mathematics of choice, or, How to count without counting
A Genetic algorithm based metaheuristic for production scheduling
Defect theorems and infinite words
Analytic combinatorics in several variables
Pearls in graph theory : a comprehensive introduction
Local search in combinatorial optimization
Algorithms for classification of combinatorial objects
Algebraic and combinatorial methods for error-correcting codes with applications to fault-tolerant logic
A primer in combinatorics
Combinatorial designs : constructions and analysis
Binary polynomial transforms and applications. 1, In combinatorics, digital logic and nonlinear filtering : algorithms and their complexities
Elements of discrete mathematics
Combinatorial games : tic-tac-toe theory
Graph theory, combinatorics, and algorithms : interdisciplinary applications
The concept of Wiener chaos generalizes to an infinite-dimensional setting the properties of orthogonal polynomials associated with probability distributions on the real line. It plays a crucial role in modern probability theory, with applications ranging from Malliavin calculus to stochastic differential equations and from probabilistic approximations to mathematical finance. This book is concerned with combinatorial structures arising from the study of chaotic random variables related to infinitely divisible random measures. The combinatorial structures involved are those of partitions of finite sets, over which Mobius functions and related inversion formulae are defined. This combinatorial standpoint (which is originally due to Rota and Wallstrom) provides an ideal framework for diagrams, which are graphical devices used to compute moments and cumulants of random variables. Several applications are described, in particular, recent limit theorems for chaotic random variables. An Appendix presents a computer implementation in MATHEMATICA for many of the formulae.
A walk through combinatorics : an introduction to enumeration and graph theory
