http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4763 development projects
development projects
Multi-actuator gerontological rehabilitation in Finland
Managing educational development projects : effective management for maximum impact
Biomass to energy and chemicals : HighBio2 project publication
Beneficiary participation in community based development : the challenges and implications for development management
Dynamic diversity in Southern Thailand
Evaluating development programmes and projects
On an example of a post-formal education : on social sustainability VOLUME I, II and III
From the ground up : case studies in community empowerment
The purpose of this thesis was to examine whether use cases bring value to small-to-medium-sized projects taking into consideration the resources that identifying and documenting use cases take. Additionally, the thesis also aimed at determining what kind of value, if any, use cases add to projects. Due to time constraints, long-term effects were left outside the scope of this thesis. As for project management, this thesis focused mainly on Rational Unified Process, excluding other project management systems. The thesis was done as a case study. It focused on a small integration project between EMC2's Documentum and Microsoft's Active Directory. First this thesis gives an overview of the theory behind use cases and how they can be used in project management. The empirical part of the thesis discusses how use cases were used in the studied project and what value they generated. The thesis indicated that use cases bring value to even small projects. The value, however, might be relatively lesser than in a considerably larger project, but, as this is a case study, a comparison based on the empirical data cannot be conducted within the scope of this thesis.
Economic analysis of agricultural projects
Mastering the requirements process
Improving mental health information in Europe : proposal of the MINDFUL project
Development policy programme 2007 : towards a sustainable and just world community
Handbook of medical tourism program development : developing globally integrated health systems
Towards global and sustainable higher education [Julkaisurekisteriviite] : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
The university as urban developer : case studies and analysis
Implementation of Amadeus Agency Manager (financial aspects) : case: Oy Ebookers Finland Ltd
Mastering software project management : best practices, tools and techniques
My view of my children's home
Agile software development : best practices for large software development projects
Forecasting in business : Tikkurila Oyj
FinNano programme in brief.
Putting people first : sociological variables in rural development. edited by Michael M. Cernea
Evaluation of the Finnish-Swedish R&D programme EXSITE 2001-2003
Developing the integrated management system : quality, environment, and  health and safety standard requirements : ISO 9001, ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001:2007 : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
The civilizing project in medieval Korea : neo-classicism, nativism, and figurations of power
Finland's national health project and EHR
The challenges of modernity for reindeer management : integration and sustainable development in Europe's subarctic and boreal regions
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Design for a mashup of Wordpress and Google Maps API : case: digital service innovation for Chinese restaurants management in Finland
Research, development and innovation activities at Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences : introducing the main projects conducted between the years 2010-2014
Project working development plan for development centre of Salo region
Just on time : main findings of an assessment of the effects of the Finnish Workplace Development Programme projects
Urban tourism in Istanbul : urban regeneration, mega-events and city marketing and branding
Successful project management in social work and social care : managing resources, assessing risks and measuring outcomes
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
Development policy : government resolution 5.2.2004
Transcending "the impossible" : from dead end to expansive learning
Logic model development guide : using logic models to bring together planning, evaluation and action
Community of the future : challenges and new approaches to communtiy based social work and diaconia from the CABLE approach
Exploring pilot projects of a manufacturer on service R&D to understand service as an accounting object
Mobile technology term project : a practical application of the theory of terminology
International bioenergy education in Europe : an overview
Creating a better learning space : the case of the Sino-Finnish Centre
Evaluation : meta-analysis of development evaluations in 2006 : summary
Libraries in Kosova/Kosovo : a general assessment and a short and medium-term development plan
The development of a course for the Red Cross on the rights and responsibilities of medical personnel according to international humanitarian law
Comparison of governance models for e-government initiatives
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Mastering the requirements process : getting requirements right
The Finnish workplace development programme : a small giant? : evaluation report
Effective partnering for school change : improving early childhood education in urban classrooms
Re-engineering customer service organization, processes, roles and responsibilities
Sustainable bioenergy production - an integrated approach
Regional institutional structures and instruments of cross-border co-operation on the external border of the EU : Background report of the Euregios and new neighbourhood project Regbour
Management control systems in technical and administrative development projects
Unraveling reflections of an organization
Science for agriculture and rural development in low-income countries
Cooperation on the eastern Himalayan rivers : opportunities and challenges
Changeology : how to enable groups, communities, and societies to do things they've never done before
Lean-agile software development : achieving enterprise agility
Software packaging and release procedures for freenest
Optical monitoring of flocs and filaments in the activated sludge process
Museums while you travel
Abstract. - Sammandrag.
Welterbe Zollverein : Neuanfang, Wachstum, Perspektiven = World heritage : new beginning, growth, prospects
Customer Profile and Marketing Planning Case: Helsinki ScubaTravel
Fuel cells and hydrogen in Finland : Finnish Fuel Cell Programme 2007-2013
Improving schools and educational systems : international perspectives
Project management in health and community services : getting good ideas to work
Information processing in global virtual NPD projects
SENIORENGAGE : project connects senior and young professionals
EU TRAIN : Towards a common curriculum for the teaching practice of science teachers
Republic of Croatia : a strategy for sustainable agricultural development. Vol. 2.
Integrated management system requirements : quality, environment, and  health and safety standard requirements : ISO 9001, ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001:2007
Keys to the future : environmental expertise at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Mid-term review of the Strategic Development Programme 2006-2011 (SDP2) of the National Smallholder Farmers' Association of Malawi (NASFAM)
Information systems in context : building a tool for analysing the sociotechnical context of organisational information systems
The school of wellbeing : 12 extraordinary projects promoting children and young people's mental health and happiness
Oy Ebookers Finland Ltd has been facing major challenges with the old mid office system during the past few years. The purpose of the project is to implement a new mid office system for offline business and ensure that all employees are trained to use it correctly. Accounting and reporting set-up as well as documentation of financial processes are also covered. The aim is to implement a system that meets both legal and operational requirements for the company and enables employees to concentrate more on the actual work instead of unnecessary manual processes. New mid office system enables several automated processes including retrieval of incoming customer payments and transfer of outgoing supplier payments, thus providing a significant improvement in the daily financial routines. As part of the project, an implementation of a banking programme will also be completed to provide further benefits together with the new mid office system. This project is based on the action research model of Kemmis in which the development plan is formed on basis of the analysis of the current situation. After implementing the action plan, reassessment of the situation is carried out and a new cycle starts in order to develop the processes and working practices further. The researcher is actively participating in the daily activities of the company as well as in the development process carried out during the project. After completing the implementation project, needs for further development are recognized and a detailed plan to implement improvements is presented. Implementation of Amadeus Agency Manager is carried out within a tight schedule in co-operation with Amadeus Finland Ltd and Finnair Travel Services Ltd. New processes are defined and new business model introduced as online and offline businesses are divided to different mid office systems. New system provides more accurate and reliable financial figures and reports for analyzing purposes. Value added configurations and invoice layout are now in compliance with the Finnish VAT and Accounting Acts. Audit trail can also be established easily to provide auditors more accurate documentation as one can track accounting entries for each individual transaction. Amadeus Agency Manager improves efficiency both in actual customer service situations as well as in the handling of basic financial procedures. Professional project management and control help to achieve targets despite of slight, unexpected delays. There is still a need to work on the automated functions such as implementation of supplier matching process in order to improve the invoice handling and payment procedures. The development process continues as the business environment develops and changes constantly.
Promoting client centered substance abuse care in St. Petersburg : "Return to society" -project
Creating sustainable environments in our schools
Project management : a systems approach to planning, scheduling, and controlling
Requirement specification of reporting based on ITIL
Learning in school-university partnership : sociocultural perspectives
Achieving the Millennium Development Goals
Oulu's growth agreement 2006 : a quantum leap for Oulu Technopolis
Summary.
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Learning by developing
Prototypes : an anthology of school improvement ideas that work
The administrative factors in the development of table tennis in Nigeria
The appropriation and dismembering of development : policy, discourse and practice in the field of rural development in Benin
Evaluation : meta-evaluation of decentralised evaluations in 2010 and 2011
Carbon sinks and climate change : forests in the fight against global warming
Unplanned development : tracking change in South-East Asia
Vitalizing the Finnish design ecosystem : case: development of the national design network collaboration platform
The benefits of use cases for development projects : a case study
FinNano : Nanotechnology Programme : final report
Explorations in Kannelmäki : building design knowledge through practice-based design research
Tourism and regional modernization in Namibia
Report on development of foreign language degree programmes of Eastern Finnish polytechnics
Better health via research
Rural tourism and development projects : an evaluation of the tourism development project ÖT-Kusten's activities
A CSR awareness program to enhance capacity building in good governance of multi-cultural employees and safe operations : good governance of multi-cultural safety : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140203)
Norwegian support to Bunda College of Agriculture - phase II : an evaluation
Writing and running qmltestrunner tests
The role of commitment in software process improvement
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Horticulture for Development : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Evaluation of the project "Institutional cooperation between Mokolodi Wildlife Foundation and the Royal Norwegian Society for Development"
The path from development project to service : evaluation of the innovative actions in Eastern Finland programme : summary
Current issues in project analysis for development
The bestselling project management text for students and professionals-now updated and expanded This Eleventh Edition of the bestselling ""bible"" of project management maintains the streamlined approach of the prior editions and moves the content even closer to PMI's Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK). New content has been added to this edition on measuring project management ROI, value to the organization and to customers, and much more. The capstone ""super"" case on the ""Iridium Project"" has been maintained, covering all aspects of project management. Inc.
Biomass gasification to heat, electricity and biofuels : HighBio project publication
How have the projects ensured that the change in business will happen?
Improving Quality in Evolving Software Development Team Practices
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Kassel Project : final report
Healthcare project management
Developing services in student union
Managing for a change : how to run community development projects
Customer communication in distributed agile software development
Tiivistelmä. Software packaging and release procedures for freenest.
Minimum order quantity in case company : tools and rules for calculation
Deploying the integrated management system : quality, environment, and  health and safety : self-assessment work book : 59 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Negotiating knowledge : evidence and experience in development NGOs
Earth roads : a practical manual for the provision of access for agricultural and forestry projects in developing countries
Insights from consolidation of R&D and teaching in ICT engineering education
Republic of Croatia : a strategy for sustainable agricultural development. 1.
How to improve the process and profitability of the calibration and repair services in a high-tech company
Making REDD+ work for communities and forests : three shared lessons for project designers
Rural project management : a handbook for students and practitioners
Mission and development : Finnish Pentecostal, Lutheran and Orthodox mission agencies in development work in Kenya 1948-1989
The millennium development goals and beyond : international assistance to the Asia-Pacific
Developing participation through projects? : a case study from the Helsinki Metropolitan Area
Expanding possibilities : project work using ICT
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
