http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p476 upbringing
upbringing
Theories in educational psychology
Developmental policy and education
The power of positive dog training
Including learners with low-incidence disabilities
Bourdieu and education : acts of practical theory
Educational research : proofs, arguments, and other reasonings
NordYrk : Nordic journal of vocational education and training
Dialogic space and religious education
Voices from the North : calling for inclusion in education : conference publication
Description:  The end of the last millennium was marked by rapid technological advances and deep changes in many aspects of human activity, often taken together as indicative of a shift into a 'knowledge era'. Such changes have stimulated much discussion about the role and processes of education, and about the role of information and communication technology (ICT) in teaching and learning in this new era. Many policy documents relating to these themes have been published by international and regional organizations such as the European Commission, the European Round table of Industrialists, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), UNESCO and the World Bank. Numerous blueprints on education reform and on ICT in education have also been set out by various governments since the mid-1990s.These policy initiatives brought with them a variety of strategic implementation priorities that differ from country to country, depending on the socio-economic and political context. Such educational strategies may involve, amongst others, changes in curriculum and/or assessment at the system level, provision for ICT infrastructure, teacher professional development, and/or technical and pedagogical support for teachers.Given the deep technological, economic and policy changes that have taken place over the last decade, are there indications that pedagogical practices are changing as well? What impact is the pedagogical use of ICT making in schools around the world? What is the impact of the implementation of these policies on pedagogy and ICT use in classrooms? These are the questions that this book addresses through an analysis of the findings from SITES 2006, an international comparative study of pedagogy and ICT use conducted under the auspices of the International Association for the Evaluation of Educational Achievement (IEA).
Statistical methods for the evaluation of university systems
The application of Deming's theory of TQM to achieve continuous improvements in education
The SAGE handbook of digital journalism
Legal cases for teachers
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
This first-of-its-kind reference moves the concepts and methodologies of game analytics and learning analytics into the emerging field of serious games. The book calls for more validated and standardized research into serious games analytics, backing up this demand with ways that player data can be transformed into information of value to the academic and serious games sectors. Featured methodologies derive from diverse disciplines, from computer science and data visualization to learning science and statistics. And the volume's second half highlights new frontiers for serious games in medical education and patient care, psychological profile generation, and learning support.   Included in the coverage:   A meta-analysis of data collection in serious games research. Measuring expert-performance for serious games analytics: from data to insights. Comparative visualization of player behavior for serious games analytics. The role of serious games in robot exoskeleton assisted rehabilitation of stroke patients. Design of game-based stealth assessment and learning support. A game design methodology for generating a psychological profile of players.   Serious Games Analytics gives educators, instructional designers, and researchers in educational technology a fuller grasp of the knowledge learners access in serious game play, and data and ideas leading to the next wave of serious games.
Yliopistopedagogiikka = Journal of university pedagogy
Multidisciplinary newsletter for activity theory
There is strong social and political interest in active citizenship and values in education internationally. Active citizenship requires children to experience and internalize moral values for human rights, developing their own opinions and moral responsibility. While investment in young children is recognised as an important factor in the development of citizenship for a cohesive society, less is known about how early years teachers can encourage this in the classroom. This book will present new directions on how teachers can promote children's learning of moral values for citizenship in classrooms. The research provided offers important insights into teaching for active citizenship by: * providing an analysis of educational contexts for moral values for active citizenship * highlighting teachers' beliefs about knowing and knowledge (personal epistemologies) and how these relate to children's learning and understanding about social and moral values * discussing the impact of teachers' beliefs on teaching practices. Evidence suggests that investment in the early years is vital for all learning, and specifically for developing an understanding of active citizenship for tolerant and cohesive societies. This book will be essential reading for the professional education of early years teachers interested in teaching for active citizenship.
Theory and method in higher education research. Volume 2
Norms & nobility : a treatise on education
Language taught and language used : dialogue processes in dyadic lessons of Swedish as a second language compared with non-didactic conversations
Research methods in education
Education as a global concern
Physical education
Education in Denmark : the education system
The value and implementation of health education in Finland
Raising parents : attachment, parenting and child safety
Advances in multilevel modeling for educational research
The RoutledgeFalmer reader in sociology of education
The encyclopedia of education. Vol. 1-8
European journal of social education : a periodical of FESET = Journal européen d'education sociale : revue de FESET
Now in its fourth edition, Comparative Education: The Dialectic of the Global and the Local remains the same groundbreaking book when it first debuted its collection of outstanding scholars in examining the changing transnational landscape of education. With the addition of new coeditor Stephen Franz, the book provides new perspectives on the dynamic interplay of global, national, and local forces as they shape the functions and outcomes of education systems. The book calls for a rethinking of the nation-state as the basic unit for analyzing school-society relations and emphasizes the need to study social movements in relation to educational reforms. It also emphasizes the value of feminist, postcolonial, and culturally sensitive perspectives for inquiry into the potential of education systems to contribute to individual development and social change. This new edition incorporates recent developments in scholarship, especially in education policy and practice, the impact of the global economic crisis, and a new chapter on education in the European Union.
This rewritten, expanded and updated 7th edition of the long-running bestseller Research Methods in Education encompasses the whole range of methods currently employed by educational research at all stages. It offers plentiful and rich practical advice, underpinned by clear theoretical foundations, research evidence and up-to-date references. Chapters new to this edition cover: Causation, critical educational research, evaluation and the politics of research, including material on cross-cultural research, mixed methods and participatory research Choosing and planning a research project, including material on sampling, research questions, literature reviews and ethical issues Meta-analysis, research syntheses and systematic reviews Virtual worlds and internet research Using and analysing visual media and data in educational research Organizing and presenting qualitative data, content analysis, coding and computer analysis, themes, narratives, conversations and discourses, grounded theory Understanding and choosing statistical tests, descriptive and inferential statistics, multi-dimensional measurement and factor analysis Research Methods in Education is essential reading for both the professional researcher and students of education at undergraduate and postgraduate level, who need to understand how to plan, conduct, analyse and use research. The textbook is accompanied by a website: www.routledge.com/textbooks/cohen7e. PowerPoint slides for every chapter contain an outline of the chapter structure followed by a thorough summary of the key points, ideal for both lecturers and students.a Within the book a variety of internet resources are referred to and these references have been included here, with links to the websites.a A wide range of supplementary documents are available for many chapters, providing additional guidance and examples.a They range from guidelines for the contents of a research proposal with a worked example, to screen-print manuals for using SPSS and QSR N6 NUD*IST (exportable to N-Vivo) plus data files.
School & society
Rhythm, music and education
This book focuses on the language of proofs, argument and rhetoric in educational research. It also explores the language of particular debates significant to the wider educational context, such as the language of goals, parenting, and citizenship.
Confident parenting : a behavior management guide for parents of deaf and hearing-impaired children
Handbook of the economics of education. Volume 4
The virtues project : exploring teachers' conceptions of character education
Gifted and talented children 4-11 : understanding and supporting their development
Comparative education : the dialectic of the global and the local
Environmental education in the 21st century : theory, practice, progress and promise
To understand is to invent : the future of education
Community education in the Western world
Digital storytelling : in and out of the classroom
Can we teach ethics?
Service-learning and social entrepreneurship connect students to communities through courses and campus-based opportunities. Each offers students active learning opportunities tied to community engagement and problem solving. Enos presents strategies for creating campus-based programs that educate students for twenty-first century citizenship.
Guidelines for inclusion : ensuring access to education for all
International classes - a melting pot for multicultural pupils
Summary.
Research in educational settings
Education 2000 : a consultative document on hypotheses for education in ad 2000
Education in communist China
Methodological advances in research on emotion and education
The aims of education and other essays
Special educational needs in the early years
How to unspoil your child fast : a speedy, complete guide to contented children and happy parents
This volume presents different conceptual and theoretical frameworks as well as research methods that have helped educational researchers to study emotions. It includes innovative approaches that push the methodological boundaries that have served educational researchers until now and proposes new ways of researching emotions in educational contexts. In particular, this edited volume provides a historical frame for studying emotions. It connects theoretical/epistemological views with choice of research methods and describes specific methods helpful in doing research on emotions as they are grounded in different theoretical and disciplinary traditions such as psychology, philosophy, sociology, history, political science, cultural studies, and feminist studies. Finally, it appreciates the contextual and international dimensions of studying emotions in education and contributes to ongoing debates about the implications of our methodological choices for understanding emotion in education. This combination of variety, timeliness, potential for transformation of the field, and uniqueness make this a very valuable resource to introduce new scholars in the field alongside established scholars.
Teacher's attitudes towards inclusion and the inclusion of students with emotional and behavioural disorders
Puppy perfect : the usefriendly guide to puppy parenting
Mimesis, poiesis, and performativity in education
The moral stake in education : contested premises and practices
Abstract: This functional final thesis was done in co-operation with the Lutheran Evangelical Association of Finland (LEAF). The aim of the thesis was to provide a tool for Sunday school teachers and other educators to support a childʼs moral development. The moral view in the Ten Commandments in a Childʼs Everyday Life curriculum is based on the Bible and Lutheran doctrine about the Ten Commandments. As the main method the curriculum presents ten imaginative stories from the everyday lives of children, giving examples of how the Commandments could be encountered in a childʼs life. In addition, the curriculum provides paper puppets with background scenes and symbol cards to go along with the stories, as well as suggestions for the teachers for songs and crafts.   The theoretical framework of this thesis is the moral development of children. The different parts of the curriculum have been planned to teach the Ten Commandments through methods that are suitable for children under seven years old. The aim of keeping the full Lutheran Catechismal form of the Commandments set a real challenge for the curriculum targeting children of a wide age range. Therefore, the curriculum was developed even further during the process of the thesis to better meet the developmental needs of different age groups.   The product was tested in two testing rounds in several different groups: in the first round in a LEAFʼs family camp and in one Sunday school group, in the second round in two LEAFʼs Sunday school groups. Based on the feedback received from the second round of testing, the material was found to be supportive for the moral development of children. However, the whole extent of the curriculum was not tested in the second round. Therefore, the feedback cannot be fully applied to the material.   The tool also received developmental ideas that were not implemented as a part of this thesis process. However, these ideas can be used as the starting point for further development in the future. The feedback gave ideas for how the curriculum could be developed to make it even more suitable for the youngest children in the group. Ideas were also given to make the material more organized and manageable for such a short lesson time.
International education : an encyclopedia of contemporary issues and systems
How to make the small indigenous cultures bloom? : special traits of Sámi education in Finland
Education and development in Asia and the Pacific
From child to adult : studies in the anthropology of education
A guide to the Soviet curriculum : what the Russian child is taught in school
Transformative learning in practice : insights from community, workplace, and higher education
Action Research differs dramatically from other works on the subject. In this book, action research is more broadly conceived than it is in previous works. Many works on the subject describe the process simply as one in which a problem is identified by the practitioner, some questions are framed, data are collected from some sources, conclusions are drawn, and some action is then taken. Although these are the basic steps in action research, this approach simplifies the process to the point that it renders the project insignificant or as capable of making only minimal contributions at best. Action research, as described and explained in this book, places more faith in practitioners as professional educators who can be trained and expected to utilize elaborate, thoughtful, and significant approaches to solving problems in school settings. Hence, in Action Research attention is devoted to specific strategies and techniques that have traditionally been reserved only for the more advanced practice of educational research. Action research, then, is not merely a type of research reserved for individuals with little if any formal training in educational research. Rather, action research is a viable tool used by professional and skilled educators who incorporate a wide variety of methodologies, designs, and approaches when conducting research. This underlying assumption makes this book unique. Moreover, as will be explained later, action research is not a separate method of research (along with descriptive, historical, correlational, and evaluation research). Rather, it is a type of research that may utilize and incorporate many different methods of research. Hence, this book is also unique because it considers action research as a process that may include various methods to suit its purpose(s). This book is designed to introduce those research strategies that are likely to be used by practicing supervisors and teachers in their attempt to improve school practices on a daily basis. As such, this book might also be a valuable guidebook for conducting action research at the master's and doctoral levels.
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
In most Western developed countries, adult life is increasingly organized on the basis of short-term work contracts and reduced social security funds. In this context it seems that producing efficient job-seekers and employees becomes the main aim of educational programs for the next generation. Through case studies of young people from urban and countryside marginalized populations in Germany, USA and Brazil, this book investigates emerging educational practices and takes a critical stance towards what can be seen as neoliberal educational politics. It investigates how mediating devices such as CVs, school reports, school files, photos and narratives shape the ways in which those marginalized students reflect about their past as well as imagine their future. By building on process philosophy and time theory, post-structuralism, as well as on Vygotsky's psychological theory, the analysis differentiates between two discrete modes of human development: development of concrete skills (potential development) and development of new societal relations (virtual development, which is at the same time individual and collective). The book outlines an innovative relational account of learning and human development which can prove of particular importance for the education of marginalized students in today's globalized world.
Widening participation and lifelong learning : the journal of the Institute for Access Studies and the European Access Network
Education and the social order
Teetotalism as the core of education at the elementary school teacher training college of Tornio, Finland
The yabby, marron and red claw : production and marketing
To raise a Jewish child : a guide for parents
Universities, once at the forefront of campaigns for intellectual liberty, are now bastions of conformity. This provocative book traces the demise of academic freedom within the context of changing ideas about the purpose of the university and the nature of knowledge and is a passionate call to arms for the power of academic thought today.
IACEE newsletter : news bulletin of the International Association for Continuing Engineering Education IACEE
Prospects for renewable energy education (REE) in elevating youth energy and environmental awareness in Jordan
Frontiers of human rights education
Handbook of moral and character education
Research on preparing inservice teachers to work effectively with emergent bilinguals
Between 1990 and 2010, the English language learner (ELL) population in U.S. schools grew by 80 percent. While the highest concentration of English language learners, now more commonly referred to as emergent bilinguals (EBLs) remains in the traditional immigrant destination states of California, Texas, New York, Florida, Illinois, and New Jersey, in all 50 states there are growing numbers of emergent bilinguals. Interest in these learners has encouraged research and publications, but most of this research has centered on the students themselves and the politics surrounding their education. Publications featuring the research of teacher educators preparing teachers to work with EBLs in schools are much needed. Teacher educators must know how to help inservice teachers provide effective instruction to the increasing number of linguistically diverse students in the schools.
American education in foreign perspectives : twentieth century essays
Classroom teachers' perceptions of ethical educational work
Intergenerational transfer of sabbath observance : how is religious tradition transferred to children among Finnish seventh-day adventists?
The social studies sourcebook : ideas for teaching in the elementary and middle school
How to raise children to be good people?
Comparative and international research in education : globalisation, context and difference
The challenges of health education : Finnish students' perceptions of how to cherish health
Field guide to the ethnological study of child life
Making the dream of a Sámi school come true : voices from the field
Meat quality and fatty acid profile of M. longissimus dorsi of growing bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions
The unconventional teacher and his peers : analyzing the educational ideologies of the teachers in Tohru Fujisawa's Great Teacher Onizuka manga
Neoliberalism, pedagogy, and human development  : exploring time, mediation and collectivity in contemporary schools
Design principles of educational virtual worlds for preschool children : a case study of JumpStart World Kindergarten's pedagogical methods
Learning for life : moral education theory and practice
Between man and man
Validity in educational & psychological assessment
Memoirs of a geisha
Adult learning in the digital age :  information technology and the learning society
The SAGE handbook of child research
School leadership challenges in the implementation of technical and vocational education curriculum in Ghana
Interchange : a journal of educational studies
Theories in Educational Psychology's purpose is to introduce readers to the pioneering educational psychology theories that continue to shape our understanding of the classroom learning environment, present support for the theories from perspectives in the current research literature, and share how these theoretical traditions have translated into effective teaching methods. Each chapter will be infused with practical teaching examples, classroom vignettes, and instructional strategies so readers are continually confronted with how theory translates to practice. In addition to becoming familiar with the conceptual understanding of core theoretical knowledge, readers will also be presented with current thinking about each theory and an introduction to important related topics at the close of each chapter. The chapters will also conclude with activities designed to help readers reflect on their learning of each chapter's content.
The objective of the present study was to compare the colour, chemical composition, meat quality and fatty acid profile of the longissimus dorsi (LD) muscle of growing bulls housed in an insulated tie-stall, an uninsulated barn or a forest paddock. Two housing experiments were conducted at the North Ostrobothnia Research Station of MTT Agrifood Research Finland in Ruukki (64°44'N, 25°15'E). The first experiment was conducted from November 1999 to October 2000 and comprised 30 Hereford bulls, the second from November 2000 to December 2001 with 30 Ayrshire bulls. In both experiments the bulls were divided into six groups of five animals according to live weight and the groups were randomly allotted to one of three treatments: tie-stall in an insulated barn (IB bulls, ten animals/individual stall), uninsulated barn (UB bulls, five animals/pen, two pens) and forest paddock (PAD bulls, five animals/paddock, two paddocks). Nine carcasses from experiment 1 (three/treatment) and twelve from experiment 2 (four/treatment) were randomly selected for meat quality analyses. After slaughter, the carcasses were cooled for 24h at 2 °C and LD samples were taken by complete cross-section between the 12th and 13th ribs. The results were calculated across the two experiments and analysed as one data. There were no differences between housing environments in temperature or pH of the LD or meat moisture, fat or protein composition of the LD. Instead, the myoglobin content of the LD was 21% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). Between IB and UB bulls there was no difference in meat myoglobin content and there were no significant (p < 0.05) differences between housing environments in the colour of the LD. However, the muscle tended to be 6% lighter (L-value) in IB bulls than in PAD bulls (p = 0.09). There were no significant differences in shear force or sensory analysis (tenderness, juiciness, overall flavour) between treatments. The LD of the PAD bulls contained a higher proportion of 18:2 and 18:3 fatty acids compared to that of IB bulls (p < 0.05). There were no significant differences in the saturated fatty acid (SFA) or monounsaturated fatty acid proportions of the LD between treatments. Instead, the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) proportion of the LD was 34% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). The PUFA:SFA ratio was higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05) but there was no difference in the PUFA:SFA ratio between UB and IB bulls. In conclusion, there were no important effects of housing system on the meat quality characteristics of the LD, although according to meat fatty acid profiles, outdoor housed bulls produced meat with a higher PUFA:SFA ratio than tethered bulls in an insulated barn.
Evaluation of a separative rearing method of the mealworm beetle for protein production
Unplug your kids : a parent's guide to raising happy, active, and well-adjusted children in the digital age
Parenting and teaching the gifted
The fourth level of health literacy
This encyclopedia provides thorough, up-to-date coverage of key topics, concepts, and issues, as well as in-depth studies of national educational systems throughout the world. Articles examine education broadly and at all levels--from primary grades through higher education, formal to informal education, country studies to global organizations.
Forty years of Finnish pre-school education : the development of curricula between 1972 and 2000
Alternative American schools : ideals in action
"The dearest but the most infuriating" : how to raise a child with challencing temperament?
Psychology in education
Positive discipline : the first three years : from infant to toddler - laying the foundation for raising a capable, confident child
Cultural heritage education in senior secondary schools - a Finnish perspective
- Experience Matters - : teachers' perceptions of multicultural education and their competence to teach children from different cultural backgrounds
Serious games analytics
Varieties of thinking : essays from Harvard's Philosophy of Education Research Center
Action research : an educational leader's guide to school improvement
Handbook of research in education finance and policy
Can teachers teach children how to be moral? / Satu Uusiautti and Kaarina Määttä
Directory of educational research institutions = Répertoire des institutions de recherche en éducation = Repertorio de instituciones de investigaciones educacionales
The road to life : (an epic of education). Book 2
Attitude education : basics of attitude management and habit control
Multicultural education : A source book
Pedagogies of media and information literacies
Mean moms rule : why doing the hard stuff now creates good kids later
Balancing dilemmas in assessment and learning in contemporary education
General education in a free society : report of the Harvard Commitee ; with an introduction by James Bryant Conant
Moral education in school
This volume is the first authoritative reference work to provide a truly comprehensive international description and analysis of multicultural education around the world.
The Routledge international companion to multicultural education
Education, culture and values. Volume 6, Politics, education and citizenship
Teaching toward the 24th century : Star Trek as social curriculum
Education in America
The strawberry in North America : history, origin, botany, and breeding
Moral education through English 11-16
Practical methods of moral education
Handbook of the economics of education. Vol. 1
Models of moral education : an appraisal
Deaf around the world : the impact of language
The school of infancy
Academic freedom in an age of conformity : confronting the fear of knowledge
The university as an educational institution
Documents on social, moral and spiritual values in education
Pedagogy and ICT use in schools around the world : findings from the IEA SITES 2006 study
Education in morality
A new introduction to moral education
The continuum concept
Education and society : the geographer's view
The diversification of the educational field in Hungary
Education, economy, and society : a reader in the sociology of education
Great books of the Western World. 1, The great conversation : the substance of a liberal education
Perspectives from Singapore junior college students : what makes them good and smart?
Background - religious buildings
Safety education
Orthodox-lutheran intermarriage
On education : especially in early childhood
Yrittäjyyskasvatuspäivät Jyväskylässä 13.-14.9.2016 : abstraktit = Entrepreneurship Education Conference in Jyväskylä, 13th to 14th September 2016 : Theme: Entrepreneurship Education Praxis : conference abstracts
This Volume focuses on inclusive education for the less than 1 % of school-age population who have been diagnosed with Low-Incidence Disabilities and continue to be marginalized in many ways. This unique contribution provides a wide-range of perspectives on what works to facilitate inclusion in a variety of contexts. In many countries teachers are being asked to ensure that all of their students achieve, regardless of background or disability leaving many grappling with how to facilitate inclusion for learners with low-incidence disabilities. The first section of this text presents strategies and supports for inclusion. It offers the reader examples of good practices that practitioners can employ to improve teaching and learning in their school or classroom for these students and their families. The second section offers a range of international perspectives that illuminate the work being done related to inclusion for learners with low-incidence disabilities within those contexts. This important book highlights the need to include learners with low-incidence disabilities and provides information related to supports and services to achieve that goal across a variety of contexts.
Ten commandments in a child's everyday life: a tool for an educator to support a child's moral development
This book presents a collection of statistical methods and procedures to assess data coming from educational systems. The topics examined include: statistical methods for constructing composite indicators, applied measurements, assessment of educational systems, measurement of the performance of the students at Italian universities, and statistical modeling for questionnaire data. Other issues are the implications of introducing different assessment criteria and procedures to the Italian university system.
Potential yield, return, and tree diversity of managed, uneven-aged Douglas-fir stands
Handbook of the economics of education. Vol. 2
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Forest act habitats : Finnish woodland key habitats amid the intensive forestry
Physics education
Childhood education
"This book addresses major issues regarding technology for young children, providing a holistic portrait of technology and early childhood education from the views of practitioners in early childhood education, instructional design technology, special education, and mathematics and science education"--Provided by publisher.
Central issues in moral and ethical education
Abstract.
Journal of Early Childhood Education Research
Personality traits between puberty and adolescence : their relationships, development and constancy with reference to their relation to school achievement
The power of media in education : NBE 2007 Conference
Education and the concept of mental health
Moral education...it comes with the territory
Somali parents' experiences of bringing up children in Finland : exploring social-cultural change within migrant households
Moral education : theory and application
Cultural heritage cooperation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 5 / editor Helena Edgren ; co-editor and co-ordinator Marianne Lehtimäki
Child development and the use of technology : perspectives, applications and experiences
21st century education : a reference handbook. Volume 1
Teaching strategies for elementary school social studies
The sociology of education
Investing in home-preschool collaboration for understanding social worlds of multilingual children
Educating the gifted : an axiomatic approach
Multicultural education : a cross cultural training approach
Economics of education
The presented past : heritage, museums and education
This authoritative Handbook takes its lead from a number of key assumptions on the subject of research methods for child-related research. These include, to name but a couple of examples: the importance of recognising the significance of the different contexts in which children find themselves in determining the nature of appropriate research methods, and the importance of having clear ethical guidelines and standards governing the research activities of those involved in research on and with children. Accommodating basic principles such as these, this handbook aims to provide researchers, practitioners and scholars with an interest in undertaking research with children with a comprehensive and definitive manual. The book is divided into three parts, to allow for ease of navigation of the thematic structure: * Part I: Setting-Specific Issues in Child Research * Part II: Population-Specific Issues in Child Research * Part III: Methods in Research on Children and Childhood.
The ABC of gender equality in education : aptitude, behaviour, confidence
Promotion of consciousness of environmental aesthetics : aesthetic training for those with environmental responsibilities
Eruditio - Educatio
Class, codes and control. Volume 4, The structuring of pedagogic discourse
Two aims of social education : a global / communitarian perspective on securing human survival
School science review
Service-learning and social entrepreneurship in higher education : a pedagogy of social change
Teaching right and wrong : moral education in the balance
Soviet education : Anton Makarenko and the years of experiment
International handbook of research in arts education
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
Parents of gifted students have often experienced the frustration of trying to get an appropriate education for their children in public and private schools. Teachers have equally experienced the frustration of trying to educate these students due to classroom demands. Over the past two decades, Callard-Szulgit has accumulated well over 1,000 questions asked by parents in her gifted parenting classes, her graduate students of gifted education, education colleagues, and gifted students themselves. This user-friendly book offers common sense and educationally informative answers to the questions and dilemmas that parents and teachers seek. This book will be of interest to all who seek a fair and equitable education for the gifted.
Self, community, world : Moravian education in a transatlantic world
Worship and the modern child : a book for parents, clergy, and teachers
Education, culture and values. Volume 4, Moral education and pluralism
The development of higher education in Eastern and Southern Africa
Art and design strengthened by Northern cultures
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Teaching for active citizenship : research insights from the fields of teaching moral values and personal epistemology in early years classrooms
Ten Commandments in a Child's Everyday Life : A tool for an Educator to Support a Child's Moral Development
Tradition and future of Islamic education
The right to learn : the struggle for education in South Africa
Ethical perspectives on Sámi school research
Education and the good life
How to teach about values : an analytic approach
Arts Education in Namibian Schools
Action research : principles and practice
Great kids : Helping your baby and child develop the ten essential qualities for a happy, healthy life
Kiss me! : How to raise your children with love
U.S. education in crisis
Childhood studies and the impact of globalization : policies and practices at global and local levels
Beyond equality and difference : pedagogical implications in a multicultural and multilingual society
Education and mental health
Economic and social aspects of educational planning
The moral education project ... annual report
Educational reforms in South Africa : the role of the teachers in the implementation of educational reforms in post apartheid South Africa 1994-2008
