http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4777 heating (spaces)
heating (spaces)
Heat pumps for the home
Shop manual for automotive heating and air conditioning
Eco house manual
Ashrae handbook : heating, ventilating, and air-conditioning : applications
Practical heating technology
Modern diesel technology : heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration
The purpose of this graduation thesis was to study the operational principles of a ship air conditioning system, as well as the rules and related requirements. In addition, the system design related dimensioning calculations and principles were considered. This graduation thesis was commissioned by Foreship Ltd and will become a standard design guideline for the HVAC department. Furthermore, it will also be applied to other air conditioning related projects as well as being educational material for new employees. The air conditioning design of a new building cruise ship is divided into several phases. At the very beginning of the project, the air conditioning supplier prepares the DI & I drawings for the classification approvals. The second step is the basic design phase when the single line diagrams are prepared by the air conditioning supplier. The third and final design a phase is detail design when all earlier phase information is collected into the very detailed installation drawings and prefabrication drawings This graduation thesis focuses on the DI & I and basic design. The air conditioning system of a cruise ship operates in very challenging climates due to the high temperature and high humidity in the outdoor areas.The graduation thesis presents the air treatment process starting from air intakes through the air handling unit into the served space. The graduation thesis is also a starting point for a standardization project of Foreship Ltd HVAC department. The future target is to produce similar guidelines for the accommodation piping related systems as well.
Direct digital control of building systems : theory and practice
Extended abstracts
Microwave dephosphorisation of high phosphorus iron ores of the Aswan region, Egypt:developing a novel process for high phosphorus iron ore utilization
Joint program on bed agglomeration and fouling in petroleum coke fired fluidized bed combustion : result report of sintering tests
Natural Home Heating : the Complete Guide to renewable Energy Options
Development Possibilities in Municipal Energy Sector in Russia
Principles of heating ventilating and air conditioning : a textbook with design data based on the 2013 ASHRAE handbook fundamentals
Delivering sustainable buildings : an industry insider's view
My diploma project's main aim was to design and compare three different kinds of heating systems and design a mechanical ventilation system. After comparing these options it is possible to renovate the house according to my plans and choose the best option.  I made my comparing depending on the last year's electricity bill and the fact that 4 m³ of piled wood was bought in the beginning of the year 2013 and burned during the year.  I compared investment costs and their efficiencies for a longer period.  Two of my options were working with a geothermal pump but the distribution was different and the third one was an air source heat pump. To all of these options an air supply unit with HRV was included. I found out that in this object the option with air source heat pump would be the best because of the low investment cost and the efficiency is still quite close to the other options.  When the time will come for a renovation I have now a plan for the ventilation and I can decide the heating system relying on my diploma project.  Key words: Heating, ventilation, energy efficiency.
Development possibilities in municipal energy sector in Russia
The rocket mass heater builder's guide : complete step-by-step construction, maintenance and troubleshooting
Microwave heating uniformity of multicomponent prepared foods
Home Automation : Smart home technology and template house design
The effect of artificial heating on winter survival and turf quality of selected varietes of Poa pratensis L.
Customer based pellet business at Vapo Oy
Proceedings
Cooling and heating : load calculation manual
Kotimaisen polttoaineen tulisijat pientaloissa : koko maan kattava inventointi vuonna 1988 = Heating devices fired by indigenous fuels as used in detached houses in Finland : a nation-wide inventory conducted in 1988
Klima in Museen und historischen Gebäuden: Die Temperierung = Climate in museums and historical buildings: tempering : Michael Kotterer ... [et al.]
Best Finnish practices on joint construction of infrastructure networks : examples of coordinated construction of transport infrastructure, water supply networks and electricity and telecommunications cables in Finland
Quantitative analysis of PM10 emission sources in Härmälä small combustion area
Low-energy residential housing. Part 3
Environmental science in building
Green remodeling : your start toward an eco-friendly home
A handbook on low-energy buildings and district-energy systems : fundamentals, techniques and examples
Heating and cooling of buildings : design for efficiency
The Rehva European HVAC Journal
An ARMAX-model approach for estimating static heat flows in buildings : a method for computerised energy allocation systems
Solar and Heat Pump Systems for Residential Buildings
The impact of air tightness of the building envelope on the efficiency of ventilation systems with heat recovery
Energy-wise landscape design : a new approach for your home and garden
Decision-making process of internationalization : Canadian water heater markets
Coal-fired Sauna Stove for Vietnamese Markets
Optimal control of greenhouse cultivation
The customer of this project is Planora Ltd, which is primarily an energy planning company with knowledge and experience in the entire energy field, including industrial planning, project management and consulting activities. The aim of this thesis is to compare programs for designing district heating networks, GIS Zulu and Termis. The particular aim is to perform the hydraulic calculations of Prääsä district heating network in GIS Zulu and Termis and then to compare the results and process of calculations. The research is carried out with taking into account the requirements for designing district heating networks and software used in the territory of Russia. The comparative analysis presents the features and possibilities of GIS Zulu and Termis. This thesis introduces the GIS Zulu program to Planora Ltd in comparison with Termis currently used in the customer company. Also, the thesis might be used by companies that want to use their programs in the Russian market, as the thesis contains the requirements for software.
Sun in action : the solar thermal market a strategic plan for action in Europe : final report
Swedish district heating systems and a harmonised European energy market : means to reduce global carbon emissions
Fault diagnosis methods for district heating substations
Building services handbook
Commissioning of heating systems
ASHRAE handbook. 2004, Heating, ventilating, and air-conditioning systems and equipment
Low-energy residential housing. Part 2
The building level substation : the innovation of district heating system
Comparison of heat pump system and boiler plant for one-family house : Heat sources in one-family house
Groundwater as an energy resource in Finland
Heating, ventilating, and air conditioning : analysis and design
Solar engineering of thermal processes
A design guideline for a cruise ship air conditioning system
Electrical heater for charge air conditioning on a research engine
Building services engineering
Energy efficiency in focus : REHVA workshops at Clima 2007 : Helsinki, Finland 10-14 June 2007
Development of emulation methods
Thermal performance of buildings : calculation of energy use for space heating and cooling : draft international standard
Home sweet zero energy home : what it takes to develop great homes that won't cost anything to heat, cool or light up, without going broke or crazy
Heat pumps can heat a building by 'pumping' heat from either the ground or the air outside: an intriguing process which utilizes principles that are somewhat analogous to those employed in the domestic refrigerator. This title presents the necessary knowledge to take advantage of this potentially low-carbon technology to heat their properties.
Optimization of quench protection heater performance in high-field accelerator magnets through computational and experimental analysis
Integrating building design properties "air tightness" and ventilation heat recovery for minimum heating energy consumption in cold climates
District heating systems in Finland and Russia
ASHRAE handbook : 1996 heating, ventilating, and air conditioning systems and equipment
Environmental control principles : a textbook supplement to the ASHRAE handbook 1985 fundamentals volume
REMOTE CONTROLLED CAR HEATER USING A RASPBERRY PI
Determination of heating energy saving potential in residential sector in Russia, while emplementing Finnish technological solutions
Air Conditioning : A practical introduction
Stochastic modeling and operational optimization in district heating systems
The management of maintenance and engineering systems in the hospitality industry
Modelling methods for energy in buildings
Demonstrating a fault diagnostic method in an automated, computer-controlled HVAC process
The energy saving house
Heating technology
A heating system for small premises
Energy in Finland
Kylmä+ : design and operation of integrated cooling and heating systems in regions and building - Kylmä+ : project report
Inglise-eesti-vene soojustehnika sõnastik = English-Estonian-Russian heat engineering dictionary
Hydraulic network simulation
Nordtest method. NT VVS
Puupellettien käyttö kiinteistöjen lämmityksessä = Use of wood pellets in heating residential buildings
Low-energy residential housing
International symposium on simple ventilation and heating methods for greenhouses in mild winter houses, Djerba-Tozeur-Tunisia, February 28-March 6, 1988
Demand for waste incineration in the Swedish district heating sector : a production function approach
Peat heat for Finland
Building optimization and fault diagnosis source book
Summary.
A Feasibility Study of Process Steam Sourcing for District Heating Accumulators
Regional Workshop on Stoves used for Space Heating and Cooking at Different Altitudes and/by Ethnic Groups : Pokhara, Nepal, 12-16 February 1996.
To the rehabilitation strategy of district heating in economies in transition
Building physics in the Nordic countries : proceeding of the 4th symposium. Vol. 1
Ashrae handbook : applications
Solar building
Fire & light in the home pre-1820
Ship air conditioning : basis of design and calculation
ASHRAE pocket guide for air conditioning, heating, ventilation, refrigeration
Heat transfer applications for the practicing engineer
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions : characterization and comparison to other combustion units
Energy efficiency at Mapromec
Overwintering container seedlings using underground heat
Solar energy perspectives
Plans for ventitalion and comparison of new heating systems for an old house
Remote control of district heating valves : Commissioning of actuator valves with Modbus
Ensuring the long service life of unheated buildings : evaluation methods to avoid moisture damage in unheated buildings
Choosing a new heating energy source : case study Housing Cooperative Pakkalankulma
Environmental Science in Building covers the science, technology and services that relate to the comfort of humans and the environmental performance of buildings. This popular text is designed to be useful, at all levels, to students and practitioners of architecture, construction studies, building services, surveying, and environmental science. This edition has been thoroughly updated and the contents reorganised to ensure optimum presentation and understanding of topics. The contents include: climate and the built, environment, human environmental comfort, insulation and energy use in buildings, air control in buildings, artificial and natural lighting, noise control and sound insulation, electricity generation and supply, water supplies and waste water treatment, carbon and energy management in construction, resource conservation and sustainability in construction, sick buildings and green buildings. Key features are: Clear and accessible text layout for ease of use, Clear explanations of principles and technologies, Up-to-date practice and world-wide trends incorporated, Minimum prior knowledge of science and mathematics assumed, Worked examples displayed and explained step-by-step, Large resource sections of supporting information and references.
HVAC planning of a townhouse : HVAC plans made abroad for another member of the family business
Low temperature heating and high temperature cooling : embedded water based surface heating and cooling systems
Total hydronic balancing : a handbook for design and troubleshooting of hydronic HVAC systems
"Around the world, countries and companies are investing in solar generation capacity on an unprecedented scale, and, as a consequence, costs continue to fall and technologies improve. This publication gives an authoritative view of these technologies and market trends, in both advanced and developing economies, while providing examples of the best and most advanced practices.  It also provides a unique guide for policy makers, industry representatives and concerned stakeholders on how best to use, combine and successfully promote the major categories of solar energy: solar heating and cooling, photovoltaic and solar thermal electricity, as well as solar fuels." --
Energy consumption of test buildings
Faber and Kell's heating and air-conditioning of buildings
Energy saving projects connected to the build environment in Baltic countries : seminar report
"A textbook with design data based on the 2013 ASHRAE handbook of fundamentals"--
Heat Utilization and Consumption in Research Laboratory Building
Proceedings of the IVth International Symposium on Models for Plant Growth, Environmental Control and Farm Management in Protected Cultivation : HORTIMODEL 2012 : Nanjing, China November 4-8, 2012
Introduction to the concept of exergy : for a better understanding of low-temperature-heating and high-temperature-cooling systems
Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning (HVAC)control systems are omnipresent in modern buildings. This book is an introduction to all those involved in the specification, design, manufacture, installation, operation or maintainance of these systems. The book explains: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams. Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications.The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols .DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning After completing this course, you will understand: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams.Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications. The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols. DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning.
Possibilities for solar power in a community : Usage of solar panels in Ruusutarha allotment gardening
An engineering model for heating energy and emission assessment : the case of North Karelia, Finland
Residential geothermal systems : heating and cooling using the ground below
The object of this thesis was to examine the design principles of ship air conditioning systems in accommodation spaces regarding the standardized dimensioning, and to create a design tool that suits for this purpose with Microsoft Excel 2010. In order to give the reader a general overview of the subject, the beginning of this thesis concentrates on introducing general air conditioning systems onboard and various components related to them. After this, the basis of calculation for ship air conditioning regarding heat loads and air quantities is presented. The dimensioning of air conditioning systems is based on the international standard ISO 7547:2002, which is generally used in ship building projects. The created design tool functions according to the standard`s specifications and formulas. As the outcome of this thesis, a complete design tool is introduced. It enables a faster and more consistent way of performing heat load and air quantity calculations, and reporting to clients. The thesis was made as an assignment of Foreship Ltd.
Design of thermal systems
The in vitro toxicological effects of particulate emissions from small- and medium-scale heating systems
Planning and installing solar thermal systems : a guide for installers, architects, and engineers
Comparison of programs for designing district heating networks : comparative analysis of GIS Zulu and Termis
Advances in building energy research
Heating, piping, air conditioning engineering
International patent classification. Vol. 3, Sections E and F
A guide to sustainable architecture including its features such as sustainable energy, sustainable building materials, building placement and more
Improvement of energy efficiency and municipal energy systems in Russia has been a goal for a number of different development projects. Most of the projects have been aimed to achieve better energy efficiency with some technical improvements. But the energy efficiency and quality of energy services has improved very little if at all. It is essential to understand the importance of the whole energy system and system level planning. Most of the energy losses and lowered efficiency as well as poor quality have been caused in system level. It is impossible to achieve the good results with increased quality of some independent equipment. This is because most of the losses and inefficiency is caused on system level planning errors and poor quality systems.     The overall efficiency in municipal energy systems is very high in Finland. District heating is an important part of the municipal or regional energy system. Almost 50 % of space heating in Finland is made by district heating. The share of combined heat and power production increased already during 1970s and 1980s when district heating in largest cities in Finland was growing very fast. Suitable amount of heat load is an essential requirement for combined heat and power production. In Finland about 75 % of district heat is produced in combined heat and power production plants for several years. Combined heat and power production also helps to decrease CO2 emissions in energy sector.     Having high quality norms and recommendations as well as high quality components does not guarantee high quality, reliability and a long lasting system. First, there is a need for a new design philosophy and for the optimisation of heat production. After that, there is a huge need for quality control systems in the Russian district heating. Particularly in the district heating network, this kind of system is needed. There will be a need for a quality management system in the norm or in other higher levels. Some parts of the quality system can be organized by the manufacturers or the district heating company's own quality management system. In some parts, there will be a need for independent quality inspections to be made by authorized organizations to give official and   independent status.
This thesis examines and presents planning of HVAC systems for a new townhouse. It  is a description of what I made and why I made it this way. First I planned a radon removal which is set mandatory by law in Finland. Then I planned sewer systems. As well as radon removal, some parts of sewer systems are under the ground so they needed to be planned first. The construction was already in the progress when I finished my last drawings.  After these I planned the ventilation, water supply and heating. My target was to make all systems reasonable in the price in relation to the use costs without forgetting the resale value. Other important factors when planning the systems were energy efficiency, user-friendly result and to reach the smartest way to build them.  The building is a town house. Two of its sides are connected to houses next to it.  However all the building services are unique. This has an effect on some things in the planning compared to a traditional family house. Townhouse is a new and uncommon way of building in Finland.  My brother is building the house of the project and my father has been an entrepreneur in the construction industry for more than 25 years. Before this project he has always ordered all the HVAC plans from an external author. My brother is a recently graduated carpenter. I'm doing the HVAC plans first time outside my summer job place or school.  This project is an interesting new formulation of our family company. This project is made abroad without visiting the construction side or meeting any stakeholders face to face. Key words: heating, ventilation, water supply, radon removal, sewer systems.
Heat and mass transfer in building services design
Museums, environment, energy : a publication of the Museums & Galleries Commission with the support of the Energy Efficiency Office
Factors potentially affecting the hearing of petroleum industry workers
Energy efficient, smart and healthy buildings : REHVA Workshops at CLIMA 2013 Prague, Czech Republic, 17-19 June 2013
Dynamic mobile home
Industrial ecology in the North Karelia region in Finland : scenarios for heating energy supply
Construction methods, materials, and techniques
Conservation of cultural property, Indoor climate. 1, Guidelines for heating churches, chapels and other places of worship
Building physics in the Nordic countries : Building Physics '96, Espoo, Finland, September 9-10, 1996 : proceedings of the 4th symposium. Vol. 2.
Heating system based on heat pump technology for water treatment plant
Building and HVAC system performance in practice: REHVA Workshops at CLIMA 2016 Aalborg, Denmark, 22-25 May 2016
Norwegian wood : chopping, stacking and drying wood the Scandinavian way
Environment control for animals and plants
The visual handbook of building and remodeling : a comprehensive guide to choosing the right materials and systems for every part of your home
Home sanitation : a manual for housekeepers
A linear programming energy and environment model for space heating
A numerical multivariate approach to optimization of photovoltaic solar low energy building designs
Feasibility of sustainable approach in thermal renovation of existing prefabricated concrete panel building in Bulgaria
Characterization of biomass ashes
Principles of heating, ventilating, and air conditioning : a textbook based on the 1993 Ashrae handbook-fundamentals
How to reduce the CO2 emission on existing dwelling in the Netherlands with profitable invesments?
Heating Systems in Finland and China
Heating with wood chips : chip-burning equipment for central heating
Total hydronic balancing : a handbook for design and trouble-shooting of hydronic HVAC systems
The eco living handbook : a complete green guide for your home and life
PM10 means particulate matter where each particle has a diameter of 10 μm or less. PM10 not only  correlates strongly with residents' disease, cancer and death, but is also relevant to global climate  change, atmospheric photochemical smog, acid deposition and ozone depletion and other major issues.  (赵琦,2007: 4)  This investigation was implemented by Tampere University of Applied Sciences and Environmental  Services of Tampere during May 2009. The area for the experiment was HÄRMÄLÄ. This final thesis will  concentrate on one specific week's data from May 11th to May 17th 2009.  After analysing it, we will predicate possible reasons which lead to PM10 pollution in order to improve  measurement methods and also improve the software and applications in the ELPI (Electrical Low  Pressure Impactor) machine. However, we collected and organized half a year's data.  In our project, we analyzed the mass concentration of PM10 measured by ELPI (Electrical Low Pressure  Impactor) affected by the number of combustion sources( sauna and wood heating as well as other  heating methods) in different blocks in the HÄRMÄLÄ area.  The data handling processes mainly require a high standard of Excel graphical presentation skills. And it  also needs innovation methods with a knowledge of physics, math, and software skills. All the data  handling processes in my thesis use Excel and other software tools instead of a calculator. So the  results are quite accurate. The appendix will not be published, because the information is confidential.  Due to limited time, there might be mistakes and errors. I appreciate that the reader could provide advice  and suggestions. And I would like to discuss any topic related to my final thesis.  My email address: zhouyou1227@hotmail.com
Removal of Co2 from flue gases using magnesium silicates in Finland
A local heating system using wood fuel from farms
Heat exchangers for heating and sanitary applications : a technical handbook from SWEP
Fundamentals of HVAC control systems
Sustainable Thermal Storage Systems : Planning Design and Operations
