http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p477 personnel selection
personnel selection
War for talent - Recruitment within the financial services provider Company X
The Oxford handbook of recruitment
The psychology of personnel selection : a quality approach
Recruitment, training and development : incomes data services
Staffing organizations : contemporary practice and theory
Online recruiting and selection : innovations in talent acquisition
Recruiting and training proposal : case RetailWise Finland
People resourcing : HRM in practice
Winning the talent wars
Lessons in excellence from Charlie Trotter
The entrepreneur's guide to hiring and building the team
Organizational entry
Every company these days, regardless of the field of business they operate in, is looking for the most talented employees. They also strive to get the best possible results from their recruiting process by attracting and recruiting the best talents. At the same time they want the process to be cost-efficient and relatively quick. Traditionally-used recruiting methods include advertising in different newspapers and magazines, as well as word-of-mouth recruiting. The Internet has become a new channel for recruiting; it's open 24 hours a day, seven days week. Nowadays companies are also increasingly planning their recruitment strategies in ways so that both the print media and the Internet support each other in this process. This thesis focuses on a comparison of recruitment communication and strategies of the three largest law firms in Finland; Castrén & Snellman, Hannes Snellman and Roschier. As all three are in direct competition with each other, the main focus is on analyzing their online recruiting communications and marketing. Emphasis is also given to an examination of the overall recruiting process and if the companies' internal marketing strategies become clear from looking at their homepages. This research does not examine advertising in the print media; it looks only at online recruiting. The primary objective set for this research was to find out how each company has utilized the possibilities offered by the Internet, as well as too see how these companies differ in their online communication and to find out if perhaps the law firms are not as homogenous in their external communications as is commonly thought.
A Survey of Employees' Perception and Satisfaction at the Integration Phase of Cross-border Acquisition
Recruitment and selection of foreign workers in Canadian SMEs and suggestions to cope with the labour shortage
Managing people : a practical guide for front-line managers
Destination profit : creating people-profit opportunities in your organization
Fairness in employee selection
Recruitment Consulting Markets of Russia
Human resource management : theory & practice
Psychological testing for managers : a complete guide to using and surviving 19 popular recruitment and career development tests
Human resource management : a contemporary perspective
How to pass verbal reasoning tests
Expectations and challenges facing HR service providers in outsourcing recruitment and selection activities in Ghana
Internship as a recruitment channel of foreign business degree students in Finland
Recruiting and selecting creative staff in four advertising agencies in Finland and Germany
The theory and practice of systematic personnel selection
Social media in employee selection and recruitment : theory, practice, and current challenges
Recruitment and selection : a framework for success
Work in the 21st century : an introduction to industrial and organizational psychology
People as merchandise : crack the code to LinkedIn recruitment
Term length and the quality of appointments
Human resource management : impact of recruitment process and job attribute on job choice
It's not the how or the what but the who : succeed by surrounding yourself with the best
Make your people before you make your products : using talent management to achieve competitive advantage in global organizations
Management skills : making the most of people
Recruiting, interviewing, selecting & orienting new employees
Human resource consulting market in Moscow : case: Talentor Group
Effectiveness of eMarketing in employee selection / case Freight forwarders in Australia, Canada and the United Kingdom
Personnel selection and development
75 ways for managers to hire, develop, and keep great employees
Human resource management
Competency-based recruitment and selection
A framework for human resource management
Handbook of employee engagement : perspectives, issues, research and practice
The impresario's ten commandments : continental recruitment for Italian opera in London, 1763-64
The Globalization of executive search : professional services strategy and dynamics in the contemporary world
Hunt for the new CEO : a review of the selection process
Age matters : employing, motivating and managing older employees
Internet recruitment and employer branding on the company internet recruitment site
Hiring and keeping the best people
Human resources management for effective schools
Human resource management : a critical text
Wide-angle vision : beat your competition by focusing on fringe competitors, lost customers and rogue employees
Work processes and quality in the field of staff recruitment
Assistentiksi valikoituminen = Assistentrekryteringen = Assistant teacher recruitment in higher education
How to recruit
Employee recruitment, selection, and assessment : contemporary issues for theory and practice
On staffing : advice and perspectives from HR leaders
Study guide to accompany : Supervision in the hospitality industry
Personnel selection : a theoretical approach
Interview others : how to spot the perfect candidate
The professional recruiter's handbook : delivering excellence in recruitment practice
Use of technology in the recruitment process : Norwegian and Polish HR market trends
Fundamentals of human resource management
Personnel selection is changing. Whilst traditional face-to-face interviews are still common, the range of assessment processes that inform the selection of candidates is increasingly diverse, taking advantage not only of new technologies, but also using new methods and strategies, such as assessment centres and personality testing. This new collection looks at the most important contemporary issues in recruitment, selection and assessment today, highlighting the latest research from the perspective of both recruiter and applicant.
The thesis studies recruitment and centralised recruitment. The aim of the study is to investigate what type of recruitment process models or process model parts Kesko Group should apply and why. Kesko Group's Corporate HR is currently studying different recruitment model options in order to develop their recruitment model which at the moment is decentralised. Kesko Group's development need leans toward centralised recruitment but also decentralised processes and process models are being considered. The theoretical framework focuses on describing a recruitment process in general and concepts related to centralised recruitment, such as outsourcing, HR service centres and recruitment quality measures. The aspect of employer branding and its connection to recruitment are also discussed. Moreover, the study aims to take into consideration other research related to the field of recruitment, such as the influence of the economy on recruitment and recruitment difficulties in the service industry. The framework was built by studying human resource and recruitment literature and existing recruitment research. The empirical study was conducted in qualitative research by interviewing corporate recruitment managers at ISS Services and Itella Corporation. The interviews were face- to face interviews in which the interviewees answered open- ended questions sent to them before hand. The interview results indicated that both companies that, similar to Kesko Group, recruit mostly customer service personnel have some level of centralised recruitment. The conducted study supports Kesko Corporation's plans to develop Kesko Group's recruitment by centralising recruitment operations. Based on the research Kesko Corporation should consider implementing a centralised recruitment model or recruitment model parts managed by non outsourced recruitment consultants. This would support ensuring the acquirement of professional workforce in a cost efficient manner that would also support employer branding.
Industrial and organizational psychology : research and practice
A manual of staff management in the hotel and catering industry
Personnel selection : adding value through people - a changing picture
Passing psychometric tests : know what to expect and get the job you want
Promoting HR House Group Oy to potential Russian - speaking employees
Human resource management : an experiential approach
Assessment and selection in organizations : methods and practice for recruitment and appraisal
Bad lies in business : the commonsense guide to detecting deceit in negotiations, interviews and investigations
Human resource management in a global context : a critical approach
Analysing catering operations
Deception in selection : interviewees and the psychology of deceit
Crash course in library supervision : meeting the key players
Developing Kesko Group's recruitment processes or process models by using theory and benchmarking
Viking gets the most wanted : always
Organizational entry : recruitment, selection, orientation, and socialization of newcomers
Abstract.
Winning the talent war : a strategic approach to attracting, developing and retaining the best people
Individual assessment : as practiced in industry and consulting
Attracting the young employee : Analysis of factors influencing the choice of  future workplace of IT students
Personnel selection : adding value through people
Human resource management and recruiting in an international organisation : case: Nordea Oy
Human resource management : a managerial perspective
The Oxford handbook of personnel psychology
Human resources policies and journalist recruitment at Capital Women newspaper in Vietnam
The rare find : how great talent stands out
Recruitment and selection : management extra
How to hire a champion : insider secrets to find, select, and keep great employees
Alternative workforce strategies
Successful interviewing and recruitment
This thesis first presents HR House Group Oy, a temporary staffing and recruitment service. The company is targeting potential Russian-speaking employees. Hence the researcher works on marketing the organization to the future employees. The thesis is about marketing management. It focuses on branding the company in order to get a totally new employee segment. The researcher is involved in the recruitment processes of the company. The study helps to understand how the whole system works. Both marketing and HR (Human Resouces) departments are involved in the analysis, but the main focus is on marketing. The theoretical part deals with marketing communication and integrated marketing communication. Promotion is described in more detail with the help of social events and job fairs that the company participated in. Using social media and the Internet web pages are some of the other branding tools that are discussed in the thesis. Moreover, the marketing of the company is presented from the international and cultural points of view. The research is based on a quantitative methods. An online-survey and open questions were used to gather data. Online surveys offered multiple-choice answers and supplementary questions required open answers. Some thirty people participated in both of the data collection types. The respondents were chosen very carefully. All of them have dissimilar professions, education and therefore contrary opinions and attitudes towards employement in Finland. However there is one very important thing they all have in common: they all speak Russian. Their answers help to define both challenges and advantages of getting jobs in Finland for a Russian-speaking job hunter and help to understand where people look for jobs. As a result, their point of views help to find the right approach toward potential employees from the company's perspective.
Managing human resources
The professional recruiter ́s handbook : delivering excellence in recruitment practice
On-line recruiting of Finnish companies : comparison on ten Finnish companies and their methods of recruiting in the Internet
Supervision in the Hospitality Industry
Staffing organizations
Recruitment and Selection of international professionals : case company X
Recruiting and training new personnel : case company Bank X
An introduction to human resource management
Working in Silicon Valley : economic and legal analysis of a high-velocity labor market
Recruiting Chinese employees for Finnish companies: case: Eu-Sino
Developing information leaders : harnessing the talents of generation X
Recruiting and selecting employees for export tasks of Finnish industrial companies in Turku region
Strategic staffing
A study of the factors that attract job seekers to professional service firms : implications for employer branding
How to open a financially successful bed & breakfast or small hotel; with companion CD-ROM
Executive search, headhunting, is now one of the archetypal new knowledge intensive professional services, as well as a labor market intermediary bound up with globalization. In this book, the authors examine the key actors in the process of executive search globalizatio-- leading global firms--and offer an interpretation of the forces producing the contemporary organizational strategies of global executive search. The Globalization of Executive Search documents the forms of institutional work that have legitimated the role of executive in elite labor markets and created demand for the services of global firms; this exposes not only the changing geographies of executive search, but also how executive search has established itself as a new knowledge intensive professional service. The authors reveal how the globalization of executive search is exemplary of the processes by which a range of new knowledge intensive professional services have come to be globally recognized, approaching the heart of contemporary capitalism"-- "This book examines the globalization of executive search. After examining the changing geographies of global executive search firms, the book uses the case of executive search to document the institutional work involved in legitimating, globalizing and creating demand for the services of new knowledge intensive professional services"--
Assessment methods in recruitment, selection & performance : a manager's guide to psychometric testing, interviews and assessment centres
Supervision in the hospitality industry
Recruiting for high offices in the central administration : seminar organized by the Swedish National Section of the International Institute of Administrative Sciences in Stockholm and Uppsala, March 11-14, 1982 : general report and national reports = Le recrutement aux echelons superieurs de l'administration centrale : colloque organisé par la Section nationale suédoise de l'institut international des sciences administratives á Stockholm et Uppsala, les 11-14 mars 1982 : rapport général et rapports nationaux
Essentials of human resource management
Profitable food service management : thru recruitment and selection of employees
Brand identity in Finnish Higher Education Institutions
Assessment of job applicants through pre-screening and interviewing : a case study
Social media recruitment : how to successfully integrate social media into recruitment strategy
"In order to attract the right people into your organization despite a global shortfall of talented candidates, new methods are now needed to reach future talent. Social media needs to become a vital part of any recruitment strategy. Social Media Recruitment combines practical guidance with case studies and insights from industry thought leaders to provide a full understanding of what social media means for HR and recruitment and how to successfully integrate and use it. It covers the essentials from the beginning to the end of the process, including employer branding, interviewing and onboarding, and how to assess the ROI of the social media recruitment strategy. Ideal for all HR and recruitment professionals, and anyone responsible for talent strategy, this practical guide focuses on devising and implementing a social media recruitment strategy that works for your organization and is aligned with your recruitment objectives"--
Effective recruitment and training in bank insurance department of a fast-growing insurance company : case study of Sunshine Life Insurance Co. Ltd. Hubei Branch
Staff recruitment, retention, & training strategies for community human services organizations
Employment service companies ability to meet customer expectations
Human resources policies and journalist recruitment at Capital Women in Vietnam
Online recruiting : comparison of Finland's leading law offices
Web services as an additional marketing tool for a recruitment company : a survey and the improvements from a job applicant's point of view in Finland
The role of psychological assesments in recruitment process : market research on companies' views towards psychological assesments
"Succeed by mastering the art of the who Why surround yourself with the best? Because it matters-in all aspects of life. In fact, in professional environments, getting people right-what global leadership authority Claudio Fernandez-Araoz calls "the art of great; who' decisions"-marks the difference between success and failure. To thrive, you need to identify those with the highest potential, get them in your corner and on your team, and help them grow. Yet surprisingly very few of us are able to meet that challenge. This series of short and engaging essays outlines the obstacles to great "who" decisions and offers solutions to address them in a systematic way. Drawing from several decades of experience in global executive search and talent development, as well as the latest management and psychology research, Fernandez-Araoz offers wisdom and practical advice to improve the choices we make about employees and mentors, business partners and friends, top corporate leaders and even elected officials. The personal stories and cutting-edge studies described in the book will help you understand both your own failings and the external forces commonly at play in staffing decisions. The author shares concrete recommendations on how to select the best people, bring out their strengths, foster collective greatness in the groups you've assembled, and create not only better organizations but also a better society. Starting with the cases of Amazon pioneer Jeff Bezos and Brazilian tycoon Roger Agnelli and continuing with individual and corporate examples from around the world, Fernandez-Araoz paints a vivid picture of what great "who" decisions look like and presents a fresh and commanding argument about why they matter more than ever today. "--
Technology, outsourcing and transforming HR
The usage of temporary agencies' services by restaurant companies in Helsinki
Armstrong's essential human resource management practice : a guide to people management
Exemplary performance : benchmarking star performers for business results
