http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4771 alarm devices
alarm devices
A guide to fire safety management
This thesis is targeting to develop and engineer a burglar alarm system prototype using the software and hardware environment Arduino, which is originally manufactured by Smart Projects. The system under development provides a versatile theft inhibition hardware configuration for the holder of the system. It also provides vehicle localization enabling features in case of theft. In the final project, the aim is not to reach commercial benefit. The aim is to get familiar with software libraries and information offered by Arduino environment, GPS utilizing standard NMEA0183 and SIM900 with AT commands. This project examines burglar alarm system engineering from a commercially neutral point of view. Most of the sources have been published by companies, but without these essential resources it would be extremely complicated to engineer the software. In process of this final project, the functional requirements and hardware are defined. Then the embedded software is implemented. Finally, the achievements are explored and the final outcome is discussed. With the available resources for the project, it was feasible to create a project plan. The project plan describes how the burglar alarm system should work. A partial software was engineered and it was ready to use few AT commands. Also, the hardware design was put together. The GSM/GPRS Quadband module was assembled into the Arduino Mega 2560, and an anti-theft immobilizer relay was soldered into a circuit board. The PIR-sensor was acquired and connected to the Arduino Mega 2560.
Response of fire detectors to different smokes
Security manual
Visibility of exit signs and low-location lighting in smoky conditions
Fire protection systems
Mobility, technology and ageing in Central Europe
Handbook of loss prevention and crime prevention
Alarm systems : part 4: electromagnetic compability - product family standard: immunity requirements for components of fire, intruder, hold up, CCTV, access control and social alarm systems : SFS-EN 50130-4/A1
Fire protection : systems and response
Abstract :
Alarm systems : part 4: electromagnetic compability - product family standard: immunity requirements for components of fire, intruder, hold up, CCTV, access control and social alarm systems : SFS-EN 50130-4
"The Complete Guide to Physical Security gives readers a comprehensive understanding of modern-day physical security best practices. Employing both theory-based and real-world approaches, it examines general business principles as they relate to security. The book goes beyond the concepts of the three G's (guns, gates and guards) and instead explains the importance of physical security to accomplish the overall mission of the organization. The book enables security managers to develop a program that utilizes all security personnel's talents, emphasizing that the security team must work synergistically with all facets of the organization for the ultimate in protection and success"--
Fire prevention programs for museums / by Paul Baril
Retail crime, security, and loss prevention : an encyclopedic reference
Newnes electronic security systems pocket book
Construction methods, materials, and techniques
The effect of battery type and ambient temperature on the operation of warning flashers
Electronic security systems : a manager's guide to evaluating and selecting system solutions
Anomaly-based network intrusion detection systems : problems and challanges
Car Alarm System Engineered In Arduino Environment
Code on alarms and indicators, 1995.
Data collection and analysis of evacuation situations
Discovering identity and brand formation in a startup : a case exploration
The design and evaluation of physical protection systems
Electronic sensors for the evil genius
Car alarm system engineered in Arduino environment
Power supply to electronic systems and its contrl from a remote device
"From the Physical Security stand point; we are the gate keepers. We are the protectors of the organization from all threats; regardless if they are malicious, internal or environmental. We need to be ever vigilant and confident that the work we are doing will be regarded as a necessary operational function for the overall security and the protection of the asset; to include - employees, information and property. Protection of these three things is the cornerstone of our profession"--
Museum, archive, and library security
The performance of smoke detectors in computer rooms
The complete guide to physical security
