http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4775 heating systems
heating systems
Comparison of programs for designing district heating networks : comparative analysis of GIS Zulu and Termis
The passive solar house
Computational and experimental studies towards the optimal integration of photovoltaics in buildings
Ex AX lux : a selected history of building service technology
Wood pellet heating systems : the Earthscan expert handbook for planning, design and installation
Evaluating local and overall thermal comfort in buildings using thermal manikins
Computer aided operation of district heating system
Solar energy in buildings : thermal balance for efficient heating and cooling
Heat Utilization and Consumption in Research Laboratory Building
Solar home design manual for cool climates
Transparent thermal insulations (TIM) : performance properties
Building Services Engineering
Solar and Heat Pump Systems for Residential Buildings
Classroom manual for automotive heating and air conditioning
Modular district heating system MODiS
Adoption of innovation : wood pellet heating system in the renewable residential energy context
Analysis of energy efficient technologies used in residential buildings : Case study
Solar domestic water heating : the Earthscan expert handbook for planning, design, and installation
District heating and cooling
Choosing a new heating energy source : case study Housing Cooperative Pakkalankulma
Heat pumps for the home
The choice of heating systems and fuels by households in Finland
Demonstrations of electric heating systems : final report
Industrial ventilation design guidebook
Comparison of heat pump system and boiler plant for one-family house : Heat sources in one-family house
Solar technologies for buildings
Export promotion to France : case Veljekset Ala-Talkkari Oy (Ltd.)
The energy saving house
Domestic solar energy : a guide for the home owner
"Solar Domestic Water Heating is a comprehensive introduction to all aspects of solar domestic water heating systems. As fossil fuel prices continue to rise and awareness of climate change grows, interest in domestic solar water heating is expanding. Solar water heating technology is the most environmentally-friendly way to heat water. This fully-illustrated and easy-to-follow guide shows how domestic solar water heating systems work, the different types of systems, types of collectors, both flat plate and evacuated tube, types of storage tanks and other accessories. It also shows how systems are installed and explains how solar water heating can be integrated into existing water heating systems. Numerous examples from around the world have been included. The ideal guide for plumbers, heating engineers, builders and architects, housing and property developers, home owners and DIY enthusiasts, and anyone who needs a clear introduction to solar water heating technology."--Publisher's description.
Natural Home Heating : the Complete Guide to renewable Energy Options
Shop manual for automotive heating and air conditioning
Autonomous design systems (ADS) in HVAC field : synergetics-based approach
Heat and mass transfer in building services design
The pellet handbook : the production and thermal utilisation of pellets
The customer of this project is Planora Ltd, which is primarily an energy planning company with knowledge and experience in the entire energy field, including industrial planning, project management and consulting activities. The aim of this thesis is to compare programs for designing district heating networks, GIS Zulu and Termis. The particular aim is to perform the hydraulic calculations of Prääsä district heating network in GIS Zulu and Termis and then to compare the results and process of calculations. The research is carried out with taking into account the requirements for designing district heating networks and software used in the territory of Russia. The comparative analysis presents the features and possibilities of GIS Zulu and Termis. This thesis introduces the GIS Zulu program to Planora Ltd in comparison with Termis currently used in the customer company. Also, the thesis might be used by companies that want to use their programs in the Russian market, as the thesis contains the requirements for software.
Demonstrating a fault diagnostic method in an automated, computer-controlled HVAC process
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 6
Energy manual : sustainable architecture
Automotive heating and air conditioning
Handbook of energy engineering
A heating system for small premises
The handbook of biomass combustion and co-firing
Logistics and transportation study of Spanish suppliers for Talgo-Transtech Oy
Heating system based on heat pump technology for water treatment plant
Commissioning of heating systems
Fundamentals of HVAC control systems
How to stay under 10 mk a day and live like a Finn! : the ultimate guide to living, working and suriving in Finland
Planning and installing solar thermal systems : a guide for installers, architects, and engineers
The David & Charles Manual of stoves, hearths and chimneys
Determination of heating energy saving potential in residential sector in Russia, while emplementing Finnish technological solutions
Development of emulation methods
The rocket mass heater builder's guide : complete step-by-step construction, maintenance and troubleshooting
Heat pumps can heat a building by 'pumping' heat from either the ground or the air outside: an intriguing process which utilizes principles that are somewhat analogous to those employed in the domestic refrigerator. This title presents the necessary knowledge to take advantage of this potentially low-carbon technology to heat their properties.
Heating and cooling with focus on increased energy efficiency and improved comfort : guidebook to IEA ECBCS Annex 37, Low exergy systems for heating and cooling of buildings : summary report
Social policy and the environment
Electrical heater for charge air conditioning on a research engine
Building services engineering
Solar heating systems for houses : a design handbook for solar combisystems
Development and application of a multicriteria decision support framework for planning or retrofitting district heating systems
Building-integrated photovoltaics : photovoltaics, building envelope, thin film solar cell, polymer, pitched roof, solarmer energy, Inc
Energy efficiency in household appliances and lighting
LVIS-2000 and ETRR : future building services and energy-efficient buildings and building components : evaluation of the research programmes 1988-1990
Swedish district heating systems and a harmonised European energy market : means to reduce global carbon emissions
Feasibility of sustainable approach in thermal renovation of existing prefabricated concrete panel building in Bulgaria
Abstract: Export promotion to France: Case Veljekset Ala-Talkkari Oy (Ltd.).
Building services handbook
Faber and Kell's heating and air-conditioning of buildings
Hydraulic network simulation
Total hydronic balancing : a handbook for design and trouble-shooting of hydronic HVAC systems
A Feasibility Study of Process Steam Sourcing for District Heating Accumulators
District heating systems in Finland and Russia
Sustainable home refurbishment : the Earthscan guide to retrofitting homes for efficiency
Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning (HVAC)control systems are omnipresent in modern buildings. This book is an introduction to all those involved in the specification, design, manufacture, installation, operation or maintainance of these systems. The book explains: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams. Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications.The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols .DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning After completing this course, you will understand: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams.Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications. The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols. DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning.
Marketing plan for Datasteel's new product, Futuran
Geothermal heat pumps : a guide for planning and installing
Design of thermal systems
Practical heating technology
Heating Systems in Finland and China
Heat and mass transfer in buildings
Energy efficient heating and ventilation of large halls
Heating and cooling of buildings : design for efficiency
Low temperature heating and high temperature cooling : embedded water based surface heating and cooling systems
LVIS-2000 : future building services : final report on the energy research programme 1988-1992
Polarheat heats cathedrals too
Fault diagnosis methods for district heating substations
Industrial ecosystem evolution of North Karelia heating energy system
