http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4770 combustion engines
combustion engines
NOx emissions reduction in a biodiesel engine by means of EGR technology
Tribology of internal combustion engines : a literary survey
Converting a 90 ́s Nissan 200SX into a Flexible Fuel Vehicle.
Internal combustion engine handbook : basics, components, systems, and perspectives
Optimizing properties of internal combustion engine
Diesel fuel injection systems : papers presented at a seminar organized by the Combustion Engines Group of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers and held at the Institution of Mechnical Engineers on 28-29 September 1995.
Fuel/engine interactions
Design techniques for engine manifolds : wave action methods for IC engines
Gasoline engine with direct injection : processes, systems, development, potential
On the possibilities to increase power output and reduce exhaust emissions of a spark-assisted direct-injection ethanol engine
Improving the aerodynamics of a cooling system of a Formula Student car
Recommendations regarding exhaust emissions measurement : for reciprocating engines and gas turbines "Lubricants" = Recommandations concernant mesures relatives aux polluants dans le gaz d'echappement
Development of a fuel delivery system with dual injector arrangement in Peugeot 206 Gti
Planning of a training cell for Wärtsilä NOx Reducer = [Wärtsilä NOx Reduce -koulutussolun suunnittelu]
Nanoparticle emissions from combustion engines
The basic design of two-stroke engines
Development of a dimethyl ether (DME)-fueled shuttle bus
Heat transfer inside internal combustion engine : modelling and comparison with experimental data
The romance of engines
Vegetable oils and their derivatives as fuels for CI engines : an overview
Present and future automotive fuels
Variable Valve Actuation 2004.
Waste heat recovery from cooling water
Internal combustion engines : applied thermosciences
Combustion engines
Engine testing : theory and practice
Feasibility of hydrogen as fuel in medium speed engines
Study of emission and combustion characteristics of RME B100 biodiesel from a heavy duty DI diesel engine
Large eddy simulation of fuel spray combustion
The development of piston aero engines : from the Wrights to microlights: a century of evolution and still a power to be reckoned with
Medium & high speed diesel engines
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
Design and simulation of two-stroke engines
21st international congress on combustion engines : questions and authors replies
Design of an insultating box for the exhaust system of the Wärtsilä 34SG engine
Two-stroke performance tuning in theory and practice
Heat flux measurement inside internal combustion engine with gradient heat flux sensor
Fuels 2009 : mineral oil based and alternative fuels, 7th International colloquium [fuels], January 14 -15, 2009, [Ostfildern-Nellingen, Germany]
Effect of diethyl ether on the performance and emission of a 4 - S di diesel engine
The internal-combustion engine in theory and practice. Volume 2, Combustion, fuels, materials, design
Internal combustion engines
Determination of particulate and unburned hydrocarbon emissions from diesel engines fueled with biodiesel
Homogeneous charge compression ignition (HCCI) engines : key research and development issues
An introduction to combustion : concepts and applications
Proceedings of the ASME Turbo Expo 2013 : Turbine Technical Conference and Exposition (GT2013) : [presented at the] June 3-7, 2013, San Antonio, Texas, USA
Emissions technologies
International seminar on application of powertrain and fuel technologies to meet emissions standards, 24-26 June 1996
Thesis comprises the development of Wärtsilä 46 common rail engine fuel injection system, focusing on the period from the first engine deliveries January 2001 to January 2005. The following main parts of the system are discussed: injection pump, injection valve, accumulator, HP and LP pressure pipes, return fuel and control oil systems. The thesis was made to describe changes made in the components and reasons for these modifications during the trajectory of this engine type. The development work has been ongoing during and after engine deliveries. All the time new information is gathered from the field experience on how to improve engines and optimize components characteristics. This test and learning experience is an important part of the development work.
Study on combustion and emission characteristics of diesel engines using ethanol blended diesel fuels
Performance evaluation of alternative fuel/engine concepts 1990-1995 : final report including addendum of diesel vehicles
Development of commissioning guidelines for automation and control system of duel fuel power plant engine-generator set
Introduction to internal combustion engines
Environmental Effects of Gas Conversion : Engines of Power Plants
Tractors and their power units
Development of retrofit DME diesel engine operating with rotary distributor fuel injection pump
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
22nd international congress on combustion engines. 1-7 / Copenhagen
Design and simulation of four-stroke engines
Wärtsilä to supply power plant running on methane gas to Rwanda
Fuels : conventional and future energy for automobiles : 9th International Colloquium, January 15-17, 2013
Particulate formation in engines and their health effects : review
Applied combustion
Engine combustion instrumentation and diagnostics
Wärtsilä has provided a Condition Based Maintenance (CBM) service to its own power plant and marine engine applications for several years now. The CBM service is continuously  developed and because of future emission legislation (IMO TIER III 2016), demand for Wärtsilä dual fuel (DF) engines is increasing. Over 300 W50DF engines are in operation at the moment  of which over 200 are marine applications. The goal of this thesis was to develop the present CBM monitoring and reporting more specified to W50DF engine type by improving the contents of the report. This is based on the customer's demand to optimize maintenance intervals. The thesis begins with a theoretical background of the CBM operation in general and the basic working principles of a W50DF engine. The economic value of the CBM for customer is also inspected in the theory part. The Wärtsilä CBM operation is described; how it is utilized now and  what can be improved. The development project was carried out by interviewing W50DF technical service experts, circulating an example CBM report in the W50DF department and  taking into account the customer feedback. The requisite number of measurement points to analyze W50DF was defined and focusing of limit values was done as well. In the process, a  formula for the calculated turbocharger parameter was developed which can be implemented easily to the system. A great part of this work was the improvement of long-term engine  performance follow-up and ways it could be executed as an automatic function with the present CBM technology. Performance follow-up with certain load levels can be implemented by  adjusting the current software but an agreement with the customer is needed to realize the correct load points. An example CBM report was made for a W50DF engine where all the new  features and improvement proposals with explanations were included.  With these improvements and changes, the condition evaluation and monitoring of the W50DF engine can be done more inclusively and the basis for the extension of maintenance intervals is easier to present.
Small air-cooled engine 1990-2000 : service manual
Comparison of the effects of various fuel additives on the diesel engine emissions
Aircraft reciprocating engines
A LEAN process approach for 4-stroke gas conversion projects
Small air-cooled engines : service manual
Diesel engine transient operation : principles of operation and simulation analysis
Motronic engine management : engine management for spark-ignition engines
An introduction to thermal-fluid engineering : the engine and the atmosphere
Introduction to modeling and control of internal combustion engine systems
Crankshaft bearing analysis using bearing simulation software
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Internal combustion engines : a detailed introduction to the thermodynamics of spark and compression ignition engines, their design and development. 1
The proceedings of the 1995 fall technical conference of the ASME internal combustion engine division : new technology challenges for the future. Volume 3, Alternative fuels and natural gas, ICE-vol. 25-3
Reciprocating internal combustion engines : determination and method for the measurement of engine power : additional requirements for exhaust emission tests in accordance with ISO 8178.
Factors influencing emissions and emissions formation processes
Engine Indicating : User Handbook
Gasoline-engine management : motronic systems ; [system overviews, electronic control and regulation, electronic diagnosis, electronic control unit development]
Old stationary engines
Run your diesel vehicle on biofuels : a do-it-yourself guide
Cylinder balancing based on torsional vibration : measurement algorithm implementation on a medium-speed engine automation platform
Exhaust emissions from combustion machinery
Wärtsilä to equip first U.S. flagged LNG Offshore vessel
Opposed piston engines : evolution, use, and future applications
Executive summary (s. 9-19).
Making cars more fuel efficient : technology for real improvements on the road
Diesel engine design for the 1990s
Combusting flow diagnostics : [proceedings of the NATO Advanced Study Institute on Combusting Flow Diagnostics, Montechoro, Algarve, Portugal, 16-27 April, 1990]
Advances in two-stroke cycle engine technology
Automotive gasoline direct-injection engines
Deactivation effects of biofuels on SCR catalysts
Development of a condition based maintenance system for W50DF engines
The proceedings of the 1995 fall technical conference of the ASME internal combustion engine division : new technology challenges for the future. Volume 2, Simulations, controls and lubrications, ICE-vol. 25-2
Low temperature combustion : combustion process, control methods and fuels
Combustion science and engineering
Torsional vibration analysis of internal combustion engine shafting system
State of alternative fuel technologies
The proceedings of the 1995 fall technical conference of the ASME internal combustion engine division : new technology challenges for the future. Volume 4, Combustion and emissions ICE-vol. 25-4
Handbook of diesel engines
Comparison of CO2 emission levels for internal combustion engine and fuel cell automotive propulsion systems
Automotive engines : theory and servicing
Internal combustion : how corporations and governments addicted the world to oil and detrailed the alternatives
Modeling of a free piston energy converter
On optimization of simulation based design
Combustion in piston engines : its technology, evolution, diagnosis, execution, and control
Engine modelling techniques : SI and diesel
From waste to traffic fuel (W-Fuel)
Benchmarking of engine parameters
Chilton's guide to  small engine repair - up to 20 HP : repair, maintenance and service for gasoline engines up to and including 20 horsepower
Combustion in engines, technology and applications : proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers International Conference, 10-12 May 1988, [at] the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Birdcage Walk, London
Power equipment engine technology
In response to the tightening emission legislation of marine and stationary engines, Wärtsilä has developed Wärtsilä NOx Reducer, in short, Wärtsilä NOR. Wärtsilä NOR is based on selective catalytic reduction (SCR) technology which has the purpose of nitrogen oxide emissions abatement from exhaust gas. The goal of this thesis was to plan a training area, a training cell, for Wärtsilä NOx Reducer in Wärtsilä Land & Sea Academy Turku Training Centre. The objective was to determine the efforts needed to establish it, the needed equipment and the training possibilities with the cell. In addition, planning of the cell layout and general operating instructions was required. This study was carried out as a project for Wärtsilä Training Development department. It included inspections at the Turku Training Centre, meetings and discussions with technical experts in Wärtsilä, and self-directed planning. The starting point was good since the premises for the training cell were suitable. The old SCR simulator was already on the site, and utilizing the associated equipment and facilities was considered a cost-efficient compromise. The simulator and its components were upgraded to match the current Wärtsilä NOR system. As a result, the thesis forms a proposal for SCR simulator with Wärtsilä NOR equipment, with a possibility to do several various training exercises, including commissioning and maintenance procedures. The layout, including the working areas, is planned as well. The outcome is a preliminary plan to provide support and background information when considering acquiring Wärtsilä NOR simulator equipment.
The proceedings of the 1995 fall technical conference of the ASME internal combustion engine division : new technology challenges for the future. Volume 1, New technology and design, ICE-vol. 25-1
CFD testing of an improved model for simulating NOx in internal combustion engines
Large eddy simulation of in-cylinder flows
Medium speed engine application of a piezo electric actuated fuel injection valve
Two-stroke performance tuning
Compression ignition delay (physical + chemical) of dimethyl ether - an alternative fuel for compression-ignition engines
Small gas engine repair
In-cylinder diesel particulate and NOx control 1999.
Guidelines for the lubrication of medium speed diesel engines : report of the CIMAC working group "Lubricants" = Recommandations pour la lubrification des moteurs diesel semi-rapides
HCCI combustion using charge stratification and spark-assistance
Design of racing and high-performance engines, 1998-2003 : PT-100
Gasoline-engine management : [Systems and Komponents]
Engine load measurement
Behaviour of a diesel injection system with biodiesel fuel
Internal-combustion engines : theory and design
Mechanical development of the Wärtsilä 46 common rail engine's fuel injection system
Gas engines in the light of the 21st CIMAC congress
Guidelines for the lubrication of two-stroke crosshead diesel engines
Electrical heater for charge air conditioning on a research engine
Theoretical study and simulation of supercritical steam injection for diesel engines
Turbocharging the internal combustion engine
Combustion models in diesel engine simulation
Heat and mass transfer in gasoline and diesel engines
A handbook on torsional vibration
Powerplants of future
Stochastic reactor models for engine simulations
Engineering fundamentals of the internal combustion engine
