http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4786 simulators
simulators
Organizing and learning through gaming and simulation : proceedings of Isaga 2007
Skyscraper simulator : PC CD-ROM
This thesis was commissioned by Wärtsilä Finland Oy. The purpose of this study was to develop and design an appropriate training simulator for Wärtsilä's exhaust gas cleaning scrubber. The simulator would be used in customer and internal personnel training and for familiarization purposes within Wärtsilä's own training center, Wärtsilä Land and Sea Academy situated in Turku, Finland. Wärtsilä's closed loop fresh water scrubber works as a scrubber model for the simulator. The work included familiarization to the topic and to simulation tools, simulation mode selection, BOM preparation as well as scheduling and budgeting the simulator project. Firstly this study deals with fresh water scrubber operation and its automation. After that the work introduces SOx-scrubbing and SOx-limits as a platform for deeper understanding of the scrubbing operation. This is followed by an introduction to the different simulation methods, comparing them to each other as well as a short discussion of the training simulator models present in WLSA and the suitability of their working principle to this project. Finally, the necessary component list, workload and schedule for the simulator project were prepared and calculations for the payback period of the simulator were executed. A simulator model with a real scrubber automation program was selected as the correct simulator model. The field device operations should be fully simulated with Matlab's simulation tool Simulink. As for communication methods Industrial Ethernet, CAN bus and DDE were chosen. The simulator component price estimation was € 7050. The Price estimation was gathered from earlier projects and from the component lists of local suppliers.
Using static program analysis to compile fast cache simulators
Farming simulator 2011 : PC DVD-ROM
Java launcher for simulation tool
Combining experts' ratings for partly overlapping concept lists : a feasibility test with cultural sustainability indicators
In this thesis, the concept of virtual reality has been elaborated in the context of games, industrial design and manufacturing. The main purpose of this master's thesis is to create a virtual environment for games that are near to the reality and according to the human nature through aspects like better interface, simulation, lights, shadow effects and their types. The importance of these aspects regarding realistic virtual environment is complemented through the comparison between two environments i.e. desktop and CAVE on a flight simulation program.
Improvement of Java-based NS-2 Visualizer
My first trainz set
Games and simulations in online learning : research and development frameworks
Farming simulator 2009 : gold edition : PC CD-ROM
Demolition company : PC CD-ROM
IL-2 Sturmovik : birds of prey : Xbox 360
MARSIM 2006 : international conference on marine simulation and ship manoeuvrability 25-30 June 2006.
Simulated voyages : using simulation technology to train and license mariners
Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X. 2 : PlayStation 3
Model course. 2.06, Cargo and Ballast Handling Simulator
Principles of flight simulation
Road works simulator : PC CD-ROM
Engineering process simulation model : Electrical Systems department, ABB Marine
WCDMA radio network performance
Driving simulator 2011 : PC DVD-ROM
Ship bridge simulators : a project handbook
Work Load Simulator
Advanced ASIC verification methods
Woodcutter simulator 2011 : PC CD-Rom
Heavyweight transport simulator : PC CD-ROM
Architecture design for EMV payment simulator environment
Discrete-event simulator design in C++ and IEEE802.11 Mac Implementation
Ports of call deluxe : PC DVD
Handbook of driving simulation for engineering, medicine, and psychology
Gran Turismo 5 : the real driving simulator : PS3
Thinking outside the box : enhancing science teaching by combining (instead of contrasting) laboratory and simulation activities
Learning in logistics simulation games based on constructivist learning theory
In response to the tightening emission legislation of marine and stationary engines, Wärtsilä has developed Wärtsilä NOx Reducer, in short, Wärtsilä NOR. Wärtsilä NOR is based on selective catalytic reduction (SCR) technology which has the purpose of nitrogen oxide emissions abatement from exhaust gas. The goal of this thesis was to plan a training area, a training cell, for Wärtsilä NOx Reducer in Wärtsilä Land & Sea Academy Turku Training Centre. The objective was to determine the efforts needed to establish it, the needed equipment and the training possibilities with the cell. In addition, planning of the cell layout and general operating instructions was required. This study was carried out as a project for Wärtsilä Training Development department. It included inspections at the Turku Training Centre, meetings and discussions with technical experts in Wärtsilä, and self-directed planning. The starting point was good since the premises for the training cell were suitable. The old SCR simulator was already on the site, and utilizing the associated equipment and facilities was considered a cost-efficient compromise. The simulator and its components were upgraded to match the current Wärtsilä NOR system. As a result, the thesis forms a proposal for SCR simulator with Wärtsilä NOR equipment, with a possibility to do several various training exercises, including commissioning and maintenance procedures. The layout, including the working areas, is planned as well. The outcome is a preliminary plan to provide support and background information when considering acquiring Wärtsilä NOR simulator equipment.
Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X. 2 : PC DVD-ROM
SBK 2011 FIM superbike world championship : Xbox 360
Means to optimize code performance in DSP environment
Evaluation of bridge teammates' mental workload for simulator-based training using physiological indices : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140401)
Scania truck driving simulator : the game
Fishing simulator 2011 : PC DVD-ROM
Planning of a training cell for Wärtsilä NOx Reducer = [Wärtsilä NOx Reduce -koulutussolun suunnittelu]
Harvest moon : the lost valley : Nintendo 3DS
Woodcutter simulator : PC CD-ROM
Driving simulator 2009 : PC DVD-ROM
Simulation and evaluation of wired and wireless networks with NS2, NS3 and OMNET++
New style boutique. 2, fashion forward : Nintendo 3DS
Pedagogical guidelines for simulator training
Heart rate variability (HRV) and simulation sickness : HRV as an indicator/predictor of the appearance of nausea during simulated driving
Ports of call deluxe : PC DVD-ROM
Training simulator gui design and programming
Virtual reality : effective surroundings, enormous demonstration and mediator system in the games, industrial design and manufacturing
Surgery simulator 2011 : PC CD-ROM
Green ships - eco shipping - clean seas : the 12th Annual General Assembly, International Association of Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland, 12-14 June 2011
Design and implementation of a scalable forest simulator
Scirocco as a Game Controller : Friday Test #2
Deep sea fishing simulator : PC CD-ROM
Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X. 2 : Xbox 360
Neural networks for computationally expensive problems
Simulation with Arena
Simulation modeling and analysis with Arena
Modelling driver behaviour in automotive environments : critical issues in driver interactions with intelligent transport systems
Comparison of harvester work in forest and simulator environments
Driving simulator validity and driver behavior : results of driving performance in virtual vs natural conditions
Rethinking computer-based simulation : concepts and models
Integration of MIMO support in a DVB-T2 simulator
Scirocco as a Game Controller : Friday Test #1
Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X. 2 : Wii
Factors affecting simulator-training effectiveness
Engineering principles of combat modeling and distributed simulation
Learning from differences in energy sector : international seminar
The use of the TETRA simulator as a TETRA system testing tool
Heroes over Europe : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Remote upgrade test on a simulated mobile switching center
The Vrouw Maria underwater project 2009-2012 : preserving a shipwreck in situ
Autonomous virtual instruments : a foray into musical metacreation
Ship simulator 2008 : collector's edition : PC DVD-ROM
Learning robot environment through simulation
Animal crossing : happy home designer : Nintendo 3DS
Bungee jumping simulator : wild jumps, stunning locations! : PC CD-Rom
Snowcat simulator 2011 : PC CD-ROM
Proceedings of the International Seminar on Simulator-Based Training of Forest Machine Operators
Euro truck simulator : gold edition : PC CD-ROM
Concentrated experience prepares crane operators for reality
Automatic radar plotting aids : Competence assessment
IL-2 Sturmovik : birds of prey : Xbox 360.
Initialization of UMTS WCDMA laboratory network using Nethawk RNC/IUB simulator
Space shuttle mission simulator : the collector's edition : PC CD-ROM
Silent hunter 4 : wolves of the Pacific
Handball simulator : European 2010 tournament : PC CD-ROM
Insect optomotor experiments in the dark using virtual reality
Building aerospace simulations in C++ : multimedia training in 16 labs
