http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4782 dropping out
dropping out
Wasted opportunities: when schools fail : repetition and drop-out in primary schools
Why our high schools need the arts
Staying or leaving the course : non-completion and retention of mature students in further and higher education
Improving school attendance
Youth at risk : a prevention resource for counselors, teachers, and parents
Why information systems and software engineering students enter and leave their study programme : a factor model and process theory
Experiencing studies at the University of Joensuu : modelling a student cohort's satisfaction, study achievements and dropping out
Keeping students in higher education : successful practices and strategies for retention
Learning. earning and withdrawing : on social factors affecting higher educational and professional career
The unqualified school leaver : a literature review
School dropout and extended study time among the International Business and Administration students at Oulu Vocational College
Hanging in and dropping out : voices of at-risk high school students
Nursing student retention : understanding the process and making a difference
Summary in Finnish (Yhteenveto)
Preventive practices in vocational training : systemic approach
Abstract: A teacher as an improver of overall well-being in school : how teacher in upper secondary education regulate their dialogue and authenticity.
Reworking the student departure puzzle
Review to studying succee at a CCNA courses
Redundant Masculinities? investigates the links between the so-called 'crisis of masculinity' and contemporary changes in the labour market through the lives of young working class men.
Dropout as a Phenomenon among 15-18-Year-Old Cross Country Skiers at  Vuokatti Sports Academy
Dropouts from school : issues, dilemmas, and solutions
Integrating all young people into society through education and training. Vol. 1, Proceedings of the meeting, Brussels, 7 and 8 May 1998
School dropout remains a persistent and critical issue in many school systems, so much so that it is sometimes referred to as a crisis. Populations across the globe have come to depend on success at school for establishing careers and gaining access to post-school qualifications. Yet large numbers of young people are excluded from the advantages that successful completion of school brings and as a result are subjected to consequences such as higher likelihood of unemployment, lower earnings, greater dependence on welfare and poorer physical health and well-being. Over recent decades, most western nations have stepped up their efforts to reduce drop out and raise school completion rates while maintaining high standards. How school systems have approached this, and how successful they are, varies. This book compares the various approaches by evaluating their impact on rates of dropout and completion. Case studies of national systems are used to highlight the different approaches including institutional arrangements and the various alternative secondary school programs and their outcomes. The evaluation is based on several key questions: What are the main approaches? How do they work? For whom do they work? And, how successful are they in promoting high rates of completion and equivalent outcomes for all? This book examines the nature of the dropout problem in advanced industrialized countries with the goal of developing a broader, international understanding that can feed into public policy to help improve completion rates worldwide. -- back cover.
Positive intervention for pupils who struggle at school : creating a modified primary curriculum
Motivation and study councelling : reasons behind study prolongation and termination and how to improve students'
Understanding early school leaving : a narrative research approach
College student retention : formula for student success
Redundant masculinities? : employment change and white working class youth
Framing dropouts : notes on the politics of an urban public high school
Reform and relevance in schooling : dropouts, de-streaming and the common curriculum
The vast majority of kids in the developed world finish high school--but not in the United States. More than a million kids drop out every year, around 7,000 a day, and the numbers are rising. Dropping Out offers a comprehensive overview by one of the country's leading experts, and provides answers to fundamental questions: Who drops out, and why? What happens to them when they do? How can we prevent at-risk kids from short-circuiting their futures? Students start disengaging long before they get to high school, and the consequences are severe--not just for individuals but for the larger society and economy. Dropouts never catch up with high school graduates on any measure. They are less likely to find work at all, and more likely to live in poverty, commit crimes, and suffer health problems. Even life expectancy for dropouts is shorter by seven years than for those who earn a diploma. Rumberger advocates targeting the most vulnerable students as far back as the early elementary grades. And he levels sharp criticism at the conventional definition of success as readiness for college. He argues that high schools must offer all students what they need to succeed in the workplace and independent adult life. A more flexible and practical definition of achievement--one in which a high school education does not simply qualify you for more school--can make school make sense to young people. And maybe keep them there.
Retention and student success in higher education
Student retention in online, open, and distance learning
Improving student retention in higher education : the role of teaching and learning
On the dynamics of undergraduate performance and dropout
University students' general study orientations : theoretical background, measurements, and practical implications
Personality and labour market outcomes
Tackling early leaving from education and training in Europe : strategies, policies and measures
Learning difficulties, academic well-being and educational pathways among adolescent students
School dropout and completion : international comparative studies in theory and policy
Educational wastage at the primary level : socio-economic and school factors related to dropping out, repetition and promotion
School leadership tools in preventing student dropout in one Finnish school
The school practitioner's concise companion to preventing dropout and attendance problems
When I grow up : culturally sensitive graphic design explorations
From education to work : report from Friskie EU -project
Dropout as a Phenomenon among 15-18 -Year-Old Cross Country Skiers at Vuokatti Sports Academy
SCHOOL DROPOUT AND EXTENDED STUDY TIME AMONG THE INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS AND ADMINISTRATION STUDENTS AT OULU VOCATIONAL COLLEGE
Giving up on school : student dropouts and teacher burnouts
Retaining at-risk students : the role of career and vocational education
Last chance high : how girls and boys drop in and out of alternative schools
"Dropping out," drifting off, being excluded : becoming somebody without school
Learning to leave : the irony of schooling in a coastal community
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
What do anthropologists have to say about dropouts? : The First Centennial Conference on Children at Risk, School of Education, Stanford University
Best or second best choice? : polytechnic education in the lives of engineering students
Economic studies on higher education and productivity
School leavers : their aspirations and expectations
Second chance in education : an interdisciplinary and international perspective
Dropping out : why students drop out of high school and what can be done about it
Early school leaving and lifelong guidance
Discontinuation of education
Emotional obstacles of E-learning
The drop-outs : a treatment study of intellectually capable students who drop out of high school
Thematic study on policy measures concerning disadvantaged youth
Educating the net generation : how to engage students in the 21st century
Guiding at-risk youth through learning to work : lessons from across Europe
Different paths to an engineering degree : a study of ICT engineering students' educational backgrounds, study attainment and discontinuation of studies
