http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4781 study
study studying
How to study abroad
University postgraduate curricula for conservation scientists : proceedings of the International Seminar, Bologna, 26-27 November 1999.
Understanding language teaching : from method to post-method
"This book is an exploration of how writers take an evaluative stance in academic writing from the point of view of Appraisal theory. It focuses on introductions to research articles in English across a range of disciplines"--Provided by publisher.
Development of virtual learning material
Mathematics education and language diversity : the 21st ICMI study
Tiedenaisia = Vetenskapskvinnor = Women of learning
Peer Learning in Higher Education : learninq from and with each other
Teaching guide
Designing administrative features for social learning application
This first-of-its-kind reference moves the concepts and methodologies of game analytics and learning analytics into the emerging field of serious games. The book calls for more validated and standardized research into serious games analytics, backing up this demand with ways that player data can be transformed into information of value to the academic and serious games sectors. Featured methodologies derive from diverse disciplines, from computer science and data visualization to learning science and statistics. And the volume's second half highlights new frontiers for serious games in medical education and patient care, psychological profile generation, and learning support.   Included in the coverage:   A meta-analysis of data collection in serious games research. Measuring expert-performance for serious games analytics: from data to insights. Comparative visualization of player behavior for serious games analytics. The role of serious games in robot exoskeleton assisted rehabilitation of stroke patients. Design of game-based stealth assessment and learning support. A game design methodology for generating a psychological profile of players.   Serious Games Analytics gives educators, instructional designers, and researchers in educational technology a fuller grasp of the knowledge learners access in serious game play, and data and ideas leading to the next wave of serious games.
Cram101 textbook outlines to accompany: Principles of marketing [by] Kotler, Armstrong, 11th edition
"No better, no worse - but definitely different" : the presentation of target cultures in two English textbook-series for Finnish secondary school children
Effect of added filtration on patient dose, exposure index  and image quality
The struggle to establish more democratic education pedagogies has a long history in the politics of mainstream education. This book argues for the significance of the creative arts in the establishment of social justice in education, using examples drawn from a selection of contemporary case studies including Japanese applied drama, Palestinian teacher education and Room 13 children's contemporary art. Jeff Adams and Allan Owens use their research in practice to explore creativity conceptually, historically and metaphorically within a variety of UK and international contexts, which are analysed using political and social theories of democratic and relational education. Each chapter discusses the relationship between models of democratic creativity and the cultural conditions in which they are practised, with a focus on new critical pedagogies that have developed in response to neoliberalism and marketization in education. The book is structured throughout by the theories, practices and the ideals that were once considered to be foundational for education: democratic citizenship and a just society.
"So much more  than just a web course"
Understanding communication theory : a beginner's guide
Learning and teaching in distance education : analyses and interpretations from an international perspective
A choreographer's handbook
From English to Swedish. 1, A basic Swedish textbook for English speaking students
A guide to learning independently
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education : evidence from OECD countries
Students abroad, strangers at home : education for a global society
This innovative book illustrates ways to put economics in the best context for it to be most effectively taught to and understood by under- and post-graduate students. It provides teachers of economics with various techniques to engage and retain the interest of students, while challenging them to apply knowledge and methodological tools to a range of economic problems. The expert contributors provide fascinating insights and ideas to both improve the quality of teaching economics and deepen students' understanding of economic reasoning and problem solving.
The developing language learner : an introduction to exploratory practice
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences quality guide for student
Becoming designers : education & influence
Feasibility Study for a Start-Up Enterprise
English language education policy in Asia
Multitasking-Impact of ICT on learning
The psychology of study
Studying and living in the United Kingdom 2000/2001
Fukuzawa Yukichi on education : selected works
Engaging students through social media: evidence-based practices for use in student affairs
Postgraduate study in Britain 97 : the complete guide to over 12,000 courses in all universities and institutions... specifically designed for the visiting student to Britain
An excellent introduction to methodology in history which will be read with advantage by historians at any stage of their development. History Can easily be handled by the general reader wanting to know what is happening to history today. British Book News This classic introduction to the study of history invites the reader to stand back and consider some of its most fundamental questions - What is the point of studying history? How do we know about the past? Does an objective historical truth exist and can we ever access it? In answering these central questions, John Tosh argues that, despite the impression of fragmentation created by postmodernism in recent years, history is a coherent discipline which still bears the imprint of its nineteenth-century origins. Consistently clear-sighted, he provides a lively and compelling guide to a complex and sometimes controversial subject, while making his readers vividly aware of just how far our historical knowledge is conditioned by the character of the sources and the methods of the historians who work on them. The fifth edition has been revised and updated throughout, with the addition of new sections on: * Global history * Comparative history * Postcolonialism * Women's and gender history * Oral history and memory Lucid and engaging, this new edition retains all the user-friendly features that have helped to make this book a favourite with both students and lecturers, including marginal glosses, illustrations, suggested further reading and boxed guides to key events and people.
Study in Finland : you'll be surprised!
Intercultural language teaching and learning
The Routledge companion to international management education
Factors affecting the instruction of students of nursing in the clinical learning experience
How to study
A practical guide to teaching physical education in the secondary school
This valuable book shows second language researchers how to use the statistical program SPSS to conduct statistical tests frequently done in SLA research. Using data sets from real SLA studies, A Guide to Doing Statistics in Second Language Research Using SPSS shows newcomers to both statistics and SPSS how to generate descriptive statistics, how to choose a statistical test, and how to conduct and interpret a variety of basic statistical tests. The author covers the statistical tests that are most commonly used in second language research, including chi-square, t-tests, correlation, multiple regression, ANOVA and non-parametric analogs to these tests. The text is abundantly illustrated with graphs and tables depicting actual data sets, and exercises throughout the book help readers understand concepts (such as the difference between independent and dependent variables) and work out statistical analyses. Answers to all exercises are provided on the book's companion website, along with sample data sets and other supplementary material.
Crises and scandals in the world of international management have brought a new spotlight onto how the subject is taught, studied and understood. There has been a plethora of literature on international management, but a lack of focus on how international management education (IME) can be shaped to respond to existing and future global business challenges. The Routledge Companion to International Management Education gathers together contributors from academia, industry and university administration involved in IME, to: introduce the domain of IME; describe the emerging state in new geographical areas; discuss the major issues and debates revolving around IME; explore the linkage of technology and international management, and shed light on the future of IME. The diverse background of the contributors provides a global perspective that challenges the dominant Anglo-American view, with up-to-date specific insights originating from their indigenous view points, which has often been neglected and inadequately covered. The volume answers important questions, such as: Do we need a vision in IME? What is the current state of IME? How has IME grown in emerging market segments? What roles does technology play in its recent development? The volume provides thought-provoking reading for educators, administrators, policy makers, human resources professionals and researchers. It will also give future international management students a glimpse of IME from a global inside-out perspective.
The content of this book was derived from animpirical study aimed at finding out the challengesSign Language Interpreters face working with childrenwith Hearing Impairment in inclusive educationalsettings, Uganda's experience. The authorprincipally explores the challenges identified, thoseemanating from Sign language interpreters and fromthe school working environment. The influences andcopying strategies are highlighted. Supplementaryinformation on attitudes, School and communityrelationships and interpreter competencies areinclusive in the text. Theoretical foundations taggedto the theory advanced by scholars Bloom and Lahey(1997)were helpful in unearthing the underlying factors tothe phenomenon of Sign language interpreting. Thebook stresses an objective analysis of theinterpreters experiences and challenges they face.Recommendations to develop a good workingenvironment, interpreter development, Teachertraining in the area of Special needs education andSign language, school adaptation to the work of Signlanguage interpreters and such related areas ofresearch are suggested in the end, in order to helpachieve the principle of Inclusive education generally.
Critical thinking skills for dummies
Get your captain's license
Arab world in the subjects of history, geography and Slovene language in elementary and secondary schools in Slovenia
Masters level teaching, learning and assessment : issues in design and delivery
Currently e-learning is considered an essential part of the everyday learning processes for both teachers and students in higher education. However, the learning results of e-learning are under debate and there is a growing critique on the efficiency and actual results of e-learning. In this paper we present our on-going work for exploring higher education students and teachers recent perceptions of their e-learning experiences, the usage of e-learning technologies and developing the learning process. Two surveys were conducted in order to investigate and compare the perceived advantages, challenges and needs for support among the students and teachers in higher education.  According to the results the perceived advantages of e-learning for both teachers and students were fairly similar. Flexibility in use of time and place were found as the most important benefit of e-learning. Some teachers conceived that e-learning was more activating than traditional learning in terms of increasing presence and participation. However, the results indicate that some of the students were not convinced about the activating advantages of e-learning.   The main challenges in e-learning for both students and teachers dealt with technical issues, (i.e. non-functioning data connections and software) and teacher-student interaction. Both students and teachers also experienced problems in directing the learning situation (e.g. finding/raising motivation, taking possible learning hindrances into account). Teachers also highlighted the students¿ lack of commitment as a challenge in e-learning.  Based on the studies we suggest that in order to ensure the high-quality learning results in e-learning continuous and relevant training and peer support for educators and students are needed. Additionally it is important to enhance the user experience and the content and materials of the courses should be designed carefully. We also suggest that in e-learning the interaction between teachers and peer students should be improved.
Conquer study stress! : 20 problems solved
Feedback from Metropolia graduates : studying in an English Degree Program as an Immigrant and their Road to Working Life
Journey of the phoenix : overseas study and women's changing position in China
This text focuses on a current area of language learning and teaching - autonomous and self-access language learning. This text provides a variety of examples of current practice in classrooms and self-access centres, at secondary and tertiary levels, and in a number of different cultural contexts. The topics covered include: theoretical perspectives; learners and the learning process; technology; and the evaluation of learner autonomy.
Princess in pink
A Guidebook for Chinese Students Studying in Finland
Sign Language Interpreting for Deaf Children in Secondary Schools : challenges faced by sign language interpreters working in inclusive secondary schools
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to conduct an evaluation study based on the feedback from former students with immigrant background of the English Degree Program in Social Services (DPSS) with the help of interviews. The idea of the evaluation was to harness what elements in the curriculum of the degree program had been useful during the studies and for later working life. The evaluation study was divided into three parts including their feedback on the study curriculum, studying in a multicultural environment and experiences on the process towards working life. A qualitative approach was used in carrying out the study. Semi structured interviews were used in collecting data. The study was focused on the individuals experiences and personal opinions in order for it to be able to provide a detailed feedback for the working life partner. Former students of the English degree program with immigrant background were contacted and six interviews were used for this study including two teacher interviews. The findings showed that the curriculum and the multicultural study environment generally played a supportive role for the former students of the DPSS. Work placements were regarded as the most beneficial element of the curriculum regarding employment opportunities in Finland. In conclusion, the results indicate that although there was a certain amount of dissatisfaction regarding the English language skills used in teaching, students were generally satisfied. The students were mainly motivated about getting a bachelor's certificate since they knew that the degree program will provide them one.
Public education in an integrated Europe : studying to migrate and teaching to stay?
The anatomy of literary studies : an introduction to the study of English literature
The Role of training in
higher education (Universities
of
Princess Mia
Party princess
Clinical Practice At Ward A3, Hatanpää : An Orientation Guide for Nursing Exchange Students
Comparison of higher education student and teacher perceptions of e-learning
Feedback from Metropolia graduates: studying in an English Degree Program as an Immigrant  and their Road to Working Life
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Learning dose optimization in dental  imaging
Universities, once at the forefront of campaigns for intellectual liberty, are now bastions of conformity. This provocative book traces the demise of academic freedom within the context of changing ideas about the purpose of the university and the nature of knowledge and is a passionate call to arms for the power of academic thought today.
The quality of students' learning experiences is a critical concern for all higher education institutions. With the assistance of modern technological advances, educational establishments have the capability to better understand the strengths and weaknesses of their learning programs. Developing Effective Educational Experiences through Learning Analytics is a pivotal reference source that focuses on the adoption of data mining and analysis techniques in academic institutions, examining how this collected information is utilized to improve the outcome of student learning. Highlighting the relevance of data analytics to current educational practices, this book is ideally designed for researchers, practitioners, and professionals actively involved in higher education settings.
During the recent years blended learning has become more common strategy in higher education. In Oulu University of Applied Sciences School of Business and Information Management blended learning was developed in a project where about 20 teachers from two degree programs developed courses from the point of view of individual, blended and online learning. A focus group interview was organised with voluntary students in order to get insights to student's experiences.     Students wish that they would have activities and feedback along the course - not big assignments or exam at the end of the course. Blended learning should be tied to real life cases which are connected to theories. Two-way interaction plays a critical role when blended learning is used in order to avoid the isolation of students. Learning Cafe type of assignments, where talented students' expertise could be used in coaching, received excellent feedback because of the better interaction.
Can deaf students succeed?
The international review of research in open and distance learning
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education? : evidence from OECD countries
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Princess in training
The Times good university guide. 2011
Distance training : taking stock at a time of change
Why go to college
The Arab world in history textbooks and curricula
This volume offers comprehensive 'state-of-the-art' overviews of educational policies concerning the teaching of English in a large number of Asian countries. Each contribution is written by a leading expert and gives a clear assessment of current policies and future trends. Starting with a description of the English education policies in the respective countries, the contributors then delve into the 'nuts and bolts' of the English education policies and how they play out in practice in the education system, in schools, in the curriculum, and in teaching. Topics covered include the balance between the acquisition of English and the national language, political, cultural, economic and technical factors that strengthen or weaken the learning of English.
The tangible in music : the tactile learning of a musical instrument
What smart students know : maximum grades, optimum learning, minimum time
Student foreign language projects at RUC
Dimensions of university student learning in medicine and pharmacy
The study of language
This book provides advice and guidance to those seeking to develop and enhance Masters level programmes. Based on practice, experience and research, it covers issues in design and delivery, helping to ensure that programmes are fit for purpose and meet contemporary needs in a rapidly changing and highly-competitive global market.
A charmed life
"You shall be in the future someone that is very powerful" : the experiences of students with HIV/AIDS in rural, post-conflict Uganda
Study abroad. 27.
Fluent in 3 months : the radical new way that anyone, at any age, can learn to speak any language from anywhere in the world
Education and Its Discontents: Teaching, the Humanities, and the Importance of a Liberal Education in the Age of Mass Information, by Mark Moss, is an exploration of how the traditional educational environment, particularly in the post-secondary world, is changing as a consequence of the influx of new technology. Students come to the classroom or lecture hall expecting to have their habits and tastes, gleaned from the online world, replicated in an Educational environment. Faculty who do not adapt face enormous obstacles, and faculty that do adapt run the risk of eroding the integrity of what they have been trained to teach. Students now have access to myriad of technologies that instead of supplementing the educational process, have actually taken it over. Issues that run from plagiarism to the erosion of the humanities are now rampant concerns in the post secondary world. Behavior issues, YouTube videos, cell phones, and the incessant clicking of the computer keys are just a few of the technologies altering the educational landscape. Moss discusses that it is now not only how we learn, but what we continue to teach, and how that enormously important legacy is protected. Education and Its Discontents: Teaching, the Humanities, and the Importance of a Liberal Education in the Age of Mass Information, by Mark Moss, argues that education has changed and the supremacy of the book and the lecture is now open for debate. What has been gained over the last five hundred years is now susceptible to the vagaries of technology, which compel us to question their continuing relevance.
Outbound student exchange from Satakunta University of Applied Sciences, School of Maritime Management, Rauma
This title considers why summative assessment in English is difficult and explores viewing it as an arts subject rather than one which is quantifiable and assessable objectively. "Testing English" considers why English is such a difficult subject to assess summatively and takes the view that English is an arts subject rather than one which is quantifiable and assessable objectively. Bethan Marshall examines the nature of the subject, the battlegrounds of examinations over the last 100 years and considers some of the solutions that have been put in place to overcome the problem both in the UK and abroad. "Testing English" looks at the way English lends itself to formative assessment in that it actively encourages dialogue with the pupils in the absence of 'right answers'. It explores the complex relationship between formative and summative assessment and considers the relationship in the light of the introduction of Assessing Pupil's Progress (APP). It is an essential reading for postgraduate students and researchers looking at the complexities involved in assessing English.
The Catch for Chinese Sea Turtles: An empirical assessment of the employability of overseas versus nationally educated Chinese students
Business ethics: Are accounting students aware? A Cross-cultural study of four countries
Education in China : reforms and innovations
Abstract: Ward managers play crucial roles in creating conducive learning environment for nursing students during their clinical practice. The purpose of our final project was to explore ward managers' view of the strategies for successful learning experiences for ELTDP (English Language Taught Degree Programme) nursing students in acute clinical practice settings in Finland. The study question was: What are the strategies that will enhance ELTDP nursing students clinical practice experience in acute settings in Finland? To answer these questions, five ward managers were interviewed and the data was analyzed through content analysis. The findings were summarized into three themes:(i)language; (ii)cultural competence; (iii) cooperation between educational institutions and clinical placements. Both ELTDP students' and tutor nurses' language skills need improvement for students to achieve successful learning outcomes; cultural competence was not well-discussed and formal training on this topic was missing in the wards; Cooperation between educational institutions and clinical placement need to be intensified to achieve successful clinical practice experience.
New developments in economic education
Dialogue Activities : exploring spoken interaction in the language class
The new best of Van Halen for guitar
The art history study guide
The experience of higher education
A reference guide to English studies
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to design user interfaces of three different administrator features for social learning platform. The goal of this thesis was to design user interfaces that would offer high usability and functionality.    The Constantly growing amount of social and networking web services and the informal learning taking place in those services have changed traditional e-learning, as more formal learning style to be old-fashioned. Nowadays, many e-learning companies have started to focus more on informal learning and ways that it could be used in a corporate environment. The client company has started developing Soclet in 2009 and in 2010 the first version was ready with the idea of combining learning management systems with social features that provide informal style of learning.    The learning platform is mainly built with Ruby on Rails -framework together with HTML and JavaScript technologies. The platforms development process is managed with a variation of agile development methodologies called Scrum. Scrum is a iterative development process that is very flexible, because of the short development periods and constant prioritization of requirement tasks. Scrum was included in this thesis to keep the design work connected with the core process of project development.    Features chosen for this thesis were user account removal, user role management and the dashboard. All three features were designed starting with paper sketches and continuing with wireframe models to ensure that the final design was functional and possible to implement. The outcome was a highly usable user interface plan for each feature. User management was improved with easy way to disable user accounts and a new role management feature that makes the access control more flexible in the service. The new modular dashboard design opens new possibilities for developers to extend the administrator panel in the future..
Improve your reading
The Routledge encyclopedia of research methods in applied linguistics
Seconds away
A guide to doing statistics in second language research using SPSS
Texts and interaction : literacy practices in the EFL classroom
Studying creatively : a creativity toolkit to get your studies out of a rut
The nature of history
The place of economic history in historical studies : inaugural lecture
Study skills for dummies
Connected code : why children need to learn programming
Achievement goals, learning strategies and exam performance in English learning : a study among undergraduate EFL learners in China
Serious games analytics
Distance Teaching in the Field of Technology and Software
Student Satisfaction and Academic Rankings: Do They Correlate?  : Study Advisory as an Alternative to Academic Rankings.
Coding, once considered an arcane craft practiced by solitary techies, is now recognized by educators and theorists as a crucial skill, even a new literacy, for all children. Programming is often promoted in K-12 schools as a way to encourage "computational thinking" -- which has now become the umbrella term for understanding what computer science has to contribute to reasoning and communicating in an ever-increasingly digital world. In Connected Code, Yasmin Kafai and Quinn Burke argue that although computational thinking represents an excellent starting point, the broader conception of "computational participation" better captures the twenty-first-century reality. Computational participation moves beyond the individual to focus on wider social networks and a DIY culture of digital "making." Kafai and Burke describe contemporary examples of computational participation: students who code not for the sake of coding but to create games, stories, and animations to share; the emergence of youth programming communities; the practices and ethical challenges of remixing (rather than starting from scratch); and the move beyond stationary screens to programmable toys, tools, and textiles.
The student learner on the shelf : practical activity and agency in higher education
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
The Choice
Appraising research : evaluation in academic writing
ECTS information package 2002-2003: Lappeenranta University of Technology. Department of Mechanical Engineering
Guides for stress coping during clinical training for international degree nursing students
Student success secrets
Interaction in online learning environments : how to support collaborative activities in higher education settings
The rise of blended learning : students' perspectives
Composing for the Cinema : the theory and praxis of music in film
Timepiece : extending and enhancing learning time
Testing English : formative and summative approaches to English assessment
The 9th International Conference of Students of Systematic Musicology (SysMus16), Jyväskylän yliopisto, June 8-10 2016 : programme, abstracts & proceedings
To survive, you have to adjust : study abroad as a process of learning intercultural competence in nursing
The changing faces of virtual education
E-learning and communication in teachers' training project: case: ADAPTYKES project
Exploring opportunities to boost adult students' graduation : the reasons behind the delays and drop-outs of graduation
Role of trust in cross-cultural adaptation : the perspective of international degree students at a Finnish university
Entrance to education
Colloquial Russian. 2 : the next step in language learning
Evidence based quality in digital dental imaging
How to study linguistics
Education for world citizenship : preparing students to be agents of social change
Study abroad and early career : experiences of former Erasmus students
Study abroad and career identity : three narratives of English language students' journeys to English-speaking countries
"This practical and accessible workbook is designed to support physical education student teachers as they develop their basic teaching skills, and increase their broader knowledge and understanding for teaching physical education. A Practical Guide to Teaching Physical Education in the Secondary School provides a wealth of practical activities and materials, underpinned by relevant evidence/theory, designed to support student physical education teachers' learning: - case studies, examples of pupils' work, examples of existing good practice and a range of tried and tested strategies will support student teachers in their development - an annotated reference and resources section will give advice about selection of resources on the web and elsewhere - photocopiable resources and training materials, also available to download from the Routledge website, offer easy assistance in lesson planning and preparation"--
Educational leave in member states
Vietnamese Students' Decision Making Process on Choosing a Study Destination and Its Marketing Implications
The pursuit of history : aims, methods and new directions in the study of modern history
Applying E-learning at a Company for Training Staff : Vinpearl one member limited company
Journal of the freshman year experience
Competence- and Problem-Based Learning at Lapland University of Applied Sciences : Student Handbook
The story of a new name
Ways of reading : advanced reading skills for students of English literature
Cross-cultural approaches to leadership development
E-learning services in higher educational institutions in Finland Case Babahh Education –service
Vietnamese students' decision making process on choosing a study destination and its marketing implications
The student's guide to exam success
An experiment in teaching and learning ballet
Found
The study and teaching of international relations : a perspective on mid-career education
Study! : a guide to effective learning, revision and examination techniques
Dropouts : who drops out and why - and the recommended action
"Open the doors!" : Migrants in Higher Education : Fostering Cooperation at Universities Seminar 13.-14.12.2016 in Jyväskylä
In the age of digital music it seems striking that so many of us still want to produce music concretely with our bodies, through the movement of our limbs, lungs and fingers, in contact with those materials and objects which are capable of producing sounds. The huge sales figures of musical instruments in the global market, and the amount of time and effort people of all ages invest in mastering the tools of music, make it clear that playing musical instruments is an important phenomenon in human life. By combining the findings made in music psychology and performative ethnomusicology, Marko Aho shows how playing a musical instrument, and the pleasure musicians get from it, emerges from an intimate dialogue between the personally felt body and the sounding instrument. An introduction to the general aspects of the tactile resources of musical instruments, musical style and the musician is followed by an analysis of the learning process of the regional kantele style of the Perho river valley in Finnish Central Ostrobothnia.
Study skills For dummies
When in French : love in a second language
Taking control : autonomy in language learning
The challenge of learning of nursing : nursing studentsʼ experiences of the learning of nursing and its control
Student mobilities, migration and the internationalization of higher education
Education in prison  : studying through distance learning
Research skills for management studies
Personal study plans for university students : a guide for study counsellors
Education in Scotland
Princess in waiting
Forever princess
This wide-ranging survey of issues in intercultural language teaching and learning covers everything from core concepts to program evaluation, and advocates a fluid, responsive approach to teaching language that reflects its central role in fostering intercultural understanding. Includes coverage of theoretical issues defining language, culture, and communication, as well as practice-driven issues such as classroom interactions, technologies, programs, and language assessment Examines systematically the components of language teaching: language itself, meaning, culture, learning, communicating, and assessments, and puts them in social and cultural context Features numerous examples throughout, drawn from various languages,international contexts, and frameworks Incorporates a decade of in-depth research and detailed documentation from the authors' collaborative work with practicing teachers Provides a much-needed addition to the sparse literature on intercultural aspects of language education
Digital media in blended coaching : interaction and distance presence in adult education
What works for children with mathematical difficulties?
Education and its discontents : teaching, the humanities, and the importance of a liberal in the age of mass communication
Research on Foreign Study Intentions of Lu'an Natives
Ward managers view on the strategies for successful learning experiences for ELTDP nursing students in acute clinical practice setting in Finland
Strategies for college success : a study skills guide
International students' language use and attitudes towards English and Finnish
ERASMUS PROGRAMME STUDENT’S CHALLENGES FACED ABROAD AND THE IMPACT ON EUROPEAN COMMISSION OBJECTIVES
The SAGE handbook of international higher education
How physiotherapy students are learning physiotherapy in mental health and body awareness
Theologia : the fragmentation and unity of theological education
Write your own realistic fiction story
First year physics students' perceptions of studying foreign languages
Ward managers view of the strategies for successful learning experiences for ELTDP nursing students in acute clinical practice setting in Finland
"Beyond the walls"
Learning e-based digital imaging quality assurance
Deaf people around the world : educational and social perspectives
Using Chinese in China - challenges and opportunities : a case study of three Finnish sojourners
The expansion of higher education and time-consistent taxation
Culture, learning and the disciplines : theory and practice in cross-cultural orientation
Write your own fantasy stories
A language barrier is no match for love. Lauren Collins discovered this firsthand when, in her early thirties, she moved to London and fell for a Frenchman named Olivier--a surprising turn of events for someone who didn't have a passport until she was in college. But what does it mean to love someone in a second language? Collins wonders, as her relationship with Olivier continues to grow entirely in English. Are there things she doesn't understand about Olivier, having never spoken to him in his native tongue? Does "I love you" even mean the same thing as "je t'aime"? When the couple, newly married, relocates to Francophone Geneva, Collins--fearful of one day becoming "a Borat of a mother" who doesn't understand her own kids--decides to answer her questions for herself by learning French.  When in Frenchis a laugh-out-loud funny and surprising memoir about the lengths we go to for love, as well as an exploration across culture and history into how we learn languages--and what they say about who we are. Collins grapples with the complexities of the French language, enduring excruciating role-playing games with her classmates at a Swiss language school and accidently telling her mother-in-law that she's given birth to a coffee machine. In learning French, Collins must wrestle with the very nature of French identity and society--which, it turns out, is a far cry from life back home in North Carolina. Plumbing the mysterious depths of humanity's many forms of language, Collins describes with great style and wicked humor the frustrations, embarrassments, surprises, and, finally, joys of learning--and living in--French -
So many Everests
The princess diaries
Essentials of Team Building : Principles and Practices
Virtual connections in FUAS : creating the concept for a module including a work-related project
Studying abroad : a series of articles about Finnish students in the European village
Is blended best for the Net Generation? : a review of the changing landscape of foreign language learning in higher education
Study abroad : international guide : fellowships, scholarships, educational exchange = Études a l'étranger : guide international des bourses et échanges = Estudios en el extranjero : guía internacional de becas e intercambios educativos. 16, 1966-1968
Improving virtual teamwork in an international project
If you want to study in the United States. Booklet 1, Undergraduate study
New approaches for lifelong learning needed?
Study abroad
FACTORS THAT MOTIVATE THE NEW GENERATION STUDENTS TO STUDY ABROAD - Exchange students as a case study
Studying university & college
Decreasing drop-outs and promoting motivation and interest in optional foreign language studies
Nightmare on 5th floor?
Teachers' narrative inquiry as professional development
Engineering systems : modelling and control
Developing global citizenship online : an authentic alternative to overseas clinical placement
How HAMK could integrate its international students
The witch's daughter
Developing effective educational experiences through learning analytics
Academic writing for international students of business
Learning evidence-based digital imaging quality assurance
Education of Laura Bridgman : First deaf and blind person to learn language
The challenge of culture in student exchange : case H.O.T.E.L. Atlantis, first cohort
Princess in love
Creativity and democracy in education : practices and politics of learning through the arts
Why in-service teachers left their employment and pursued master's studies at a Finnish university
Princess in the spotlight
Smartphones in vocational tourism education : truly useful or just another reason to find new excuses
Gamification : an overview of mechanics and application
Guide for foreign applicants
What is communication studies?
