http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p478 recruitment of employees
recruitment of employees
45 effective ways for hiring smart! : how to predict winners and losers in the incredibly expensive people-reading game
The systematic recruitment of new blood donors
Recruitement model for Company Ltd and the impact of recruitment trends
Employing generation why? : understanding, managing, and motivating your new workforce
The low percentage of immigrant workers in the strong Finnish economy : an anomaly that challenges the main theories of migration?
Customer satisfaction study of staffing service X
This thesis is based on the project conducted by the author who created a practical job hunting manual for hospitality students in Helsinki. The idea for this project was formed over half a year ago, during the spring of 2008 when the author was looking for a summer job. She found it challenging to acquire all the necessary information in English and more specifically for her place of residence, Helsinki. This grievance was echoed by some of her fellow students, which is when the author decided to create her own manual.    The purpose of this thesis is to provide a concise and targeted manual of job hunting methods in English for hospitality students in Helsinki. The objectives of this thesis are to a) examine the Finnish labor market as well as the prediction of future labor opportunities and trends in the hospitality industry, b) inspect general recruitment methods, c) discuss general selection processes, focusing especially on interviews which are still the most common selection tools used today and d) link the findings to the practical advice in the manual, to show how they were applied and to make sure that the advice is reliable and valid.    The research was based on recent articles, HRM textbooks, course material and an interview. The product was developed with its target market in mind which included conducting a SWOT analysis, part of which was addressing the threat of similar products on the market. These competitors are discussed, giving significance to the product. A brief sketch of how the product could be promoted closes off the chapter dealing with the project plan.     In conclusion of the key results, the labor market in Finland looks promising for the service industry; the creation of new jobs is anticipated also in the hotel, restaurant and tourism sectors. Recruitment was found to be made up of a series of steps usually beginning with a job description followed by internal recruiting and in many cases also external recruiting. When there is great need, an organization may decide to hold a special event or invest in college recruiting. The amount and type of selection processes used by an organization will depend largely on its size, its need and the level of difficulty involved in finding the right people. The interview is the most common selection tool. Some organizations will also use employment tests as part of their screening process. Much of the advice was formulated from these findings and is based on an understanding of recruitment and selection processes from the perspective of the employer.
HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT IN TRANSITIONAL ECONOMY IN VIETNAM
On staffing : advice and perspectives from HR leaders
Interview math : over 50 problems and solutions for quant case interview questions
People as merchandise : crack the code to LinkedIn recruitment
"Businesses are built by growing relationships with customers. Culture is created by the stories those relationships tell. Two of the most important differentiators of a business are its talent and its culture. Talent energized by a compelling culture will drive organizational success and provide innovative growth opportunities for both the business and the individual. Based on her more than thirty years at Chick-fil-A, most of which have been spent as Vice President, Corporate Talent, Dee Ann Turner shares how Chick-fil-A has built a devoted talent and fan base that spans generations. It's My Pleasure tells powerful stories and provides practical applications on how to develop extraordinary talent able to build and/or stimulate a company's culture"--Jacket.
Practical job hunting manual for hospitality students in Helsinki
Recruiment process of a trainee
Fairness in employee selection
Talent magnet : getting talented people to work for you
Talent relationship management : competitive recruiting strategies in times of talent shortage
A handbook of human resource management practice
The topic of this thesis is important for Finnish schools as the funding of schools has been reduced and it is harder for schools to meet the requirements of law considering students right for education. In this manner comprehensive schools need more convenient and cost-effective ways for recruiting substitute teachers to make sure that the students will get the best possible teaching even when their regular teacher is absent. Substitute hiring and management requires a lot of work even on daily basis in the comprehensive schools. Theoretical part of this thesis consists of human resource management, legal aspects and current possibilities for using IT-tools when managing substitutes. These theoretical parts will be compared with the results of the research about how the substitute teachers are managed and recruited in comprehensive schools in Finland. Baltic countries are also reviewed briefly. The research for this thesis was made with qualitative method by sending a questionnaire to comprehensive school personnel in Finnish schools in order to get information about the actual practices and to get suggestions of how these practices could be developed. The outcome of the research was that the teachers and administrative personnel are spending a lot of time to find substitutes for the absences. The workload is partly due to the fact that the current systems in use are not always updated and the teachers struggle to reach suitable and adequate substitute. Findings of thesis conclude that there is need and willingness to start using IT-tools to support substitute management and that existing substitute databases are not fully utilised. Developed mobile application should connect to several databases such as recruitment service and administrative soft-wares to reach and allow diverse communication between teachers and substitutes.
Human resources management in the hospitality industry
Human resources management in the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
The significance of the employer image in the recruitement process : case: company X
Transition to a new online recruitment service  : case: Ministry of the Interior
Sustainable employer branding : guidelines, worktools and best practices
Strategic staffing
The new breed : understanding and equipping the 21st century volunteer
Importance of Language Proficiency in Recruitment in International Business
Headhunters and the 'ideal' executive body
Human resources policies and journalist recruitment at Capital Women in Vietnam
A library board's practical guide to finding the right library director
Human resource management for the event industry
Deception in selection : interviewees and the psychology of deceit
Returns to education in Finland
Brand identity in Finnish Higher Education Institutions
Executive search, headhunting, is now one of the archetypal new knowledge intensive professional services, as well as a labor market intermediary bound up with globalization. In this book, the authors examine the key actors in the process of executive search globalizatio-- leading global firms--and offer an interpretation of the forces producing the contemporary organizational strategies of global executive search. The Globalization of Executive Search documents the forms of institutional work that have legitimated the role of executive in elite labor markets and created demand for the services of global firms; this exposes not only the changing geographies of executive search, but also how executive search has established itself as a new knowledge intensive professional service. The authors reveal how the globalization of executive search is exemplary of the processes by which a range of new knowledge intensive professional services have come to be globally recognized, approaching the heart of contemporary capitalism"-- "This book examines the globalization of executive search. After examining the changing geographies of global executive search firms, the book uses the case of executive search to document the institutional work involved in legitimating, globalizing and creating demand for the services of new knowledge intensive professional services"--
The effects of information technology on job design at Hotel Kämp
Planning of human resource processes
75 ways for managers to hire, develop, and keep great employees
Magnet hospitals revisited : attraction and retention of professional nurses
Use of technology in the recruitment process : Norwegian and Polish HR market trends
Building great software engineering teams : recruiting, hiring, and managing your team from startup to success
Factors to Consider it the design of content and process modules of the HRM softwere system used in international recruitment and selection: Case company: Skillnet Oy
Recruitment and selection of international degree teachers : case: School X
The Globalization of executive search : professional services strategy and dynamics in the contemporary world
Readymade interview questions
Selecting the right people
Resourcing and talent management
Advances in selection and assessment
Consulting services operations manual : [a user's guide and practical aid to the process of recruiting and supervising consultants]
Recruitment at the Royal Swedish navy with the aid of intelligence tests
On-line recruiting of Finnish companies : comparison on ten Finnish companies and their methods of recruiting in the Internet
Recruitment & Social networking : The Future for International Recruitment Agency A
Recruitment consulting business in Finland : perspectives of consultants and their clients
Exploring human resource management
Interview Math provides over 50 practical problems and answers to help job seekers master quantitative interview questions.
Staffing organizations
Recruitment and selection of foreign workers in Canadian SMEs and suggestions to cope with the labour shortage
Essentials of human resource management
Human resources policies and journalist recruitment at Capital Women newspaper in Vietnam
Personnel selection and development
Why you? : 101 interview questions you'll never fear again
Fight for freedom
Using Social Media to Recruit Students in China
Personnel selection : adding value through people
Personnel management : a human resources approach
Abstract: Political recruitment of Finnish women in the 1995 parliamentary elections and candidate selection.
Japanese recruitment system for fresh graduates : a guide for foreign students
Recruiting Estonian doctors to Finnish hospitals : a case study of the Kymenlaakso Hospital District
The Oxford handbook of recruitment
Recruitment and engagement research for a language school
Recruiting, interviewing, selecting & orienting new employees
Case in point : graph analysis for consulting and case interviews
Students' expectation toward service of recruiment agencies in Vietnam
Personnel selection is changing. Whilst traditional face-to-face interviews are still common, the range of assessment processes that inform the selection of candidates is increasingly diverse, taking advantage not only of new technologies, but also using new methods and strategies, such as assessment centres and personality testing. This new collection looks at the most important contemporary issues in recruitment, selection and assessment today, highlighting the latest research from the perspective of both recruiter and applicant.
Personnel selection : test and measurement techniques
Talent : strategy, management, measurement
Job satisfaction of foreign employees in a global IT consultancy
Skill distribution of recruits in Finnish industry
Business Wargaming : securing corporate value
Managing substitute teachers and supporting IT-solutions in comprehensive schools : Finland
Employee recruitment, selection, and assessment : contemporary issues for theory and practice
War for talent - Recruitment within the financial services provider Company X
What kind of job-broker is the public employment service? : evidence from Finnish job vacancy microdata in 2002-2003
It's my pleasure : the impact of extraordinary talent and a compelling culture
Planning of Human Resource Processes : Recruiting and Introduction
Social media in employee selection and recruitment : theory, practice, and current challenges
Recruitment in a high-growth entrepreneurial company
Organizational culture management in Scandinavian Tobacco Ltd. in Latvia
Immigration strategy for Northern Ostrobothnia 2015
A video as source of marketing information about a student job fair : case company: MPA Consulting, Manchester, UK
The business of creativity : how to build the right team for success
F.I.N.D. transnational project : evaluation report 1999
A comparison of personal and professional cultures as important considerations in the recruitment of foreign nurses
Social media as a tool for recruiting : in a perspective of a small consulting company
Written by Stephen Taylor, CIPD Chief Examiner and author of the CIPD Resourcing and Talent Management module, this text provides a comprehensive overview of fundamental management issues through practical guidance and theoretical underpinning. Mapped to the CIPD unit Resourcing and Talent Management, this text boasts a broad coverage of an accessible writing style, making it ideal for all students studying all resourcing, talent management and recruitment and selection modules.
Recruitment Process Development : Improving the recruitment process at StaffPoint
Human Resource Management offers an accessible yet rigorous introduction to HRM. The language and integration of theoretical material enables students to gain a concise yet comprehensive view of the subject. This text presents the reader with a clear grasp of the theoretical and applied aspects of the subject and encourages constructive critical analysis.
The theory and practice of systematic personnel selection
Profitable food service management : thru recruitment and selection of employees
Brilliant answers to tough interview questions : smart answers to whatever they can throw at you
Human resource management : a concise analysis
The call centre training handbook : a complete guide to learning & development in contact centres
The employment interview : theory, research and practice
"Today's hospitality professional must be an expert at managing many functions. In every segment of the hospitality industry, recruiting, selecting, orienting, training, and retaining outstanding staff members are always challenging tasks, but every manager must master them. Hospitality managers now need to be familiar with rising labor costs, increasing competition for quality staff, changing employees' attitudes, evolving guest expectations and a proliferation of new laws that impact human resources policies and activities. "--
How to recruit
Abstract: Recruitment of MP's and determination of electoral success.
Employer branding in power industry
Hiring success : the art and science of staffing assesment and employee selection
When generations collide : who they are, why they clash, how to solve the generational puzzle at work
People resourcing
Attracting the young employee : Analysis of factors influencing the choice of  future workplace of IT students
Abstract: How should companies use employer branding in order to attract student and graduate applications? The research objective was to provide guidelines for companies to communicate to students and graduates as internal and recruitment markets. The primary research absorbed into their decision making processes when applying for jobs. The aim was to find out what attracts them at the announcements, what gets them to apply for the job and to keep working for the company. Primary research was conducted using both qualitative and quantitative method. The data was collected using questionnaire and two interviews. Internet questionnaire resulted 53 responses from students and graduated. The research found out that students and graduates appreciate job description, career possibilities and salary and benefits the most. The needs that job can satisfy are safety and esteem needs and the need for self-actualisation. From these, the company should concentrate its employer branding efforts to esteem needs and the need for self-actualisation. Employer marketing should focus on promotion and especially advertising. Job announcements are the employer brand advertisements and the ones that attract the students and graduates to apply for the company. Challenging and interesting job profiles are the ones that attract the students and graduates. The marketing communications for employer brand should inform and persuade. The channel should be Internet, both their own and external websites. The research was quite facile and the sample size small. It would be recommended to conduct it again using larger sample. There are lots of research about the area, but most of them are from human resource management point of view. It would be beneficial to research employer branding more from marketing point of view.
Headhunters and how to use them : a guide for organisations and individuals
Interview others : how to spot the perfect candidate
Abstract (1 s.).
Organization staffing and work adjustment
The professional recruiter's handbook : delivering excellence in recruitment practice
Achieving a triple win : human capital management of the employee lifecycle
Recruitment of international employees : Finnish companies recruiting foreigners
Steps for Developing a Professional Career Homepage for Winning  Most Suitable Employees for RPC
Internet recruitment and employer branding on the company internet recruitment site
Strategic Recruitment, Selection and Integration of International Labour force : A case study of Company X
The psychology of personnel selection : a quality approach
Temporary recruiment industry in Eastern and Eastern Central Europe
Staffing organizations : contemporary practice and theory
Abstract.
Human resource management in organisations : the theory and practice of high performance
And then there are none : on the exclusion of women in processes of executive search
Internship as a recruitment channel of foreign business degree students in Finland
Work rules! : insights from inside Google that will transform how you live and lead
Finding common ground : cross-cultural communication strategies for job seekers
The Scandinavian recruitment world 2000 : search, selection, outplacement
How should companies use employer branding in order to attract student and graduate applications?
Onboarding : how to get your new employees up to speed in half the time
English for human resources
Improving employment opportunities for foreign professionals in Finland
The attraction of culturally diverse employees into Finnish MNCs : a study on Finnish and Asian individuals’ attraction towards recruitment advertisements
Personnel analysis and its reliability
Managing substitute teachers and supporting IT solutions in comprehensive schools
Qualified manpower and equipment for the nuclear industry : proceeding of an international workshop = Personnel qualifié et équipements homologués pour l'industrie nucléaire : compte rendu d'une réunion de travail internationale, Paris, 2-3 décembre 1992.
Term length and the quality of appointments
Social media at work : / how networking tools propel organizational performance
Brilliant interview : what employers want to hear and how to say it
Youth volunteers : how to recruit, train, motivate and reward young volunteers
Managing people : a practical guide for front-line managers
Effective people management
Catering : a guide to managing a successful business operation
The secrets of successful sales management
Return migration in Central Europe : transnational migrants' perspectives and local businesses ́ needs
Labour markets are experiencing strong changes worldwide. The ongoing trends have an  effect on recruitment and the ability of organisations to attract the best experts. The  purpose of this thesis was to create a recruitment model for the commissioning company,  later referred to as Company Ltd. The effect of the trends was taken into account in the  recruitment model. The goal of this thesis was to enable Company Ltd to find both  motivated and committed employees with the help of the created recruitment model. A  constructive approach was applied in this thesis. The research methods included  benchmarking, surveying, and interviewing. Information was also obtained from recent  articles.  This thesis and assignment revealed the importance of Generation Y, which is about to  enter the labour market. The ability of organisations to communicate with each generation  in the labour market was also made clear. As the domestic and global demographics are  changing significantly, organisations are beginning to face shortage of skilled applicants.  Mismatches in skills and over-qualification gaps are expected all over Europe in the  future. Organisations must see job seekers as their customers. Planning the recruitment  process to serve the applicants improves employer brand and attractiveness as an  employer. This results in increased productivity when experts choose to apply to a  specific organisation.  As the outcome of this assignment, the recruitment model was created for Company Ltd.  The recruitment model has been presented in Chapter 5. Additional documentation  supporting the recruitment model was compiled and updated during this assignment. The  documentation was excluded from the thesis. It was discovered that Company Ltd should  focus on reaching the chosen target group of job seekers and to put emphasis on candidate  experience. Motivation and commitment as a result of the recruitment model were  challenging to validate. Due to changes in the operating environment, Company Ltd's  recruitment-related plans were not taken place in 2016 and this assignment. The results  of the survey carried out among the current personnel of Company Ltd explained what  motivates and commits employees to an organisation. These results comply with the  trends described in this thesis. The steps recommended to be taken by Company Ltd in  the future include actions that strengthen the organisation's employer brand, and  emphasizing candidate experience.
The influence of social media on employee recruitment. (Cameroon Development cooperation)
Managing people for the first time : gaining commitment and improving performance
CVs for dummies
Recruitment and Selection of international professionals : case company X
The careers service guide 1996
Demystifying talent management : a critical approach to the realities of talent
Assuring the efficiency of advertisement recruiment : in the war for talent
Hunt for the new CEO : a review of the selection process
Recruiting and selecting employees for export tasks of Finnish industrial companies in Turku region
Recruiting skilled orderlies for health care organization
Tourism student's appreciations, values and expectations of their dream job : case: Helsinki Expert
The perfect CV : how to get the job you really want
Search in the labour markets : empirical evidence of the role of technology and sanctions
A comparative study on challenges in the psychosocial work environment of Finnish and foreign-born general practitioners
