http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4787 simulation
simulation
Dye molecules on titatium dioxide surface: cluster and periodic surface models
Potential yield, return, and tree diversity of managed, uneven-aged Douglas-fir stands
Studies on numerical errors in large eddy simulation
Simulation and gaming in education
Shape sensitivity analysis for numerical solution of free boundary problems
On optimization of simulation based design
Simulation modeling of visitor flows : where have we been and where are we going?
Simulation, experimental design and mathematical programming for retrofit improvements to large scale thermal energy systems
15th Workshop on Parallel and Distributed Simulation, 15-18 May 2001, Lake Arrowhead, California : proceedings
PSpice simulation of power : electronics circuits : an introductory guide
Scheduling spatial arrangement and harvest simultaneously
EDMD collaboration and virtual prototyping
Interface between modeling software numerrin and multiobjective optimization tool NIMBUS
Artificial societies : the computer simulation of social life
Comparison of harvester work in forest and simulator environments
Introduction to computer simulation : a system dynamics modeling approach
Adjustment for covariate measurement errors in complex surveys : a simulation study of three competing methods
Three Dimensional Interactive Dental Charting
Statistical approach for determination of usage environments
Game-based teaching and simulation in nursing and healthcare
Installation and Simulation of a Simple Parking Lot Management System
WSC'01 : poceedings of the 2001 Winter Simulation Conference, December 9-12, 2001 Arlington, VA, U.S.A
Study on numerical and modelling errors in les using a priori and a posteriori testing
The softmatch-method : management of business process development projects using simulation games : process developer's manual
Rethinking computer-based simulation : concepts and models
Proceedings of MS'2000 International Conference on Modelling and Simulation, Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain 25-27 September 2000
Modifications for using the dynamic simulator ProsDS as a discrete rate simulator
Intelligent local area network planning
Adaptive model for on-line simulation of blast furnace
Simulation Aided Product Software Development
FPGA Based RTL Simulation Acceleration
The impact of distance to the farm compound on the options for use of the cereal plot
Simulation and measurement of colored surfaces
Digital continuous-system simulation
MELA2016 : reference manual
Studies on high speed uplink packet access performance enhancements
On transfer function noise model identification
Numerical simulation of fluid-structure interaction between acoustic and elastic waves
GIS based chemical fate modeling : principles and applications
Numerical simulations of spiral galaxies
How the inclusion of time creates complexity in dynamic decision-making environments
Modern simulation and modeling
Selecting the best model in regression analysis : application to the CALEX data
Plant simulation and control using WIZCON and WIZPLC
Simulation and representation of automata using auxiliary tape notation
Scenario analysis for the biomass supply potential and the future development of Finnish forest resources
Compared with the manufacturing of advanced countries, the application of simulation technology in the China is still in its early stages, the specific performance of the application of simulation technology Chinese the polarization is obvious, the majority of small and medium-sized enterprises in the application level of simulation technology and large enterprises have a big gap. The enterprise lacks the talent echelon of simulation technology application. The application of simulation technology maturity of most enterprises is still relatively low, the lack of simulation process specification, material database, but simulation technology independent application in various disciplines; from application and product simulation technology design and test department, also can only be simulation technology as a means of verification. The potential of China simulation software market is huge, but also need long-term cultivation. Aonesoft Company should keep their leading position in industry, development rapidly without loss of stability, continue to strive for best partner of ANSYS Asia Pacific area. Therefore Aonesoft Companys future will be thriving. The future of simulation software will be more intelligent and cross platform development. By strengthening the research and development of new simulation software and strengthen industry demand, through the pilot to promote the application of traditional simulation software upgrade. The environment and the industry structure of simulation software in the future will be more complete and solid also vivid.
Fire simulation for a 3D character with particles and motion capture data in Blender
Computer simulation of H and He effects in fusion reactor materials
Rekonnektio Maan magnetosfäärissä = Reconnection in Earth's magnetosphere
Numerical simulation of heat transfer in heating, cooling, drying, freezing, solidifying and melting processes
Solving classification problems with multicriteria decision aiding approaches
Detection of distributed denial-of-service attacks in encrypted network traffic
Design and Simulation of Tail Lifts for Truck
Complex flow dynamics in dense granular flows
Critical evaluation of systems analysis in ecosystems research and management
Regional predictions concerning the effects of climate change on forests in southern Finland
From paper making simulation and optimization towards engineering decision support
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
Stochastic simulation and optimization of mobile chipping economics in processing and transport of forest biomass from residues
Financial markets in the BOF4 model of the Finnish economy
Java launcher for simulation tool
Interactions and patterns between species diversity and genetic diversity
Quantum effects in one-dimensional optical flat-band lattices
The potential, cost-efficiency and impacts of intensified management of Finnish forests for next 100 years were assessed using a national-level scenario analysis. This document serves as a technical description of the applied models and methods, but also includes a brief synthesis of the results. Data from the 10th Finnish National Forest Inventory was used to forecast the consequences of alternative management scenarios. Four final scenarios were constructed using MOTTI stand simulator and linear programming package J. Business-as-usual -scenario was compared to three other options that aimed either at high quality raw material, intensive management resulting both quantity and quality of timber, or at low-cost-low-output (extensive) forestry. If the intensity of forest management will remain at the current level, the growing stock will increase. Increasing amount of high quality raw material for forest industry can be produced but it necessitates also increase in annual management practices. For example, treatment areas of young stand management should be doubled compared to current areas in order to maintain or increase cutting removals of high quality wood. It is possible to increase annual removals in a sustainable manner by applying more intensive forest management that also improves profitability nearly 50%. The annual removals can be ca. 40% higher than the current level, and the annual energy wood removal can be over 10 mill m3. Despite increased removals, sustainable wood and biomass production during next 100 years can be achieved. Intensively managed forest are more efficient capturing carbon from atmosphere than extensively managed forests, but the climate impacts depend on the use of removed carbon (end-products made from the removed wood biomass).
A Handbook for 3D Create
Modelling and simulation 1991 : proceedings of the 1991 European Simulation Multiconference, June 17-19, 1991, the Panum Institute, Copenhagen, Denmark
Motion simulation and mechanism design with COSMOSMotion 2007
Development of Strategy for Multi-Robot Control In Confrontational Environments
Simulation modeling and analysis
Downlink channel quality indication for Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access Network
Simulated Patient Methodology is a timely book, aimed at health professional educators and Simulated Patient (SP) practitioners. It connects theory and evidence with practice to ensure maximum benefit for those involved in SP programmes, in order to inform practice and promote innovation. The book provides a unique, contemporary, global overview of SP practice, for all health sciences educators. Simulated Patient Methodology: Provides a cross-disciplinary overview of the field, Considers practical issues such as recruiting and training simulated patients, and the financial planning of SP programmes, Features case studies, illustrating theory in practice, drawn from across health professions and countries, to ensure relevance to localised contexts Written by world leaders in the field, this invaluable resource summarises the theoretical and practical basis of all human-based simulation methodologies.
On heuristic hybrid methods and structured point sets in global continuous optimization
HUTSIM : simulation tool for traffic signal control planning
Bioinformatic approaches for integration of genomic information
"This book covers the integration of chemical fate modeling for use in Geographic Information System (GIS) functions. It features a practical and hands-on approach that's intended for modelers preparing maps of chemical emissions, and creating landscape and climate properties within a GIS, while chemical fate calculations are performed using specialized model codes. A relevant part of the book also discusses data retrieval and processing as a basis for modeling. As such, the book offers a one-stop reference for practitioners who wish to integrate GIS with chemical modeling"--
The effects of structural and environmental factors on the swelling behavior of montmorillonite-beidellite smectites : a molecular dynamics approach
Evaluation of academic funding system by simulation
Pedagogical guidelines for simulator training
Probing the interplay of microbes and medicine in a hospital setting using an individual-based model
Simulation and recognition of handwriting movements : a vertical approach to modeling human motor behavior
A fictitious domain method for the generalized stokes problem with application to unsteady Navier-Stokes flow simulations
Towards multiobjective process synthesis
Statistical techniques in simulation. 2
The order-disorder interface tension in quantum chromodynamics and spin models
Continuous system modeling
Certification Process for TONISCO Systems Oy  : Drilling Device TONISCO B30
Effects of precommercial thinning strategies on stand structure and growth in a mixed even-aged stand of Scots pine, Norway spruce and birch in southern Sweden
Service platform implementation for simulation systems
Renewing of UNIC C3 test rig
Simulation environment for the C14-experiment
Simulation in Manufacturing
WCDMA radio network performance
Synthesis of phase-locked loop : analytical methods and simulation
Application of ant colony optimization for the risk management of wind damage in forest planning
Utilization of an ice vest and its effects on core body temperature in wheelchair rugby players during a simulated game situation
Numerical simulations in astrophysics : proceedings of the first UNAM-CRAY Supercomputing Workshop, "Numerical Simulations in Astrophysics: Modelling the Dynamics of the Universe", held in Mexico City, México, July 26-30, 1993
A simulation model for a floating-gate Mosfet circuit
Adaptive modeling and simulation : proceedings of the First International Conference on Adaptive Modeling and Simulation held in Göteborg, Sweden 29 September- 1 October 2003
QoS- and revenue-aware resource allocation mechanisms in multiclass IP networks
Group cohesion and behavior in a simulated combat situation : empirical results from two Infantry platoons
LED packaging for lighting applications : design, manufacturing, and testing
Student edition of Simulink : Dynamic system simulation software for technical education
Growth of two-dimensional Au patches in graphene pores : a density-functional study
Improving the operation of an emergency department by using a simulation model
A model for evaluating dispersed outdoor recreation use estimation
Improvement of Java-based NS-2 Visualizer
Novel methods in soft matter simulations
Principles of flight simulation
Learning and the simulation game
Interest-based topology management in unstructured peer-to-peer networks
A computer-based simulation to enhance official communication in the health care process : how does it promote the facilitating and learning processes?
Using ERP as Data Source for Discrete-event Simulation Model
Possibilities to aggregate raster cells through spatial optimization in forest planning
Factors affecting simulator-training effectiveness
Mathematical models and simulation of Costas loops
A review of the applicability of existing tree and forest characteristics prediction models to forest inventory in Vietnam and Nepal
Mobile Ad Hoc Network
Image reconstruction with error modelling in diffuse optical tomography
Advertising policies : computer simulation and control approach
Simulations of spiral galaxies
Large-scale water simulation in games
Axure RP 6 prototyping essentials : creating highly compelling, interactive prototypes with Axure that will impress and excite decision makers
Reliable control over approximation errors by functional type a posteriori estimates
3rd International Sandis Workshop : 31 August - 4 September, 2009, Valkeakoski, Finland : proceedings
Numerical simulations of gaseous spiral arms in a two-component disk galaxy
Simulation model design and execution : building digital worlds
Design and simulation of high-speed rotating electrical machinery
On intensity-dependent marking of Log Gaussian Cox processes
Handover performance in IEEE 802.16 mobile networks
Interface archaeology in simulation culture
Analysis of Parabolic Leaf Spring Failure
International management strategies for a stradding fish stock : a bio-economic simulation model of the Norwegian spring-spawning herring fishery
Computational methods for process simulation
Modeling and measurement of partial spatial coherence
In a closed market, roundwood buyers pricing system affect the roundwood flow from the stands to different roundwood users. If a buyer is capable to discriminate higher value stands from low quality stands better than its competitors, the buyer should be able to buy better raw material. In the study, a discrete event simulation was used to examine the effect of residual value appraisal (RVA) -based pricing of roundwood by log dimensions and grades compared to the traditional pricing based on average unit prices (UP) of roundwood assortments on roundwood flow. The core of the simulation model was the data containing 51 pine dominated stands from southern Finland. Sample trees were theoretically bucked by the bucking simulator in order to estimate the volumes, dimensions and grades of the logs and roundwood assortments. The simulation model of roundwood markets included four roundwood buyers, two corporations and two saw milling enterprises. The main finding of the study was that the buyers who use RVA gains an advantage and receives better quality compared to buyers who use UP. As the number of buyers using RVA increases, the competition increased and the advantage decreased..
Designing your own simulations
Global warming, forest biodiversity and conservation strategies in boreal landscapes
Four different management strategies were applied to a young mixed stand of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.), Norway spruce (Pices abies (L.) Karst.) and birch (Betula pendula Roth and Betula pubescens Ehrh.) in southern Sweden. All strategies included an initial precommercial thinning to ca. 2400 stems ha-1. The different aims were: (i) a conifer-dominated stand with focus on high productivity; (ii) a conifer-dominated stand with high quality timber; (iii) keeping a stem-wise species mixture; (iv) a mosaic-wise species mixture. Stem selection according to the different strategies were simulated with a starting point from plots with a 5 m radius. All strategies were applied to all of the plots. A growth simulator was used to simulate the stand development up to final felling. This study illustrates the possibilities for influencing the structure of a mixed stand through precommercial thinning. The study also illustrates the long-term effects on stand structure and volume yield by consequently applying a management strategy from precommercial thinning until final felling. Precommercial thinning was found to be a useful tool to influence the stand structure in accordance to the aims set. However, the opportunities for influencing the stand by precommercial thinning were restricted by natural settings and unconditional considerations (e.g. tree vitality, stem quality, regular spacing), beyond what could be judged from stand average data. The stem volume production during a rotation was 6% lower for (iii) and (iv) compared to (i) and (ii), mainly due to a greater proportion of birch in the former strategies..
Macroeconomic foundations and simulation properties of the BOF4 quarterly model of the Finnish economy
Mathematical models and stability analysis of induction motors under sudden changes of load
Simulation of geometric thinning systems and their time requirements for young forests
Computational methods for large systems : electronic structure approaches for biotechnology and nanotechnology
Probabilistic modelling of PM[sup2.5] exposures in the working age population of Helsinki metropolitan area
Computed tomography and ultrasound methods for simultaneous evaluation of articular cartilage and subchondral bone
Interatomic potentials for fusion reactor material simulations
Novel solutions for improving solid-state photon detector performance and manufacturing
Helicopter flight dynamics : the theory and application of flying qualities and simulation modelling
The Use of Simulation with Supply Chains
Modeling the mechanical behavior of carbon nanostructures
Evaluation of growth models used in the Swedish Forest Planning System Heureka
Combining experts' ratings for partly overlapping concept lists : a feasibility test with cultural sustainability indicators
Real-time simulation of multibody systems with applications for working mobile vehicles
Novel control, haptic and calibration methods for teleoperated electrohydraulic servo systems
Multipoint transmission scheme for HSDPA
Fourteenth Workshop on Parallel and Distributed Simulation, May 28-31, 2000, Bologna, Italy : PADS 2000 : proceedings
Comparison of alternative roundwood pricing systems - a simulation approach
Analysis and performance of FBMC techniques with application to relay networks
Computer simulation as a tool for developing alternatives for managing crowding at wilderness campsites on Isle Royale
Discrete element model for viscoelastic materials with brittle fracture : applications on glacier dynamics
Simulation games in learning
Dynamics and growth of grains in two dimensional systems
EDMD Collaboration and Virtual Prototyping
Efficient numerical methods for simulating continuous casting processes
Model-driven development of control applications : modeling tools, simulations and safety
The Use of Simulation in Facility Layout Planning
Petri nets in simulating TNF-α induced NF-ҡB activation
SIMTER  - A joint simulation tool for production development
Application Workflow Analysis and Simulation
Passenger Information System Simulation
Applied simulation and modelling : proceedings of the twelfth IASTED International Conference : September 3-5, 2003, Marbella, Spain
The current situation and prospect of Aonesoft Company and the simulation software product
System theory : analysis, modeling and simulation of electrical processes
"The book provides the fundamental knowledge necessary for the application of GIS in solving chemical fate modeling problems"--
Sulfur-Iodine thermochemical cycle for hydrogen production
Nonlinear distortion in wireless systems : modeling and simulation with MATLAB
A theta method-based numerical simulation of crack growth in linear elestic fracture
Simulations of topological defects and impurities in superfluid 3He
Computer simulation of liquid crystal polymer systems with complex topology
Analysis of the fragmentation function based on ATLAS data on proton-proton collisions at √s=7 TeV
Flexible multibody simulation approach in the dynamic analysis of bone strains during physical activity
Principles of discrete event simulation
Towards understanding powder behavior via simulation
Elements of simulation
Computer simulation in physical geography
Development of an Interactive 3-D Virtual Environment Test Bed For Motorbikes
A chemistry-transport model simulation of the stratospheric ozone for 1980 to 2019
HSC Chemistry® 7.0 : user's guide. Vol. 2/2, Sim flowsheet module
A methodology for modelling and coordination of industrial production and energy complexes. Part 1, A methodology for quantitative and qualitative modelling and simulation of industrial production and energy complexes
Effect of ligand-binding on protein function
Monitoring and managing recreational use in backcountry landscapes using computer-based simulation modeling
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Analyses of the growth of Scots pine : matching structure with function
Photosynthesis and Rubisco kinetics in spring wheat and meadow fescue under conditions of simulated climate change with elevated CO[sub 2] and increased temperatures
Symbolic simulation of hybrid systems
The focus of this Bachelor's thesis was to become acquainted with vertical MOS transistors and to develop a simulation model for a floating-gate MOSFET circuit. The goal was to develop a behavioral model of the circuit that could be used for simulating control voltage behavior with different gate charges at variable temperatures. In addition the model should be easily modified if different implementations are considered. The MOSFET circuit consists of two vertical DMOS transistors that have their gates connected to each other with a bonding wire. The floating gate stores electric charge. The first transistor functions as a MOS capacitor having its source and drain short-circuited. The charge level on the gate can be determined by increasing the control voltage at the shorted node of the MOS capacitor until the second MOS transistors channel opens to a predefined stage. The Measurements of a vertical DMOS transistor and the floating-gate MOSFET circuit were used as a basis for the transistor model. A low frequency C-V curve was measured and its behavior was replicated in the simulation model. The temperature effect on the input capacitance was also implemented into the MOS transistor model. The result was a behavioral simulation model that models the required control voltage level of the circuit as a function of temperature and gate charge. The achieved model is not adequately accurate but it offers knowledge for modeling the floating-gate MOSFET circuit.
Simulation fundamentals
Priority scheduling revisited - dominant rules, open protocols and integrated order management
Nokia Solutions and Networks (NSN) requires new tools for collaborating electronic and mechanic design phases in its product development. In the first part of this thesis will be introduced Electrical Data Mechanical Data (EDMD) application; the software will be tested within a project to resolve tool’s possibilities and challenges from NSN’s point of view. Results of the study will be used for deciding further usage of the tool. Secondly the thesis will study virtual prototyping as a new working method and also related simulation tools. Tested EDMD tool is one module of the simulation environment. Virtual prototyping will be tested within real product development process and experiences of team members will be utilized to improve NSN’s practices. EDMD tool’s suitability for NSN’s development was tested during short but intensive testing period. Tests were carried out by five experts according to pre-decided testing plan. Virtual prototyping was trialed in project of which team members were instructed to use the new way of working. Simulation tools were tested in same project and collected testing data was analyzed with experts. Testing of EDMD tool succeeded despite of the tide schedule. Tool support was excellent and majority of problems was solved swiftly enabling performance of all planned testing tasks. EDMD tool clearly has potentiality as in addition of visual aid it improves communication between separate design modules. Also new practice of using virtual prototyping received positive feedback from the project team. As a result of the study a conclusive report was presented to NSN for further actions.
Simulation of weld line strength
Computer simulation in management science
Simulating societies : the computer simulation of social phenomena
Generalized symmetries in nanostructure simulations
A study of TD-CDMA and WCDMA radio network enhancements
Equity premium and consumption disasters : Lucas-tree model with power utility
Knowledge based simulation systems : a survey
Development of hydrometallurgical reactor leaching for recovery of zinc and gold
A guide to simulation
Simulated Patient Methodology : Theory, Evidence and Practice
Numerical simulation of processes : SIMS-88 symposium, Espoo, Finland, 21-22 April 1988 : the 30th annual meeting of the Scandinavian Simulation Society SIMS
Oscillations of dynamical systems applied in drilling : analytical and numerical methods
