http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4784 organisational democracy
organisational democracy
The global commonwealth of citizens : toward cosmopolitan democracy
International monitoring of plebiscites, referenda and national elections : self-determination and transition to democcracy
The global legitimacy game : civil society, globalization, and protest
Translating popular education : civil society cooperation between Sweden and Estonia
A road unforeseen : women fight the Islamic State
The rise of the Russian democrats : the causes and consequences of the elite revolution
Politicising democracy : the new local politics of democratisation
Civil society in Nicaragua
Patterns of democracy : government forms and performance in thirty-six countries
The challenge of democratic representation in the European Union
Fact-finding/needs assessment mission to Liberia, 11-16 May 1998.
Global democracy initiatives : the art of possible
Union democracy : the internal politics of the International Typographical Union
Evaluation : Political Parties of Finland for Democracy (DEMO Finland) Development Programme
Are NGOs harbingers of democratization in Tanzania?
"Based on an in-depth examination of Mexico's print and broadcast media over the last twenty-five years, this book is the most richly detailed account available of the role of the media in democratization, demonstrating the reciprocal relationship between changes in the press and changes in the political system. In addition to illuminating the nature of political change in Mexico, this accessibly written study also has broad implications for understanding the role of the mass media in democratization around the world." --Publisher's description.
Freedom of association : seminar organised by the Secretariat General of the Council of Europe in co-operation with the Ministry of Justice of Iceland, Reykjavik (Iceland), 26-28 8. 1993 = Liberté d'association : séminaire organisé par le Secrétariat Général du Conseil de l'Europe en collaboration avec le Ministère de la Justice de l'Islande, Reykjavik (Islande), 26-28.8.1993
Young socialists for equality and democracy : report by the general secretary IUSY-policy and IUSY-activities 1963-1966
Radical democracy and the Internet : interrogating theory and practice
Alternate civilities : democracy and culture in China and Taiwan
Labour movements, employers and the state : conflict and co-operation in Britain and Sweden
Voices from southern civil societies : the interplay of national and global contexts in the performance of civil society organisations in the South. Country case studies
Industrial relations and environmental protection in Europe : problem analysis : overview of various countries : outlook
Beyond sovereignty : collectively defending democracy in the Americas
Democracy beyond borders : justice and representation in global institutions
Labour law in the Netherlands
Employee representatives in an enlarged Europe. Vol. 1
Transformations in trade politics : West African civil society participation in economic partnership negotiations with the European Union
Global democracy : the case for a world government
What is radical politics today?
Navigating between ideas of democracy and gendered local practices in Vietnam : a Bakhtinian reading of development aid practice
Building global democracy? : civil society and accountable global governance
EU - do you hear me? : the role of civil society organisations in the democratisation of the European Union
NGOs and civil society : democracy by proxy?
Diminished democracy : from membership to management in American civic life
The transformation of Finnish labour relations
World democratic federalism : peace and justice indivisible
Growing flowers in the frost : civic activity, citizenship and gender on Russia
In defense of globalization
Building Europe without dividing lines : the role of the Council of Europe from 1949 to the new millenium
From a recipient of aid towards an independent actor : the impacts of EU integration on Estonia's civil society
Globalization and civil society : NGO influence in international decision-making
"The scale, effectiveness and legitimacy of global governance lag far behind the world's needs. This path-breaking book examines how far civil society involvement provides an answer to these problems. Does civil society make global governance more democratic? Have citizen action groups raised the accountability of global bodies that deal with challenges such as climate change, financial crises, conflict, disease and inequality? What circumstances have promoted (or blocked) civil society efforts to make global governance institutions more democratically accountable? What could improve these outcomes in the future? The authors base their argument on studies of thirteen global institutions, including the UN, G8, WTO, ICANN and IMF. Specialists from around the world critically assess what has and has not worked in efforts to make global bodies answer to publics as well as states. Combining intellectual depth and political relevance, Building Global Democracy? will appeal to students, researchers, activists and policymakers"--
States and social movements
The legitimacy of international organizations
Alternatives to economic globalization : a better world is possible
Employee representatives in Europe and their economic prerogatives [2001]
The europeanisation of law : the legal effects of European integration
Critical theories, international relations and "the anti-globalisation movement" : the politics of global resistance
Citizen politics : public opinion and political parties in advanced industrial democracies
African democracy and development : challenges for post-conflict African nations
Political parties : a sociological study of the oligarchical tendencies of modern democracy
Legitimacy, justice and public international law
Voluntary organisations : citizenship, learning and change
Working together, working better? : the European Commission and functional representation in the social Open Method of Coordination
Direct action and democracy today
Rule of law : prospects in Central Asia rural areas and human problems
Foreign agents in Russia : discoursive analysis on foreign agents in Russia
Identity in democracy
Workers' workplace organisations : their conceptual identification, historically specific conditions and manifestations
Building bridges or digging trenches? : civil society engagement after the arab spring
Alternatives to economic globalization : a better world is possible : a report of the international forum on globalization
Democratizing global politics : discourse norms, international regimes, and political community
IIRA 4th European Regional Congress, Helsinki, Finland, 24-26 August. Plenary 2, Workplace Europe - new forms of bargaining and participation
Human rights, self-determination and political change in the Occupied Palestinian territories
Voices from southern civil societies : the interplay of national and global contexts in the performance of civil society organisations in the South. [1], Main report
The participation of states in international organisations : the role of human rights and democracy
Is structurelessness democratic? : two normative frameworks for debates at the World Social Forum
Democratization in Russia under Gorbachev, 1985-91 : the birth of a voluntary sector
Exporting democracy : rhetoric vs. reality
New participatory dimensions in civil society : professionalization and individualized collective action
China, democracy, and law : a historical and contemporary approach
Cultural governance and resistance in Pacific Asia
Democracy and the role of associations : political, organizational, and social contexts
A possible world : democratic transformation of global institutions
Just world : a Fabian manifesto
Evaluation of Political Parties of Finland for Democracy (DEMO Finland) Development Programme.
Reclaim the state : experiments in popular democracy
NGOs as Harbingers of Democratization? : The case of Tanzania
Civil societies and social movements : potentials and problems
Reflexive labour law : studies in industrial relations and employment regulation
Performing political opposition in Russia : the case of the youth group Oborona
Civic mind and good citizens : comparative perspectives
Final report on the Citizen participation policy programme
From a global market place to political spaces : the North-South dialogue continues
Functional representation and democracy in the EU : the European Commission and social NGOs
The end of representative politics
Nongovernments : NGOs and the political development of the Third World
Transnational democracy : political spaces and border crossings
Democracy and association
Transitions to Democracy and the Palestinians
Foreign agents in Russia : discoursive analysis on foreign agents in Russia 2012-2013
Civil society participation in European and global governance : a cure for the democratic deficit?
Politicians and politics in Latin America
Building the fourth estate : democratization and the rise of a free press in Mexico
Employee representatives in an enlarged Europe. Vol. 2
