http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4796 princes (royalty)
princes (royalty)
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 8
With Mare powerless as a prisoner of Maven Calore, the boy she once loved, her rebel Reds continue to organize and train as they prepare for war, while exiled prince Cal sets out to rescue Maven from captivity.
Red queen
Under a silver moon
From the bestselling, award-winning author of The Princess and the Peas comes the perfect potty training book for little princes and princesses everywhere.Prince George wants to go on adventures, but his nappy keeps getting in the way! It must be time for the prince to use the Royal Potty.
Georgie, the royal prince fairy
Ella Bella Ballerina and Cinderella
The prince's bedtime
Fairy tale favorites : 3 books in 1!
Beauty and the beast
Code geass, Lelouch of the rebellion. 2, Stage -2- knight
The favorite
Ang prinsipeng duwag = The cowardly prince
Prince of Persia : the sands of time
The royal baby
The heart of Betrayal
A farewell to charms : A princess for hire book
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 4
William & Kate : a royal love story
Code geass, Lelouch of the rebellion. 0, Stage -0- entrance
Once upon a prince
That's not my prince
Code geass, Lelouch of the rebellion. 3, Stage -3- sword
Snarling of wolves
Prince of Persia - The forgotten sands : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
The prince, the princess and the perfect murder
Princess of Glass
A young elemental mage named Iaolanthe Seabourne discovers her shocking power and destiny when she is thrown together with a deposed prince to lead a rebellion against a tyrant
Disney's The little mermaid : [the original movie book and cd collection]
Prinsipe malungkot = The sad prince
The Princes and the Treasure
Sandstone diaries : seeing the self she is creating
Graceling
The Royal wedding for dummies
Scarlet Benoit and Wolf, a street fighter who may have information about her missing grandmother, join forces with Cinder as they try to stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen Levana in this story inspired by Little Red Riding Hood.
Captain Will Laurence and his noble dragon Temeraire battle against Bonaparte's invading forces.  When China discovers that their rare gift, meant for Napoleon, is now in the hands of the British forces, they demand the return of the dragon
Lupo and the secret of Windsor Castle
"A young elemental mage named Iaolanthe Seabourne discovers her shocking power and destiny when she is thrown together with a deposed prince to lead a rebellion against a tyrant"
Beauty : a retelling of the story of Beauty & the beast
Sir Fartsalot hunts the booger : a novel
Throne of jade
The false prince
Kind Beauty grows to love the Beast at whose castle she is compelled to stay and through her love releases him from the spell which had turned him from a handsome prince into an ugly beast.
Princess of glass
The iron daughter
The little prince
The burning sky
Lady Kestrel's engagement to Valoria's crown prince calls for great celebration: balls and performances, fireworks and revelry. But to Kestrel it means a cage of her own making. Embedded in the imperial court as a spy, she lives and breathes deceit and cannot confide in the one person she really longs to trust. While Arin fights to keep his country's freedom from the hands of his enemy, he suspects that Kestrel knows more than she shows. As Kestrel comes closer to uncovering a shocking secret, it might not be a dagger in the dark that cuts him open, but the truth. Lies will come undone, and Kestrel and Arin learn just how much their crimes will cost them.
Prince of thorns
The East is pitted against the West, and Kestrel and Arin are caught between. In a game like this, can anybody really win? / Library of Congress.
The winner's kiss
The eternity key
The best of times
Princess of thorns
The one
The story of Prince George
Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs
As plague ravages the overcrowded Earth, observed by a ruthless lunar people, Cinder, a gifted mechanic and cyborg, becomes involved with handsome Prince Kai and must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect the world in this futuristic take on the Cinderella story.
Mr Wolf and the enormous turnip
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 6
Prince of Persia : The forgotten sands : PC DVD-ROM
A secret alchemy
The frog prince
Code geass, Lelouch of the rebellion. 4, Stage -4- sword
Mirror sword and shadow prince
The Elite
In this 30th anniversary edition, Goldman frames the famous fairy tale with an "autobiographical" story; his father had abridged the book as he read it to his son. Now, Goldman is publishing an abridged version, interspersed with comments on the parts that had been cut out. Presents the timeless love story between a farm boy named Westley and the beautiful Princess Buttercup.
The golden carpet : a story from Armenia
The iron king
The frog bride
The pea and the princess
The winner's crime
Rapunzel and the Billy Goats
William and Harry
Gesta principum Polonorum = The deeds of the princes of the Poles
Dirty Bertie : An English King Made in France
Prince Ribbit
Prince Harry : Brother, soldier, son
The royal nappy
Ellie & the sea monster
Ella Bella Ballerina and a Midsummer night's dream
Banished
Anne of Green Gables
The selection series collection : The Selection / The Elite / The One / The Guard / The Prince
Harry : a biography
Highland scandal
Charm
Stories of princes & princesses
The royal treatment : a princess for hire book
In the country of Carthya, a devious nobleman engages four orphans in a brutal competition to be selected to impersonate the king's long-missing son in an effort to avoid a civil war.
If you're reading this I'm already dead
Rapunzel and the prince of pop
The shadow prince
The princess bride : S. Morgenstern's classic tale of true love and high adventure : the "good parts" version, abridged
The crown
Between the lines
Prince George and the royal potty
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 7
Prince Charmless
Starbook : a magical tale of love and regeneration
The princess and the packet of frozen peas
Charles : the heart of a king
The kiss that missed
William : HRH Prince William of Wales
If You're reading this I'm already dead
When he was nine, he watched his mother and brother killed before him. By the time he was thirteen, he was the leader of a band of bloodthirsty thugs. By fifteen, he intends to be king... It's time for Prince Honorous Jorg Ancrath to return to the castle he turned his back on, to take what's rightfully his. Since the day he was hung on the thorns of a briar patch and forced to watch Count Renar's men slaughter his mother and young brother, Jorg has been driven to vent his rage. Life and death are no more than a game to him-and he has nothing left to lose. But treachery awaits him in his father's castle. Treachery and dark magic. No matter how fierce, can the will of one young man conquer enemies with power beyond his imagining?
The fairytale hairdresser and Beauty and the Beast
The iron knight
Fairytale hairdresser and the Sugar plum fairy
The hidden kingdom
His royal whiskers
The Selection. Book 1, The Selection Series : [Elektroninen aineisto
Fireblood
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 5
Goliath
The philospher prince
Sleeping Beauty
The fairytale hairdresser and the little mermaid
The royal treatment
The winner's kiss : a novel
Blood song
The kiss of deception
Prince Harry : brother, soldier, son
The prince and I
Princess between worlds
The revolt of Owain Glyn Dŵr
The prince who loved me
The heir apparent : a life of Edward VII, the playboy prince
How to catch a prince
Felix and the blue dragon
Enchanted
Behemoth
King's cage
Red Queen
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 3
Following the intrigue and danger of The Winner's Curse and the revolution and romance of The Winner's Crime, Kestrel finds herself in the tundra's mines and Arin has sailed home. The empire seems unstoppable. Lies will come undone, and Kestrel and Arin will learn just how much their crimes will cost them in this third and final installment in the heart-stopping Winner's trilogy.
