http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4797 royalty
royalty
The women of the Cousins' war : the duchess, the queen and the king's mother
A secret alchemy
Royal tourism : excursions around monarchy
Boy princess. vol. 1
The royal families of Europe
Me, the Queen and Christopher
Matthias Kalm (1793-1833) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Buckingham palace : official guide
The girl who raced Fairyland all the way home
Dynasties of the world : a chronological and genealogical handbook
Princess Margaret : a biography
Rutström, Carol Birger (1758-1826) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Kushiel's mercy
A celebration of the most influential and thought-provoking speeches that have shaped the world we live in. With comprehensive, chronological coverage of speeches from the 20th and 21st centuries, taken from all corners of the globe, entries all feature photo headshots of the speakers plus an introduction explaining the background behind every speech and biographical details of each of the speakers as well as analysis of each speech throughout including buzzwords, memorable phrases and marginal notes.
Grace kelly : the secret lives of a princess
Lady Victoria Georgiana Charlotte Eugenie, 34th in line for the throne, is flat broke. She's bolted Scotland, her greedy brother, and her fish-faced betrothed for London. The place where she'll experience freedom, learn life lessons aplenty, do a bit of spying for HRH - oh, and find a dead Frenchman in her tub. Now her new job is to clear her long family name.
Cloak of war
Fashion at Royal Ascot : three centuries of thoroughbred style
Crown and camera : the Royal Family and photography 1842-1910
The royal yacht Caroline, 1749
Dahl was the second Demonstrator in Botany (1786-1789) at Åbo Akademi. He died soon after arriving to Åbo (Turku), and his career here is poorly known. The main duty of demonstrators were to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. Dahl sent to Åbo a considerable herbarium prior to his arrival. It included 6000 specimens, of which about 1000 had once belonged to Herbarium Linnaeanum, but donated to Claes Alströmer, Dahls employer at Alingsås, Christinedahl, Västra Götaland in Sweden. That herbarium, like all collections at Åbo, were almost completely burn in 1827 in the Great Fire of Åbo. The number of exsisting specimens in Herbarium Dahlianum at University of Helsinki, Botanical Museum is 215. It includes specimens once owned by e.g. Pehr Kalm, Carl von Linné the Elder and Younger, Peter Simon Pallas, Carl Peter Thunberg and Martin Vahl.
The Boleyn king : a novel
Lupo and the secret of Windsor Castle
The history & treasures of Windsor Castle
Johannes Gustavus Justander (1764-1833) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Miles, mystery & mayhem
The Queen Mother
Boy princess. vol. 6
1000 years of royal books and manuscripts
The cunning house
The heir apparent : a life of Edward VII, the playboy prince
Diana : the caring princess : in her own words
The magnificent moon hare
Diana : her last love
Boy princess. vol. 9
The princess and the painter
Kate the royal wedding fairy
Justander was in order the third Demonstrator in Botany (1789-1794) at Åbo Akademi. The main duty of demonstrators were to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. Justanders personal history is not well known. He defended to both Carl Niclas Hellenius and Pehr Adrian Gadd one theses, and supervised one himself, in order to obtain a docentship at Åbo Akademi. In that one new species, Festuca obliqua, and its four varietes are described as new. These validly published names have completely been overlooked. All material was probably lost at the Great Fire of Åbo in 1827.
Catherine the Great & Potemkin : the imperial love affair
When Christ and his saints slept
Rutström was in order the fourth Demonstrator in Botany (1794-1798) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In 1794 he supervised a thesis on Swedish cryptogams. It presents 20 species, including descriptions of one new fungal species, Peziza ucreolata (later homonym to P. ucreolata Vahl) and three lichens. Peziza urceolata Rutstr. is considered to be Lasiobelonium corticale (Pers.) Raitv. The new lichens were Lichen anceps, L. demissus and L. cumatilis¸ today Bacidia rosella (Pers.) De Not.var. anceps (Rutstr.) Ach., Psora demissa (Rutstr.) Stein. and Lobaria amplissima (Scop.) Forssell, respectively. In 1798 he moved back to Sweden.
The prince, the princess and the perfect murder
Her Royal Spyness
Wallace at bay
The royal mess
The people's jubilee
Kushiel's Scion : Treason's heir: book one
The magnificent Moon Hare
I want to go home!
The bloody tournament to determine the new empress of the intergalactic empire may be over, but for exiled princess Kayla Reinumon, the battle is just beginning. To free her home planet from occupation, Kayla must infiltrate the highest reaches of imperial power. But when a deadly nanovirus threatens to ravage the empire, it will take more than diplomacy to protect her homeworld from all-out war.
No ordinary family
Game of queens : the women who made sixteenth-century Europe
Twelve dancing princesses
The Royal House of Scotland
Time and chance : an autobiography
I never knew that about Royal Britain
Princess Alice, mother of Prince Philip, was something of a mystery figure even within her own family. She was born deaf, at Windsor Castle, in the presence of her great-grandmother, Queen Victoria, and brought up in England, Darmstadt and Malta. In 1903 she married Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark, and from then on her life was overshadowed by wars, revolutions and enforced periods of exile. She suffered from a serious religious crisis and at the age of forty-five was removed from her family and placed in a sanatorium in Switzerland, where she was pronounced a "schizophrenic paranoid". How she achieved her recovery is just one of the remarkable aspects of her story.
The painter knight
The kingdom of little wounds
The Boleyn deceit : a novel
The empress game
Too Rich : the High Life and Tragic Death of King Farouk
The Royal wedding for dummies
Lupo and the curse at Buckingham Palace
Buckingham Palace: the palace and its residents in historical photographs
Crown and country : a history of England through the monarchy
Harry : a biography
Silvia : bilder ur en drottnings liv = Bilder einer Königin = Pictures of a queen
Boy princess. vol. 3
Boy princess. vol. 4
Windsor Castle : in the history of the nation
Alexandra the royal baby fairy
The rich : from slaves to super-yachts : a 2000-year history
The untold life of Queen Elizabetht the queen mother
Royal faces from William the Conqueror to the present day
Elizabeth : her life, our times
His royal whiskers
With my hateful brother Binky in town, I've been desperately seeking an escape. To my delight, it comes in the form of an invitation from the Queen to represent the royals at a wedding in Transylvania - legendary home of vampires. I soon realise why I was the one honoured with such an invitation. The bride, Princess Maria Theresa, happens to be my old school chum, Matty. But my stay in her macabre - looking castle turns unnerving when I find dear Matty with blood running down her chin. Then, during the ceremony, a prominent wedding guest is poisoned. Something must be done lest the nuptial festivities go to ruin, or, worse yet, the couple's vows become: to love and to cherish, till undeath do us part.
Kushiel's justice : Treason's heir: book two
Huset Glücksborgs slægtstavle = Genealogical table of the House of Glücksborg
Diana : her new life
Princess : secrets to share
Assassin's apprentice
Night of triumph
Horrid Henry's kings and queens : a horrid factbook
The Diana quiz book : 100 questions on the "People's Princess"
Sikkim coronation
Divine right : the inglorious survival of British royalty
The Boleyn King : a novel
King's wrath
Buckingham palace : the place and the people
Date with destiny
The Boleyn reckoning
Duo ji gong zhu  = Princess Smartypants
Prince Harry : Brother, soldier, son
Hooray! : it's a new royal baby!
Grendel's mother : the saga of the Wyrd-Wife
Revelation
My brother's famous bottom gets crowned!
Being thirty-fifth in line for the British throne has its advantages, but money isn't one of them. To make ends meet, Lady Georgiana Rannoch sometimes investigates a little royal wrongdoing.
Boy princess. vol. 8
Queen Elizabeth  : the queen mother : the official biography
A modern royal marriage : Prince William of Wales &​ Catherine Middleton
The Royal Pavilion Brighton
The royal treatment
25 royal babies that changed the world : a history 1066 to the present
Good knight sleep tight
The courts of Europe : politics, patronage and royalty 1400-1800
The boy who wept blood
First of the Tudors
Storytime with Little Princess. Volume 2
Anders Dahl (1751-1789) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
The jewels of the Romanovs : family & court
My book of princess stories
Media, monarchy and power
Boy princess. vol. 7
Johan Fredrik Wallenius - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Kalm was in order the fifth Demonstrator in Botany (1800-1805) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. Kalm supervised one thesis, which introduces some past and current botanists. Kalm was focused on medicine
The royal nappy
Lars Johan Laurentius Johannes Prytz, Demonstator in Botany at Imperial Åbo Academy
50 speeches that made the modern world
Tyrant's blood
A dangerous inheritance
Henrietta Maria : the intrepid queen
Charles : the heart of a king
The princess files
Lupo and the thief at the tower of London
Elizabeth : the Queen Mother : a twentieth century life
Miffy and the royal baby : a lift-the-flap book
Queen Elizabeth II : her life in our times
Royalty watching : [where to find Britain's royal family working, playing, shopping]
Wallenius was the Demonstrator in Botany (1800-1805) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In his own thesis supervised by Professor Carl Niclas Hellenius was introduced surrogate food to compensate grain due to the repeated years of crop failures in 18th century. That theme was repeated by him also in some publications. He supervised six theses with botanical content, of which two provided important historical information of Åbo Akademi Botanical Gardens. In thesis of genus Ammi one species is described as new to science, Ammi boerberi Höckert. This neglected name is synonymous to A. majus L. Höckert was third one in Finland who described a new species to science.
Lars Johan Prytz was the Demonstrator in Botany (1813-1820) at the Imperial Academy of Åbo, Russia (Finland today). His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In his own thesis De Styrace supervised by Professor Carl Peter Thunberg presented known species of Styrax. Prytz supervised 15 doctoral theses, of which eleven have botanical content and three provided important historical information of Åbo Akademi Botanical Gardens. He aimed to complete a brief Flora Fennica, but it was never finished. In six published parts 277 species in 123 genera are characterized. Later one unpublished manuscript was edited by Hj. Hjelt. Consequently, the total number of species presented is 314 in 136 genera. Monocotyledons and ferns were not included. All in all, Prytz announced ca. 15 new plants to Finland..
A brief history of the private life of Elizabeth II
Speculum of the old Lithuania
Royal flush
Murder at the Villa Byzantine
The kings and queens of England
Royal style : a history of aristocratic fashion icons
Brighton, 1871. A book by two respectable spinsters claiming to have seen the ghost of the Prince Regent in Brighton Pavilion shocks the town and attracts the attention of spiritualist Arthur Wallace Hope. Young Mina Scarletti, a writer of horror stories and investigator of psychic phenomena, suspects fraud. As the summer heat rises and hearts flutter dangerously, Mina and her associates delve into the mystery and, in doing so, they soon discover that nothing is as it seems.
Blood against the snows : the tragic story of Nepal's royal dynasty
Diana : her true story : in her own words
The royal ghost
Ritual, ceremony and the changing monarchy in France, 1350-1789
The white queen
Georgie, the royal prince fairy
The queen : the diamond jubilee
Quite by accident, September has been crowned as Queen of Fairyland - but she inherits a Kingdom in chaos. The magic of a Dodo's egg has brought every King, Queen, or Marquess of Fairyland back to life, each with a fair and good claim on the throne, each with their own schemes and plots and horrible, hilarious, hungry histories. In order to make sense of it all, and to save their friend from a job she doesn't want, A-Through-L and Saturday devise a Royal Race, a Monarckical Marathon, in which every outlandish would-be ruler of Fairyland will chase the Stoat of Arms across the whole of the nation - and the first to seize the poor beast will seize the crown. Caught up in the madness are the changelings Hawthorn and Tamburlaine, the combat wombat Blunderbuss, the gramophone Scratch, the Green Wind, and September's parents, who have crossed the universe to find their daughter.
Prince William : born to be king : an intimate portrait
Dirty Bertie : An English King Made in France
Boy princess. vol. 2
Prince Philip
Time and chance
The granite shield
I want my light on!
William &​ Catherine : their lives, their wedding
Princess smartypants
Death of an ancient king
The winter palace
The Royal Baby's big red bus tour of London
Half a king
The stone prince
Slimy Stuarts
Queen Elizabeth II and the royal family
The royal encyclopedia
The three wishes
William & Kate : a royal love story
Rosenborg castle : A guide to the chronological collection of the danish kings
Prince George and the royal potty
1930's London: Poor Lady Georgiana - thirty-fourth in line to the throne - has been sent home due to a little scandal. Now she must keep the entirely unsuitable Mrs. Simpson from seducing the Prince of Wales - and help Scotland Yard by preventing someone from shooting the Prince of Wales instead of quails.
The royal pain
Happy birthday, royal baby!
Alice : Princess Andrew of Greece
