http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4798 Visual Basic for Applications
Visual Basic for Applications
Hedge fund modelling and analysis using Excel and VBA
Microsoft Visual Basic .NET : programmer's cookbook
Word 2007 document automation with VBA and VSTO
AutoCAD 2006 VBA : a programmer's reference
Excel 2016 VBA and macros
Programming Microsoft® Outlook® 2000
TETRA testing platform development
Microsoft® AccessTM 2010 VBA macro programming
Usability Study and Improvement of The Äly Excel
Learning MicroStation VBA
Excel 2016 : power programming with VBA
Professional Excel development : the definitive guide to developing applications using Microsoft Excel and VBA
Beginning Access 2000 VBA
Advanced programming using Visual Basic 2008
Excel 2010 power programming with VBA
Building N-Tier applications with COM and Visual Basic 6.0
More Excel outside the box : unbelievevable Excel techniques from Excel MVP Bob Umlas
Microsoft Excel 2002 Visual Basic for Applications step by step
Excel VBA programming for dummies
Microsoft Access 2010 programmer's reference
Presents information on using Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) programming language to customize Excel with UserForms, PivotTables, and user-oriented applications.
Developing Tablet PC applications
Abstract: TETRA testing platform development.
Excel 2016 Power Programming with VBA
Excel 2003 power programming with VBA
Professional ASP.NET 4.5 in C# and VB
Visual Basic for applications for Office 2000 unleashed
Office® XP development with VBA
Tricks of the Microsoft Office gurus
MCSD test success : Visual Basic® 6 desktop applications
Building Windows 95 applications with Visual Basic 4
Microsoft Access VBA programming fot the absolute beginner
This Master’s thesis concentrates on a particular tool, called Äly Excel, which is used in health care centres in Finland. The Äly Excel is a Microsoft Excel based tool that helps to plan a health care personnel rota. The main goal of this work was to enhance usability of the Äly Excel. The development work was part of the Hyvä Potku project that is managed by Northern Ostrobothnia Hospital District. To find out the most important usability problems of the Äly Excel, usability tests were carried out in an early phase of the project work. Also, a questionnaire was sent out to gather user experience and possible suggestions for improvements. Once the feedback and user test observations were analysed and agreed with the Hyvä Potku project members, the development of the Äly Excel began. Since the Äly Excel is a Microsoft Excel based worksheet, it was natural to choose Visual Basic as a programming language as Visual Basic Application is part of the Microsoft Office package. New UI features are designed so that they follow well-known usability studies. In this thesis a usability theory is observed and discussed. The thesis details the software and UI design and why certain decisions were made. The problems faced during the development work are explained. At the end there is a discussion about the future development of the Äly Excel.
Learning Word programming
Build Windows 8 apps with Microsoft Visual C# and Visual Basic : step by step
VBA and macros : Excel 2013
"Perfect for power users, Microsoft Access 2010 VBA Macro Programming reveals how to maximize the features and functionality of Access 2010. You'll get in-depth details on Access VBA programming and application development followed by 20 real-world projects--complete with source code--that show you how to set up specific subroutines and functions. This practical resource then explains how to include the subroutines in the Access menu system and transform a set of interrelated VBA macros into an Access add-in package. Create your own Access 2010 VBA macros right away with help from this hands-on guide"--
VBA and macros : Microsoft Excel 2010
Excel 2007 VBA programming with XML and ASP
Data collection analysis and management system
Getting to know arcobjects : programming ArcGIS with VBA
Excel scientific and engineering cookbook
Excel® for scientists and engineers : numerical methods
Credit risk modeling using Excel and VBA
Data mining solution using Excel and Control 9000
Usability study and improvement of the Äly Excel
Excel 2007 power programming with VBA
Excel 2007 VBA programming for dummies
Microsoft Excel VBA programming for the absolute beginner
Beginning Access 2003 VBA
Excel 2013 power programming with VBA
Financial analysis and modeling using Excel and VBA
Excel VBA in easy steps
Programming Excel with VBA and .NET
Visual Basic 2010 unleashed
VBA for Excel : made simple
Mastering? : Excel 2003 programming with VBA
