http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4800 fatty acids
fatty acids
Differing Daphnia magna assimilation efficiencies for terrestrial, bacterial, and algal carbon and fatty acids
The neutral lipids and lipid soluble bioactive compounds in faba beans, lentils, and lupins
Prevention of coronary heart disease : from the cholesterol hypothesis to [omega]6/ [omega]3 balance
Lipids for functional foods and nutraceuticals
The Lipid handbook with CD-ROM
Gastrointestinal Health Symposium : proceedings from a Pre-Congress Symposium, World Congress 1997, Annual Congress of WSAVA, FECAVA, & BSAVA, Birmingham, UK 2 April 1997
Natural products : a laboratory guide
Taxonomy of prokaryotes
Phospholipid and total plasma fatty acid compositions in subjects using no fish in their diet
Dewatering and recovery of fats, oils and grease (FOG) of grease trap waste : a design-research of a new-built process
Synthetic studies towards biologically active sesquiterpenes and [omega]-2 oxygenated fatty acid derivatives
Oxidation of steryl esters
Fish oils in nutrition
Fatty acid composition as biomarkers of freshwater microalgae: analysis of 37 strains of microalgae in 22 genera and in seven classes
The big fat surprise : why meat, butter, and cheese belong in a healthy diet
Lipid oxidation pathways. vol. 2
The synthesis of very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (VLCPUFAs) was investigated in five cultivars of chicory. Genes for enzymes of the ù3/6 Ä8-desaturation biosynthetic pathways for the formation of C20 VLCPUFAs were inserted into chicory by Agrobacterium-mediated transformation of leaf explants. Plants were transformed by genes encoding Ä9-specific elongating activity from Isochrysis galbana, Ä8-desaturase from Euglena gracilis and Ä5-desaturase from Mortierella alpina, either separately or in combination; transgenic plants were selected on culture medium containing glufosinate ammonium for those transformed with the Ä9-elongase gene alone or in combination with the Ä8-desaturase gene, or kanamycin for plants transformed with the Ä5-desaturase gene. PCR showed the presence of the transgenes within the genome of selected plants, with RT-PCR confirming gene expression. Gas Chromatography of fatty acid methyl esters extracted from freeze-dried leaves of transgenic plants quantified the synthesis of omega-6 arachidonic acid and its precursors eicosadienoic and dihomo-ã-linolenic acids, and omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid together with its precursors eicosatrienoic and eicosatetraenoic acids. This is the first report of the production of VLCPUFAs in a leafy vegetable. Since VLCPUFAs are the precursors of prostaglandins, the formation of prostaglandins was also investigated in chicory following a second transformation event using the PGHS-1 gene from Mus musculus.
Protein crystallographic studies of CoA-dependent proteins : new insight into the binding mode and exchange mechanism of acyl-CoA
Biosynthesis of very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in the leafy vegetable chicory
Fatty acids in health promotion and disease causation
Biology of metabolism in growing animals
Flaxseed as a functional food
Effects of insulin deficiency on exercise-induced acute responses in the regulation of fatty acid oxidation in mouse gastrocnemius muscles
A balanced omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio, cholesterol, and coronary heart disease
Experiments on fatty acids chain elongation and glycan flipping in the ER membrane
α-Methylacyl-CoA racemase (Amacr) is an auxiliary enzyme of β-oxidation and participates in the elimination of methyl-branched fatty acids in peroxisomes and in mitochondria and in the synthesis of bile acids in peroxisomes. Amacr catalyzes in reversible manner the isomerization of fatty acyl-CoA esters with a methyl group in the R-configuration to the corresponding S-configuration, which allows them to serve as substrates for the next reaction in their metabolism. The substrates of Amacr include the acyl-CoA esters of 2R-pristanic acid, a metabolite derived from phytol, and 25R-THCA and 25R-DHCA (tri- and dihydroxycholestanoic acid), the bile acid intermediates derived from cholesterol. AMACR-deficiency in humans results in the accumulation of R-isoforms of its substrates. Patients with adult onset AMACR-deficiency suffer from neurological disorders. The more severe infantile form of the deficiency is characterized by liver disease. Amacr-deficient mice show a bile acid pattern similar to that of human patients with accumulation of bile acid intermediates in their body. In contrast to humans, Amacr-deficient mice are clinically symptomless on a regular laboratory chow diet. Supplementation of phytol in their diet triggers the disease state with liver abnormalities. In this study it was shown that in spite of the disruption of a major metabolic pathway, Amacr-deficient mice are able to readjust their cholesterol and bile acid metabolism to a new balanced level allowing them to live a normal life span. A double knockout mouse model deficient in Amacr and MFE-1 (peroxisomal multifunctional enzyme type 1) was generated in this work. Characterization of this mouse line showed that MFE-1 can contribute to peroxisomal side-chain shortening of C27 bile acid intermediates in both Amacr-dependent and Amacr-independent pathways.In addition, this work confirmed that Amacr-deficient mice are unable to thrive when phytol is supplemented in their chow. The main cause of death was liver failure accompanied by kidney and brain abnormalities. The detoxification of phytol metabolites in liver is accompanied by activation of multiple pathways and Amacr-deficient mice are not able to respond adequately. The results of this study emphasize the indispensable role of Amacr in detoxification of α-methyl branched fatty acids.
Role of α-methylacyl-CoA racemase in lipid metabolism
Chlorinated fatty acids in foods
Novel concepts on the recovery of by-products from alkaline pulping
Fat : it's not what you think
Antioxidants and lipids in oat cultivars as affected by environmental factors
Lipid content in blood serum lipoproteins of Coregonus lavaretus L. in Lake Onega
Lipid oxidation and nitration products as activators of cytoprotective Nrf2 signaling in the endothelium
Modulation of conjugated linoleic acid-induced loss of chicken egg hatchability by dietary soybean oil
Fats and oils in human nutrition : report of a joint expert consultation
Fatty acid metabolism, vitamin D3 and prostate cancer
Chemical composition of Ocimum species
The effects of fruit and vegetables and unsaturated fatty acids on markers of lipid peroxidation
Investigations on the fatty acids of pine wood and tall oil : particularly considering the isomerizing effect of saponification methods, autoxidation and the sulfate cooking process
Abstracts of oral presentations : Fourth International Congress on Fatty Acids and Eicosanoids, 20-24 July 1997, Edinburgh, UK
HPLC for food analysis : a primer
This thesis is a design science research study about the development of a process to dewater waste collected from grease traps (GTW). Grease traps are installed in professional kitchens and at food manufacturing sites to protect the sewage works from grease waste that can clog the sewer system and disrupt the biological treatment at wastewater treatments plants (WWTP). When traps are emptied hot water is used to clean the units. Therefore GTW can contain up to 99% water. During 2008-2009, the waste centres and WWTPs in the Oulu and Kainuu regions in Finland collected 6.6 kg GTW per capita annually. GTW consists of water, partly hydrolyzed fats, oils and greases (FOG), food residues, and other contaminants as soap and metals. The grease is emulsified throughout the water phase and mixed with solids, which makes it difficult to dewater. Dewatering is important as is decreases the amount for waste disposal, which is expensive as GTW is classified as special waste. Additionally, the upcoming legalisation in 2016 forbids disposal of organic waste to landfills and therefore cost-effective alternatives have to be found. A fairly simple process was designed to dewater GTW by using acid hydrolysis and moderate heating (65-70°C). The process was tested first on laboratory scale from where it was step-wise scaled up. In 2012, the process design was tested and evaluated by a pilot plant. The goal was to gather as much information and experiences as possible, in order to improve the process products’ quality and the overall process efficiency for the next production design. The profitability of the design was tested by comparing estimated profit margins in different scenarios. The study contains also an overview of possible technologies to utilise or dispose the dewatered fraction (also called brown grease) resulting from the process.The conclusion of the study is that the designed dewatering process is profitable when used at full operating capacity (3000 t/a) and a dewatering efficiency of at least 75%. In this case the estimated payback time is 3-6 years from start-up. The plant was not suitable for extended dewatering of the FOG fraction. An own unit is needed for this purpose. Otherwise, reuse alternatives should be search that can deal with the remaining water content, such as biogas production or utilisation as steam boiler fuel or low-grade soaps. The test design still needs technical adjustments before it can be taken in use. Further research is needed to find a solution how to destabilize the intermediate layer of organics, light solids and water formed between the FOG and water phase (rag layer). For the moment, the fraction remains a non-valuable waste.
Plant lipids : effects of aging and drought stress
Role of low-weight carboxylic acids in phytotoxicity of composts
Enrichment of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) in the eggs of laying hens fed pure isomers of CLA or vaccenic acid
The properties of tall oil rosin soap and its mixtures with fatty acid soaps in aqueous solutions
Dietary fatty acids and indicators of thrombosis : with special reference to the effects of C18:1 cis and trans fatty acids
Regulation of milk production in cows selected for different milk fat content with special reference to transition periods
Regulation of alternative splicing in obesity and weight loss
Positional distribution of fatty acids in plant triacylglycerols : contributing factors and chromatographic/mass spectrometric analysis
Meat quality and fatty acid profile of M. longissimus dorsi of growing bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions
The effects of added glycerol or unprotected free fatty acids or a combination of the two on silage intake, milk production, rumen fermentation and diet digestibility in cows given grass silage based diets
Pathology of long-chain 3-hydroxyacyl-coa dehydrogenase deficiency caused by the G1528C mutation
Dietary protein and carbohydrate modify volatile fatty acid (VFA) profile in canine faeces
Cadmium and fatty acid contents of linseed in Finland
Improving the fat content of foods
The crystallization behavior of fatty acid : resin acid mixtures
Lipid oxidation
Determination of fatty acid distribution in the sn-2 position of triacylglycerols
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Structural modified food fats : synthesis, biochemistry, and use
The objective of the present study was to compare the colour, chemical composition, meat quality and fatty acid profile of the longissimus dorsi (LD) muscle of growing bulls housed in an insulated tie-stall, an uninsulated barn or a forest paddock. Two housing experiments were conducted at the North Ostrobothnia Research Station of MTT Agrifood Research Finland in Ruukki (64°44'N, 25°15'E). The first experiment was conducted from November 1999 to October 2000 and comprised 30 Hereford bulls, the second from November 2000 to December 2001 with 30 Ayrshire bulls. In both experiments the bulls were divided into six groups of five animals according to live weight and the groups were randomly allotted to one of three treatments: tie-stall in an insulated barn (IB bulls, ten animals/individual stall), uninsulated barn (UB bulls, five animals/pen, two pens) and forest paddock (PAD bulls, five animals/paddock, two paddocks). Nine carcasses from experiment 1 (three/treatment) and twelve from experiment 2 (four/treatment) were randomly selected for meat quality analyses. After slaughter, the carcasses were cooled for 24h at 2 °C and LD samples were taken by complete cross-section between the 12th and 13th ribs. The results were calculated across the two experiments and analysed as one data. There were no differences between housing environments in temperature or pH of the LD or meat moisture, fat or protein composition of the LD. Instead, the myoglobin content of the LD was 21% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). Between IB and UB bulls there was no difference in meat myoglobin content and there were no significant (p < 0.05) differences between housing environments in the colour of the LD. However, the muscle tended to be 6% lighter (L-value) in IB bulls than in PAD bulls (p = 0.09). There were no significant differences in shear force or sensory analysis (tenderness, juiciness, overall flavour) between treatments. The LD of the PAD bulls contained a higher proportion of 18:2 and 18:3 fatty acids compared to that of IB bulls (p < 0.05). There were no significant differences in the saturated fatty acid (SFA) or monounsaturated fatty acid proportions of the LD between treatments. Instead, the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) proportion of the LD was 34% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). The PUFA:SFA ratio was higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05) but there was no difference in the PUFA:SFA ratio between UB and IB bulls. In conclusion, there were no important effects of housing system on the meat quality characteristics of the LD, although according to meat fatty acid profiles, outdoor housed bulls produced meat with a higher PUFA:SFA ratio than tethered bulls in an insulated barn.
Dewatering and recovery of fats, oils and grease (FOG) of grease trap waste : A design-research of a new-built process
Carbon fractions and stocks in organic layers in boreal forest soils&#8212;impacts of climatic and nutritional conditions
Development of fast analysis methods for extractives in papermaking process waters
Biochemistry of lipids, lipoproteins, and membranes
Wadsworth anaerobic bacteriology manual
The effects on serum lipoprotein levels of two monounsaturated fat rich diets differing in their linoleic and Ó-linolenic acid contents
Lipids in cod (Gadus morhua L.) and Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.) eggs, with special emphasis on reproduction and quality
Analysis of total lipid extracts from human liver by 13C and 1H nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy
Fish and human health
Health benefits of organic food : effects of the environment
Canola and rapeseed : production, chemistry, nutrition and processing technology
Omega-6/omega-3 essential fatty acid ratio : the scientific evidence
Trans fatty acids
Recent developments in the synthesis of fatty acid derivates
Gas chromatography and lipids : a practical guide
Studies on a cholesterol-lowering microcrystalline phytosterol suspension in oil
Essential fatty acids and eicosanoids : invited papers from the third international congress
Mechanisms regulating mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation : role of the redox state of the NADH/NAD+ pool and mutual interactions with pyruvate oxidation
Relationships between vitamin E, β-carotene, energy and saturation degree of dietary fats
Fats and fatty acids in human nutrition : report of an expert consultation, 10-14 November 2008, Geneva
Postprandial changes in platelet function and coagulation factors after high-fat meals with different fatty acid compositions
Ethyl-eicosapentaenoic acid and carnosine supplementation's effects on cognitive, behavioural and psychophysiological parameters on healthy young subjects : double-blind, placebo-controlled study
Elaidic and trans-vaccenic acids in plasma phospholipids as indicators of dietary intake of 18:1 trans-fatty acids
Fatty acids in foods and their health implications
The lipid handbook
Food waste composting : effects of heat, acids and scale
Functions of AHR-1 and CYP-35A subfamily genes in Caenorhabditis elegans
Dietary trans fatty acids and their influence on brain and nervous tissue
Mass-spectrometric analysis of glycerophospholipid metabolism
Role of lipid reactions in quality of oat products
Phloroglucinol derivatives in Dryopteris sect. Fibrillosae and related taxa (Pteridophyta,Dryopteridaceae)
Performance and meat quality of Nordic Red and Aberdeen Angus bulls offered faba bean or field pea based whole crop legume-cereal silages
The omega-3 connection : the groundbreaking omega-3 antidepression diet and brain program
Measurement of conjugated linoleic acid and other fatty acids from serum and diet : results from the Finnish Mobile Clinic Health Examination Survey
Cellular fatty acids as chemotaxonomic markers of the genera Anabaena, Aphanizomenon, Microcystis, Nostoc and Planktothrix (cyanobacteria)
The role of zooplankton in the trophic transfer of fatty acids in boreal lake food webs
The objective of this study was to determine the effects of silage plant species (faba bean and field pea based whole crop legume-cereals vs. grass) on performance and meat quality of growing Aberdeen Angus (AA) and Nordic Red (NR) bulls. A 2×3 factorial design was used. The experiment comprised 30 AA and 30 NR bulls. Both breeds were randomly allotted to the three feeding treatments. The compositions (g kg-1 dry matter) of diets were: 1) grass silage (650) plus rolled barley (350), 2) faba bean-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350) and 3) pea-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350). The experimental diets were offered as total mixed rations ad libitum. The AA bulls grew faster, had better feed conversion rates and superior dressing proportion and carcass conformation compared to the NR bulls. Replacing grass silage by whole crop legume-cereal silages in the diet did not have remarkable effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality..
Replacement of dietary fats : effects on serum lipids and plasma fatty acid composition with special emphasis on the metabolism of essential fatty acids
In this second edition of the introductory text in the acclaimed Nutrition Society Textbook Series, Introduction to Human Nutrition has been revised and updated to meet the needs of the contemporary student. Introduction to Human Nutrition is an essential purchase for students of nutrition and dietetics, and also for those students who major in other subjects that have a nutrition component, such as food science, medicine, pharmacy and nursing. Professionals in nutrition, dietetics, food science, medicine, health sciences and many related areas will also find much of great value within its cov.
European journal of lipid science and technology
Fatty acid and lipid chemistry
Metabolic significance of fatty acid elongation
The physiological significance of mitochondrial fatty acid synthesis pathway
Handbook of monolayers. Vol. 1
Dietary saturated and trans fatty acids and cholesterol and 25-year mortality from coronary heart disease : the seven countries study
Physiological roles of fatty acids and endocannabinoids in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans
The eskimo diet : how to avoid a heart attack
Ripened cheeses : the effects of fat modifications on sensory characteristics and fatty acid composition
Extraction and analysis of fatty and resin acids in various salt forms in pulps
Modification of linoleic and [alfa]-linoleic acid levels in spring turnip rape by long-term selection
Lipid biochemistry : an introduction
Human peroxisomal multifunctional enzyme type 2 (HsMFE-2) : full-length protein assembly and disease-causing mutations
Development of methods for [sup 11]C-C bond formation : synthesis and in vivo evaluation of [sup 1]H and [sup 2]H fatty acids [sup 11]C-labelled in selected positions
Fatty acid composition, solidification and melting of finnish butter fat
The effect of long chain acyl-CoAs on glucose metabolism of rats overexpressing acyl-CoA binding protein
Enoyl thioester reductases : enzymes of fatty acid synthesis and degradation in mitochondria
Fatty acid compositions and proportions of erythrocyte phosphatidyl ethanolamine and choline fractions in subjects using no fish in their diet
Poly-unsaturated fatty acids neural function & mental health : proceedings of an international & interdisciplinary symposium, the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters, August 9, 2007
Characterization of 3-hydroxyacyl-ACP dehydratase of mitochondrial fatty acid synthesis in yeast, humans and trypanosomes
Vibrational spectroscopy - rapid, non-destructive measurement methods to characterize quality parameters in animal tissue = Vibrasjons spektroskopi - hurtige, ikke-destruktive målemetoder for karakterisering av kvalitetsegenskaper i animalsk vev
Compartmentation of plant metabolism in non-photosynthetic tissues
Fatty acid compositions in subspecies of ringed seal (Phoca hispida) and several semiaquatic mammals : site-specific and dietary differences
Fatty acid composition of serum lipid fractions in young children in a prospective randomised trial of low-saturated fat, low-cholestrol diet
Protein crystallographic studies of CoA-dependent proteins: new insight into the binding mode and exchange mechanism of acyl-CoA
Studies on the use of tall oil fatty acids in the diet of rats
Introduction to human nutrition
The LCP solution : the remarkable nutritional treatment for ADHD, dyslexia, and dyspraxia
Lipids and their seasonal variation in the nucellar layers of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) seeds
Rapeseed oil as a source of the essential linoleic and [alfa]-linoleic acids
Studies on physiological functions of mitochondrial fatty acid synthesis
Fatty acid composition in subspecies of ringed seal (Phoca hispida) and several semiaquatic mammals : site-specific and dietary differences
Identification of biomarkers for type 2 diabetes
Influence of different temperature and aeration regulation in strategies on respiration in composting of organic household waste
Fats and fatty acids in human nutrition : report of a joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation, November 10-14, 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
Regulation of oil biosynthesis and the metabolism of medium chain fatty acids in developing oil seeds
Consumer perception and sensory analyses of pork flavour : effects of fatty acid composition and processing = Forbrukeroppfatning og sensorisk analyse av svinekjøtt : effekter av fettsyresammensetning og prosessering
Interactions between polyunsaturated fatty acids and probiotics
Short- and long-chain fatty acyl-CoA hydrolases in rats : using sulfur substituted fatty acid analogues in elicidating the roles of these hydrolases in fatty acid metabolism
The big fat surprise : why butter, meat, and cheese belong in a healthy diet
The effect of sucrose on postprandial lipemia and substrate utilisation in healthy young men
Acute and subchronic phytotoxicity of volatile fatty acids (VFAs)
New approaches to enrich cojugated linoleic acid in eggs : dietary vaccenic acid and purified cis-9, trans-11-conjugated linoleic acid isomer
Estradiol fatty acid esterification in high density lipoprotein
Omega-3 fatty acids, the brain and retina
Tall oil fatty acid-based alkyd-acrylic copolymers : synthesis, characterization, and utilization in surface coating applications
Lateral distribution and membrane properties of structurally defined sphingolipids
Cold exposure enhances fat utilization but not non-esterified fatty acids, glycerol or catecholamines availability during submaximal walking and running
Analysis of lipid composition and modelling of plant membranes : application to plasma membranes from oat roots with induced water deficit tolerance
