http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4802 fishery
fishery
Proceedings of the symposium on post-harvest fish technology : Cairo, Egypt, 21-22 October 1990
Market power, vertical linkages, and government policy : the fish industry in Peninsular Malaysia
Committee on fisheries : report of the seventh session of the Sub-committee on Aquaculture, St Petersburg, Russian Federation, 7-11 October 2013 = Rapport de la septième session du Sous-comité de L'aquaculture, Saint-Pétersbourg, Fédération de Russie, 7-11 octobre 2013 = Informe de la séptima reunión del Subcomité de Acuicultura, San Petersburgo. Federación de Rusia, 7-11 de octubre de 2013.
Inland fisheries evolution and management : case studies from four continents
Silent seas : the fish race to the bottom
Report of the FAO Expert consultation on fish technology in Africa = Rapport de la consultation d'experts FAO sur la technologie du poisson en Afrique : Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire, 25-28 April 1988.
Freshwater fisheries management
Technological change in the North Atlantic fisheries
Report of the Expert Consultation on Technical Guidelines for Responsible Fish Trade : Silver Spring, United States of America, 22-26 January 2007
Guidelines for designing data collection and sharing systems for co-managed fisheries. Part 1, Practical guide
Report of the FAO/FFA Regional Workshop to Promote the Full and Effective Implementation of Port State Measures to Combat Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing, Nadi, Fiji, 28 August-1 September 2006.
Informe de la Reunión para la Reactivación de la Iniciativa de Creación de una Red de Acuicultura de las Américas : Guayaquil, Ecuador, 10-12 de Junio de 2009 = Report of the Meeting on the Reactivation of the Iniative to Create an Aquaculture Network of the Americas : Guayaquil, Ecuador, 10-12 June 2009.
Aquaculture in the Caribbean Basin: a bibliography (1970-1988)
Eating earth : environmental ethics and dietary choice
Report of the FAO world conference on fisheries management and development : Rome, 27 June to 6 July 1984.
Fish farming international
Report of the first special session of the European Inland Fisheries and Aquaculture Advisory Commission : Rome, 27 October 2011.
Indo-Pacific fishery commission : report of the fifth session of the standing committee on resources research and development, Darwin, Australia, 20-21 February 1987.
Introduction to fishery by-products
General Fisheries Council for the Mediterranean (GFCM) : report of the 18th session, Monaco, 6-10 October 1986.
Indian Ocean fishery commission : report of the fifth session of the committee for the development and management of fisheries in the Bay of Bengal, Bangkok, Thailand, 23-25 March 1987 = Commission des pêches pour l'ocean Indien : rapport de la cinquième session du comité pour le développement et l'aménagement des pêches dans le golfe du Bengale, Bangkok, Thailande, 23-25 mars 1987.
Computer programs for fish stock assessment : length-based fish stock assessment for Apple II computers
Multilingual vocabulary and notation for fishery dynamics = Vocabulaire multilingue et notation pour la dynamique des pêches = Vocabulario multilingüe y notaciones para la dinámica pesquera
This workshop examined past efforts to develop a regional cooperation mechanism for aquaculture development in the region, the main objective of the meeting being to reactivate an aquaculture cooperation network in the Americas. After agreeing that the network should be an intergovernmental entity, the countries elected Brazil as its initial host, with the mandate to conduct the elaboration of the network statutes and a plan of action for the short and medium terms and with the support of an executive secretary. The delegates of the participating countries subscribed a letter of intent, which ratifies their interest and commitment to establish an intergovernmental cooperation network for aquaculture, open to all countries of the Americas.--Publisher's description.
The fisheries of europe
Management of regional fisheries organisations : an application of the Shapley value
Fish ponds for the farm
Market opportunities for fish farming cage frames in the Republic of Karelia
Management techniques for elasmobranch fisheries
Report of the Technical Consultation on Flag State Performance : Rome, 2-6 May 2011, 5-9 March 2012 and 4-8 February 2013.
Marine products of commerce : their acquisition, handling, biological aspects and the science and technology of their preparation and preservation
European fisheries at a tipping point = La pesca europea ante un cambio irreversible
Symposium on the exploitation and management of marine fishery resources in Southeast Asia : Darwin, Australia, 16-19 February 1987
FAO training series
Review of fisheries in OECD countries : country statistics 2002-2004
Report of the 17th session of the Committee on Fisheries, Rome, 18-22 May 1987.
Report of the Tenth Session of the Subcommittee on Fish Trade : Santiago de Compostela, Spain, 30 May-2 June 2006 = Rapport de la dixième session du Sous-comité du commerce du poisson : Saint-Jacques-de-Compostelle, Espagne, 30 mai-2 juin 2006 = Informe de la décima reunión del Subcomité sobre comercio pequero : Santiago de Compostela, España, 30 de mayo-2 de junio de 2006
Summary (s. 9-13).
Report of the fifth technical consultation on the general fisheries council for the Mediterranean on stock assessment in the Adriatic and the Ionian seas, Bari, Italy, 1-5 June 1987
Report of the Bureau of Fisheries 1904
Politics and people in the North Atlantic fisheries since 1485
Marketing in fisheries : a selective annotated bibliography
Report of the symposium on production enhancement in still-water pond culture = Rapport du symposium sur l'accroissement de la production des élevages aquacoles dans les plans d'eau stagnants et peu profonds
Reports and papers presented at the Indo-Pacific fishery commission expert consultation on inland fisheries of the larger Indo-Pacific islands, Bangkok, Thailand, 4-9 August 1986
Fishery products : quality, safety and authenticity
Fisheries and aquaculture in Latin America and the Caribbean : situation and outlook in 1996
Sustainability of interlocked fishing district -management concept for commercial fishing in Finnish lake fishery
From sealing to fishing : social and economic change in Greenland, 1850-1940
The Economics and Management of World Fisheries
Strategy and outline plan for improving information on status and trends of aquaculture = Stratégie et plan visant à améliorer l'information sur la situation et les tendances de l'aquaculture = Estrategia y plan para mejorar la información sobre la situación y las tendencias de la acuicultura
Tracing activation efficiency of the bio-filtration bacteria in a recirculating aquaculture system using stable isotope analysis
Implementing improved tenure governance in fisheries : a technical guide to support the implementation of the voluntary guidelines on the responsible governance of tenure of land, fisheries and forests in the context of national food security
International management of the Atlantic salmon fishery in the Baltic Sea
Committee for inland fisheries of Africa : report of the fourth session of the sub-committee for the development and management of the fisheries of Lake Victoria, Kisumu, Kenya, 6-10 April 1987.
The fish on your plate : why we eat what we eat from the sea
Status of interactions of Pacific tuna fisheries in 1995 : proceedings of the second FAO Expert Consultation on Interactions of Pacific Tuna Fisheries, Shimizu, Japan, 23-31 January 1995
Management of multispecies resources and multi-gear fisheries
Reservoirs of Sri Lanka and their fisheries
Bioeconomic modelling of salmon fisheries : a survey
Fishery committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic : report of the seventh session of the Sub-committee on the management of resources within the limits of national jurisdiction, Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain, 12-14 September 1988.
The common wealth in ocean fisheries : some problems of growth and economic allocation
Principles of fisheries development : Academisch proefschrift ter verkrijging de graad van doctor in de oconomische wetenschappen
Report and proceedings of the expert consultation on shared fishery resources of the Lesser Antilles region, Mayaguez, Puerto Rico, 8-12 September 1986
Fisheries oceanography : an integrative approach to fisheries ecology and management
Governance of marine protected areas in the least-developed countries : case studies from West-Africa
Aquaculture : farming aquatic animals and plants
Options for the management of tuna fisheries in the Indian Ocean
Strengthening organizations and collective action in fisheries : a way forward in implementing the international guidelines for securing sustainable small-scale fisheries : FAO Workshop 18-20 March 2013, Rome, Italy
Report of the thirteenth session of the Sub-committee on Fish Trade, Hyderabad, India, 20-24 February 2012 = Rapport de la treizième session du Sous-comité du Commerce du Poisson, Hyderabad, Inde, 20-24 février 2012 = Informe de la decimotercera reunión del Subcomité de Comercio Pesquero, Hyderabad, India, 20-24 de febrero de 2012.
Optimum fishing effort and economic rent: a case study of Cyprus
Nordic/Eastern European symposium on cooperation in fisheries : conference report and country presentations
Economics of fisheries development
The potentials of aquaculture : an overview and bibliography
Western central Atlantic fishery commission : report of the fifth session of the working party on assessment of marine fishery resources, Saint George, Bermuda, 3-7 November 1986.
Developing new approaches to global stock status assessment and fishery production potential of the seas
Market research in the Vietnamese marine sector   Case study of eNav forecast - a navigation application developed by NASCA Geosystems
Second International Congress on Seafood Technology on Sustainable Innovative and Healthy Seafood : FAO/The University of Alaska, 10-13 May 2010 Anchorage, the United States of America
Report of the FAO Workshop on Bywatch Management and Low-impact Fishing : Kuwait City, the State of Kuwait, 9-12 December 2012.
Managing Britain's marine and coastal environment : towards a sustainable future
Sea turtles are affected by a range of different factors, some natural and others caused by human activities, including fishing operation. As a result, all sea turtles species whose conservation status has been assessed are considered to be threatened or endangered. These guidelines provide assistance for the preparation of national or multilateral fisheries management measures and industry initiatives that may help to conserve sea turtles by reducing the negative impacts that fisheries may have on them. They present our best understanding of how to reduce the proportion of caught turtles that are killed as a result of interactions with marine capture fisheries. These guidelines include information about how to change fishing gear and fishing methods and how the fishing industry can adopt voluntary approaches to reduce sea turtle mortality.--Publisher's description.
Fisheries and aquaculture in Europe : situation and outlook in 1996
Report of the Second Ad Hoc Meeting of Intergovernmental Organizations on Work Programmes Related to Subsidies in Fisheries : Rome, 4-5 July 2002.
Indian Ocean Fishery Commission : report of the tenth session of the Committee for the management of Indian Ocean tuna, Moka, Mauritius, 28 June-1 July 1988.
Marine protected areas : country case studies on policy, governance and institutional issues
Production enhancement and its implications for the restoration of marine biodiversity in the coastal waters of Japan
The centennial special composite index for all contributions contained in the publications of the Tokyo University of Fisheries (1899-1987)
North American journal of aquaculture
Separator panels for dual purpose fish/prawn trawls
Report of the thirteenth session of the coordinating working party on Atlantic fishery statistics, Rome, Italy, 11-18 February 1987.
Report of the FAO Workshop on Governance of Tenure for Responsible Capture Fisheries : Rome, Italy 4-6 July 2011.
Fishing vessel execution of acoustic surveys of deep-sea species : main issues and way forward
FAO fisheries and aquaculture proceedings
Report of the Global Conference on Small-Scale Fisheries : securing sustainable small-scale fisheries : bringing together responsible fisheries and social development, Bangkok, Thailand, 13-17 October 2008 = Rapport de la Conference Mondiale sur les Pêches artisanales : pour une pêche artisanale durable : associer la pêche responsable au dêveloppement social, Bangkok, Thailande, 13-17 octobre, 2008 = Informe de la Conferencia Mundial Sobre la Pesca en Pequena Escala : garantizar la pesca en pequena escala : pesca responsable y desarrollo social unidos, Bangkok, Tailandia, 13-17 de octubre de 2008.
Report of the Lake Victoria Fisheries Organization and FAO National Stakeholders' Workshops on Fishing Effort and Capacity on Lake Victoria, (2006) : Mwanza, United Republic of Tanzania, 9 - 10 October 2006; Kisumu, Republic of Kenya, 12 - 13 October 2006; Mukono, Republic of Uganda, 17 - 18 October 2006.
North Atlantic fisheries : markets and modernisation
Reducing fishing capacity : best practices for decommissioning schemes
Report of the fifteenth session of the European inland fisheries advisory commission, Göteborg, Sweden, 31 May - 7 June 1988.
Summary of world food and agricultural statistics 2003.
International agreements of the multispecies Baltic Sea fisheries : a partition function game approach
This report provides a summary of the presentations, panel statements and working group discussions of the Bangkok Global Conference on Small-Scale Fisheries in 2008. The conference identified several critical ways forward in securing sustainable small-scale fisheries that integrate social, cultural and economic development, address resource access and use rights issues guided by human rights principles, and recognize the rights of indigenous peoples--Publisher's description
Report of the expert consultation on training in the fisheries investment project cycle, Rome, 24-26 November 1986.
Report of the FAO/TCF Workshop on Fish Passage Design at Cross-river Obstacles : experiences from different countries, with potential relevance to Mongolia : Selenge Resort, Mongolia, 7-12 April 2014.
FAO documentation. Fisheries
Ocean harvest : Norwegian fishing, aquaculture & seafood
Commission for inland fisheries of Latin America : report of the second session of the working party on aquaculture, Guayaquil, Ecuador, 22-26 September 1986.
Fisheries and aquaculture in the Near East and North Africa : situation and outlook in 1996
Contribution to the history of fishing in the Southern Seas
Expanding mariculture farther offshore : technical, environmental, spatial and governance challenges : FAO Technical Workshop, 22-25 March 2010 Orbetello, Italy
Freshwater Fishery Biology
The Baltic Sea - our common treasure : economics of saving the sea
A guide to the background and implementation of the 2009 FAO Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing
Cleaner production assessment in fish processing
Report of the Workshop on Data and Knowledge in Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas : Rome, 5-7 November 2007.
Western central Atlantic fishery commission : report of the third session of the committee for the development and management of fisheries in the Lesser Antilles, Fort-de-France, Martinique, 21-23 July 1987.
Methods for assessment of fish production in fresh waters
Western central Atlantic fishery commission : national reports and selected papers presented at the fifth session of the working party on assessment of marine fishery resources, Saint George, Bermuda, 3-7 November 1986.
Navigating troubled waters : a new policy for the Atlantic fisheries
Freshwater fishes of the U.S.S.R. and adjacent countries. Vol. 2
Administrative report of the Technical Consultation on the Precautionary Approach to Capture Fisheries (including species introductions) : Lysekil, Sweden, 6-13 June 1995.
Yearbook of fishery statistics. Catches and landings
Western central Atlantic fishery commission : report of the expert consultation on the use of microcomputers for processing statistical and biological data, Chaguaramas, Trinidad and Tobago, 17-21 November 1986.
Stability of international fisheries agreements using precautionary bioeconomic harvesting strategies
Environmental impacts of trade liberalization and policies for the sustainable management of natural resources : a case study on Uganda's fisheries sector
Indian Ocean fishery commission : report of the sixth session of the committee for the development and management of the fishery resources of the Gulfs, Rome, 13-17 October 1986 = Commission des pêches pour l'océan Indien : rapport de la sixième session du comité pour le développement et l'aménagement des ressources halieutiques des Golfes, Rome, 13-17 octobre 1986.
Reinventing fisheries management
Företeckning över Statistiska meddelanden i serie J 1986 = List of statistical reports, series J 1986.
Joint FAO/WHO Expert Meeting on the Public Health Risks of Histamine and other Biogenic Amines from Fish and Fishery Products : meeting report, 23-27 July 2012, FAO Headquarters, Rome, Italy
Fish passes : design, dimensions and monitoring
Report of the third Technical Consultation on the Development and Management of the Fisheries of Lake Kariba : Siavongaa, Zambia, 26-27 October, 2006.
Report of the FAO Expert Workshop on Assessment and Monitoring of Aquaculture Sector Performance : Gaeta, Italy, 5-7 November 2012.
Soviet fisheries investigations in the Northwest Atlantic
Committee on fisheries : report of the second session of the Sub-committee on fish trade, Rome, 24-27 October 1988.
Fishing news international
Report of the twelfth session of the Sub-committee on Fish Trade, Buenos Aires, Argentina, 26-30 April 2010 = Rapport de la douzième session du Sous-comité du Commerce du Poisson, Buenos Aires, Argentina, 26-30 Avril 2010 = Informe de la duodécima reunión del Subcomité Sobre Comercio Pesquero, Buenos Aires, Argentina, 26-30 April 2010.
Fishery Committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic : report of the fourth session of the Working party on fishery statistics, Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain, 6-7 September 1988.
Value chain dynamics and the small-scale fisheries and aquaculture trade
Fisheries management costs : the case of Baltic salmon fishery
Report of the Global Conference on Aquaculture 2010 : farming the waters for people and food : Phuket, Thailand, 20-25 September 2010.
Report of the FAO/Cites Workshop to Review the Application and Effectiveness if International Regulatory Measures for the Conservation and Sustainable use of Elasmobranchs : Genazzano (Rome), Italy, 19-23 July 2010.
Process for the establishment of the Indian Ocean Tuna Comission
Environmental impacts of trade liberalization and policies for the sustainable management of natural resources : a case study on Bangladesh's shrimp farming industry
Voluntary guidelines for securing sustainable small-scale fisheries in the context of food security and poverty eradication
Summary information on the role of international fishery and other bodies with regard to the conservation and management of living resources of the high seas
Fisheries and aquaculture in the South Pacific : situation and outlook in 1996
Report of the Extraordinary Session : Alicante, Spain, 7-9 July 1999 = Rapport de la Session extraordinaire : Alicante, Espagne, 7-9 juillet 1999
Checklist of the parasites of fishes of Latvia
The development of fisheries in Greenland : with focus on Paamiut/Frederikshåb and Sisimiut/Holsteinsborg
Guidelines to reduce sea turtle mortality in fishing operations
Report of the sixth session of the Sub-Committee on Aquaculture, Cape Town, South Africa, 26-30 March 2012 = Rapport de la sixième session du Sous-comité de l'aquaculture, Le Cap, Afrique du Sud, 26-30 mars 2012 = Informe de la sexta reunión del Subcomité de Acuicultura, Ciudad de Cabo, Sudàfrica, 26-30 de marzo de 2012.
FAO fisheries technical paper
Report of the Workshop on the Age Estimation of Sardine and Sardinella in Northwest Africa : Casablanca, Marocco, 4 - 9 December 2006
On-farm feeding and feed management in aquaculture
Health management in Asian aquaculture : proceedings of the Regional Expert Consultation on Aquaculture Health Management in Asia and the Pacific, Serdang, Malaysia, 22-24 May 1995
Fish hatchery management
Report of the fourth Meeting of the RECOFI Working Group on Fisheries Management : Muscat, Sultanate of Oman, 3 - 5 October 2010.
Committee for inland fisheries of Africa : report of the third session of the sub-committee for the protection and development of the fisheries in the Sahelian zone, Accra, Ghana, 6-9 October 1986.
Code of practice for fish and fishery products
Farming the edge of the sea
The application of remote sensing technology to marine fisheries: an introductory manual
Report of the fourth session of the Scientific Sub-Committee, [Fishery Committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic] : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 October 2005 = Rapport de la quatrième session du Sous-Comité scientifique : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 octobre 2005.
Fisheries management
Committee for inland fisheries of Africa : report of the fourth session of the sub-committee for lake Tanganyika, Rome, Italy, 25-27 April 1988.
Aquaculture : principles and practices
Report of the fourth session of the Scientific Advisory Group : Mérida, Mexico, 2 - 4 April 2007 = Rapport de la quatrième session du Groupe Scientifique Consultatif = Informe de la cuarta sesión del Grupo Asesor Científico
Guidelines for designing data collection and sharing systems for co-managed fisheries. Part 2, Technical guidelines
Indo-Pacific fishery commission : report of the 7th session of the Indo-Pacific fishery commission working party on fish technology and marketing, Bangkok, Thailand, 19-22 April 1988.
Report of the FAO Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products From Inland Capture Fisheries : Rome, 25-27 May 2010.
Selected aquaculture publications: serials, newsletters, meeting proceedings, and bibliographies/directories/glossaries
Mixed-stock exploitation of Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.) and seal-induced damage in the coastal trap-net fishery of the Gulf of Bothnia : challenges and potential solutions
FAO fisheries proceedings
Input-efficiency of fishing cod in the Baltic Sea : comparing major EU trawler fleets
Report of the Expert Consultation on International Guidelines for the Management of Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas, Bangkok. 11-14 September 2007.
The end of the line : how overfishing is changing the world and what we eat
Report of the regional consultation on institutional credit for sustainable fish marketing, capture and management in Asia and the Pacific : Manila, Philippines, 3-7 July 1995.
Report of the tenth session of the fishery committee for the eastern central Atlantic, Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain, 24-27 November 1986.
Sustainability in fisheries management
In 2005 the Twenty-sixth Session of the Committee on Fisheries (COFI) adopted FAO Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries, and at the same time recommended that FAO prepare international guidelines on the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland fisheries. In response FAO convened an Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries in 2006. After considering the initial draft Guidelines produced by the 2006 Expert Consultation, COFI, at its Twenty-seventh Session, recommended that FAO undertake further work in relation to the minimum substantive requirements and criteria for both marine and inland capture fisheries and in 2008 FAO convened an Expert Consultation to address these issues. The 2008 Expert Consultation proposed revisions to the marine guidelines and draft inland guidelines and it requested further clarification on definitions and scope of the inland capture fishery guidelines, especially in regards to enhanced inland fisheries. The COFI Sub-Committee on Trade (COFI:FT) at its Eleventh Session recommended that an Expert Consultation be convened to address these issues and the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI agreed that further work was needed. The Expert Consultation on the Development of Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries was convened in Rome, 25-27 May 2010. The Expert Consultation reviewed the Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries (Revision 1) adopted by the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI and published by FAO in 2009, the report of the Expert Consultation on the FAO Guidelines for Ecolabelling Capture Fisheries (2008), the report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries (2006) and a background paper prepared by an FAO consultant that synthesized main points from the above documents. The Expert Consultation reviewed and refined draft Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries for consideration by the Twenty-ninth Session of COFI. The draft Guidelines follow closely the structure, language and conceptual approach of the revised Marine Guidelines. Many changes to the draft Guidelines primarily relate to the scope and minimum substantive requirements for ecolabelling inland capture fisheries, especially regarding enhanced fisheries. Aquaculture and enhanced fisheries that are solely dependent on material originating from aquaculture were excluded from the scope of the guidelines.
Indian ocean fishery commission : report of the fourth session of the committee for the development and management of fisheries in the southwest Indian Ocean, Zanzibar, Tanzania, 3-7 November 1986.
Indicators for sustainable aquaculture in Mediterranean and Black Sea countries : guide for the use of indicators to monitor sustainable development of aquaculture
Allocation of fishery resources : proceedings of the technical consultation on allocation of fishery resources, held in Vichy, France, 20-23 April 1980
Management of coastal lagoon fisheries and aquaculture in Italy. by G. D. Ardizzone, S. Cataudella, R. Rossi
Fish, fur and game for the future : a summary of presentations and discussions from a conference sponsored by the Science Advisory Board of the Northwest Territories, Yellowknife, N.W.T., February 24-25. 1981.
The vulnerability of fishing-dependent economies to disasters
Biotechnologies at work for smallholders : case studies from developing countries in crops, livestock and fish
Manual for the management of small fishery enterprises
Management of freshwater fisheries
Inland fisheries under the impact of irrigated agriculture : Central Asia
Aquaculture in Africa : a workshop on research in agriculture held in Harare, Zimbabwe 23rd-27th January 1991.
Western central Atlantic fishery commission : report of the fourth session of the working party on fishery statistics, Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago, 10-14 November 1986.
Fishery committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic : report of the eighth session of the Working party on resources evaluation, Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain, 6-9 September 1988.
