http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4813 obstacles (inanimate objects)
obstacles (inanimate objects)
Among the many states of late medieval Italy, one stands out for its unfamiliarity to an English audience and for its neglect in historical research: that of the Este family, lords (later Dukes) of the cities of Ferrara, Modena and Reggio in northern Italy. This book is the first modern attempt to provide a detailed analysis of the political structure of this state based on archive sources. Much of the book is concerned with the ways by which the Este used their vast landed resources in and around Ferrara to build up and reinforce their personal political authority both within and outside their dominions. Among the major themes examined are the continuing presence of political feudalism in the relations between the Este and their supporters, the place of the court in Ferrarese noble society, and the violent imposition of Este authority over the powerful nobles of the Apennine hills.
The pathology of public policy
How will 1992 affect the rest of the world? : the reactions of some major countries and trade blocks towards EC integration
International business opportunities : trade between Finland and El Salvador
Strategies to enhance drug delivery to the brain : biological studies with large amino acid transporter 1 (LAT1) in prodrug design
Finnish mechanical forest industry SME perceptions of export barriers to Russia
The liberalization process in Europe : market entry barriers versus competition stimulation : cases of Germany and Hungary
Tourism and welfare : ethics, responsibility and sustained well-being
Hempcrete Noise Barrier Wall for Highway Noise Insulation : Research & Construction
Obstacles to trade and competition
Entrepreneurship is a highly desired option for employment nowadays. Many hope to find superior living standard, independence, realization and job security through the entrepreneurial path. In some cases, self-employment is the only option available in order to maintain sustainability. (Eiyebholoria, 2012) However, numerous barriers are encountered on the path to success and entrepreneurship barriers can vary from one place to another. Furthermore, regardless the increase in entrepreneurship among immigrants in the past decades, various authors have acknowledged that barriers to entrepreneurship faced by immigrants attempting to establish and running a business in the country of settlement are greater. Additionally, often these barriers are not clearly known by the policy makers of the host society. For that reason, this research was conducted with the objective to understand and investigate the type of barriers that were encountered by immigrant entrepreneurs in the city of Turku. In this study, the literature review was formed based on a number of reliable academic sources concerning entrepreneurs, entrepreneurship barriers and immigrants. The first part of the literature review consists of a description of entrepreneur and immigrant entrepreneurs. The second part offers a general overview of the entrepreneurship barriers that are often confronted by immigrants. The primary data was collected by using an online survey, which was designed with close-ended and open-ended questions related to entrepreneurship barriers, open-ended questions were intentionally implemented to allow respondents to express themselves freely. The questionnaire was sent to several immigrant entrepreneurs registered in Turku local business support and services agency database.After analyzing the research empirical data collected through the survey, it was confirmed that immigrants encountered quite few barriers to entrepreneurship in the city of Turku. The major barriers were caused by the insufficient connection with the local community formal network. Recommendations based on primary data analysis and several new questions for further research were implemented at the end of this document.
Nontariff distortions of international trade
Imperfect transmissions of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurship
Post-Uruguay round market access barriers for industrial products
What are the biggest cultural factor-related challenges for Finnish SMEs while doing business with the Chinese?  : case: real voice from three businessmen
Indicators of tariff and non-tariff trade barriers
Nontariff distortions of trade : a statement on national policy
The seamstress
Deep space and terrestrial problems
Agricultural policies in emerging and transition economies 2001 : special focus on non-tariff measures
Ozi ́s Bed and Breakfast : a case of translation
Economic analysis for international trade negotiations : the WTO and agricultural trade
Obstacles and the environment : when securing offshore contracts
Advanced cross country riding : how to succeed in horse trials
Freerunning : find your way
The parkour and free-running handbook
The island
Internationalisation of Czech micro and small enterprises : empirical evidence from permanent marking industry sector
How to Internatinalize your Business : Guidebook for German Companies
Catalogue of Community legal acts and other texts relating to the 'Elimination of technical barriers to trade' [and] 'Nomenclature for iron and steel products (EURONORM)'
Walking, physical activity and life-space mobility among older people
EU trade barrier regulation : tackling unfair foreign trade practices
This study was conducted in order to address the challenges Inex Partners Oy has in the lateral communication between Processed Food and Daily Non-Food Products department and Purchasing department. This study argues that the challenges in lateral communication are due to three main issues. These are challenges in general communication such as inadequate relationship forming between the members of the two departments, geographical distance between the two departments and lack of communication guidelines from the management. The challenges are also derived from the way the members of the two departments are forming and are not forming effective cross functional teams. Thirdly the challenges are due to the way knowledge is managed in the organization. The research problem was: Why is the lateral information flow between the two departments not working in Inex Partners Oy? The research problem addressed a situation; a phenomenon at a certain time, and thus the research is cross-sectional and exploratory. The research approach is inductive and the research method is qualitative due to the context related and human aspect of the issue. The interview questions were derived from different related theories and the questions addressed the research problem from various angles. The data provided a lot of relevant and enlightening information regarding the problem and thus the analysis of the data gave valuable answers to the problem.   The findings of this study truly answer the research problem from various aspects and they truly enlighten the problem from a new point of view. As the study does not concentrate purely on communication but it also takes into account the human aspect and the knowledge management aspect of the challenge, this study provides new information to Inex Partners Oy that can help the company to take actions to overcome the challenge.
The integration of the European Community and third states in Europe : a legal analysis
The Lateral communication in Inex Partners Oy
Economic nationalism in a globalizing world
Trade policy in a changing world economy
A goal of the presented thesis work is to discuss a phenomenon of absence of small, private accommodation sector in Helsinki and to evaluate possibilities for its appearance. The key objective is to study whether it is a cultural feature or a practical barrier that prevents for instance families from opening small hotel businesses just as it is commonly practiced in many other countries, and to evaluate prospective of any changes in the local industry.    The work began with studying history of development of hotel business in Helsinki. A set question to answer was: when did the development of small accommodation end if it ever existed? It was followed by studying the present state of affairs. After that, comparison between situation with small accommodation in Helsinki and St. Petersburg was drawn. St. Petersburg was chosen due to its near-to-Helsinki location, and for a contrast to Helsinki situation with the sector of mini hotels.    The given paper is a research-oriented thesis. A qualitative method was preferred to quantitative as the author's goal was to gather industry professionals' opinions rather than just statistical numbers as a result of this study. The research was divided into three sections: interviewing Helsinki industry professionals, reviewing St. Petersburg industry professionals' discussions, interrogating potential travellers. A project work in a form of a business plan had been done beforehand to support meaningfulness of the further research work.    After having evaluated the present situation, an important question to address was: what are global tendencies in accommodation of today? The theoretical findings were supported by opinions of potential travellers of different social and age categories who were asked what type of accommodation they prefer when travelling. The responses helped the author draw a conclusion on whether there is demand for independent mini hotels or not.    Analysis of the findings showed that there is significant difference in accommodation specifics in Helsinki and St. Petersburg. Both cultural features and practical barriers prevent small businesses from developing in Helsinki. Yet shifts in local accommodation supply in near future towards more unique, life-style, budget and more segmented lodging are forecasted.
Central American farmers and on-farm tree planting : an investigation on the motives and obstacles to private on-farm tree planting comparing literature on the developing world to the findings of an empirical study in Central America
Love is love
No way home : the decline of the world's great animal migrations
Identification of barriers in international trade under imperfect competition
Challenges to the development of energy performance measurement : a systems thinking approach
Reforming the world trading system : legitimacy, efficiency, and democratic governance
WTOs future challenges : obstacles for ninth trade round
WTO rules for agriculture compatible with development
Outdoor environment, mobility decline and quality of life among older people
The barriers encountered by immigrant entrepreneurs in the city of Turku
Trade Liberalization and Labour Markets: Perspective from OECD Economies
Sustainable solutions for last mile Internet access in developing countries : critical success factors
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
Imperfect transmission of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurahip
The big leap : conquer your hidden fear and take life to the next level
The theory of protection
Female embodiment and barriers towards sport and physical activity : young Malaysian muslim women's self-stories
Trade policy and the transition process
Is the single market working?
Public regulation : new perspectives on institutions and policies
Parkour and Freerunning : discover your possibilities
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 12, Part A, The "Cost of Non-Europe" in the foodstuffs industry
Riding a horse : practical handbook
Visual obstruction of herb vegetation defining standards for natural barriers
Trade protection in the United States
The World Trade Organization Millennium Round : freer trade in the twenty-first century
The blood-brain barrier : biology and research protocols
Perceptions toward the opening of the Finnish-Russian border
In vitro cell models in predicting blood-brain barrier permeability of drugs
Europe's domestic market
The ultimate parkour & freerunning book : discover your possibilities
Measuring the costs and benefits of protection : a partial equilibrium approach
Mobility and migration choices : thresholds to crossing borders
The insurgent barricade
Trade barriers in export of Finnish goods to Russian Federation
Development of a framework to study communication barriers in the Distributed Agile Development environment
Quantitative methods for trade-barrier analysis
In vitro model of retinal pigment epithelium for use in drug delivery studies
Immigrants Establishing Business in Porvoo  : Obstacles and Opportunities
Possibilities for small accommodation businesses in Helsinki
Market entry strategies and confronted barriers on liberalized railway freight markets in Sweden and Poland
The effect of Russia’s accession to the WTO on Russian trade
Imperfect transmission of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurship
The European Union's trade policies and their economic effects
Barriers to and facilitators of the evidence based practice in nursing homes
Challenges of Finnish companies when entering the Russian business environment
Waiting for reform under Putin and Medvedev
Our research explored the use of social media among crisis and emergency management organizations and we present the main incentives and barriers experts perceive in social media adoption by such organizations. The data were gathered via an international online questionnaire sent to crisis communication and management experts. The results indicate that crisis and emergency management organizations use social media specifically to disseminate information to citizens but also increasingly to receive it from citizens. They are motivated to use social media because of the possibility for communicating through them directly, rapidly, and widely, as well as for building responsible relationships and situational awareness. Lack of knowledge, time, and role models for implementation, as well as inflexible and old-fashioned organizational culture, were the main barriers mentioned for not utilizing social media. Based on the results, further effort should be put into promoting the dissemination of knowledge, best practices, and experiences of using social media across the various actors and organizations providing crisis response.
The international trading system
Competing for integration : Japan, Europe, Latin America and their stategic partners
The Wedding Girl
The law and economics of contingent protection in the WTO
Butterworths competition law handbook
Barriers to eCommerce of online travel agencies in Finland
Imperfect transmissions of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneusrship
Globally distributed knowledge sharing in social software environments : barriers and interventions
Diffusion of Solar Products on the African Market-Ghana case
Free movement of goods : guide to the application of Treaty provisions governing the free movement of goods
Protectionist tendencies in the North and vulnerable economies in the South
Obstacles to the employment of young adult immigrants in the Helsinki capital region
Community renewable energy in the northern periphery : an argument for policy change
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Constraints to leisure
Barriers of free trade in the trade of used motorcycles to Finland
Technical barriers to trade
The impact of further tariff reduction on the EU sugar sector in the forthcoming multilateral round
Expert views on current and future use of social media among crisis and emergency management organizations : Incentives and barriers
Industry and West European integration. 2
Roadblocks in the way of the change : a case study with collaborative design workshops during a company's innovation culture building [sic]
Disparities in physical activity in old age
An investigation into factors that keep nascent entrepreneurs from the start-up of an own venture
Low carbon actions in households : assessing the behavior of households in a suburb in Helsinki
Land and Power in Late Medieval Ferrara : The Rule of the Este, 1350-1450
Representing solute transport through the multi-barrier disposal system by simplified concepts
Borderlands and frontiers in Africa
Entrepreneurship prospects in Finland are high as the Finnish economic policy foster entrepreneurship possibilities. The aim of this research is to enlighten prospective immigrant entrepreneurs in Porvoo on the problems encountered by immigrant entrepreneurs. The study is also geared to reveal the opportunities available in Porvoo and the approaches immigrant entrepreneurs could use to enhance better business operations.A qualitative research method was adopted to acquire detailed information and a semi-structured interview approach was used to keep the conversation towards the research aims. The survey was carried out between July and September 2010. A total of seven immigrant entrepreneurs, one business advisor and six international business students of the Porvoo Unit of HAAGA HELIA UAS were interviewed. Other information for the research was obtained from websites of the appropriate authorities, articles, previous researches, books, and printed documents. The theoretical framework is structured to create better comprehension of the research topic. The findings of the research reveal that most immigrant entrepreneurs in Porvoo have prior experience and they have lived and have been operating their business in Finland for several years. The study also revealed that they encounter problems like high competition, noticeable traces of discrimination, difficulty at the early stage of their businesses, unfavorable business location, and incompetent employees. Businesses such as services for the ageing population, tourist services, import and supply of gift items, hair salons and spa are revealed as other possibilities for immigrant entrepreneurs in Porvoo. Furthermore, support possibilities that could enhance business success among immigrant are noted as opportunities that most immigrant entrepreneurs in Porvoo fail to utilize. Finally, recommendations are made based on the research findings and the knowledge acquired from the theory part of the research and suggestions are given for further research.
Abstract.
Immigrants establishing business in Porvoo : obstacles and opportunities
National capacity-building in selected ESCWA member countries in view of technical barriers to trade and the WTO Agreements
101 jumping exercises for horse & rider
Identifying and Managing the Market Barriers to Renewable Energy in Kenya
Quantification of non-tariff measures
International economic policies in a globalized world
Consumer resistance to switching banking service channel from ATM to Internet
Korea South : doing business and investing in Korea South guide
Trade facilitation : the challenges for growth and development
What is this thing called theory of constraints and how should it be implemented?
From An  Idea to A Start-up: Barriers and Solutions for Undergraduates as Potential Entrepreneurs in Vaasa
External access to European markets
Issues in the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership : A critical discourse analysis
English abstract.
The impact of regulations on agro-food trade : the Technical Barriers to Trade (TBT) and Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures (SPS) agreements
Just send me word : a true story of love and survival in the gulag
'To the barricades!' - The cry conjures images of angry citizens, turmoil in the streets, and skirmishes fought behind hastily improvised cover. This title presents the history of the barricade that charts the origins, development, and diffusion of a European revolutionary tradition. It traces the barricade from its beginnings onwards.
On self- and cross-incompatibility shown by Betula verrucosa Ehrh. and Betula pubescens Ehrh
Responsive regulation : transcending the deregulation debate
Post-conflict development in Bosnia and Herzegovina : the hindrances to local socioeconomic development in Mostar
Catalogue of Community legal acts and other texts relating to elimination of technical barriers to trade for industrial products
Overcoming the institutional obstacles of industrial recycling
Return migration in Central Europe : transnational migrants' perspectives and local businesses ́ needs
Sharing the gains of globalization in the new security environment : the challenges to trade facilitation
Toward a typology of civil society actors : the case of the movement to change international trade rules and barriers
The detection of objects by the blind with the aid of a laser cane
Finnish-German trade relations
Trade facilitation
Barriers to regular exercise among adults at high risk or diagnosed with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review
Electronic commerce is a constantly growing business form in the world. At the same time, the income of middle class in developing countries is increasing, which booms the world s tourism and a demand for traditional and online travel agencies can be perceived.  The objective of this thesis is to find the current shortcomings or limitations in eCommerce in consumer retailing, with a focus on online travel agencies operating in Finland. There exist several researches relating to the eCommerce barriers in the travel services field, but not any from the Finnish perspective.  The main research problem is: What are the barriers to eCommerce of online travel agencies (OTAs) operating in Finland?  The research method used in this desktop study is qualitative, a multiple-case study of four online travel agencies: E-ticket, Supersaver, Travellink and Travelstart. The secondary data was collected from several various research reports, research journals, statistics offices data bases, articles, companies websites, study reports and international trade websites.  The results of the research are that in Finland, disintermediation in the value chain of travel services is limiting the online travel agencies sales, the major part of airline ticket sales is direct selling at 86 %, consumers prefer to shop in person, they have no need to buy through the Internet and they have payment security concerns. When examining the case companies websites, there were several deficiencies: lack of contact information, false information, broken and false hyperlinks, customer service poorly available, blogs needed, payment methods to be improved, information to be presented in richer ways and missing customer member pages. The lack of quality in the website of an online travel agency is a concern as it is the only contact in many cases the consumer has with the company.
Barriers to export for Finnish design companies exporting to Hong Kong
Market entry and operating barriers for Finnish companies working in Russia
International conference on Japanese information in science, technology and commerce : University of Warwick, 1-4 September, 1987 : preprints
Barriers to internationalisation for the Iranian SMEs
Lowering the cognitive barriers of recerse knowledge transfer between subsidiary and headqiarter: Finnish companies operating in China
Boosting manufacturing firms' exports? : the role of trade facilitation in Africa
Consumer resistance to digital television
Helicopter obstacle warning system
Free trade for global prosperity : Japan's "action program" for easy access to its markets
Impediments to parallel trade in pharmaceuticals within the European Community : final report
Parkour : the art of freerunning
