http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4815 mental hospitals
mental hospitals
Sucker punch
The ballroom
Yksi lensi yli käenpesän : One flew over the cuckoo's nest
The ambler warning
This way madness lies : the asylum and beyond
Conscience and convenience : the asylum and its alternatives in progressive America
The last asylum : a memoir of madness in our times
A question of madness
The tin drum
The hiding place
The orphan of Awkward Falls
Batman : Arkham reborn
Inconvenient people : lunacy, liberty, and the mad-doctors in Victorian England
Adolescents with their first episode of schizophrenia spectrum psychosis : a comparison with adolescents suffering from other severe mental disorders
Transition
The last warner woman
Tarnished beauty : a novel
The confinement of the insane : international perspectives, 1800-1965
The frozen dead
The book collector
The girl who couldn't read
Someday find me
Researching persons with mental illness
The Last Asylum begins with Barbara Taylor's visit to the innocuously named Princess Park Manor in Friern Barnet, North London -- a picture of luxury and repose. But this is the former site of one of England's most infamous lunatic asylums, the Middlesex County Pauper Lunatic Aslyum at Colney Hatch. At its peak this asylum housed nearly 3,000 patients -- among them, in the 1980s, Barbara Taylor herself. The Last Asylum is Taylor's powerful account of her battle with mental illness, set inside the wider story of the end of the UK asylum system. Barbara Taylor's previous books include an award-winning study of nineteenth-century socialist feminism, Eve and the New Jerusalem; an intellectual biography of the pioneer feminist Mary Wollstonecraft; and On Kindness, a defence of fellow feeling co-written with the psychoanalyst Adam Phillips. She is a longstanding editor of the leading history journal, History Workshop Journal, and a director of the Raphael Samuel History Centre. She teaches history and English at Queen Mary University of London.
The incident
Bedlam : London and its mad
The afterlives of the psychiatric asylum : recycling concepts, sites and memories
What she left behind
Healthcare architecture in the Netherlands
The sixth man
Rosemary : the hidden Kennedy daughter
The silent ones
The objective of the thesis was to research the brand image of an aesthetic surgery provider (private hospital) among women aged 25-75 years old living in the Suur-Helsinki area. The intention was to find out how well people are aware of this service provider, what kind of values and personality treats are linked to it and how relevant it is to the study's target group. The theoretical framework was formed from the concepts of brand, brand image and its' elements and formation, services and purchase process of services. The central topics in relation to the aesthetic service provider's brand image this study are awareness, relevance, trust, values, personality traits and future intentions. The study was conducted in the form of an Internet-based e-mail questionnaire, which was sent to 22 000 potential respondents through MTV3's service called Sähköpostisuora. The total number of respondents was 1750. The research methodology was quantitative. The results indicated that respondents were well aware of the company and that they would consider it as a service provider if they were thinking about using aesthetic surgery services. The personality traits and qualities linked to the service provider were generally positive, but the data indicated as well that there is a large number of people who do not have any type of image about the service provider. In conclusion, the service provider has a good position in the market, but they might consider targeting marketing efforts more efficiently to over 45 years olds, as they seem to be a bit less aware of the service provider. Also bringing service providers values and competitive advantages more clearly forth in their advertising and other marketing could be a good idea for the target group to be able to form a clear image of the company.
A mother's shame
Three teens at a summer program for gifted students uncover shocking secets in the sanatorium-turned-dorm where they're staying--secrets that link them all to the asylum's dark past.
Is mental illness – or madness – at root an illness of the body, a disease of the mind, or a sickness of the soul? Should those who suffer from it be secluded from society or integrated more fully into it? This Way Madness Lies explores the meaning of mental illness through the successive incarnations of the institution that defined it: the madhouse, designed to segregate its inmates from society; the lunatic asylum, which intended to restore the reason of sufferers by humane treatment; and the mental hospital, which reduced their conditions to diseases of the brain. Rarely seen photographs and illustrations drawn from the archives of mental institutions in Europe and the U.S. illuminate and reinforce the compelling narrative, while extensive ‘gallery’ sections present revealing and thought-provoking artworks by asylum patients and other artists from each era of the institution and beyond.
Brand image of a company providing aesthetic surgery services
The world before us
Psychiatry in communist Europe
A criminal feigns insanity and is admitted to a mental hospital where he challenges the autocratic authority of the head nurse.
Insanity and the lunatic asylum in the nineteenth century
Summary: First-contact psychiatric patients.
Medicine and magnificence : British hospital and asylum architecture, 1660-1815
The quickening maze
Grace Williams Says it Loud
Institutionalized
Near the turn of the nineteenth century, Dr. Thornhollow helps teenaged Grace Mae escape from the Boston asylum where she was sent after becoming pregnant by rape, and takes her to Ohio where they put her intelligence and remarkable memory to use in trying to catch murderers / Library of Congress.
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
Adam resurrected
Encyclopedia of asylum therapeutics, 1750-1950s
Kill the King
One flew over the cuckoo's nest
The last 40 years has seen a significant shift from state commitment to asylum-based mental health care to a mixed economy of care in a variety of locations. In the wake of this deinstitutionalisation, attention to date has focussed on users and providers of care. The consequences for the idea and fabric of the psychiatric asylum have remained 'stones unturned'. This book address an enduring yet under-examined question: what has become of the asylum? Focussing on the 'recycling' of both the idea of the psychiatric asylum and its sites, buildings and landscapes, this book makes theoretical connections to current trends in mental health care and to ideas in cultural/urban geography. The process of closing asylums and how asylums have survived in specific contexts and markets is assessed and consideration given to the enduring attraction of asylum and its repackaging as well as to retained mental health uses on former asylum sites, new uses on former sites, and interpretations of the derelict psychiatric asylum. The key questions examined are the challenges posed in seeking new uses for former asylums, the extent to which re-use can transcend stigma yet sustain memory and how location is critical in shaping the future of asylum and asylum sites.
People in white
Institutionalizing the insane in nineteenth-century England
A fool, free
Asylums : essays on the social situation of mental patients and other inmates
T.I.M.E. stories
Dry ice : a novel
Girl, interrupted
The mentally ill have always been with us, but once confined in institutions their treatment has not always been of much interest or concern. This work makes a case for why it should be. Using published reports, studies, and personal narratives of doctors and patients, this book reveals how therapeutics have always been embedded in their particular social and historical moment, and how they have linked extant medical knowledge, practitioner skill and the expectations of patients who experienced their own disorders in different ways. Three centuries of asylum therapeutics are detailed in encyclopedic entries, including awakening patients with firecrackers, easing brain congestion by bleeding, extracting teeth and excising parts of the colon, dousing with water, raising or lowering body temperature, shocking with electricity or toxins, and penetrating the brain with ice picks.
The ward
Utopia, community care and the retreat from the asylums
The asylum
A madness so discreet
A fever of the blood
On her first day at the Briar Mental Institute, eleven-year-old Grace meets Daniel, an epileptic who can type with his feet. He sees a different Grace: someone to share secrets and canoodle with, someone to fight for. Daniel fills Grace's head with tales from Paris and the world beyond. This is Grace's story: her life, its betrayals and triumphs, disappointment and loss, the taste of freedom; roses, music and tiny scraps of paper. Most of all, it is about the love of a lifetime.
The heroines : a novel
