http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4810 retirement
retirement
Masters of their own time? Working carers’s visions about combining retirement and caring
Abstract.
Handbook on employment and the elderly
Microeconometric analysis of the retirement decision : the Netherlands
Adjustment to retirement : a cross-national study
Masters of their own time? : working careers' visions about combining retirement and caring
Cross-national patterns of labor force withdrawal
"Newly retired Philip returns home to Cologne and is thrown into emotional turmoil upon bumping into his long-lost sweetheart. In the midst of a domestic crisis, Ricarda confides in Philip that she is looking for somewhere to live. And there and then, Philip suggests that she move in with him - he is setting up a flatshare. Will she join him with his mischievous dachshund named Ralf? To his surprise, Ricarda agrees, leaving Philip to scramble together a crew of retirees in time for spring, for the most unlikely of social experiments. There's grumpy cigarette-smoking grandfather Harry; quiet and discreet Eckart, curiously carting around his late wife's headstone; Uschi, brimming with life, harbouring a passion for leotards and aerobics, along with sausages and outrageous knitting patterns; and then, ever-practical and warm-hearted Ricarda, towards whom Phillip is developing real feelings. Despite their differences, the flatmates thrive and embark on a series of new adventures. But when Uschi falls unwell, familiar cracks begin to show and this uniquely spirited club of friends must work together in order to survive - and truly blossom."--Publisher's description.
A longitudinal analysis of the factors related to adjustment in retirement
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
Job stability in Finland 1965-2004 : evidence from private sector pension registers
Men's generative narratives : making meaning in retirement
Effects of aging on pension planning : case study on Hewitt Associates in the German market
Assessing the effects of early retirement programs
Longevity is increasing : what about the retirement age?
The rest has to be lived
Working-life expectancy in Finland : trends and differentials 2000-2015 : a multistate regression approach
Letting go : preparing yourself to relinquish control of the family business
Women in mid-life : planning for tomorrow
Retiring to France
Are individuals who are active and doing household work prone to retire earlier : evidence from time user survey of older Finns
Retiring to Italy
Abstract (1 s.).
The relation of pre and post-retirement information to post-retirement adjustment
Effective retirement age in the earnings-related pension scheme in 1996-2003
Life expectancy by labor force status and social class : recent period and cohort trends and projections for Finland
Eläkkeellesiirtymisikä Suomen työeläkejärjestelmässä = Pensioneringsåldern inom arbetspensionssystemet i Finland = Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme
The good retirement guide : everything you need to know about health, property, investment, leisure, work
Ageing and employment policies : live longer, work longer
The role of pension policy in promoting longer working careers of older people
Economic incentives and labour market transitions of the aged Finnish workforce
Early retirement as a transitional process
Race for Retirement
Retirement and knowledge : tacit knowledge transfer to new generations
Elite sport retirement process : career analysis of former Swedish elite athletes
Microeconometric analysis of the retirement decision : Germany
The effects of pension systems reform on retirement and government finances : predictions using Danish data on married couples
Transitions from work to retirement : developing a new social contract
Retirement in industrialized societies : social, psychological and health factors
Age, work and social security
Time use and options for retirement in Europe
Finnish pension reform and intentions of older workers to continue at work
Executive summary (s. 15-17). - Sammanfattning (s. 19-21). - Tiivistelmä (s. 23-26). - Ágrip (s. 27-29).
Adjustment in OECD agriculture : issues and policy responses
Everyday mobility and travel activities during the first years of retirement
The Vintage Springtime Club
The distribution of pension wealth in Finland
European economy. Reports and studies. 1998, 3, Income benefits for early exit from the labour market in eight European countries - a comparative study
Pensions are no solution to the unemployment problem : analysis of the suggested introduction of lower retirement ages as a measure against unemployment
Early retirement
Pension system, unemployment insurance and employment at older ages in Finland
Eläkkeellesiirtymisikä Suomen työeläkejärjestelmässä [huhtikuussa 2008] = Pensioneringsålders inom arbetspensionssystemet i Finland [april 2008] = Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme [April 2008]
How to age in place : planning for a happy, independent, and financially secure retirement
Retirement in the Nordic countries : prospects and proposals for reform
Major Pettigrew's last stand
Predictors of early retirement : a population-based study in men from Eastern Finland
Microeconometric analysis of the retirement decision : Italy
Income benefits for early exit from the labour market in eight European countries : a comparative study
Time for retirement : comparative studies in early exit from the labor force
Abstract (s. 3).
Health and retirement decisions : an update of the literature
Changes in the standard of living, connected with aging and retirement : comparative perspective (USA, Germany, Russia)
Retirement decisions and option values : their application regarding Finland, Belgium and Germany
Families and retirement
Working longer : the solution to the retirement income challenge
Disability retirement : socioeconomic differences and health outcomes
Early exit from the labor force in Sweden
Preretirement in the Nordic countries in a European context
A history of retirement : the meaning and function of an American institution 1885-1978
Midlife exercise, midlife self-rated fitness and willingness of bridge employment in older age
Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme
Pensions in Europe, European pensions : the evolution of pension policy at national and supranational level
Expected effective retirement age in the Nordic countries
The irrelevance of stated plans in predicting farm successions in Finland
Retirement transition and well-being : a 16-year longitudinal study
Early exit from the labour market through the unemployment pathway in Finland
Regulating employment and welfare : company and national policies of labour force participation at the end of worklife in industrial countries
Should the aging employees be utilized as internal coaches in transferring tacit knowledge?
Functional and work disability and treatment received by patients with major depressive disorder
The sociology of retirement
Experience of early exit : a comparative study of the reasons for and consequences of early retirement in Finland and Denmark in 1999-2000
Not so voluntary retirement decisions? : evidence from a pension reform
Eläkkeellesiirtymisikä Suomen työeläkejärjestelmässä = Pensioneringsålders inom arbetspensionssystemet i Finland = Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme
Brilliant retirement : your practical guide to a happy, helthy, financially sound retirement
Institutional rules, labour demand and disability programme participation
Executive summary (s. 9-14).
Reinventing the retirement paradigm
Actuarial fair pension reform: postponed retirement and redistribution of pension wealth : evidence from Belgium, Finland, Germany and Spain
Monitoring the employment strategy and the duration of active working life
Early retirement and use of time by older Finns
Education and longer working lives : a longitudinal study on education differences in the late exit from working life of older employees in Finland
Summary.
"Investigates the prospects for moving the average retirement age to 66 from 63. Examines companies' incentives to employ older workers and what government can do to promote continued participation in the workforce. Considers the challenge of ensuring a secure retirement for low-wage workers and those unable to continue to work"--Provided by publisher.
Microeconometric analysis of the retirement decision : Uni ted States
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
Too close to the edge
Employers and the flexible retirement age : employer views on the Finnish pension reform in 2005 and older employees' continued work
The long way home
How well can individuals approaching retirement estimate their future pension benefits?
Vertical and horizontal trust at work as predictors of retirements intentions : the Finnish Public Sector Study
Women's retirement : policy implications of recent research
Retire smart, retire happy : finding your true path in life
Employment and accrued pension rights among the elderly : a peek into the pension registers
Implication for social security of research on aging and retirement : report of round table meeting (The Hague, 27-29 April 1976)
Summary in Swedish.
