http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4819 tissues (organic objects)
tissues (organic objects)
Somatic embryogenesis in woody plants. Vol. 3, Gymnosperms
Xylem structure and the ascent of sap
Faba bean in microspore culture
Tomato biotechnology : proceedings of a Symposium held at the University of California, Davis, California, August 20-22, 1986
Maintenance of male sterile germplasm in Brassica rapa in vitro propagation
Plant tissue culture : a classified bibliography
Recent advances in protoplast culture of horticultural crops
Short-needle disease of Scots pine: an abnormal needle length distribution
Histology : a text and atlas with correlated cell and molecular biology
The biology of reaction wood
With todays ever growing economic and ecological problems, wood as a raw material takes on increasing significance as the most important renewable source of energy and as industrial feedstock for numerous products. Its chemical and anatomical structure and the excellent properties that result allow wood to be processed into the most diverse products; from logs to furniture and veneers, and from wood chippings to wooden composites and paper. The aim of this book is to review advances in research on the cellular aspects of cambial growth and wood formation in trees over recent decades. The book is divided into two major parts. The first part covers the basic process of wood biosynthesis, focusing on five major steps that are involved in this process: cell division, cell expansion, secondary cell wall formation, programmed cell death and heartwood formation. The second part of the book deals with the regulation of wood formation by endogenous and exogenous factors. On the endogenous level the emphasis is placed on two aspects: control of wood formation by phytohormones and by molecular mechanisms. Apart from endogenous factors, various exogenous effects (such as climate factors) are involved in wood formation. Due to modern microscopic as well as molecular techniques, the understanding of wood formation has progressed significantly over the last decade. Emphasizing the cellular aspects, this book first gives an overview of the basic process of wood formation, before it focuses on factors involved in the regulation of this process.
A colour atlas of plant structure
Glossary of plant tissue culture
A practical guide to the histology of the mouse
Plant biotechnology - challenges for improved pharmaceuticals
Polyamine metabolism of Scots pine under abiotic stress
Effect of cell structure geometric and elastic parameters on wood rigidity
Expression of CD34 mRNA and protein in cattle
Dynamic variations in bark hydraulics : understanding whole tree processes and its linkage to bark hydraulic function and structure
In vitro culture of higher plants : Bibliography
Wood structure and environment
Wood-water relations
Characterisation of properties of coniferous wood tracheids by x-ray diffraction, laser scattering and microscopy
Factors influencing somatic embryogenesis and regeneration ability in somatic tissue culture of spring and winter rye
Wood formation in trees : cell and molecular biology techniques
Auxin and cytokinin interactions regulate primary vascular patterning during root development in Arabidopsis thaliana
Color atlas of cytology, histology, and microscopic anatomy
Cell and tissue culture
Characterization of the cellulosic cell wall
Wheater's functional histology : a text and colour atlas
The interaction of auxin and cytokinin signaling regulates primary root procambial patterning, xylem cell fate and differentiation in Arabidopsis thaliana
Wheater's Basic histopathology : a colour atlas and text
A bibliography of the research in tissue culture 1884 to 1950 : an index to the literature of the living cell cultivated in vitro
Micropropagation systems and techniques 2002-2006
The book is an essential reference source on reaction wood for wood scientists and technologists, plant biologists, silviculturists, forest ecologists, and anyone involved in the growing of trees and the processing of wood. It brings together our current understanding of all aspects of reaction wood, and is the first book to compare and discuss both compression wood and tension wood. Trees produce reaction wood to maintain the vertical orientation of their stems and the optimum angle of each branch. They achieve this by laying down fibre cell walls in which differences in physical and chemical structure from those of normal fibres are expressed as differential stresses across the stem or branch. This process, while of obvious value for the survival of the tree, causes serious problems for the utilisation of timber. Timber derived from trees containing significant amounts of reaction wood is subject to dimensional instability on drying, causing distortion and splitting. It is also difficult to work as timber, and for the pulp and paper industry the cost of removing the increased amount of lignin in compression wood is substantial. This has both practical and economic consequences for industry. Understanding the factors controlling reaction wood formation and its effect on wood structure is therefore fundamental to our understanding of the adaptation of trees to their environment and to the sustainable use of wood.
Histology atlas : normal structure of salmonids : a colour atlas - English, German, French and Spanish legends
Fungal strategies of wood decay in trees
Histochemistry : theoretical and applied. Vol. 1, Preparative and optical technology
Viral transport in plants
Plant nutrition : manual
Cytokinins regulate vascular morphogenesis in the Arabidopsis thaliana root
Forest-related ozone studies in the University of Kuopio : challenges at molecular, physiological and ecological level
Pattern formation in plant tissues
Responses of Pinus pinea and P. pinaster seedling roots to substrata at different pH values
High-tech and micropropagation. 2
Anatomy of Russian woods : an atlas for the identification of trees, shrubs, dwarf shrubs and woody lianas from Russia : atlas dlâ identifikacii drevesiny derev'ev, kustarnikov, polukustarnikov i derevânistyh lian Rossii = Anatomiâ drevesiny rastenij Rossii
Cells, tissues, and disease : principles of general pathology
Tissue culture of selected tropical fruit plants
Automation and environmental control in plant tissue culture
Atlas of woody plant stems : evolution, structure, and environmental modifications
Plant cell and tissue culture
Plant anatomy : an applied approach
Root genetics research of Arabidopsis thaliana : development of xylem in vasculature
Cells and organelles
MMP inhibition and downregulation by bisphosphonates
The potato
Micropropagation : technology and application
Physicochemical and environmental plant physiology
Ultrastructural pathobiology
Anatomy and physiology of diseased plants
In vitro culture of higher plants
Physicochemical & environmental plant physiology
Current issues in plant molecular and cellular biology : proceedings of the 8th International Congress on Plant Tissue and Cell Culture, Florence, Italy, 12-17 June, 1994
Comparative wood anatomy : systematic, ecological, and evolutionary aspects of dicotyledon wood
Cellular aspects of wood formation
Environment and genetic background affecting endophyte-grass symbiosis
Biotechnology of the medicinal plant, Rhazya stricta
Progress in plant protoplast research : proceedings of the 7th International protoplast symposium, Wageningen, the Netherlands, December 6-11, 1987
Effects of elevated temperature and/or ozone on leaf structural characteristics and volatile organic compound emissions of northern deciduous tree and crop species
Programmed cell death in higher plants
Functional and ecological xylem anatomy
Plant development : the cellular basis
Plant physiology
Ozone-induced signaling in Arabidopsis thaliana
Contributions to a better understanding of morphogenesis in Picea abies (L.) Karst. tissues cultured in vitro
This book analyzes what is currently known about functional and ecological xylem anatomy. In addition to serving as a source of information to professionals, instructors, and advanced students in plant science and forestry, the inherent beauty of xylem that is apparent in many images will be a source of inspiration to readers who are not yet familiar with the topic. This work offers a unique combination of scientific insight based on thorough experimental work and beautiful images, which often speak for themselves. The beauty of xylem is evident at different scales; from views of striking tree ring patterns and vascular networks in fern fronds, conifer needles, and angiosperm leaves, to microscopic images of developing pits. Functional and Ecological Xylem Anatomy not only serves as a source of information, but also of inspiration.
Crown architecture and its role in species interactions in mixed boreal forests
Crops I
Effect of nitrogen and sucrose on the primary and secondary metabolism of transformed root cultures of Hyoscyamus muticus
Histochemistry : theoretical and applied. Vol 2, Analytical technology
Plant cryopreservation : a practical guide
Biochemistry and pathology of connective tissue
Nitrogen in a sustainable ecosystem from the cell to the plant
Guidelines for molecular analysis in archive tissues
Photomicrographs of the flowering plant
Matrix metalloproteinase 2 (Gelatinase A) is related to migration of keratinocytes
Tissue and cellular effects of air pollutants on coniferous trees
Growth patterns in vascular plants
Plant tissue culture : techniques and experiments
Essentials of stem cell biology
Functional histology
Plant culture media. Vol. 2, Commentary and analysis
Meristematic tissues in plant growth and development
Plant tissue culture (PTC) is basic to all plant biotechnologies and is an exciting area of basic and applied sciences with considerable scope for further research. PTC is also the best approach to demonstrate the totipotency of plant cells, and to exploit it for numerous practical applications. It offers technologies for crop improvement (Haploid and Triploid production, In Vitro Fertilization, Hybrid Embryo Rescue, Variant Selection), clonal propagation (Micropropagation), virus elimination (Shoot Tip Culture), germplasm conservation, production of industrial phytochemicals, and regeneration of plants from genetically manipulated cells by recombinant DNA technology (Genetic Engineering) or cell fusion (Somatic Hybridization and Cybridization).Considerable work is being done to understand the physiology and genetics of in vitro embryogenesis and organogenesis using model systems, especially Arabidopsis and carrot, which is likely to enhance the efficiency of in vitro regeneration protocols. All these aspects are covered extensively in the present book. Since the first book on Plant Tissue Culture by Prof. P.R. White in 1943, several volumes describing different aspects of PTC have been published. Most of these are compilation of invited articles by different experts or proceedings of conferences. More recently, a number of books describing the Methods and Protocols for one or more techniques of PTC have been published which should serve as useful laboratory manuals. The impetus for writing this book was to make available a complete and up-to-date text covering all basic and applied aspects of PTC for the students and early-career researchers of plant sciences and plant / agricultural biotechnology.^The book comprises of nineteen chapters profusely illustrated with self-explanatory illustrations. Most of the chapters include well-tested protocols and relevant media compositions that should be helpful in conducting laboratory experiments. For those interested in further details, Suggested Further Reading is given at the end of each chapter, and a Subject and Plant Index is provided at the end of the book.
Plant tissue culture : an introductory text
Plant physiology : a treatise. 5. B, Analysis of growth: the responses of cells and tissues in culture
Can protoplast production from in vitro cultured shoots of Tanacetum vary during the season?
Bacterial and bacteria-like contaminants of plant tissue cultures : a symposium in the CEC crop productivity programme, Cork, Ireland, 23-25 September 1987
Human biobanks : ethical and social issues : a publication by the Nordic Committee on Bioethics
New techniques and systems for growth, regeneration and micropropagation 1995-1997
Cell and tissue culture for medical research
Regeneration and micropropagation : techniques, systems and media 1997-1999
