http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4814 noise abatement
noise abatement
Acoustic array systems : theory, implementation, and application
Acoustics and noise control
Handbook of acoustical measurements and noise control
NAM 96 : Nordic Acoustical Meeting, 12-14 June 1996, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Implementation of the new ISO 717 building acoustic rating methods in Europe
Engineering noise control : theory and practice
Musicians and the prevention of hearing loss
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 15, Meluntorjunnan perusteet, melualtistus = Noise control, noise exposure
Tolerance of noise as a necessity of urban life  : noise pollution as an environmental problem and its cultural perceptions in the city of Helsinki
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 5, Noise
The state of the arctic environment : reports
Handbook of noise & vibration control
Multi-objective actuator placement optimization for local sound control evaluated in a stochastic domain
Why noise matters : a worldwide perspective on the problems, policies, and solutions
Sound insulation
Road traffic noise attenuation by belts of trees and bushes
Action programme for reducing the adverse effects of transport to the environment
Reduction of aircraft noise at Nordic airports before the year 2000 : summary and action plan
Noise prediction methods used in the Nordic countries
Environmental impact assessment methodologies
Action programme for reducing the adverse effects of transport to the environment : follow-up 1997
Exposure to gunfire noise : some auditory and non-auditory consequences associated with disability and handicap in army officers
Towards healthy, sustainable transportation : implementation of the WHO London Charter in Finland
Position paper on EU noise indicators : a report produced fo the European Commission
OECD environmental performance reviews : Finland
Finnish environmental legislation
Noise pollution and control strategy
Towards environmental sustainability : report of the peer review of the city of Helsinki
The environmental policy of the European Communities
Numerical methods for acoustics and noise control
Noise policy in the Netherlands and how the EU influences it
Summary (s. 21-26).
An optimal local active noise control method based on stochastic finite element models
Sound absorption of multi-layer structures : experimental study
Noise and dust encapsulation of a mobile crushing machine : LT116
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 16, Melunmittauksen perusstandardit = Noise measurement basic standards
Military aviation noise : noise-induced hearing impairment and noise protection
Modelling and simulation of multitechnological machine systems, Espoo, 30.11.2000
Understanding active noise cancellation
Properties of acoustic energy quantities
Air traffic noise calculation : Nordic guidelines
The ultimate goal of noise
Industrial noise control and acoustics
Development of active noise control and voice communication systems for personal hearing protectors
This paper reports the results of a literature study into the effect of plants on human well-being. Modern synthetic furnishings, computers and electrical equipment and everyday household products such as cleaning materials, emit various harmful gases in small quantities which all contribute to the recognized sick building syndrome. Simple additions of a few indoor plants in your home or office can do a great deal to boost your health and well-being.     Different studies from various countries show that there are many different settings in which humans interact with plants. Some of these settings have a therapeutic aim, others do not. The benefits of plants for office workers in a working environment have been examined in different studies. Some research has been done into the effects of plants on well-being and health. The results show that there is a positive relationship between plants added to workplace and the health of the worker such as a decline of health problems like fatigue, headaches and complaints like dry and sore throat and dry hands when plants were placed in office. From an economical point of view, it should be of great interest to include plants as a work environment asset, since only small investments are necessary in order to establish a green indoor environment. In addition and probably just as important, personal well-being and the quality of the every day working environment may be increased for the employees.    The thesis is divided into two parts, the writing part and the handbook part. The objective of the thesis is to elaborate discussions of well-being in the hospitality by considering plants as new aspects.
Noise and dust encapsulation of a mobile crushing machine : LT1213
A measurement procedure proposal for the emmission of external noise from large industrial sources
Trees and shrubs for noise abatement
Noise sensitivity : medical, psychological and genetic aspects
Manifesto for silence : confronting the politics and culture of noise
Advanced air and noise pollution control
Experimental acoustic characterization of automotive inlet and exhaust system
Noise abatement policy in the European Union : the Union's current policy and proposals for future noise abatement measures
Environmental noise barriers : a guide to their acoustic and visual design
The environment handbook
The multifunctionality of green roofs and the Finnish Land Use and Building Act.
Introduction to environmental engineering
Reducing the risks from occupational noise
Plants and well-being
This title provides researchers and working engineers with an overview of microphone array technology with applications in noise source identification and sound field visualization.
Designed to accompany the new Open University course in Environmental Monitoring and Protection, this is one of four new titles which will equip the reader with the tools to undertake Environmental Impact Assessments (EIAs). Used in planning, decision-making and management, EIAs review both the theoretical principles and environmental considerations of engineering and environmental projects to help steer fundamental legislation in the right direction. This book will cover the basic principles and concepts of sound and sound propagation, covering units, crite.
Design guide for environmental barriers
Engineering noise control : theory and pratice
Fundamentals of noise control engineering
Use of vegetation in civil engineering
The science of sound
Non occupational noise : sources, exposure and effects on hearing
The European parliament and the environment policy of the European Union
Urban forest acoustics
