http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4816 psychiatric hospitals
psychiatric hospitals
The man who closed the asylums : Franco Basaglia and the revolution in mental health care
The asylum
The offering
The bell jar
A humorous account of a New York City teenager's battle with depression and his time spent in a psychiatric hospital / Library of Congress.
The winter foundlings
Rowan the strange
The use of seclusion and mechanical restraint in psychiatry : a persistent challenge over time
Patients' experiences of psychosis in an inpatient setting
Decarceration : community treatment and the deviant - a radical view
Bad intensions
Training in psychiatry in a non-university clinic : a Satakunta experience
Wolverine weapon X. [vol. 2]: Insane in the brain
Leaving the psychiatric hospital : a new experience in Argentina
Walking stories : an oddnography of mad people's work with culture
The last 40 years has seen a significant shift from state commitment to asylum-based mental health care to a mixed economy of care in a variety of locations. In the wake of this deinstitutionalisation, attention to date has focussed on users and providers of care. The consequences for the idea and fabric of the psychiatric asylum have remained 'stones unturned'. This book address an enduring yet under-examined question: what has become of the asylum? Focussing on the 'recycling' of both the idea of the psychiatric asylum and its sites, buildings and landscapes, this book makes theoretical connections to current trends in mental health care and to ideas in cultural/urban geography. The process of closing asylums and how asylums have survived in specific contexts and markets is assessed and consideration given to the enduring attraction of asylum and its repackaging as well as to retained mental health uses on former asylum sites, new uses on former sites, and interpretations of the derelict psychiatric asylum. The key questions examined are the challenges posed in seeking new uses for former asylums, the extent to which re-use can transcend stigma yet sustain memory and how location is critical in shaping the future of asylum and asylum sites.
The psychiatric ward as a therapeutic community
Suicide among psychiatric inpatients
A survey of plants suitable for a sensual garden dedicated to horticultural therapy in Kuopio, with a working model of the garden
The rehabilitation environment
An evaluative description of changes in a comprehensive psychiatric treatment system
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2012 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2012 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2012
This way madness lies : the asylum and beyond
Healthcare architecture in the Netherlands
Oulun läänin vajaamieliskeskuslaitoksen arkkitehtuurikilpailu  = Architectural competition for the central institution for mentally defective in the Oulu administrative district
The lunatic's curse
Grace Williams Says it Loud
European psychiatry on the eve of war : Aubrey Lewis, the Maudsley Hospital, and the Rockefeller Foundation in the 1930s
Poppy Shakespeare
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
Adolescent psychiatric inpatients with first hospitalization due to anorexia nervosa : can rehospitalization be predicted by clinical features?
Sleeping with Jane Austen
A home for the heart
Summary.
Experiences of international nursing students after training in one mental health hospital in Finland
Sex, religion, and the making of modern madness : the Eberbach asylum and German society, 1815-1849
Occupational group therapy in a psychiatric day care unit for long-term mentally ill patients : ward atmosphere, treatment process, and outcome
The hiding place
The mind's eye : an Inspector Van Veeteren mystery
The insanity of place, the place of insanity : essays on the history of psychiatry
One flew over the cuckoo's nest
Is mental illness – or madness – at root an illness of the body, a disease of the mind, or a sickness of the soul? Should those who suffer from it be secluded from society or integrated more fully into it? This Way Madness Lies explores the meaning of mental illness through the successive incarnations of the institution that defined it: the madhouse, designed to segregate its inmates from society; the lunatic asylum, which intended to restore the reason of sufferers by humane treatment; and the mental hospital, which reduced their conditions to diseases of the brain. Rarely seen photographs and illustrations drawn from the archives of mental institutions in Europe and the U.S. illuminate and reinforce the compelling narrative, while extensive ‘gallery’ sections present revealing and thought-provoking artworks by asylum patients and other artists from each era of the institution and beyond.
It's kind of a funny story
People in white
Arkham asylum : serious house on serious earth
Patients' experiences of being helped in an inpatient setting
Acceptance and Use of Information Technology among Nurses in Psychiatric Hospitals
Girl, interrupted
A criminal feigns insanity and is admitted to a mental hospital where he challenges the autocratic authority of the head nurse.
Madness and civilization : a history of insanity in the age of reason
The storm at the door : a novel
On the history of Finnish psychiatry and the Lapinlahti hospital
Arkham asylum : living hell
The nurse in the psychiatric team : report of a seminar, Noordwijk, 4-15 November 1957.
Bad intentions
The prisoner of Brenda
What she left behind
He who fears the wolf
The bell jar : a novel
On her first day at the Briar Mental Institute, eleven-year-old Grace meets Daniel, an epileptic who can type with his feet. He sees a different Grace: someone to share secrets and canoodle with, someone to fight for. Daniel fills Grace's head with tales from Paris and the world beyond. This is Grace's story: her life, its betrayals and triumphs, disappointment and loss, the taste of freedom; roses, music and tiny scraps of paper. Most of all, it is about the love of a lifetime.
Grace Williams says it loud
Batman. Arkham asylum : a serious house on serious earth
Pastoral care and liberation theology
Asylums : essays on the social situation of mental patients and other inmates
Madness in its place : narratives of Severalls Hospital, 1913-1997
The afterlives of the psychiatric asylum : recycling concepts, sites and memories
Summary: First-contact psychiatric patients.
When the wind of the 1960s blew through the world of psychiatry In 1961, when Franco Basaglia arrived outside the grim walls of the Gorizia asylum, on the Italian border with Yugoslavia, it was a place of horror, a Bedlam for the mentally sick and excluded, redolent of Basaglia's own wartime experience inside a fascist gaol. Patients were frequently restrained for long periods, and therapy was largely a matter of electric and insulin shocks. The corridors stank, and for many of the interned the doors were locked for life. This was a concentration camp, not a hospital. Basaglia, the new Director, was expected to practise all the skills of oppression in which he had been schooled, but he would have none of this. The place had to be closed down by opening it up from the inside, bringing freedom and democracy to the patients, the nurses and the psychiatrists working in that "total institution." Inspired by the writings of authors such as Primo Levi, R.D. Laing, Erving Goffman, Michel Foucault and Frantz Fanon, and the practices of experimental therapeutic communities in the UK, Basaglia's seminal work as a psychiatrist and campaigner in Gorizia, Parma and Trieste fed into and substantially contributed to the national and international movement of 1968. In 1978 a law was passed (the "Basaglia law") which sanctioned the closure of the entire Italian asylum system. The first comprehensive study of this revolutionary approach to mental health care, The Man Who Closed the Asylums is a gripping account of one of the most influential movements in twentieth-century psychiatry, which helped to transform the way we see mental illness. Basaglia's work saved countless people from a miserable existence, and his legacy persists, as an object lesson in the struggle against the brutality and ignorance that the establishment peddles to the public as common sense. From the Hardcover edition.
