http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4824 traits of character
traits of character
Windows of the soul : physiognomy in European culture, 1470-1780
Zero degrees of empathy : a new theory of human cruelty
The fear of freedom
How children succeed : grit, curiosity and the hidden power of character
Human types : essence and the enneagram
Quiet : the power of introverts in a world that can't stop talking
Standing in for Lincoln Green
The wisdom of psychopaths : lessons in life from saints, spies and serial killers
Goodbye to shy : 85 shybusters that work!
The relationship between graphic expansivity and extraversion as a function of some situational factors and personality variable
The two of us
Introvert power : why your inner life is your hidden strength
The correspondence between group and individual in the factor structure of personality trait ratings
As you think
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 1
Think big and kick ass in business and life
Continuity of type A behavior during childhood, preadolescence and adolescence
Human nature and woman's nature in David Hume's thought
Enhancing the quality of learning : dispositions, instruction, and learning processes
Personality traits
On cats
The essential enneagram : the definitive personality test and self-discovery guide
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 7
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 4
I love ponies : a first pony guide
The psychology of character development
The 16 personality types : descriptions for self-discovery
Highly sensitive people in an insensitive world : how to create a happy life
Pictoplasma : characters in motion
Personality traits and psychopathy (PCL-R) in male juvenile delinquents
"Mental toughness is about how effectively individuals respond to stress, pressure and challenge. It is rooted in the notion of resilience but moves beyond this by being highly applicable and measurable. Understanding this concept is essential to improving performance for both the individual and organization, and this ground-breaking book explains mental toughness clearly and effectively. Tracing its development from sports psychology into the world of business, health and education, Developing Mental Toughness was the first book to look at applications at the organizational level and to provide a reliable psychometric measure. The new edition includes greater coverage of how mental toughness relates to other behaviours and can be applied to leadership, creativity, emotional intelligence, and motivation. It also looks at its applications in employability and entrepreneurship, and there will be expanded coverage of coaching for mental toughness. Written for anyone coaching individuals and teams for improved performance, the book contains practical guidance and techniques, exercises, case studies and the Mental Toughness self-assessment tool"--
Individual differences and personality
Aristotelian character education
The Greeks
The complete Idiot's guide to indigo children
The Philosophy and Psychology of Character and Happiness
The French : portrait of a people
The writer's digest sourcebook for building believable characters
Against happiness : in praise of melancholy
Heir and prototype : original and derived characterizations in Faulkner
The author argues that human beings are naturally intolerant of people who express values significantly different from their own. Because of this intolerance, psychologists and psychiatrists sometimes confuse individuality with abnormality and thus over diagnose disorders.
Fictional character is an ontologically ambivalent category — at once a formal construct and a quasi-person — which lies at the heart of the life of textual fictions of all kinds. Character and Person explores that ambivalence by investigating not only the kinds of thing that character is but how it works to engage readers and the range of typologies through which it has been constructed in very different periods, media, and genres. John Frow seeks to explore the ways in which character is person-like, and through that the question of what it means to be a social person. His focus is thus on the interaction between its two major categories, and its method involves a constant play back and forth between them: from philosophical theories of face to an account of the mask in the New Comedy; from an exploration of medieval beliefs about the body's existence in the afterlife to a reading of Dante's Purgatorio; from the history of humoral medicine to the figure of the melancholic in Jacobean drama; and from Proust and Pessoa to cognitive science. What develops from this methodological commitment to fusing the categories of character and person is an extended analysis of the schemata that underpin each of them in their distinct but mutually constitutive spheres of operation.
7 skills that will catapult your career
Psychology of the Korean people : collectivism and individualism
The road to character
The satirist
The Koreans : their mind and behavior
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 5
Evil : inside human violence and cruelty
The anatomy of self : the individual versus society
The hollow doll : a little box of Japanese shocks
Personality and performance in dogs (Canis familiaris)
Character education : a Neo-Aristotelian approach to the philosophy, psychology and education of virtue
In your face : professional improprieties and the art of being conspicuous in sixteenth-century Italy
The varieties of temperament : a psychology of constitutional differences
The crisis of action in nineteenth-century English literature
Sex differences : mental and temperamental
Handbook of moral and character education
The good psychopath's guide to success
Emotion, character, and responsibility
A Piagetian model of character structure
Many teachers want to contribute to children's moral development, but this desire has not always resulted in a profound grasp of what 'moral education' really means, why it would be desirable and how it can best be achieved. This book confronts these questions by examining what Aristotelian virtue ethics can illuminate about moral education. At the same time, it evaluates whether Aristotelian theory can still be useful for contemporary educational practice. The argument culminates in a morally justified and psychologically realistic account of how virtue can best be taught in schools. The approach, called 'character education', sees moral education not as enforcing rules or transferring values in separate subjects. Instead, it encourages teachers - whatever subject they teach - to be a 'morally exemplary teacher', which is revealed through all kinds of small decisions and emotional reactions. This philosophical essay takes a constructive but critical stance towards empirical research about the effectiveness of teaching methods and the realism of character traits.
Splintered : a novel
The use of anonymous characters in Greek tragedy : the shaping of heroes
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 6
The characteristics and behaviour of successful entrepreneurs
The introvert advantage : how to thrive in an extrovert world
The secret language of birthdays : unique personality guides for each day of the year
Continuity of type A behavior during adolescence, young adulthood and adulthood
Character and narration in the short fiction of Saul Bellow
The highly sensitive child : helping our children thrive when the world overwhelms them
The misadventures of awkward black girl
This book is a practical resource for understanding and supporting children with different behavioral styles. The book explains how temperament traits combine to produce behavior and how environment, parenting style, and learning relate to temperament and behavior. Based on the author's research and work with more than 600 clinical cases, the book discusses temperament-related behavior problems that occur at different ages (from infancy through adolescence) and in various settings (home, school, child care, health care, and therapy). It provides specific strategies and techniques to address problematic situations and typical behavior problems that occur at each age and in different environments.
The highly sensitive person : how to thrive when the worlds overwhelms you
Leadership Styles and Traits in the Public Sector : Study in Vaasa Central Hospital
Understanding the Japanese mind
The temperament perspective : working with children's behavioral styles
The triple package : what really determines success
Ukrainian through its living culture : advanced level language textbook
Sibling identity and relationships : sisters and brothers
Three cheers for ostrich!
Raising resilient children : fostering strength, hope, and optimism in your child
The role of achievement and social strategies and of work-life areas in job burnout
Avoiding communication : shyness, reticence, and communication apprehension
Hans and Matilda
Nine types of controller : the role of business controller in the light of the enneagram theory
Character and moral psychology
Quick guide to the 16 personality types in organizations : understanding personality differences in the workplace
Character builders : positive attitudes and peacemaking for primary children : a program to enhance positive attitudes and peacemaking skills pre-school through third grade
Developing mental toughness : coaching strategies to improve performance, resilience and wellbeing
Faces in the crowd : individual studies in character and politics
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 8
Indians and other Americans : two ways of life meet
The psychology of character and virtue
The Italians
"I wrote this book not sure I could follow the road to character, but I wanted at least to know what the road looks like and how other people have trodden it."--David Brooks With the wisdom, humor, curiosity, and sharp insights that have brought millions of readers to his New York Times column and his previous bestsellers, David Brooks has consistently illuminated our daily lives in surprising and original ways. In The Social Animal, he explored the neuroscience of human connection and how we can flourish together. Now, in The Road to Character, he focuses on the deeper values that should inform our lives. Responding to what he calls the culture of the Big Me, which emphasizes external success, Brooks challenges us, and himself, to rebalance the scales between our "resume virtues"--achieving wealth, fame, and status--and our "eulogy virtues," those that exist at the core of our being: kindness, bravery, honesty, or faithfulness, focusing on what kind of relationships we have formed. Looking to some of the world's greatest thinkers and inspiring leaders, Brooks explores how, through internal struggle and a sense of their own limitations, they have built a strong inner character. Labor activist Frances Perkins understood the need to suppress parts of herself so that she could be an instrument in a larger cause. Dwight Eisenhower organized his life not around impulsive self-expression but considered self-restraint. Dorothy Day, a devout Catholic convert and champion of the poor, learned as a young woman the vocabulary of simplicity and surrender. Civil rights pioneers A. Philip Randolph and Bayard Rustin learned reticence and the logic of self-discipline, the need to distrust oneself even while waging a noble crusade. Blending psychology, politics, spirituality, and confessional, The Road to Character provides an opportunity for us to rethink our priorities, and strive to build rich inner lives marked by humility and moral depth. "Joy," David Brooks writes, "is a byproduct experienced by people who are aiming for something else. But it comes." Praise for David Brooks's The Social Animal "Provocative. seeks to do nothing less than revolutionize our notions about how we function and conduct our lives."--The Philadelphia Inquirer "[A] fascinating study of the unconscious mind and its impact on our lives."--The Economist "Compulsively readable. Brooks's considerable achievement comes in his ability to elevate the unseen aspects of private experience into a vigorous and challenging conversation about what we all share."--San Francisco Chronicle "Brooks surveys a stunning amount of research and cleverly connects it to everyday experience. As in [Bobos in Paradise], he shows genius in sketching archetypes and coining phrases."--The Wall Street Journal "Authoritative, impressively learned, and vast in scope."--Newsweek "An enjoyably thought-provoking adventure."--The Boston Globe"--
Notwithstanding : stories from an English village
The Rosie project : a novel
Most advice centers on what to do, or how to do it, and ignores the when of success. But exciting new research proves there is a right time to do just about everything, based on our biology and hormones. As Dr. Michael Breus proves in The power of when, working with your body's inner clock for maximum health, happiness, and productivity is easy, exciting, and fun. The power of when presents a groundbreaking new program for getting back in sync with your natural rhythm by making minor changes to your daily routine. After you've taken Dr. Breus's comprehensive Bio-Time Quiz to figure out your chronotype (are you a Bear, Lion, Dolphin or Wolf?), you'll find out the best time to do over 50 different activities. Featuring a foreword by Mehmet C. Oz, MD, and packed with fascinating facts, fun personality quizzes, and easy-to-follow guidelines, The power of when is the ultimate "lifehack" to help you achieve your goals.
The sensitive self
What's so wrong with being absolutely right? : the dangerous nature of dogmatic belief
The enneagram spectrum of personality styles : an introductory guide
Abstract.
Maladjusted and healthy type A behavior in adolescents
Perfectionism : theory, research, and treatment
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 9
Americans, a collision of histories
As a man thinketh
Character and person
Better than before : mastering the habits of our everyday lives
Impulsivity and compulsivity
The American character
The occurence of socially desirable responding in the valuation of personal values and personality traits
Fire child, water child : how understanding the five types of ADHD can help you improve your child's self-esteem &​ attention
The psychology of character : with a survey of temperament
Narcissistic leaders : who succeeds and who fails
Character and personality types
Notwithstanding : Stories from an English Village
Pathogenic and protective factors of type A behavior
Developing the leader within you
The art of being kind
Are the Japanese really inscrutable?
The Rosie project
The construction of children's character : ninety-sixth yearbook of the National Society for the Study of Education, part 2
Making work work for the highly sensitive person
On the unhappiness of being greek
Hamilton's hats
Individualism & commitment in American life : readings on the themes of Habits of the heart
Kokoro no Katachi : the image of the heart
The normal personality : a new way of thinking about people
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 3
Please understand me II : temperament, character, intelligence
Please understand me. II : Temperament, character intelligence
Born under Saturn : the character and conduct of artists
The power of when : discover your chronotype - and the best time to eat lunch, ask for a raise, have sex, write a novel, take your meds, and more
Fictional character is an ontologically ambivalent category - at once a formal construct and a quasi-person - which lies at the heart of the life of textual fictions of all kinds. Character and Person explores that ambivalence by investigating not only the kinds of thing that character is but how it works to engage readers and the range of typologies through which it has been constructed in very different periods, media, and genres. John Frow seeks to explore the ways in which character is person-like, and through that the question of what it means to be a social person. His focus is thus on the interaction between its two major categories, and its method involves a constant play back and forth between them: from philosophical theories of face to an account of the mask in the New Comedy; from an exploration of medieval beliefs about the body's existence in the afterlife to a reading of Dante's Purgatorio; from the history of humoral medicine to the figure of the melancholic in Jacobean drama; and from Proust and Pessoa to cognitive science. What develops from this methodological commitment to fusing the categories of character and person is an extended analysis of the schemata that underpin each of them in their distinct but mutually constitutive spheres of operation.
"Mental toughness measures how effectively individuals respond to stress, pressure, and challenges. Understanding this concept is essential to improving performance for both the individual and organization, and authors Peter Clough and Doug Strycharczyk explain mental toughness clearly and effectively. This new updated edition includes greater coverage of how mental toughness relates to other behaviors and can be applied to leadership, creativity, emotional intelligence, and motivation. It also looks at applications in employability and entrepreneurship, and expands its coverage of coaching for mental toughness. "--
Born to rebel : birth order, family dynamics, and creative lives
The relationship between graphic expansivity and extraversion as a function of some situational factors and personality variables
Cavalier and Yankee : the Old South and American national character
Unhinged : a novel
The varieties of human physique : an introduction to constitutional psychology
Phenotypic and genetic parameters and responses in temperament of silver fox cubs in a selection experiment for confident behaviour
Understanding shyness : psychological perspectives
Just puppets of a murder game? On the characterization in Agatha Christie's Sparkling cyanide (1945)
Italian vices : nation and character from the Risorgimento to the republic
Highly sensitive individuals are those born with a tendency to notice more in their environment and deeply reflect on everything before acting, as compared to those who notice less and act quickly and impulsively. As a result sensitive people, both children and adults, tend to be empathic, smart, intuitive, creative, careful, and conscientious (they are aware of the effects of a misdeed, and so are less likely to commit one). They are also more easily overwhelmed by "high volume" or large quantities of input arriving at once. They try to avoid this, and thus seem to be shy or timid. When they cannot avoid overstimulation, they seem "easily upset" and too sensitive. Although HSP's notice more, they do not necessarily have better eyes, ears, sense of smell or taste buds(although some do report having at least one sense that is very keen.) Mainly their brains process information more thoroughly. This processing is not just in the brain, however, since HSP children or adults have faster reflexes (a reaction usually from the spnal cord), are more affected by pain, medications, and stimulants, and have more reactive immune systems. In a sense their entire body is designed to detect and understand more precisely whatever comes in. So of course HSP's probably will not like the loud Mariachi band in the mexican restaurant, noisy birthday parties, playing fast paced team sports, or everyone watching while they give an answer in class. But if you need a guitar tuned, a clever idea for party favors, a witty play on words, or to win a game like chess that requires anticipating consequences or noticing subtle differences, your HSP is the one to have around. Lets go farther inside the mind of your HSP. Yes he/she notices more, but he/she may have a "specialty." Some tune in to social cues, mainly noticing moods. Some focus on Relationships... He is so mature for his age. Thinks too much. Her feelings are so easily hurt. She cries
The highly sensitive person : how to thrive when the world overwhelms you
Brothers and sisters : the order of birth in the family
"#1 New York Times bestselling author David Brooks, a controversial and eye-opening look at how our culture has lost sight of the value of humility - defined as the opposite of self-preoccupation - and why only an engaged inner life can yield true meaning and fulfillment"--
Who do you think you are? : explore your many-sided self with The Berkeley Personality Profile
Virtue, valor, & vanity : the Founding Fathers and the pursuit of fame
Dignity and vulnerability : strength and quality of character
The lonely crowd : a study of the changing American character
Now, discover your strengths : how to develop your talents and those of the people you manage
The construction of children's character
The goddess within : a guide to the eternal myths that shape women's lives
Understanding the modern Chinese entrepreneurs : from a cultural and global perspective
Personality disorders and the five-factor model of personality
Emotional capitalists : the new leaders : essential strategies for building your emotional intelligence and leadership success
Beyond twilight : explore the hidden world of th vampires
