http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4823 virtues
virtues
Franklin : the Autobiography and other writings on politics, economics, and virtue
Shades of goodness : gradability, demandingness and the structure of moral theories
Corporal generosity : on giving with Nietzsche, Merleau-Ponty, and Levinas
Deadly sins and saving virtues
Shaftesbury and the deist manifesto
Ethics, faith, and reason
The cardinal virtues in the Middle Ages : a study in moral thought from the fourth to the fourteenth century
Enlightenment for the masses : Confucian education in the manner of Guwen guanzhi
Virtues for the people : aspects of Plutarchan ethics
Thoreau's living ethics : Walden and the pursuit of virtue
The sound of virtue : Philip Sidney's Arcadia and Elizabethan politics
Can we be good without God? : an exploration of behaviour, belonging and the need to believe
Aristotelian character education
Intellect and action : elucidations on Christian theology and the life of faith
Explaining the nature of knowledge, this book presents an account of the author's views on epistemic normativity as a form of performance normativity on two levels. It shows how experience should be understood if it is to figure in the epistemic competence that must be manifest in the truth of any belief apt enough to constitute knowledge.
Virtues of the mind : an inquiry into the nature of virtue and the ethical foundations of knowledge
Making a necessity of virtue : Aristotle and Kant on virtue
The six perfections : an oral teaching
Business ethics and virtue : on Robert C. Solomon's many ways of being ethical
Beyond just war : a virtue ethics approach
Plato on virtue and the law
Virtue in the cave : moral inquiry in Plato's Meno
The meaning of things : applying philosophy to life
Law, virtue and justice
Social justice isn't what you think it is
The virtues project : exploring teachers' conceptions of character education
Adam Smith and the character of virtue
Knowledge, belief, and character : readings in virtue epistemology
Forgiveness and other acts of love
The role of death in the Ladder of Divine Ascent and the greek ascetic tradition
Justice : what's the right thing to do?
Is religious faith consistent with being an intellectually virtuous thinker? In seeking to answer this question, one quickly finds others, each of which has been the focus of recent renewed attention by epistemologists: What is it to be an intellectually virtuous thinker? Must all reasonable belief be grounded in public evidence? Under what circumstances is a person rationally justified in believing something on trust, on the testimony of another, or because of the conclusions drawn by an intellectual authority? Can it be reasonable to hold a belief on a topic over which there is significant, entrenched disagreement among informed inquirers, or should such disagreement lead all parties to modify or suspend their own judgments? Is there anything about faith that exempts it from measurement against such epistemic norms? And if we would so evaluate it, how exactly should we understand the intellectual commitments faith requires? The volume's introduction provides a roadmap of the central issues and controversies as currently discussed by philosophers. In fourteen new essays written to engage nonspecialists as well as philosophers working in religion and epistemology, a diverse and distinguished group of thinkers then consider the place of intellectual virtue in religious faith, exploring one or more of the specific issues noted above.
Virtue ethics and moral education
Divine motivation theory : Linda Trinkaus Zagzebski
The birth of politics : eight Greek and Roman political ideas and why they matter
Knowing full well
The moral virtues and theological ethics
Karen Green and Constant J. Mews, eds., Virtue Ethics for Women 1250 1500.
Aspects of charity : concern for one's neighbour in medieval vita religiosa
Working virtue : virtue ethics and contemporary moral problems
The perspective of morality : philosophical foundations of Thomistic virtue ethics
Oxford studies in normative ethics. Volume 3
The psychology of character and virtue
Virtue, norms, and objectivity : issues in ancient and modern ethics
Franciscan virtue : spiritual growth and the virtues in Franciscan literature and instruction of the thirteenth century
On virtue ethics
The poverty of riches : St. Francis of Assisi reconsidered
Virtues and vices
Personal virtues : introductory essays
Handbook of moral and character education
Character education : a Neo-Aristotelian approach to the philosophy, psychology and education of virtue
Fidelity of heart
The fable of the bees
Moral virtue or mental health?
Descartes : belief, scepticism and virtue
Character and moral psychology
The metaphysics of morals
Reflective knowledge
Moral origins : the evolution of virtue, altruism, and shame
Theophrastus of Eresus commentary volume 6.1 : sources on ethics
Virtue epistemology : essays on epistemic virtue and responsibility
Aristotle's virtues : nature, knowledge & human good
Christians among the virtues : theological conversations with ancient and modern ethics
The heart of religion : spiritual empowerment, benevolence, and the experience of God's love
Virtue ethics : a pluralistic view
Ethics in practice : an anthology
Human character and morality : reflections from the history of ideas
Living philosophy : reflections on life, meaning and morality
The ability to love : a virtue-based approach
A case for character : towards a Lutheran viritue [sic] ethics
Understanding ethics
The virtuous journalist, an updated view : a study in the ethics of journalism
Dependent rational animals : why human beings need the virtues
The book of vices and virtues : a fourteenth century English translation of the Somme le Roi of Lorens d'Orleans
Yakov and the seven thieves
Oxford studies in normative ethics : Volume 1
Culture matters : the leader-follower relationship in the Chinese organizational context
Virtue ethics for women 1250-1500
The elements of moral philosophy
Essays on psychology and morality in economic analysis of law
The Philosophy and Psychology of Character and Happiness
The second-person perspective in Aquinas's ethics : virtues and gifts
The ethics of St. Thomas Aquinas : happiness, natural law and the virtues
The crisis of incivility plaguing today's workplace calls for an approach to communication that restores respect and integrity to interpersonal encounters in organizational life. Professional civility is a communicative virtue that protects and promotes productivity, one's place of employment, and persons with whom we carry out our tasks in the workplace. Drawn from the history of professions as dignified occupations providing valuable contributions to the human community, an understanding of civility as communicative virtue, and MacIntyre's treatment of practices, professional civility supports the «practice» of professions in contemporary organizations. A communicative ethic of professional civility requires attentiveness to the task at hand, support of an organization's mission, and appropriate relationships with others in the workplace. Professional civility fosters communicative habits of the heart that extend beyond the walls of the workplace, encouraging a return to the service ethic that remains an enduring legacy of the professions in the United States.
Professional civility : communicative virtue at work
Isocrates and civic education
Virtue ethics in the Middle Ages : commentaries on Aristotle's Nicomachean ethics, 1200 -1500
Virtue ethics has attracted a lot of attention over the past few decades, and more recently there has been considerable interest in virtue epistemology as an alternative to traditional approaches in that field. Ironically, although virtue epistemology got its inspiration from virtue ethics, this is the first book that brings virtue epistemologists and virtue ethicists together to contribute their particular expertise, and the first that is devoted to the topic of intellectual virtue. All new and right up to date, the papers collected here by Zagzebski and DePaul demonstrate the benefit of each branch of philosophy to the other. Intellectual Virtue will be required reading for anyone working in either field.
Happiness : an examination of a hedonistic and a eudaemonistic concept of happiness and of the relations between them, with a consideration of how far and in what sense either kind of happiness may be said to be the goal of human life
Aristotle and the virtues
Examines the meaning of justice in a variety of situations and asks the reader to morally and politically reflect on each topic.
The illustrated history of knights & the golden age of chivalry : the history, myth and romance of the medieval knight and the chivalric code explored, with over 450 stunning images of castles, quests, battles, tournaments, courts, honours and triumphs
Virtuous liaisons : care, love, sex, and virtue ethics
Virtues and vices and other essays in moral philosophy
"Virtues and vices matter in both ethics and epistemology - it matters whether an agent has moral and intellectual virtues or moral and intellectual vices. In fact, this is the veritable rallying cry of both virtue ethics and virtue epistemology. But do analogies between virtues and vices across these two philosophical fields even succeed? If so, how much do virtues and vices really matter? Are they - or are exemplars - at the foundation of moral and epistemic theory? And if virtues and vices do matter, what exactly are they? Virtue and Vice, Moral and Epistemic presents a series of thought provoking essays that delve deeply into the role of virtue and vice that cut across the fields of ethics and epistemology. Featuring the voices of both virtue ethicists and epistemologists, readings offer competing accounts of the foundation of moral theory while exploring the connections between virtue and emotion, and virtue and contextualism. Other essays analyze universal love, open-mindedness, epistemic malevolence, and epistemic self-indulgence. Written by leading or upcoming figures in ethics and epistemology this book offers provocative insights into the most cutting edge thinking concerning the application of the intellect into virtue theory - an important development in the contemporary analytic tradition"--
Virtues and their vices
Virtue ethics, old and new
Plutarch of Chaeronea, Platonist, polymath, and prolific writer, was by no means an armchair philosopher. He believed in the necessity for a philosopher to affect the lives of his fellow citizens. That urge inspired many of his writings to meet what he considered people's true needs. Although these writings on practical ethics illustrate in various ways Plutarch's authorial talents and raise many challenging questions (regarding their overall structure, content, purpose, and underlying philosophical and social presuppositions), they have attracted only limited scholarly attention. This book contains a collection of essays that deal with these questions from different perspectives and as such throw a new light upon this multifaceted domain of Plutarch's thinking and writing.
Can virtue be taught ?
Education in morality
Lady in the labyrinth : Milton's Comus as initiation
The fellowship of life : virtue ethics and Orthodox Christianity
Sagehood : the contemporary significance of neo-Confucian philosophy
The geometry of desert
Understanding virtue ethics
Wisdom, law, and virtue : essays in Thomistic ethics
Many teachers want to contribute to children's moral development, but this desire has not always resulted in a profound grasp of what 'moral education' really means, why it would be desirable and how it can best be achieved. This book confronts these questions by examining what Aristotelian virtue ethics can illuminate about moral education. At the same time, it evaluates whether Aristotelian theory can still be useful for contemporary educational practice. The argument culminates in a morally justified and psychologically realistic account of how virtue can best be taught in schools. The approach, called 'character education', sees moral education not as enforcing rules or transferring values in separate subjects. Instead, it encourages teachers - whatever subject they teach - to be a 'morally exemplary teacher', which is revealed through all kinds of small decisions and emotional reactions. This philosophical essay takes a constructive but critical stance towards empirical research about the effectiveness of teaching methods and the realism of character traits.
The virtuous pagan in Middle English literature
Religious faith and intellectual virtue
The prudence of love : how possessing the virtue of love benefits the lover
Dialogues on Plato's Politeia (Republic) : selected papers from the ninth Symposium Platonicum
Being a man : the Roman virtus as a contribution to moral philosophy
Some basic issues in Neo-Aristotelian virtue ethics
Facing evil
The virtuous journalist : an updated view : a study in the ethics of journalism
Good & evil actions : a journey through Saint Thomas Aquinas
On the shoulders of hobbits : the road to virtue with Tolkien and Lewis
Happiness and virtue ethics in business : the ultimate value proposition
Deadly vices
Virtutis imago : studies on the conceptualisation and transformation of an ancient ideal
The practice of virtue : classic and contemporary readings in virtue ethics
Education and practice : upholding the integrity of teaching and learning
John Ruskin and the ethics of consumption
Virtue and vice
Augustine and Roman virtue
Virtue ethics
Dying to self and detachment
Intellectual virtues : an essay in regulative epistemology
Putting on virtue : the legacy of the splendid vices
Oxford studies in normative ethics : Volume 2
On the path to virtue : the Stoic doctrine of moral progress and its reception in (middle-)Platonism
Knowing what to do : imagination, virtue, and Platonism in ethics
Faith, hope, love
The concepts of courtliness, chivalry and knighthood in Chrétien de Troyes' and Sir Thomas Malory's Arthuriads : a comparative study
The ways of Aristotle : Aristotelian phronêsis, Aristotelian philosophy of dialogue, and action research
Of thee I sing : a letter to my daughters
Kant's ethics of virtue
Intellectual virtue : perspectives from ethics and epistemology
Virtue and vice, moral and epistemic
Virtue, vice, and value
Interpreting political responsibility : essays 1981-1989
Top workers' virtues and strengths
Theory of virtue : excellence in being for the good
Morality, moral luck, and responsibility : fortune's web
Character ethics and the Old Testament : moral dimensions of Scripture
The virtues of Aristotle
The Cambridge companion to virtue ethics
Exploring ethics : a philosophical inquiry into the education sector of one Finnish city
Virtue and reason in Plato and Aristotle
Hume's morality : feeling and fabrication
Ethics
