http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4832 pocket computers
pocket computers
Personal digital assistants : a case study for the ABB Substation Automation Oy
Mobile devices and the library : handheld tech, handheld reference
As small as a credit card and ultra-affordable, the Raspberry Pi packs plenty of power into a pocket-size computer. But getting the hang of it can be tricky. This guide shows you how to use your Raspberry Pi to work and play, edit photos, watch videos, and even craft your own programs!
Professional iPhone and iPad database application programming
Learning Python with Raspberry Pi
Wireless security essentials : defending mobile systems from data piracy
Ipad for dummies
Linux on the road : Linux with laptops, notebooks, PDAs, mobile phones and other portable devices
iPad secrets : do what you never thought possible with your iPad
Wireless devices end to end
Abstract.
Smartphone operating system concepts with Symbian OS : a tutorial guide
Introductory Programming Ecosystem for Children with Mobile Application
Parenting the touchscreen natives : dilemma with guidelines, content, and context
Communication methods measurement and analysis on PDAs
iPad Application Development For Dummies
Mobile interaction design
Teach yourself visually Raspberry Pi
Masquerader detection in mobile context based on behaviour and environment monitoring
Beginning iPad development for iPhone developers : mastering the iPad SDK
Presents information on computing and programming with Raspberry Pi--
Developing applications on Pocket PC with C#.NET
Abstract: Connecting PDA to embedded systems.
Designing for small screens : mobile phones, smart phones, PDAs, pocket PCs, navigation systems, MP3 players, game consoles
Ways of walking : understanding walking's implications for the design of handheld technology via a humanistic ethnographic approach
The Web designer's guide to iOS apps : create iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad apps with Web standards : HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript
Build mobile websites and apps for smart devices
Piloting palm : the inside story of palm, handspring, and the birth of the billion-dollar handheld industry
Tourism and mobilities : local - global communities
Speech Detector for a Voice Controlled Game
Programming the mobile web
Kindle Fire for dummies
The Motorola MC-70 collects all transport data of Transpoint Oy Ab.
Provides information on creating a variety of applications for the iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad using standard iOS elements.
The increasing use of portable computing and communication devices : overview of the technology and its use
My new iPad : a user's guide
Microsoft.NET compact framework
Instructions and suggestions are offered on the use and function of the Kindle Fire e-reader, a handheld device with similar capabilities of a standard notebook computer.
Raspberry Pi user guide
The iPad & iPad Mini : pocket guide
How to do everythingTM : iPadTM
Maemo : Hildon, Nokia, Smartphone, Internet Tablet, Operating system, Linux kernel, GNOME, Debian, Application framework, Software framework, Graphical user interface
Kicking butt with MIDP and MSA : creating great mobile applications
Programming Mobile Devices : an introduction for practitioners
Professional Symbian programming : mobile solutions on the EPOC platform
Mobile communication in everyday life : ethnographic views, observations and reflections
Beginning iPhone and iPad Web apps : scripting with HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript
iPad 2 : fully loaded
Program development on Pocket PC platform
Beginning Nokia Apps Development
Teach yourself visually iPad
Der i-Kosmos : Macht, Mythos und Magie einer Marke = The i-cosmos : might, myth and magic of a brand
NOOK tablet : the missing manual
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
Animated agent immediacy and news services with handheld computers
Beginning Blackberry 7 development
Teach yourself visually iPad 2
OfxPiMapper : projection mapping tool for the Raspberry Pi
Context aware hand-held devices
XML-aware data synchronization for mobile devices
The iPhone book : how to do the most important, useful & fun stuff with your iPhone
Pocket pc network programming
How do users of PDA's react to an animated human character in online news?
Kindle fire : the missing manual. The book that should have been in the box
Building PDA databases for wireless and mobile development
Programming Pocket PC 2002 with eMbedded Visual C++ 3.0
Handheld usability
Small memory software : patterns for systems with limited memory
Implementation of a voice controlled game on a pocket pc
The Design of Temperature and Humidity Remote Monitoring
QT for Symbian
Raspberry Pi cookbook
iPad in the enterprise : developing and deploying business applications
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
Multitasking-Impact of ICT on learning
Connecting PDA to embedded systems
A practice perspective on organizational implementation of information technology
Programming the Raspberry Pi : getting started with Python
Xbee API Mode Programming and A Sound Detection Application
Taking your Android tablets to the max
iPod touch for dummies
Presents an introduction to the Rasberry Pi computer, describing how to set it up, use the command line, load aplications, organize information with Python, create graphics with Pygame, and program arcade games.
Study of applicetion compatibility on smartphones and PDAs
Java 2 micro edition : professional developer's guide
Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 for dummies
iPad 2 : [the fast and easy way to learn]
Links with the past : reading news from PDA and comparing it to other media
Professional Microsoft® smartphone programming
Learning with mobile and handheld technologies : inside and outside the classroom
REMOTE CONTROLLED CAR HEATER USING A RASPBERRY PI
Evaluation of m-learning system : the role of wireless technology in higher education : a qualitative longitudinal study
Small tech : the culture of digital tools
It seems logical to argue that mobile computing technologies are intended for use “on-the-go.” However, on closer inspection, the use of mobile technologies pose a number of challenges for users who are mobile, particularly moving around on foot. In engaging with such mobile technologies and their envisaged development, we argue that interaction designers must increasingly consider a multitude of perspectives that relate to walking in order to frame design problems appropriately. In this paper, we consider a number of perspectives on walking, and we discuss how these may inspire the design of mobile technologies. Drawing on insights from non-representational theory, we develop a partial vocabulary with which to engage with qualities of pedestrian mobility, and we outline how taking more mindful approaches to walking may enrich and inform the design space of handheld technologies..
Raspberry Pi for dummies
Content strategy for mobile
Learn the Raspberry Pi 3 from the experts! Raspberry Pi User Guide, 4th Edition is the "unofficial official" guide to everything Raspberry Pi 3. Written by the Pi's creator and a leading Pi guru, this book goes straight to the source to bring you the ultimate Raspberry Pi 3 manual. This new fourth edition has been updated to cover the Raspberry Pi 3 board and software, with detailed discussion on its wide array of configurations, languages, and applications. You'll learn how to take full advantage of the mighty Pi's full capabilities, and then expand those capabilities even more with add-on technologies. You'll write productivity and multimedia programs, and learn flexible programming languages that allow you to shape your Raspberry Pi into whatever you want it to be. If you're ready to jump right in, this book gets you started with clear, step-by-step instruction from software installation to system customization. The Raspberry Pi's tremendous popularity has spawned an entire industry of add-ons, parts, hacks, ideas, and inventions. The movement is growing, and pushing the boundaries of possibility along with it&#x;are you ready to be a part of it? This book is your ideal companion for claiming your piece of the Pi. Get all set up with software, and connect to other devices Understand Linux System Admin nomenclature and conventions Write your own programs using Python and Scratch Extend the Pi's capabilities with add-ons like Wi-Fi dongles, a touch screen, and more The credit-card sized Raspberry Pi has become a global phenomenon. Created by the Raspberry Pi Foundation to get kids interested in programming, this tiny computer kick-started a movement of tinkerers, thinkers, experimenters, and inventors. Where will your Raspberry Pi 3 take you? The Raspberry Pi User Guide, 3rd Edition is your ultimate roadmap to discovery. -- ONIX annotation.
"As technology evolves we are ever more reliant on the use of handheld and mobile devices, yet what do we know about their impact on learning? While there is a lot of interest in mobile technology, many schools still aren't sure how to best use it for learning and teaching. Learning with Handhelds and Mobiles explores this landscape and offers examples of how these technologies have been used for learning, how the problems that have arisen are being addressed, and offers ideas for the future. This invaluable book gives a voice to teachers and educators using mobiles and technology-enhanced learning in and out of schools, for regular school work and for innovative projects through exciting partnerships like Apps for Good.Learning with Handhelds and Mobiles shows the changes that are taking place within schools as a direct result of these emerging technologies, and contains case studies with accounts of best practice in a variety of settings including primary, secondary, and special schools, and learning beyond their boundaries. The book also explores themes of pedagogy, communication and affordances, collaborative learning, individual creativity and expression, self-directed and informal learning and outdoor education.The learning potential of handheld and mobile devices has excited teachers and educators, but until now there has been no structured, systematic overview available along with reflections on how this technology is changing educational practice. This book brings these together to provide a clearer picture of what is currently a fragmented area, and offers expert views of how we can understand these, and where it may take us next"--
Developing a web based archiving application using mobile multimedia
Effects of navigational experience on adoption of personal digital assistants by consumers
Living with the media : analysing talk about information and communication technology
IPad : the missing manual
Advanced iOS 4 programming : developing mobile applications for Apple iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch
Learning Wireless Java
Developing a framework for speech synthesis on mobile handhelds
Laptops and mobile devices made easy
Palm programming : the developer's guide
