http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4833 portable computers
portable computers
Mobile device security : a comprehensive guide to securing your information in a moving world
Being multisituated : characterizing laptoping in networked situations
Internationalisation in operating systems for handheld devices
Handbook of mobile learning
iPad : the missing manual
Embedding Voice over IP in a mobile device
The increasing use of portable computing and communication devices : overview of the technology and its use
"Preface Amazingly, I grew up in the country and we never locked the doors to our house, or our cars. In school, no one broke into someone else's car or locker. If you put something down, you could pretty much rely on it being there when you got back. Family entered without knocking, and non-family never tried. This is no longer the case. Now, even though my house and car are locked, the virtual windows to my life, as well as a basement door I didn't even know existed, are open and under attack thanks to the internet. Now the situation is reversed. Family needs to knock several times before using the secret handshake thingy, and strangers enter anonymously and unannounced into my whatever. Security is something I wish I could do without. The business of building cool things as fast as possible without regard to consequence of theft is far more interesting. Out of necessity, security became a priority. What follows is some of what I've learned along the way. If any of these bits and bytes end up helping to protect you, then I win. I hope you enjoy the book. "--
Wireless security and privacy : best practices and design techniques
Troubleshooting & maintaining your PC all-in-one for dummies
iPad Air
Android wireless application development : volume 2: advanced topics
How to do everything : MacBook
Capacitive antenna sensor for user proximity recognition
Computer basics in simple steps
Laptops in easy steps : covers Windows 7
Principles of context-aware systems
Different backgrounds – different priorities? : student perceptions of a technology initiative
Laptops for dummies
MacBook Pro : portable genius
Linux on the road : Linux with laptops, notebooks, PDAs, mobile phones and other portable devices
Laptops all-in-one desk reference for dummies
Getting startED with netbooks
Students' level of interest and opinions on a possibility of acquiring a school provided personal laptop : Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management
Netbook basics
XML-aware data synchronization for mobile devices
Microsoft.NET compact framework
Advanced iOS 4 programming : developing mobile applications for Apple iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch
The added pedagogical value of using laptops in computer-supported collaborative learning on a wireless campus
The unauthorized guide to iPhone, iPad, and iPod repair : a DIY guide to extending the life of your iDevices!
Developing a good laptop : - Case Lenovo
Global mobile : connecting without walls, wires or borders
Mobile Python : rapid prototyping of applications on the mobile platform
Laptop computers and wireless university campus networks : is flexibility and effectiveness improved?
NOOK tablet : the missing manual
Laptops simplified
Handheld usability
Pervasive computing handbook
Laptop basics Windows 7 version in simple steps
T3 : toys for the boys
Laptop basics Microsoft Windows 7 version
SWS02Suunto : Suunto water sports - 2002
Evolving ICT market and technologies in globalizing ubiquitous society
My Google Chromebook
Pervasive computing : 6th international conference, Pervasive 2008, Sydney, Australia, May 19-22, 2008 : proceedings
Beginning iOS 5 Application Development
Domestication of a laptop on a wireless university campus : a case study
Laptops all-in-one desk reference for dummies(r)
Kindle fire : the missing manual. The book that should have been in the box
STUDENTS’ LEVEL OF INTEREST AND OPINIONS ON A POSSIBILITY OF ACQUIRING A SCHOOL PROVIDED PERSONAL LAPTOP. : Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management
Internet security made easy
Laptops and mobile devices made easy
My smartphone and other digital accessories
The unauthorized guide to Pocket PC
Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 for dummies
Secure development for mobile apps : how to design and code secure mobile applications with PHP and JavaScript
e-shock 2020 : how the digital technology revolution is changing business and all our lives
Character design for mobile devices : mobile games, sprites, and pixel art
Provides information on building data-centric applications for the iPhone and the iPad, covering such topics as SQLite, TableView, core data, XCode, schema migration, Cocoa, XML, and Web services.
Abstract.
How to do everythingTM : iPadTM
Laptop basics in simple steps
Professional Microsoft® smartphone programming
Laptops and literacy : learning in the wireless classroom
Laptop music : create, record, perform, or just listen to, music on your laptop computer
The ice factor
Professional iPhone and iPad database application programming
MacBook portable genius
MacBook for dummies
Professional iPhone and iPad application development
Professional Symbian programming : mobile solutions on the EPOC platform
Laptop basics for over 50s in simple steps
IPad : the missing manual
IT essentials : PC hardware and software companion guide
Conceptualising personal and mobile learning environments in higher education : focus on students' perspective
Laptops for the older and wiser : get up and running on your laptop computer
Collection Neoriginals : leather accessory design for Karhu Originals
