http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4834 mobile devices
mobile devices wireless devices
Mobile phone testing in 2G and 3G networks
Fundamentals of digital video broadcasting for handheld devices
On the exploration of mobile technology acceptance among law enforcement officers using structural equation modelling (SEM) : a multi-group analysis of the Finnish police force
Analysis of utilizing mobile devices in enterprise resource planning
Development of generic test platform for memory testing
Revenue Models of Mobile Health Applications : Free-to-play applications
Professional iPhone and iPad database application programming
Evaluating IP security on lightweight hardware
How to unplug : get off your gadgets and start enjoying real life
The development and use of patient location application
The iPhone represents an important moment in both the short history of mobile media and the long history of cultural technologies. Like the Walkman of the 1980s, it marks a juncture in which notions about identity, individualism, lifestyle and sociality require rearticulation. this book explores not only the iPhone's particular characteristics, uses and "affects," but also how the "iPhone moment" functions as a barometer for broader patterns of change. In the iPhone moment, this study considers the convergent trajectories in the evolution of digital and mobile culture, and their implications for future scholarship. Through the lens of the iPhone--as a symbol, culture and a set of material practices around contemporary convergent mobile media--the essays collected here explore the most productive theoretical and methodological approaches for grasping media practice, consumer culture and networked communication in the twenty-first century.
Mobile devices have become extremely popular during the past few years. They are used widely in business and everyday life by the young and the elderly. As the mobile devices and their operating systems have developed, the manufacturers have made it possible also for everyday users to create their own applications using specific Software Development Kits. For that reason, it is now common that applications are created not only by third party companies but also by everyone interested in the matter. The mobile business has come to a point where there are a few big companies responsible for developing the operating systems used by most hardware manufacturers. Of all the operating systems, there are two which have grown their market share during the past few years: Apple's iOS and Google's Android. The purpose of this thesis was to compare the two, finding out how easy they are to take into use, and to develop and publish applications with. The study was carried out as an empirical research. The research was made on both operating systems and the SDKs. Based on that knowledge, applications were created and published for both systems. The basic outline of the study was installing and working with both SDKs, developing and publishing applications using the SDKs, and estimating the costs of installing development kits in an educational environment. The objectives of this study were achieved as planned: both SDKs were successfully installed, four applications were created altogether, an estimation of costs was made and overall experience of both systems was gained.
Comparative study of China Mobile Multimedia Broadcasting and DVB-H systems
BlackBerry Pearl 3G for dummies
Mobile money transfer: A focus on the impact and usage
Purpose – The purpose of this paper is to examine the barriers associated with the adoption and use  of mobile sales force automation (SFA) systems from a salesperson's perspective.  Design/methodology/approach – A qualitative investigation of two business-to-business  companies was conducted. Data collected from ten semi-structured interviews with directors or sales  managers were analyzed to understand the main barriers to SFA system adoption.  Findings – The study confirms the existence of three barriers (customer knowledge, quality of  information and the characteristics of mobile devices) to a mobile SFA system use and identifies two  additional barriers: lack of time and optimization issues.  Research limitations/implications – The explorative nature of the study and the qualitative  method employed limit the generalizability of the results. The propositions could be further validated  and tested with a wider population.  Practical implications – Organizations wishing to speed the adoption of a mobile SFA system  should evaluate the importance and significance of the five identified barriers to adoption, and plan how  to overcome them. It is important for the providers of the mobile SFA systems to focus on developing  systems that can exploit the different characteristics of each channel and, in parallel, overcome the  inherent limitations of any single channel. The content of an SFA system should be customizable for  each type of mobile device.  Originality/value – Ever increasing mobility has led to a rise in the use of smartphones and tablet  PCs (tablets) in business and the consequent growth in the use of SFA systems. Although SFA systems  have been studied for roughly 30 years, little is known of the impact of newly developed mobile devices  on sales management and sales personnel.
iPad for seniors for dummies
The analysis of BlueCheese mobile peer-to-peer middleware
Mobile games and their user psychological challenges
Design and implementation of food management system on Android platform with QR code support
Opportunities and challenges of touch interfaces : Analysing mobile usability with heuristic evaluation
Implementing operator complementary packages for customized mobile terminals
THE DEVELOPMENT AND USE OF PATIENT LOCATION APPLICATION
My iPhone
They call it “surfing” for a reason : identifying mobile Internet needs through PC deprivation
Mobile first as a best practice in web design
New Technology Productization in Mobile Devices from End-User's View
Android NDK beginner's guide : discover the native side of Android and inject the power of C/C++ in your applications
Managing mobile services : technologies and business practices
Study Time - An Android Based Mobile Learning Application
End-user experiences and perspectives : HoviMestari
Barriers to the use of mobile  sales force automation system : a salesperson's perspective
The handheld library : mobile technology and the librarian
Travel connections : tourism, technology, and togetherness in a mobile world
Information delivery in mobile peer-to-peer networks
ShareBox: an Android-based multi-user and multi-device file syncing application
Taking your iPad to the max : iOS 5 edition
Information literacy beyond Library 2.0
Influence of cultural difference on mobile user experience : a case study of the Nokia phone in Japanese mobile culture
Mobile Augmented Reality Supporting Marketing Strategies : using mobile's augmented reality-based marketing applications to promote products and services to end customers
Locawe : a novel platform for location-aware multimedia services
Compare multimedia frameworks in mobile platforms
Mapping urban practices through mobile phone data
Location-based web search and mobile applications
This paper is about results of the first stage of a field trial that aims to evaluate end-user practices with HoviMestari,  one of the systems that intends to support independent living of disabled and elderly people. The field trial has been  launched in the Raahe District of Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland, in the beginning of 2014 and continues. 16 services  were selected by a group of 20 test users for a field trial and tested. Average age of test users is above 65 and the group  consists of retired and pre-retired people, where 5 of them are formal care-givers. In the paper a description of  gathered end-user attitudes towards services provisioned with the help of the HoviMestari system as well as discovered  during the field trial future perspectives of a multi-service environment are presented.
Architectural Solutions for Mobile RFID Services on Internet of Things
Learning iPad programming : a hands-on guide to building iPad apps
Internal logistics as a part of supply chain : case : Nokia-China, Dongguang Branch
Windows Phone 7 plain & simple : your easy, colorful, see-how guide to Windows Phone 7!
The purpose of the thesis was to find out what parameters have an effect on the efficiency of the wireless charging based on the Qi standard from the Wireless Power Consortium. Based on these findings, it was pondered what things needs be taken into account in terms of the efficiency when wireless charging is integrated in to a mobile device. The study consisted of getting acquainted with the electromagnetic induction, the Qi standard and other important topics that are part of every wireless power transfer system. Measurements with different materials and with varying mobile device positions on the wireless charging pad were also done. The coupling factor which depends on the alignment of the coils is a key factor for good efficiency. An inferior coupling can still be slightly compensated by making the power receiver better with high quality factor coils. Shielding the mobile device properly to ensure high efficiency power transfer with every power transmitter design in the Qi standard is also important. The measurements provided data on how the efficiency changes when the alignment of the coils becomes worse. The ferrite sheet measurements also provided possible solutions worth considering for future projects.
LocaweRoute : an advanced route history visualization for mobile devices
Design and implementation of a portable IMS enabled DVB-H transmitter
The use of web technologies and mobile devices to improve the shopping experience
Developing Online Promotion Mix For Mobile Application
Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) Technology in Marketing Communication
Estimation of energy detection thresholds and error probability for amplitude-modulated short-range communication radios
Samsung Galaxy tabs for dummies
Automated testing of mobile devices
Abstract: Automated testing of mobile devices.
Android ECG Application Development
HTML5 mobile development cookbook
Coverage includes: Navigation, Alerts & Action Sheets & Modal Views, Custom Table Views, The Split View, Touch Events, Notification Processing, Networking Concepts, Multimedia, Application Preferences, Data Storage, The Pasteboard, Unit Testing, Performance Tuning and Optimization, 	Integrating iAds, Multitasking.
Mobile learning and the playing child
Reflecting on the PRET : a rapporter framework via a field study of adolescents' perceptions of technology and exercise
Professional cross-platform mobile development in C#
Webshop Optimization for Mobile Devices
Wearable system used for rehabilitation evaluation and current simulation assist-treatment for the stroke patients
How to do everything : iPhone 4S
Late modern subjects of colonial occupation : mobile phones and the rise of neoliberalism in Palestine
Professional iPhone and iPad application development
Book alone is not enough : enriching printed learning material with  digital mobile technology
Loss-free handovers in DVB-H network
Introductory Programming Ecosystem for Children with Mobile Application
The design of a portable ECG detector
Windows Phone 7 application development for dummies
Designing an interface concept of an online music store for modern mobile devices : Case Poimuri
Carrying Solutions for Mobile Devices  : Concept Design
Android as a platform for database application development case : Winha mobile
iPad fully loaded
Ontology of technology : mobile technology in the Kathmandu valley
Building mobile applications with Java
Consumer trends and trends delivery process for Nokia.Mobi
the platform. Possibilities for integrating the DVB-H transmitter platform to an IMS network are then discussed and analyzed with one approach selected for imple- mentation. The new implementation is used to help study new forms of combinatory services and to analyze what benefits could be derived from combining these technologies from the broadcast and telecommunications industries. New novel usage scenarios are presented e.g. enabling a call to broadcast type service where an IMS enabled mobile phone user could make an IMS call direct to the DVB-H transmitter which would broadcast the multimedia content live to DVB-H receivers. Further possibilities for deepening the integration and studying new service types are suggested.
User interface design for iOS camera application : project: designing gif video camera application
Samsung Galaxy tablet in easy steps : : for tab 2 and tab 3
Java and android application development for dummies : ebook set
Mobile graphics testing
Middleware for mobile sensing applications in urban environments
Chinese text entry with mobile devices
Optimization of the Java mobile application
Wireless Virtual Joystick
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
Masquerader detection in mobile context based on behaviour and environment monitoring
Alternatives to map-based pedestrian navigation with location-aware mobile devices
Creating art with mobile phones in public spaces is an emerging form of artistic expression. This dissertation investigates the design of mobile art applications for creating and sharing interactive art experiences in public spaces. It explores new ways of deploying mobile and ubiquitous computing for art making that fosters creativity and community. This is done by developing a series of novel prototype applications, with a focus on multimodal interfaces, that are put into use in authentic environments for validation by real people. The results of this research inform future design of new forms of artistic and social activity that may eventually become everyday actions of creative expression and exploration.
iPad all-in-one for dummies
On applicable cellular positioning for UMTS
iPad 2 : fully loaded
DEVELOPING A MOBILE SITE USING KOODIVIIDAKKO CONTENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM TOOL – SIVUVIIDAKKO
Next generation mobile communications ecosystem : technology management for mobile communications
Portable device user documentation : printed, online and embedded assistance
Making android accessories with IOIO
This work was done in a company named TactoTek, which is specialized in embedding electronic components into 3D molded plastic. The technology allows curved touch interfaces produced cost efficiently by integrating infrared transmitters and receivers into molded plastic. How to design an optical touch application that runs on a microcontroller of limited power and processing resources providing touch functionality that meets today’s standards. The basic concepts of infrared detection and the frustrated total internal reflection (FTIR) phenomenon are gone through. The SW and HW architecture, signal processing and algorithms are described at high level. A prototype device was developed with PC connectivity in order to read the runtime data to be displayed in the signal monitoring application and to feed the algorithm on computer. A simulator SW was developed to explore different kinds of methods for calculating touch points. The best algorithm candidate was integrated in a microcontroller providing digital interface for host device communication. The prototype’s performance and accuracy was evaluated by using a robot tester and other manual measurement methods. In the end the prototype device was integrated in a cell phone with a rebuilt mechanics.The developed touch application has an accurate multi touch functionality and allows input to be given with gloved hands. In addition, a touch size, shape and relative pressure are calculated. This study proves that this technology has potential and it can compete with the existing technologies providing a good performance, accuracy and a multi-touch functionality. The challenge in the technology is the activation sensitivity compared to the capacitive, which does not need a physical contact for a touch activation. On the other hand the FTIR panel provides a more natural and secure input method for applications where unintentional touches should be avoided. This could be advantageous in consumer applications where usually buttons and switches have been used, for example household and automotive applications. In order to achieve an optimal solution, more studies are needed in the material, hardware and signal processing.
Update of Giga-Vamos : technology roadmap
Professional mobile web development with WordPress, Joomla! and Drupal
XML messaging for mobile devices
Carrying Solutions for Mobile Devices : Concept Design
Viability of artificial neural networks in mobile healthcare
Coming up with this topic for the bachelor’s thesis was my own idea. However, my lecturer gave me the idea to use the current UbiPIll application and find out if anything else could be added to the application. The main aim of this thesis was to enable one to be familiar with smart phones that use Android and Google maps. In addition, it aimed at enabling one to be able to implement a computer application that can run on a real smart phone that uses Android platform. In order to achieve this, it was necessary to develop a Patient Location mobile application system. The application will be part of the Ubipill project and aimed at assisting the patients to take their medication on time especially the elderly patients. In addition, it had to assist nurses to be able to monitor their patients regularly more easily and effectively. Conducting this study involved a number of methods, materials and devices such as a computer, modem and a printer. The most fundamental one was the online reading materials that assisted in getting to know more about the UbiPill project. In the current world, mobile phones have become very important and vital devices that play major roles in the day-to-day life of human beings. This not only for the fact that they are very useful devices when it comes to communication but for the reason that they come with more and more interesting features with the advancing technology. People are changing towards making use of smart phones because they are able to assist them in doing many different things that an ordinary phone is not capable of doing. Among the things that people do with mobile phones is gaming, finding directions and remind patients to take their medication, which the basis of this research. Mobile phone manufactures have preinstalled games into the mobile phones and Google map application that assist people in finding the directions of a place.Since the development of mobile smart phones and its popularity, the integration of a computer application into a mobile application has been on the rise. These applications are developed to run on the Android mobile phone platform. This is for the fact that Android platform dominates the market of smart phones. The idea behind the application is that some patients forget to take their medication on time or even the caretakers forget to give medication to their patients. The application makes use of notifications to remind the nurses to give medication to their patients and gives them the direction to the exact location of their patients. Nevertheless, there are still possible future improvements that can be done on the application apart from the patient location. One such improvement is making the application to have the capabilities to show the exact correct medication dosage for a particular drug. The result of the study is a working application, which makes use of mobile phones to find the location of a patient that has not taken medication.
"My SocioWorld" : an optimized application for mobile social networking
Blackboard-based software framework and tool for mobile device context awareness
Ways of walking : understanding walking's implications for the design of handheld technology via a humanistic ethnographic approach
Building mobile applications without coding
BlackBerry for work : productivity for professionals
Metaphors for the Mobile Internet
Dependability aspects in the development and provision of location-based services
Third generation mobile technology and its evolution towards fourth generation
Instagram filters : visual appearance, historical connections and cultural phenomena behind their popularity
Batteries for portable devices
Spectrum and energy efficient solutions for OFDMA collaborative wireless networks
IMPLEMENT CHINESE TO ERP FRAMEWORK
WIRECOM : wireless communication devices and human health : national research programme into the health effects of mobile phones : final report
Software development for mobile devices: iPhone OS vs. Maemo
GPRS mobile station and itse security aspects
Implementing a lecture feedback system using semi-ad-hoc wireless networks
On-board credentials : an open credential platform for mobile devices
Tangible information technology for a better ageing society : proceedings of the Confidence 2010 International Conference: Open doors to ICT for ageing and eInclusion, 9-10 December 2010 Jyväskylä, Finland
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
Teaching generation text : using cell phones to enhance learning
Analysis of user trends and behavior in online and mobile weather and climate services
Beginning iPadTM Application Development
FTIR touch panel for a mobile device : architecture and prototype evaluation
Wireless charging integration for mobile devices
Comparing Google's Android and Apple's iOS Mobile Software Development Environments
End user context in analyzing mobile device and service usage
Beginning Windows Phone 7 application development : building Windows Phone applications using Silverlight and XNA
Empowering mobile art practice : a recontextualization of mobile and ubiquitous computing
Handbook of position location : theory, practice and advances
Quasi-static scheduling for fine-grained embedded multiprocessing
Developing a pricing tool for Flander Oy
Studying mobile media
Context modeling and utilization in heterogeneous networks
Cityguide : mobile services for tourists
IOS 5 development unleashed : developing mobile applications for Apple Iphone, Ipad, and Ipod Touch
Master mobile web apps with jquery mobile
Movement tracking of sports team players with wireless sensor network
FTIR TOUCH PANEL FOR A MOBILE DEVICE : Architecture and prototype evaluation
The factors affecting the use of contactless payments
The mobile revolution : the making of mobile services worldwide
Abstract: Carrying Solutions for Mobile Devices – Concept Design. With Golla Oy Ltd. as a client, the aim of this work was to create design concepts based on intelligent materials with respect to creating solutions for mobile devices, especially phones. Intelligent or smart materials have found their way to several areas of life, but not yet to bags and covers that protect portable electronics. The technological gap between the devices and their carrying solutions is vast. New ideas are needed to bring them closer together and somehow make them interact.  A competitor review was made in order to find out to what extent Golla's competitors are using smart materials and technologies today. Literary research and summary on smart materials were conducted, and the materials found acted as an inspiration for creating concept ideas, in other words the essence of this thesis. The most prominent ideas are presented in this work. 3D modeling was used to visualize two concept ideas. No further product design was made as the work was agreed to be made on concept level only.  About a dozen concept ideas were visualized and presented to the client. The concepts will help Golla in evaluating their product strategy and creating alternative development scenarios for the future. The competitor and material review will help Golla in positioning itself in the market. Furthermore, it will further provide information and ideas on intelligent materials that could have a potential to increase Golla's competitiveness.  With a relatively small investment, some working prototypes could be developed for demonstrating intelligent materials' potential for the customers during marketing events. This could help Golla add its brand value and profile itself as a pioneer of functional mobile bags and a visionaire of future products.
Google app inventor for Android
A Photo Sharing Application for Android Mobile Device
Explaining users' critical incidents of physical mobile interactions
iPad for dummies
Applying responsive web design in a small business - case: Satakunnankadun sauna
Android tablets for dummies
Digital video distribution in broadband, television, mobile and converged networks : trend, challenges and solutions
Applying test-driven development methodology concepts on BeatAx mobile applications
Web on-the-go : a preview of the way of living in a wireless web world
LTE for 4G mobile broadband : air interface technologies and performance
Testing modern data transfer technologies in mobile devices
Professional Mobile Web Development with WordPress, Joomla! and Drupal
Efficient Speaker Recognition for Mobile Devices
The iPhone book : how to do the most important, useful & fun stuff with your iPhone
Quality of the Quiet Zone in New Type of MIMO OTA Anechoic Chamber
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
Impedance matching and tuning of non-resonant mobile terminal antennas
Android application development for Java programmers
Mobile solutions and the construction industry : is it a working combination?
Comparison of audio codecs in mobile environment
Advanced Data Extraction Infrastructure for mobile devices : Mobile user interface and gesture support
Packs six minibooks in one full-color guide: iPad Basics, Just for Fun, iPad on the Go, Getting Productive with iWork, Using iPad to Get Organized, and Must-Have iPad Apps. Covers the newest iPad features, functions, and capabilities, including the stunning retina display, voice dictation, the enhanced iSight camera, HD video recording in full 1080p.
Windows phone 7 programming for Android and iOS developers
Enterprise Service Book Application for Multiple Mobile Platforms
Creating polls on mobile devices
Mobile in-application purchasing : a consumer perspective
Context aware hand-held devices
Creating context as you go
Evaluation of machine learning classifiers for mobile network intrusion detection systems
Enhanced radio access technologies for next generation mobile communication
Laptop basics in simple steps
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
Actual and potential pedagogical use of tablets in schools
It seems logical to argue that mobile computing technologies are intended for use “on-the-go.” However, on closer inspection, the use of mobile technologies pose a number of challenges for users who are mobile, particularly moving around on foot. In engaging with such mobile technologies and their envisaged development, we argue that interaction designers must increasingly consider a multitude of perspectives that relate to walking in order to frame design problems appropriately. In this paper, we consider a number of perspectives on walking, and we discuss how these may inspire the design of mobile technologies. Drawing on insights from non-representational theory, we develop a partial vocabulary with which to engage with qualities of pedestrian mobility, and we outline how taking more mindful approaches to walking may enrich and inform the design space of handheld technologies..
Comparing Google’s Android and Apple’s iOS Mobile Software Development Environments
Evolution of 3G networks : the concept, architecture and realization of mobile networks beyond UMTS
Mobility management in heterogeneous IP-networks
Pervasive and mobile sensing and computing for healthcare : technological and social issues
Digital TV: fixed and mobile systems
