http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4837 study environment
study environment
Changing spaces of education : new perspectives on the nature of learning
Turku today : lively student city surrounded by beautiful archipelago
Supporting meaningful chemistry learning and higher-order thinking through computer-assisted inquiry : a design research approach
Assessing open and distance learners
Campus traditions : folklore from the old-time college to the modern mega-university
Learning English in a virtual classroom : aspects of communication and interaction
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology in education field
Service design thinking in higher education : applying methods of service design and principles of non-formal education to raise the level of competitiveness of Russian university
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Teaching nursing : developing a student-centered learning environment
Stressful, important and rewarding : How higher education students experience learning in different environments
Dimensions of university student learning in medicine and pharmacy
Actor-network theory in education
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
Good learning environment / perceptions of good quality in comprehensive schools by pupils, parents and teachers
Porvoo and the whole region of Itä-Uusimaa is constantly growing and becoming a more and more important factor in the metropolitan area. To meet future demands a new campus is going to be built in Porvoo in 2010. The planning work is being done in co-operation with the city of Porvoo, two universities of applied sciences, i.e. Laurea and HAAGA-HELIA, and Posintra, a regional development company. The aim of the thesis was to find out what expectations international students had on the new campus. Data were collected by means of questionnaires consisting of relevant questions. The questionnaire included open questions and the students could freely respond and express their own thoughts. The theoretical framework of the thesis comprises three main fields: Itä-Uusimaa as a region, campuses in general and HAAGA-HELIA from the international viewpoint. The region was described and a swot analysis was made of it. Campuses in general were discussed and some examples on both domestic and international campuses were presented. There is also information on HAAGA-HELIA and its international activities. The questionnaire was handed to the first, second and third year international students who study at HAAGA-HELIA Porvoo. The third year students were not that eager to answer the questionnaire. The reason to that was that they are about to graduate and will therefore not study at HAAGA-HELIA in 2010. After analysing the answers from the respondents it was clear that the students wanted the New Porvoo Campus 2010 to be big enough, with a bigger library, bigger cafeteria with a larger number of seats, and with dormitories within the area of the new campus. When asked about the free time activities and hobbies most of the respondents wanted to find a gym and also space to practice different sports like football and basketball.
Design of a virtual learning environment for students with special needs
The classroom : encounter and engagement
Learning spaces : creating opportunities for knowledge creation in academic life
Porvoo Campus and the international students' expectations
Outdoor education : methods and strategies
Radical pedagogy : identity, generativity, and social transformation
Universal design : a practical guide to creating and recreating interiors of academic libraries for teaching, learning and research
Eurostudent report 2005 : social and economic conditions of student life in Europe 2005 : synopsis of indicatiors for Austria, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Portugal, Spain, The Netherlands and United Kingdom (England and Wales)
This study investigated how the use of an online reading game differs in home and school environments. First and second graders (N = 194) participated in an 8-week training during which they used the reading program GraphoGame either at home or at school under the supervision of parents or teachers. Child participants were recommended by parents and teachers recruited from the list of GraphoGame users, and adults decided whether the training took place at home or at school. We measured the frequency and duration of playing, children's engagement, development of reading skill and reading interest, and adult supportive involvement. The results revealed that children who played GraphoGame at school showed higher engagement and used it more frequently than players at home. Although teachers were more involved in the children's playing than were parents, only parental involvement was significantly associated with a child's engagement during training and the child's learning outcomes.
Works and thoughts
Interest in university studies : its role and relation to other motivational variables
ICT in Chilean schools : students' and teachers' access to and use of ICT
Education in 3D virtual learning environment : case Virtual-Mustiala
Campus futurus:perspectives on learning and technology
Designing culture : the technological imagination at work
Abstract: A teacher as an improver of overall well-being in school : how teacher in upper secondary education regulate their dialogue and authenticity.
Learning futures : education, technology and social change
Coding, once considered an arcane craft practiced by solitary techies, is now recognized by educators and theorists as a crucial skill, even a new literacy, for all children. Programming is often promoted in K-12 schools as a way to encourage "computational thinking" -- which has now become the umbrella term for understanding what computer science has to contribute to reasoning and communicating in an ever-increasingly digital world. In Connected Code, Yasmin Kafai and Quinn Burke argue that although computational thinking represents an excellent starting point, the broader conception of "computational participation" better captures the twenty-first-century reality. Computational participation moves beyond the individual to focus on wider social networks and a DIY culture of digital "making." Kafai and Burke describe contemporary examples of computational participation: students who code not for the sake of coding but to create games, stories, and animations to share; the emergence of youth programming communities; the practices and ethical challenges of remixing (rather than starting from scratch); and the move beyond stationary screens to programmable toys, tools, and textiles.
Environmental education at university level : trends and data
Environments that support learning : an introduction to the learning environments approach
First-year theology students' preferred teaching-learning environments, academic self-concepts and their interplay
International handbook of distance education
Appraisals of education-related goals during educational transitions in late adolescence : consequences for academic well-being and goal attainment
Effects of authentic learning and e-learning in an introductory chemistry laboratory course
This book introduces readers to new and emergent forms of learning spaces that need to be (re) captured in a academic life. It suggests that the ability to have or to find space in academic life seems to be increasingly difficult since we seem to be consumed by teaching and bidding, overwhelmed by emails and underwhelmed by long arduous meetings. Space for reflecting, thinking and writing are seen as important for the development of academe and the positioning of the academic self within it; yet currently there seems to a lack of realisation that we are losing ground because we are losing space.
Ubiquitous and mobile learning in the digital age
Creating effective teaching and learning environments : first results from TALIS
Is school a better environment than home for digital game-based learning? : the case of Graphogame
Empowering science and mathematics education in urban schools
CNA laboratory enrichment by virtualization
Benchmarking e-learning in higher education : lessons learned from international projects
Jyväskylän yliopiston vuosi 2015 = University of Jyväskylä 2015
This edited volume includes the most up to date, expanded, and peer reviewed papers from the 2011 CELDA Conference, focusing on the conference theme: Ubiquitous and Mobile Informal and Formal Learning in thr Digital Age. The contributions are aggressively interdisciplinary and cover such timely topics as social web technologies, virtual worlds and games, and location-based and context-aware learning environments. Informal and formal learning settings are explored and a myriad of concrete examples provided to assit the reader in developing curricula, programs, and courses on the topic.
Emerging Strategies for Supporting Student Learning : A practical guide for librarians and educators
Developing online learning environments in nursing education
Towards immersive user-friendly future  learning spaces in education
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology  in education field
The design of learning spaces : future schools
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Virtual learning communities : a guide for practitioners
Emancipating and developing learning activity : systemic intervention and re-instrumentation in higher education
First-year law students' challenges in studying.
Abstract: Student perceptions of Web-based learning - international business at Satakunta polytechnic.
Researching creative learning : methods and issues
Successful learning and studying in biosciences : exploring how students' conceptions of learning, approaches to learning, motivation and their experiences of the teaching-learning environment are related to study success
Transforming children's spaces : children's and adults' participation in designing learning environments
The changing faces of virtual education
Effective school interventions : evidence-based strategies for improving student outcomes
Multicultural TeKu : the international learning environment at Savonia
Delivering learning on the net : the why, what & how of online education
Ethical behaviour in the e-classroom : what the online student needs to know
Student perceptions of Web-based learning : international business at Satakunta polytechnic
Enterprise portals in e-learning : [welcome to e-learning]
Linking architecture and education : sustainable design for learning environments
Human factors in the built environment
From idea to implementation : planning and administration of online learning
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Good learning environment : perceptions of good quality in comprehensive schools by pupils, parents and teachers
Library anxiety : theory, research, and applications
Creating multi-sensory environments : practical ideas for teaching and learning
EU business student expatriate cross-cultural adjustment at Anglia Polytechnic University
Motivated and self-regulated learning of adult learners in a collective online environment
Technology integration in context-aware learning spaces
Using the unused : spaces for Aalto University's creative community
Early childhood education
How people learn : brain, mind, experience, and school
Guides for stress coping during clinical training for international degree nursing students
A language didactic case study of multiform teaching and studying of Swedish at Helsinki University Langaueg Centre.
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
Development of virtual learning material
Learner-centered instruction : building relationships for student success
The online writing classroom
Own pace, own space, own face, human, and tool support
Study, power and the university
How HAMK could integrate its international students
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
Connected code : why children need to learn programming
Interaction, motivation, and student learning outcomes in e-learning - do personal differences matter?
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Mapping the networks : r&d activities and elearning at Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Handbook of online education
Emotions in a web-based learning environment
E-learning and communication in teachers' training project: case: ADAPTYKES project
