http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4849 survival analysis
survival analysis duration analysis
Abstract: Alcohol-related deaths.
Essentials of research methods in human sciences. Volume 2, Multivariate analysis
Life expectancy and adult mortality in industrialised countries
A clinical and health economical observational study of anti-tumor necrosis factor therapy in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis in Finland
An introduction to modelling survival data in medical research. It demonstrates how widely available computer software can be used in survival analysis. It seeks to provide sufficient methodological development for the reader to understand assumptions upon which techniques are based.
Poverty, inequality and the Finnish 1860s famine
The statistical analysis of failure time data
Demography and epidemiology : practical use of the Lexis diagram in the computer age : or who needs the Cox-model anyway?
Essentials of research methods in human sciences. Volume 3, Advanced analysis
Quality of life and cost-effectiveness of treatment after a serious neurosurgical illness
Unemployment Duration and Business Cycles in Finland
Introducing Survival Analysis and Event History Analysis is an accessible, practical and comprehensive guide for researchers and students who want to understand the basics of survival and event history analysis and apply these methods without getting entangled in mathematical and theoretical technicalities. Inside, readers are offered a blueprint for their entire research project from data preparation to model selection and diagnostics. Engaging, easy to read, functional and packed with enlightening examples, 'hands-on' exercises and resources for both students and instructors, Introducing Survival Analysis and Event History Analysis allows researchers to quickly master these advanced statistical techniques. This book is written from the perspective of the 'user', making it suitable as both a self-learning tool and graduate-level textbook. Introducing Survival Analysis and Event History Analysis covers the most up-to-date innovations in the field, including advancements in the assessment of model fit, frailty and recurrent event models, discrete-time methods, competing and multistate models and sequence analysis. Practical instructions are also included, focusing on the statistical program R and Stata, enabling readers to replicate the examples described in the text. This book comes with a glossary, a range of practical and user-friendly examples, cases and exercises, and is accompanied by a wide range of supportive materials to download at the companion website, including the example data sets and programming files, plus study and teaching material.
Cancer of the tongue in Finland : incidence, detection, survival and prognostic factors
Introducing survival and event history analysis
Measuring health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and quality-adjusted life years (QALY) in the critical care setting
Statistical models and methods for lifetime data
Essentials of research methods in human sciences
Statistical analysis of life sequence data
