http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4845 tobacco
tobacco
The scientific basis of tobacco product regulation : report of a WHO study group
The economics of smoking
Tobacco in Russian history and culture : from the seventeenth century to the present
WHO European country profiles on tobacco control 2001.
"Through the rise and fall of empires, ideologies, and economies, tobacco grown on the tiny island of Cuba has remained an enduring symbol of pleasure and extravagance. Cultivated as one of the first reliable commodities for those inhabitants who remained after conquistadors moved on in search of a mythical wellspring of gold, tobacco quickly became crucial to the support of the swelling Spanish Empire in the 17th seventeenth and 18th eighteenth centuries. Eventually, however, tobacco became one of the final stabilizing forces in the empire, and it ultimately proved more resilient than the best laid plans of kings and queens. Tobacco, and those whose livelihoods depended on it, shrugged off the Empire's collapse and pressed on into the 20th century as an economic force any state or political power must reckon with. Cosner explores the history of this golden leaf through the personal narratives of farmers, bureaucrats, and laborers, all struggling to build an independent and lucrative economic engine. Through conquest, rebellion, colonial and imperial schemes, and the eventual Communist revolution, Cuban tobacco and cigars became a luxury item that commanded commanded loyalty that defied mere borders or embargoes. Ultimately, The Golden Leaf is a story of two carefully cultivated products: Cuban tobacco, and its lofty reputation"--
Tobacco capitalism : growers, migrant workers, and the changing face of a global industry
Advertising & markets : a collection of seminal papers
Premature death in the new independent states
The cigar that fell in love with a pipe
Summary Russian.
Tobacco among the Karuk Indians of California
An Empire of plants : people and plants that changed the world
The cigarette century : the rise, fall, and deadly persistence of the product that defined America
Tupakkatilasto = Tobacco statistics. 2002.
Tobacco and health : proceedings of the IUCH/WHO circumpolar conference on tobacco and health, Yellowknife, N. W. T., Canada, April 4-6, 1989
"Tobacco is one of Cuba's best known commodities, yet its history has been clouded in myth and misconception. This work addresses the ways in which tobacco shaped Cuba and the Atlantic world in terms of culture, society, governmental control, and economics"--
On the determination of advertising effectiveness : an empirical study of the German cigarette market
Use of tobacco products, alcohol use and exposure to drugs in 1977-2005 : adolescent health and lifestyle survey 2005 in Finland
The tobacco adventure to Russia : enterprise, politics, and diplomacy in the quest for a Northern market for English colonial tobacco, 1676-1722
Bringing strategic thinking to a Chinese tobacco logistics  center
Sublime tobacco
The fear of losing out : tobacco industry strategies in Finland 1975-2001
Stop smoking for dummies
The economics of tobacco control : towards an optimal policy mix
Delayed and chronic effects of chemicals in the workplace : report on a WHO meeting, Kiev, 21-24 October 1980.
The art of the cigar label
Summary Chines.
How to quit without feeling s**t
Tobacco tort litigation in the United States
Issues in the global tobacco economy : selected case studies
Use your brain to beat addiction : the complete guide to understanding and tackling addiction
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition / edited by Matilda Hellman, Gun Roos & Julius von Wright
Tobacco : a history
Progression of smokeless tobacco use among Finnish middle school students
New era for tobacco control policy : proposals by the tobacco policy development working group of the Tobacco-free Finland 2040 network
Population, professional and client views on  the dangerousness of addictions : testing the  familiarity hypothesis
This book documents the consequences of the exposure of infants to the influence of intrauterine chemicals.... The international team of contributors sets out to inform the reader of the potential risks to infants exposed to a range of intrauterine chemicals that are potentially neuroactive, including medicinal drugs such as antiepileptics, antidepressants and antipsychotics, as well as drugs of abuse, including alcohol, opiates, and recreational drugs such as cannabis and tobacco. They review the teratogenic action of some of the chemical processes and the relationship of exposure to the stage of pregnancy. Some agents alter anatomic structure; others alter the chemical balance of neurotransmitters and may thus alter the regulation of brain function, with profound effects on the child's behaviour and propensity to behavioural disturbances. The book explores strategies to support these children and those who care for them, including statutory agencies.--From publisher description.
Books, manuscripts and drawings relating to tobacco from the collection of George Arents, jr
Nicotine psychopharmacology
Tobacco: supply, demand and trade projections, 1995 and 2000.
Tobacco control legislation : an introductory guide = Leǵislation en matiere de Lutte Antitabac : guide introductif
Smoking : making the risky decision
Tupakkatilasto. 1998 = Tobacco statistics. 1998
Tobacco and health:a study of young adults in Northern Finland
RNA Silencing and its Inhibition in transgenic Tobacco Plants
Advancing nursing science in tobacco addiction control
The economic impact of counterfeiting and piracy
The genus Nicotiana
Summary Spanish.
WHO Study Group on Tobacco Product Regulation : report on the scientific basis of tobacco product regulations : fifth report of a WHO study group
Summary (s. 13-16).
This report presents the conclusions reached and recommendations made by the members of the WHO Study Group on Tobacco Product Regulation (TobReg) at its seventh meeting, in December 2013, during which it reviewed background papers specially commissioned for the meeting, which dealt, respectively, with the following four themes: 1. Novel tobacco products, including potential reduced exposure products; 2. Smokeless tobacco products: research needs and regulatory recommendations; 3. Reduced ignition propensity cigarettes: research needs and regulatory recommendations; 4. Non-exhaustive priority list of toxic contents and emissions of tobacco products. The Study Group's recommendations in relation to each theme are set out at the end of the section dealing with that theme; its overall recommendations are summarized in Chapter 6.
Economic aspects of development of agricultural alternatives to tobacco production and export marketing in Malawi
The structure and function of tobacco pollen tube cytoskeleton
Microarray analysis of the transcriptome of tobacco mosaic virus (TMV) - infected tobacco plants
Tupakkatilasto = Tobacco statistics. 2000.
World commodity outlook 1988 : food, feedstuffs & beverages
"Mission possible - towards a tobacco-free society" : XIV annual meeting of the SRNT Europe : 30 August - 2 September, 2012, University of Helsinki main building, Helsinki, Finland : abstract book
Smokefree Europe : conference on tobacco or health, Helsinki, Finland, October 2-4, 1996 : abstracts
Some actual problems of the pedagogical and general education in the north of Europe
The new smoking law : case Restaurant Fransmanni Vaasa
Tobacco or health : a global status report
Advertising and constitutional rights in Europe : a study in comparative constitutional law
La diva nicotina : the story of how tobacco seduced the world
Women and tobacco
Summary French.
Tupakkatilasto 2014 = Tobaksstatistik 2014 = Tobacco statistics 2014
Tupakkatilasto = Tobacco statistics. 1999.
WHO expert committee on problems related to alcohol consumption : second report
WHO European country profiles on tobacco control 2003.
The new catering repertoire : Vol. II
A century of tobacco stories : British American Tobacco in Finland 1909-2009
Texts "con and pro" : the early modern medical controversy over tobacco : lectio praecursoria
Ashes to ashes : America's hundred-year cigarette war, the public health, and the unabashed triumph of Philip Morris
Socioeconomic differences in tobacco use among Ghanaian and Finnish adolescents
CIGARETTE PACK ART
Health educators' conceptions on the "Smoke-free Finland 2040 (Savuton Suomi 2040)" goal
The tobacco dependence treatment handbook : a guide to best practices
Environmental tobacco smoke
The golden leaf : how tobacco shaped Cuba and the Atlantic world
Tobacco : science, policy, and public health
International quit and win
Tobacco tins : a collector's guide
Forces of habit : drugs and the making of the modern world
Tobacco : production, chemistry and technology
Tupakkatilasto = Tobacco statistics. 1992, Tammikuu - Maaliskuu = January - March
Waste management : concerns and challenges
How to select and enjoy premium cigars... and save money
Protection from exposure to second-hand tobacco smoke : policy recommendations
The manuring of coffee, cocoa, tea and tobacco
Characterization of systemic acquired resistance in tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum L.) induced by Clavibacter michiganensis subsp. sepedonicus
Drugs, society and human behavior
What friends are for : the relationships between body image, substance use, and peer influence among Finnish adolescents
In utero exposure to cigarette smoking influences lung function at birth
Smoking ban in the Finnish and Irish hospitality business
Tupakkatilasto 1991 = Tobacco statistics 1991
From honey to ashes
Tupakkatilasto = Tobacco statistics. 2003.
CRC handbook of transportation and marketing in agriculture
Economics and marijuana : consumption, pricing and legislation
Optimization of fuelwood production for rural development with special reference to tobacco growing farmers (South Nyanza - Kenya)
Tupakkatilasto 1993 = Tobacco statistics 1993.
The runaway jury
Texts "con and pro" : the early modern medical controversy over tobacco
Great expectorations : advertising and the tobacco industry
Pack of lies : the advertising of tobacco
Smoke : cigars, cigarettes, pipes, and other combustibles
Nordic tobacco control : towards smokefree societies
Efficient product introduction : case: Seita Tupakka Oy.
Tobacco : the story of how tobacco seduced the world
Occupational cancer in Europe
Breathe easy : the friendly stop-smoking guide for women
The scientific basis of tobacco product regulation : second report of a WHO study group
Field crop diseases handbook
The butt : an exit  strategy
Tupakkatilasto 1995 = Tobacco statistics 1995.
Contribution of deaths related to alcohol or smoking to the gender difference in life expectancy
The new cigar companion : a Connoisseur's guide
The new Finnish tobacco act from a trade mark point of view
Tobacco in history : the cultures of dependence
WHO European strategy for smoking cessation policy
The psychopharmacology of smoking
Thank you for smoking
Tupakkatilasto 2013 = Tobaksstatistik 2013 = Tobacco statistics 2013
The Viet Nam Zippo, 1933-1975
Tobacco in the developing world
The tobacco atlas
The complete idiot's guide to cigars
Tupakkatilasto 1996 = Tobacco statistics 1996.
Seeds of wealth : four plants that made men rich
Mystic endowment : religious ethnography of the Warao Indians
Plant diseases of international importance. Vol. 4, Diseases of sugar, forest, and plantation crops
European and american snuff boxes 1730-1830
International quit and win 2002 : handbook
Summary English.
Alcohol, drugs, and medication in pregnancy : the long-term outcome for the child
Tobacco use among pregnant women in Nepal : prevalence and socio-demographic determinants
The butt
The genus Nicotiana : origins, relationships and evolution of its species in the light of their distribution, morphology and cytogenetics
Living with drugs
A method for measurement of actue leaf injury on tobacco indicator plants
An evaluation of the effects of an increase in the price of tobacco and a proposal for the tobacco price policy in Finland in 1985-87
Summary Arabic.
Habanos : the story of the Havana cigar
Tupakkatilasto = Tobacco statistics. 2001.
CAP working notes : 1995. Tobacco
The economic significance of tobacco
RNA silencing and its inhibition in transgenic tobacco plants
Legislative responses to tobacco use
Tobacco and shamanism in South America
Tupakkatilasto = Tobacco statistics. 2004
International connoisseur's guide to cigars : the art of selecting and smoking
"Do marijuana users cut back on consumption when the price rises? To what degree is marijuana consumption related to drinking and tobacco usage? What would happen if marijuana were legalised and taxed in the same way as alcohol and tobacco? Is marijuana priced in a similar way to other goods? Economics and Marijuana deals with these and other questions by drawing on a rich set of data concerning the consumption and pricing of marijuana in Australia, a country where the drug has been decriminalised in some, but not all, states. The book applies the economic approach to drugs to analyse consumption, pricing and the economics of legalising the use of marijuana. The result is a fascinating analysis of this widely used, but little understood illicit drug that provides much needed information and policy advice for a wide range of readers, including economists, policy makers and health professionals"--Provided by publisher.
