http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4843 correspondents
correspondents
The ways of the dead
Journalism at risk : threats, challenges and perspectives
Are foreign correspondents redundant? : the changing face of international news
Message from Nam
Lying together : my Russian affair
All things must fight to live : stories of war and deliverance in Congo
The weekly war : newsmagazines and Vietnam
The travelers : a novel
Inside of time : my journey from Alaska to Israel
The Paris wife
The letters of Martha Gellhorn
The forever war : dispatches from the war on terror
The age of Jihad : Islamic State and the great war for the Middle East
A writer at war : Vasily Grossman with the Red Army 1941-1945
The dogs are eating them now : our war in Afghanistan
Gendering war and peace reporting : some insights - some missing links
The mammoth book of war correspondents
The last Kestrel
Foreign correspondent : Paris in the sixties
The Kamp Corps : the joy and agonies of covering the Winter War
Finnish foreign correspondents in Moscow : balancing between external expectations, personal ambitions and working conditions
The Israeli-Egyptian peace process in the reporting of western journalists
The punishment of virtue : inside Afghanistan after the Taliban
Reporting war : journalism in wartime
War on words : who should protect journalists?
The hunting party
"Presented in ... diary form, this substantial volume draws together a careful selection of Cockburn's writings from the frontlines of the conflicts in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya and Syria, interspersed with thoughtful analyses and contemporary, original reflection. What emerges is the fine grain and nuance of an unfolding tragedy in which, in contrast to the often facile proclamations of politicians and much of the media: "These are not black-and-white situations, good guys against bad, vile tyrant against a risen people like a scene out of Les Miserables. It is astonishing and depressing to see Western governments committing their countries to wars without recognizing this basic fact." The conflicts being fueled by such misunderstandings are today spilling over to cities in the West, provoking a backlash that learns little from recent history and is likely only to make things worse.--Publisher.
Combat reporter : Don Whitehead's World War II diary and memoirs
People like us  : misrepresenting the Middle East
Travels with myself and another : [a memoir]
In The Weekly War, James Landers provides the first in-depth investigation of how the three major newsmagazines - Newsweek, Time, and U.S. News & World Report - covered the Vietnam War and the impact their coverage had on the American public, presidents, and policymakers. From March 1965 through January 1973 these magazines reached nearly one-third of adult Americans - second only to news programs on network television. Despite the popular impression that this was primarily a "television war," the newsmagazines played a prominent role in informing the public about warfare and war policy. Each magazine had its own niche and distinct editorial style : Newsweek provided a mainstream liberal perspective, while Time took a more conservative viewpoint and U.S. News & World Report had an ultraconservative outlook. The editors of each magazine aimed to reach like-minded readers, knowing full well that a reader who disliked one magazine could simply switch to another. Landers demonstrates how public-opinion shifts during the war forced the newsmagazines, especially Time, to change too. This book reflects a thorough examination of roughly nine hundred articles on the Vietnam War published by the three major newsmagazines. Landers also gathered documents from the Lyndon Baines Johnson Library and Richard M. Nixon Presidential Materials Project to reveal the attention paid to the newsmagazines by presidents and policymakers and their attempts to influence or manipulate coverage. In addition to making a major contribution to the history of print journalism, The Weekly War complements scholarship on television news coverage of the Vietnam War. This volume will appeal to students and teachers of history and journalism, as well as the general reader interested in a unique view of the Vietnam War.
The courier's tale
International media coverage of the war in Iraq provoked public scrutiny as well debate amongst journalists themselves. Media at War offers a critical overview of the coverage in the context of other preceding wars, including the first Gulf War, and opens up the debate on the key questions that emerged during the crisis. For example, * What did we actually gain from 'live, on the spot' reporting? * Were journalists adequately trained and protected? * How compromised were the so-called 'embedded' journalists? * Tumber and Palmer's analysis covers both the pre-war and post war phase, as well as public reaction to these events, and as such provides an invaluable framework for understanding how the media and news organisations operated during the Iraq Crisis.
Reporting conflict
The Paris wife : a novel
Churchills Iceman :  the true story of Geoffrey Pyke : genius, fugnitive, spy
Tides of war : world news reporting 1931-1945
Whiskey tango foxtrot
A hundred and one days
Big boy rules : America's mercenaries fighting in Iraq
The Zahir
Martha Gellhorn : a life
The first casualty : the war correspondent as hero and myth-maker from the Crimea to Kosovo
Writer at war : Vasily Grossman with the red army 1941-1945
A bio-bibliographic guide covering the lives and contributions of thirty-three journalists who endured physical discomfort and separation from their families and risked their lives to inform their fellow Americans and the rest of the world about the greatest and most destructive war in human history. Included are writers, photographers, broadcasters, and a cartoonist.
Chinese reportage : the aesthetics of historical experience
The face of war
Ideals of European public sphere and EU journalism
Breakfast with Mao : memoirs of a foreign correspondent
Churchill's South Africa : travels during the Anglo-Boer War
The voice of the people : letters from the Soviet village, 1918-1932
Man of wars : William Howard Russell of The Times
The devil's feather
Beyond the killing fields : war writings
We are now beginning our descent
The postmistress
Men and politics : an autobiography
Every man in this village is a liar : an education in war
Bittersweet : lessons from my mother's kitchen
In love and war
Through the looking glass : China's foreign journalists from Opium Wars to Mao
Muffled drums; the news media in Africa
More than sorrow : a mystery
Confessions from correspondent-land : the dangers & delights of life as a foreign correspondent
The navy at war
War-fix
Press directory Finland. 2006
In Reporting Conflict, a correspondent turned lecturer draws on his personal experience of journalism in wartime. The author, James Rodgers, has reported on world-changing conflicts. The book combines reflection on this personal experience with an assessment of other accounts of journalism in wartime, and academic studies on the subject.
An early virtual community resists secularization : Wolmar Schildt-Kilpinen's Kansan Lehti 1868-1870
Burke + Norfolk : photographs from the war in Afganistan by John Burke and Simon Norfolk
The first casualty : the war correspondent as hero and myth-maker from the Crimea to Iraq
Mapping Foreign Correspondence in Europe
The media and the war on terrorism
The punishment of virtue
Hemingway & Gellhorn
War stories : the culture of foreign correspondents
To Afghanistan and back : a graphic travelogue
American World War II correspondents
Stalin's apologist : Walter Duranty, the New York Time's man in Moscow
Hemingway's second war : bearing witness to the Spanish Civil War
A writer at war : Vasily Grossman with the red army 1941 - 1945
The convulsive history of foreign journalists in China starts with newspapers printed in the European factories of Canton in the 1820s. It also starts with a duel between two editors over the future of China and ends with a fistfight in Shanghai over the revolution. This book tells the story of China's foreign journalists.
We saw Spain die : foreign correspondents in the Spanish Civil War
The education of a correspondent
Media at war : the Iraq crisis
Rebels : my life behind enemy lines with warlords, fanatics and not-so-friendly fire
Dispatches
