http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4856 Geometridae
Geometridae geometrid moths
An annotated checklist of geometrid moths (Lepidoptera: Geometridae) from the Kamchatka Peninsula and adjacent islands
An excellent book on European Geometrids
Diversity and classification of Scopulini (Lepidoptera: Geometridae, Sterrhinae)
Geometridae (Lepidoptera) from the Tian-Shan Mountains in Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan, with description of three new species and one new subspecies
The ecology, genitalia and larval morphology of Polythrena coloraria Herrich-Schäffer, 1855 (Lepidoptera: Geometridae), with records of its egg parasitoid Telenomus acarnas Kozlov & Kononova, 1977 (Hymenoptera: Scelionidae)
The geometrid moths of Europe. Vol. 1, Introduction, Archiearinae, Orthostixinae, Desmobathrinae, Alsophilinae, Geometrinae
Retarded growth of a geometrid larva after mechanical damage to leaves of its host tree
Chloroclystis v-ata relicta ssp. n. (Lepidopetera, Geometridae), a new taxon from SW Finland, doomed to go extinct?
Summary: Flight periods and abundance of the 20 most abundant and 10 other species collected by light traps at Kevo, Finnish Lapland, are presented in figures and discussed...
Density fluctuation as a modifier of individuals and populations in Epirrita autumnata
Systematics of the Cidariini (Lepidoptera, Geometridae: Larentiinae)
Flight periods of geometrid moths in central and northern Finland (Lepidoptera)
Growth and energy requirements of the larvae of Dineura virididorsata (Retz.) (Hym., Tenthredinidae) and Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) (Lep., Geometridae) feeding on birch
The geometrid moths of Europe. Vol. 3, Subfamily Sterrhinae (II) (Lytriini), Subfamily Larentiinae I
Evolutionary and phylogenetic studies of geometrid moths (Lepidoptera, Geometridae)
The geometrid moths of Europe. Vol. 4, Larentiinae II (Perizomini and Eupitheciini)
Size and time for a geometrid moth : evolutionary forces and consequences to population dynamics
The role of natural enemies in preventing outbreaks of Epirrita autumnata in southern Finland
Flight periods and abundance of some moths caught by light traps in subarctic Finnish Lapland, 1972-78
Checklist of the Geometridae (Lepidoptera) of the former U.S.S.R
Insect-plant interactions during a natural Epirrita autumnata outbreak
Evolution of insect life histories in relation to time constraints in seasonal environments : polymorphism and clinal variation
The geometrid moths of Europe. Vol. 2, Sterrhinae
Trophic interactions and cyclic population dynamics of the autumnal moth : the importance of hymenopteran parasitoids
The moths of Borneo. 11, Geometridae, Ennominae
Ecological traits as determinants of extinction risk and distribution change in Lepidoptera
Trophic interactions of invasive forest herbivores and consequences for the resident ecosystem
Fluctuations in catches of Epirrita autumnata, (Lepidoptera, Geometridae) in Finnish forest Lapland
Diversity and classification of the Scopulini (Lepidoptera: Geometridae, Sterrhinae)
Trophic interactions of invase forest herbivores and consequences for the resident ecosystem
Leaf-spinning moths (Lepidoptera) feeding on Vaccinium uliginosum L. along an ecological gradient of central European peat bogs
