http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4855 autumnal moth
autumnal moth Epirrita autumnata
Birch leaves as a resource for herbivores: damage induced increase in leaf phenols with trypsin-inhibiting effects
Climate change and the risks of forest insect outbreaks
Abstract.
Size and time for a geometrid moth : evolutionary forces and consequences to population dynamics
Density fluctuation as a modifier of individuals and populations in Epirrita autumnata
Regulation of mountain birch - autumnal moth interaction: from plant defence to immune resistance of insects
Dependence of Oporinia autumnata (Lep., Geometridae) outbreaks on summer temperature
The role of natural enemies in preventing outbreaks of Epirrita autumnata in southern Finland
Birch forest damage caused by Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) in 1965-66 in Utsjoki, N Finland
Birch leaves as a resource for herbivores. 2 : diurnal variation in the usability of leaves for Oporinia autumnata and Dineura virididorsata
Causes and consequences of modularity : implications for plants, herbivores and plant-herbivore interactions
Summary: Larvae of Oporina autumnata. (Lepidoptera, Geometridae) were fed on intact birch leaves with (experimental group) and without (control group) previous mechanical damage of neighbouring leaves. The experimental group pupated slightly later than the control group. Leaves near the damaged leaf had, on average, a 9 % higher content of phenols...
Insect-plant interactions during a natural Epirrita autumnata outbreak
Herbivory-related variation in the foliar chemistry of the mountain birch (Betula pubescens spp. czerepanovii)
The development of the field and ground layer vegetation in Oporinia damage areas of 1960's in Utsjoki was studied analyzing 6 fenced areas and corresponding control areas in 1970, 1973 and 1978...
Summary: Dependence of outbreak periods of Oporinia autumnata on low summer temperature was tested by using published data. The results corroborated the hypothesis. The frequency of damage also correlated negatively, but statistically not significantly, with mean summer temperatures during the outbreak period. The causality between summer temperature and outbreaks is discussed.
Trophic interactions and cyclic population dynamics of the autumnal moth : the importance of hymenopteran parasitoids
Crowding-induced plasticity in Epirrita autumnata (Lepidoptera: Geometridae) : weak evidence of specific modifications in reaction norms
The autumnal moth in Fennoscandia
The influence of Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) (Lep., Geometridae) on the timber-line in subarctic conditions
Birch forest damage caused by Oporinia autumnata Bkh. (Lep. Geometridae) in 1965-1966 in eastern Itäkaira, northeastern Lapland
Variation in food plant quality for herbivores : differences within trees, among trees, among sites and between tree species
Host plant quality affects immune response of the autumnal moth, Epirrita autumnata
The autumnal moth outbreak near Kilpisjärvi 2004-2005 : geographical distribution, damage occurrence on different landscapes, and effects on regional carbon stock
The ichneumonid fauna in relation to an outbreak of Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) (Lep., Gometridae) on subarctic birches
Leaf development and leaf pathogens on subarctic birches after a calamity of Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) (Lep., Geometridae)
Abstract: Birch leaves collected in the morning supported growth of Oporinia autumnata (Lep., Geometridae), whose larval period is in early summer, better than leaves collected in the evening...
Trophic interactions of invase forest herbivores and consequences for the resident ecosystem
Topographical delimitation of Oporinia-damages: experimental evidence of the effect of winter temperature
Summary: Winter mortality of Oporinia autumnata (Lep., Geometridae) eggs was tested with a field experiment. Eggs did not survive at temperatures below -37°C. The result corroborated the hypothesis that accumulation of cold air at lower altitudes in wintertime destroys hibernating eggs of Oporinia...
Field and ground layer vegetation in birch forests after Oporinia damage
Abstract: In 1965-1966 the caterpillars of the geometrid Oporinia autumnata defoliated vast areas of birch forests in Finnish Lapland. The damage areas in Utsjoki, the northernmost district of Finland, were studied more thoroughly. About 1350 km² were defoliated and large areas of this will be changed into treeless "tundra"...
The effect of defoliation history on photosynthetic rates in mountain birch
On the ecocatastrophe of birch forests caused by Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) and the problem of reforestation
Effects of heavy metal pollution and host plant leaf chemistry on the immune defense and life history traits of an insect herbivore
Patterns in the ecology of herbivorous insects in northern areas explained by regional or local climate
Abstract: In 1965-1966, caterpillars of Oporinia autumnata Bkh. (Lep., Geometridae) defoliated birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa) forests in eastern Itäkaira, NE Lapland. Damage occurred on fells, riversides, and both fresh and dry heaths...
Crab spiders hunting geometrid larvae through gauze bags
Fluctuations in catches of Epirrita autumnata, (Lepidoptera, Geometridae) in Finnish forest Lapland
Trophic interactions of invasive forest herbivores and consequences for the resident ecosystem
