http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4867 labour science
labour science
Possibilities to use automatic and manual timing in time studies on harvester operations
Journal of advanced nursing
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
Enhancing innovative activities and tools for the manufacturing industry: illustrative and participative trials within work system cases
What factors affect the ways individuals participate in labor markets? "New Developments and Research on Labor Markets" (volume 4B) proposes answers to this and other questions on important topics of public policy. Leading labor economists demonstrate how better data and advanced experiments help them apply economic theory, yielding sharper analyses and conclusions. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models enable the authors of these chapters to reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title concentrates on empirical research in specific labor markets, including those defined by age, gender, and race. It reveals how questions and answers about these markets have changed and how models measure them. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Dynamics of collaboration : the case of Finnish and American aerosol research groups
Online journal of issues in nursing (OJIN)
Education about and through technology : in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
International symposium work study-measurement and terminology held in Göttingen, Germany 10-12 June 1992 : proceedings
Research methods in education
Striving for purity : interviews with people with malodorous exuding ulcers and their nurses
Seminar on forest technology developments : proceedings of the seminar on forest technology developments held in Manila the Philippines from 9 to 27 March, 1981.
Doing research about education
"Evidence-based care is a well established principle in contemporary healthcare and a worldwide health care movement. However, despite the emphasis on promoting evidence-based or effective care without the unnecessary use of technologies and drugs, intervention rates in childbirth continue to rise rapidly. This new edition emphasises the importance of translating evidence into skilful practice. It updates the evidence around what works best for normal birth, aspects of which still remain hidden and ignored by some maternity care professionals. Beginning with the decision about where to have a baby, through all the phases of labour to the immediate post-birth period, it systematically details research and other evidence sources that endorse a low intervention approach. The second edition: - has been expanded with new chapters on Preparation for Childbirth and Waterbirth - highlights where the evidence is compelling - discusses its application where women question its relevance to them and where the practitioner's expertise leads them to challenge it - gives background and context before discussing the research to date - includes questions for reflection, skills sections and practice recommendations generated from the evidence. Using evidence drawn from a variety of sources, Evidence and Skills for Normal Labour and Birth critiques institutionalised, scientifically managed birth and endorses a more humane midwifery-led model. Packed with up-to-date and relevant information, this text will help all students, practising midwives and doulas keep abreast of the evidence surrounding normal birth and ensure their practice takes full advantage of it"--Provided by publisher.
Supervisors' emerging role in second-generation knowledge management
This text describes ethnographic fieldwork as the gradual accumulation of knowledge about something you don't know much about to begin with, facilitated by theoretical and methodological instruments. The book provides an easy to read introduction to quite complex ideas about knowledge.
This innovative book illustrates ways to put economics in the best context for it to be most effectively taught to and understood by under- and post-graduate students. It provides teachers of economics with various techniques to engage and retain the interest of students, while challenging them to apply knowledge and methodological tools to a range of economic problems. The expert contributors provide fascinating insights and ideas to both improve the quality of teaching economics and deepen students' understanding of economic reasoning and problem solving.
Understanding information practices in biomedicine : a domain analytical approach
Jyväskylän yliopiston vuosi 2015 = University of Jyväskylä 2015
Heat stress in forestry work
This rewritten, expanded and updated 7th edition of the long-running bestseller Research Methods in Education encompasses the whole range of methods currently employed by educational research at all stages. It offers plentiful and rich practical advice, underpinned by clear theoretical foundations, research evidence and up-to-date references. Chapters new to this edition cover: Causation, critical educational research, evaluation and the politics of research, including material on cross-cultural research, mixed methods and participatory research Choosing and planning a research project, including material on sampling, research questions, literature reviews and ethical issues Meta-analysis, research syntheses and systematic reviews Virtual worlds and internet research Using and analysing visual media and data in educational research Organizing and presenting qualitative data, content analysis, coding and computer analysis, themes, narratives, conversations and discourses, grounded theory Understanding and choosing statistical tests, descriptive and inferential statistics, multi-dimensional measurement and factor analysis Research Methods in Education is essential reading for both the professional researcher and students of education at undergraduate and postgraduate level, who need to understand how to plan, conduct, analyse and use research. The textbook is accompanied by a website: www.routledge.com/textbooks/cohen7e. PowerPoint slides for every chapter contain an outline of the chapter structure followed by a thorough summary of the key points, ideal for both lecturers and students.a Within the book a variety of internet resources are referred to and these references have been included here, with links to the websites.a A wide range of supplementary documents are available for many chapters, providing additional guidance and examples.a They range from guidelines for the contents of a research proposal with a worked example, to screen-print manuals for using SPSS and QSR N6 NUD*IST (exportable to N-Vivo) plus data files.
What new tools and models are enriching labor economics? "Developments in Research Methods and their Application" (volume 4A) summarizes recent advances in the ways economists study wages, employment, and labor markets. Mixing conceptual models and empirical work, contributors cover subjects as diverse as field and laboratory experiments, program evaluation, and behavioral models. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title investigates recent advances in methods and models used in labor economics. It demonstrates what these new tools and techniques can accomplish. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Social justice isn't what you think it is
Evidence-based patient handling : tasks, equipment and interventions
Handbook of human factors and ergonomics in health care and patient safety
Human factors and ergonomics design handbook
Multiagency collaboration is seen as an essential way of working to promote the two-way integration of newcomers and a receiving society. The term multiagency collaboration underlines the diversity of actors in cooperation. Cross-sectorial networks are mentioned in higher strategies as well as in the local programmes or plans for action. But how is multiagency work structured at the local level? This article looks at the examples of multiagency collaboration in the written documents of local integration programmes in the Finnish context. The examples are chosen from different areas. It seems that collaboration is widely emphasized as a goal or a working method. Whereas expertise in integration work is relatively novel in Finland, more analytical awareness of multiagency collaboration could support learning in networks and developing hybrid practices in this emerging field of knowledge.
An introduction to the study of ethics in science and scientific research, this book covers: science and ethics; ethical theory and applications; science as a profession; standards of ethical conduct in science. Objectivity in research is considered as well as ethical issues in the laboratory. Actual case studies include: Baltimore Affair; cold fusion; Milikan's oil drop experiments; human and animal cloning; Cold War experiments; strategic defence initiative; the Challenger accident; and tobacco research.
Organized labor in postcommunist states : from solidarity to infirmity
State of the art on the initiatives and activities relevant to risk assessment and risk management of nanotechnologies in the food and agriculture sectors
Cooperation and paradoxes in climate economics
Ethnography : principles in practice
Doing educational research
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
International management of the Atlantic salmon fishery in the Baltic Sea
Conceptions, conflicts and contradictions : at the introduction of a Swedish health call centre
Characteristics of Finnish medical and engineering research group work
Family doctors' journey to quality
Promotion and politeness : conflicting scholarly rhetoric in three disciplines
Geographical Extraction and the Finnish-Swedish Health Differential in Finland
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Essays on household time allocation decisions in a collective household model
Clinical nursing practices
How to display data
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
eHealth as a facilitator of transnational cooperation on health : a report from the interreg III B project "eHealth for regions"
The ethics of science : an introduction
Labour Force Participation and the Likelihood of Abortion in Finland over Three Birth Cohorts
Forest work science and technology. Part 2
Nursing concept analysis : applications to research and practice
Ethnographic fieldwork : a beginner's guide
Geographical impacts of financial integration
This thesis topic was chosen because of the gap of research conducted in the field of Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute. Intercultural Intelligence itself is not a new field of study though it has many other names such as Intercultural competence. The author, coming from Northern Europe, a very direct and open culture uses an Indonesian Life-Sciences Institute as a case company where management comes from both Western and Asian cultures and observes the implications of such combination. This papers purpose is to give an answer to what is intercultural intelligence in the start up of a life sciences institute. The research was interested of the role of intercultural intelligence in leading life-sciences start-ups and that also became the primary research question. It takes a look into what is leadership, inter- and intra-culture, what are life-sciences and how they differ from medical studies and what is start-up and how to combine the theory into practice. Methodology used in this paper was conveyed by interviews, research by journal articles and observation in the case The case company Indonesia International Institute for Life-Sciences was founded 12.09.2012 with close collaboration with Karolinska Institutet in Sweden. Indonesia is a developing country where the culture differs a lot from Sweden and the Scandinavian region and in order to form a strong relationship between the institutions many factors need to be taken into consideration. Indonesia Institute for Life-Sciences is founded by an Indonesian company called Kalbe Corporation The findings of this paper were that Intercultural Intelligence is a very important part to take into consideration when dealing with different cultures and some cultures are more sensitive than the others. In order to secure smooth collaboration home and host country members have to be aware of the possibility of conflicts in order to be ableto avoid them and make the most out of the collaboration. This paper serves people in the Life-Sciences field who are in touch with intercultural issues and work with newly founded projects. In depth research is needed since the scope and time restrictions of this research were present and further studies are required.
Advanced practice nursing : an integrative approach
Juran on planning for quality
Thinking outside the box : enhancing science teaching by combining (instead of contrasting) laboratory and simulation activities
International accounting standards : similarities and differences : IAS, US GAAP and UK GAAP
New developments in economic education
Screening contracts when institutions matter : an example
An introduction to instructional services in academic libraries
Evidence and skills for normal labour and birth : a guide for midwives
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Springer handbook of nanotechnology
Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4A
Agriculture in the nordic countries, working postures - overview of the problems
34th R3-Nordic Contamination Control Symposium Turku, Finland, June 2-4, 2003
Globalisation, global justice and social work
Handbook of human factors and ergonomics methods
Financial markets are usually seen as forerunners in globalization, since the immaterial and weightless nature of finance seems to make geography less relevant than in most other industries. This picture of finance as the most global of businesses, however, is only partly true. For some parts of the financial markets, geography has lost its importance already a long time ago, but there are others where international and regional integration is still incomplete and on-going. Globally, the most important of the on-going processes is the financial opening up of the big emerging market economies, which poses huge challenges for international policy coordination and the development of institutions; at the European level, retail banking markets and payments systems are still very fragmented and a lot of work is needed to achieve the goal of a single market at least in the euro area. Finally, at the subnational level, the impact of financial integration is mostly felt through the changes in the variety of services and customer relationships available to SME's and households. At each of these levels, financial integration holds great promise in terms of growth, efficiency and economic opportunities, but also requires significant adjustments in public policy and private business performance.
Encouragement and discouragement : essays on taxation and government expenditure
Emerging Joint Expertise? Multiagency Collaboration Described in Local Integration Programmes in Finland
OECD economic outlook
"Hospital-Based Palliative Medicine: A Practical, Evidence-Based Approach focuses on improving a Hospitalist's ability to provide quality palliative care in the inpatient hospital setting. Although several large textbooks exist for the palliative care provider, there are few detailed resources aimed specifically at the general Hospitalist and hospital-based staff. Existing textbooks dedicate at most only one chapter to palliative care and they lack the detail and specificity in symptom management and communication skills to truly guide care. Hospital-Based Palliative Medicine addresses each of the major components involved in the delivery of inpatient palliative care. These include the management of complex symptoms and the use of specific communication techniques - right down to the actual words to say to the patient - to convey important information such as the reason for and use of medication and how to handle difficult topics with patients and their families and caregivers. The book's authors are all leaders in the field of palliative care, and most of them also practice as hospitalists, and thus understand both perspectives. Chapters are presented in a consistent format with particular attention to both clinical pearls and pitfalls, making the material practical and easily accessible to the busy hospitalist and associated hospital staff"--Provided by publisher.
Forest work science and technology. Part 1
Introduction to nursing research : developing research awareness
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Holistic work system design and management:— a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers’ work outside the cab
U.S.-Soviet exchanges : a conference report
International encyclopedia of ergonomics and human factors
Hospital-based palliative medicine : a practical, evidence-based approach
Essays in search activity
Practical research and evaluation : a start-to-finish guide for practitioners
Clinical nurse specialist role in Finnish health care
Proceedings of the Crafticulation & Education Conference
Fighting for the otherness. : Student nurses' lived experiences of growing in caring
Good style : writing for science and technology
Human factors methods : a practical guide for engineering and design
Doing research/reading research : re-interrogating education
Doctors of body, soul and society : Scottish medical missionaries of the Livingstonia mission in Nyasaland 1875-1914
The institutionalist tradition in labor economics
Benefit-oriented socially engaged art : two cases of social work experiment
Technology shocks and employment in open economies
Essays in climate and labour economics
An archaeology of philosophical anthropology : a reconstruction of the historical philosophical background of ethnography and consequences for nursing science
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
Workplace social capital and employee health
Human factors in engineering and design
There is a lack of studies on the association between labour force participation and abortion. This study examined how the likelihood of having an abortion depends on being employed, unemployed, student or outside the workforce using Finnish register data from three birth cohorts (born in 1955-59, 1965-69 and 1975-79) of nearly 260,000 women. The results differed depending on whether all women or only pregnant women were studied and on the cohort analysed. Unemployed women had a high likelihood of abortion when all women were studied, but among pregnant women students had the highest likelihood. The direction and strength of the association varied by relationship status, age, and parity. The results show that the likelihood of abortion depends on women's economic position. More studies on contraceptive use and pregnancy intentions in Finland are needed to identify the mechanisms behind these findings.
Method and fieldwork in a hermeneutical perspective
Intercultural intelligence in the start-up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Possibilities of telework as an organisational tool for the flexible arrangement of teachers' work from the teacher's viewpoint
Work studies in forestry
Oral health care : pediatric, research, epidemiology and clinical practices
Key concepts in nursing
Qualitative research in nursing and healthcare
Previous research concerned with the Finnish-Swedish mortality differential in Finland tends to have overlooked the fact that many Finnish speakers who live in the same coastal area as the Swedish speakers originate from parts of the country with high death rates. Using an extract from Statistics Finlands longitudinal employment statistics ? le, we ? nd that geographical extraction is an important factor underlying variation in both mortality and disability retirement in working-aged people. Finnish speakers born in eastern and northern Finland have substantially poorer health than those originating from western Finland. It is consequently not suf? cient to restrict analyses only by present region of residence. Still, there remains a between-group health differential also in people born in the coastal area, which suggests that health behaviors and risk factors could be relevant.  .
Educating the global workforce : knowledge, knowledge work and knowledge workers
Handbook of human factors and ergonomics
iComponent - device-independent platform for analyzing eye movement data and developing eye-based applications
Economics of education
Essays in public and labour economics : estimating causal effects using regional variation
Quality management of forest regeneration activities
Politics of development in the Barents region
Professional development, reflection and decision-making in nursing and health care
Fieldwork in educational settings : methods, pitfalls, and perspectives
Reviewing research evidence for nursing practice : systematic reviews
Clinical learning environment and supervision : development and validation of the CLES evaluation scale
Three Years of Networking: a Personal History of NIEPS
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4B
Essays on migration
Report from ICARP-III planning meeting
An introduction to human factors engineering
A human vision with higher education perspective : institutional evaluation of the Humanistic Polytechnic
Handbook of descriptive linguistic fieldwork
Essays on agricultural and environmental policy
