http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4868 enticements
enticements
Prayer for the devil
Motivation factors of Chinese tourists travelling to Finland
The city as an entertainment machine
Winning back lost customers - Oy Beweship Ab
A consumer behaviour study regarding Unilever's Knorr Ateriaratkaisut products
Pheromones : reference book = Feromonai : žinynas = Feromony : spravočnik
The guerrilla marketing revolution : the precision persuasion of the unconscious mind
Escape from Horrorland
The art of woo : using strategic persuasion to sell your ideas
CRC handbook of natural pesticides. Vol. 6, Insect attractants and repellents
It was not until 1970s that developing countries began to step into the international tourism market. During the 1980s, the Asian Pacific region moved from being a minor player in the international tourism scene to becoming the fastest-growing and most talked about region of the world. Factors influencing travel growth in this region included the opening of new air routes, new treaties and agreements granted between countries, the relaxation of government travel barriers, the provision of cheaper travel and accommodations packages, increased marketing and promotional activities in destination countries, and rapid growing economy in the developing countries, of course. According to WTO's (World Tourism Organization) estimation, by the year 2020, the top worldwide tourists generating countries are Germany, Japan, the United States and P.R. China. There will be 405 million outbound tourists traveling from East Asia/pacific area to the other part of the world in year 2020. Asian tourism will grow fast in new millennium. Europe, as the largest destination region for years, will be still sharing the big portion of the market in terms of tourists' destination. Finland, located in Europe, as an attractive sustainable tourism destination with its pure and untouched nature, is interested to Asian tourists especially Chinese ones. Statistics show, there are over 100 000 Chinese travelers coming to Finland in the past two years and the number will enlarge in the following years. As it is still a new market segment to Finnish industry, the industry needs to develop new products which are Chinese customers focused efficiently as the most important challenge to be faced. This research is done by two native Chinese students from Haaga Institute, it covers concepts of tourism, tourism product, international tourists and tourism impacts. Authors hope that the thesis will generate efficient ideas and comments in terms of tourism development and management via short term marketing research and studies.   necessary measures to build Finland also as a tourism destination for the Chinese mass tourists of tomorrow.
Financial service cluster attractiveness in Finland
Responses of olfactory receptor neurons of the large pine weevil to a possible deterrent Neutroil® and two other chemicals
Customer awareness and customer attraction for TEMA-matkat : Finnmatkat specialty travel case
Understanding and managing tourism
Current issues in international tourism development
Olfactory recognition and behavioural avoidance of angiosperm non-host volatiles by conifer bark beetles
The exhibition guru : the art of exhibiting at trade shows and how to make money from it
Tourism product experience of Chinese travellers to Finland
The power of persuasion : how we're bought and sold
