http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4886 organic fertilisers
organic fertilisers
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
Spring barley yield and nitrogen recovery after application of peat manure and pig slurry
Animal manure on grassland and fodder crops : fertilizer or waste ? : proceedings of an International symposium of the European Grassland Federation, Wageningen, The Netherlands, 31 August-3 september 1987
Green manure extracts as stimulators and inhibitors of germination of barley and oat
Environmental friendly fertiliser for rice
A lysimeter study nutrient release, leaching losses and growth response of amaranthus resulting from application of inorganic and organic nitrogen sources
Handbook of soil conditioners : substances that enhance the physical properties of soil
Use of dry olive-mill wastewater like organic amendment in soil for horticultural greenhouse crop
Utilization of date pits as a potential source of biogas and organic fertilizer
Biosolids and meat and bone meal (MBM) are commonly used as fertilizers in agriculture, often at application rates where total phosphorus (P) far exceeds the annual demand. In a pot experiment, three biosolids and two types of MBM were tested at two commonly used application rates. Their contributions to P uptake in ryegrass (second and third season) were compared with annual mineral P fertilization. The soil was analysed for extractable P (PAL and POlsen). Only soil amended with digested, limed biosolids provided a P uptake in ryegrass the third season comparable to annual NPK fertilization. Bone-rich MBM had considerable contributions to third season P uptake in soil with pH < 6. The product application rates did not influence P uptake significantly for any of the products. POlsen was found suitable to describe residual effects on soil P solubility, whereas the PAL-method was not applicable for MBM fertilized soils.
Trace elements solubilization in waste-amended saline-sodic conditions
Handling of digestate on farm level : economic calculations = Hantering av rötrest på gårdsnivå - ekonomiska beräkningar
Fertilizer value of urine in pumpkin (Cucurbita maxima L.) cultivation
We conducted a pot experiment to study the fertilization effects of four N- and P-rich organic waste resources alone and in combination with K-rich bottom wood ash at two application rates (150 kg N ha-1 + 120 kg K ha-1, 300 kg N ha-1 + 240 kg K ha-1). Plant-available N was the growth-limiting factor. 48-73% of N applied with meat and bone meal (MBM) and composted fish sludge (CFS) was taken up in aboveground biomass, resulting in mineral fertilizer equivalents (MFE%) of 53-81% for N uptake and 61-104% for yield. MFE% of MBM and CFS decreased for increasing application rates. Two industrial composts had weak N fertilization effects and are to be considered soil conditioners rather than fertilizers. Possible P and K fertilization effects of waste resources were masked by the soil's ability to supply plant-available P and K, but effects on plant-available P and K contents in soil suggest that the waste resources may have positive effects under more nutrient-deficient conditions.
Entada abyssinica (Steud. ex A. Rich) is abundant and well recognized in the Ngaoundere area of northeast Adamawa Province, Cameroon, where swidden systems are practiced. Maize yield and soil chemical properties were analyzed from a two-factor block trial. The purpose was to determine the effects of E. abyssinica leaves used as green manure. The two factors were the amount of plant leaves applied and the application technique. Other than the two factors, the trial used current local farming methods. Maize yield showed significant increase when 2.50 kg cuttings were mixed with the soil, attributable to faster leaf decomposition and nutrient availability in the maize root zone. There was no significant increase in total nitrogen, available phosphorus, calcium or sodium in the 0-20 cm layer of soil. Mixing resulted in significant increases in soil organic matter, potassium and other soil fertility indicators. Higher quantities of the plant biomass significantly increased soil organic matter, base saturation and soil pH. The reduced acidity made soil nutrients more readily available. The interaction between application method and cutting methods showed significant increases for sum of bases, cation exchange capacity and base saturation, while magnesium showed a significant decrease. Using this abundant plant, farmers in the Adamawa Lowlands area can significantly increase maize yields for home consumption or sale beginning with the first year of application.
Liquid gold : the lore and logic of using urine to grow plants
Manure management : treatment strategies for sustainable agriculture
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) on cultivation of winter triticale, winter oilseed rape, winter wheat and maize. The average annual yields and protein yield achieved in crop rotation were studied. The field trials were carried out in north-eastern Poland in 2006-2010. The factor was dose of MBM: 1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1 or 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 and 5.0 t ha-1 every other year. The four-year experiment has proven that MBM is a valuable nitrogen and phosphorus fertilizer in cultivation of cereals and oilseed rape. By amendment of the tested meal into the soil it produced crop yield and protein yield similar to that achieved by mineral fertilization. However, the crude fat yield of rape was significantly higher under the influence of all the MBM doses. The yield-stimulating effect of MBM did not depend on the frequency of its application; therefore it is more convenient to apply it once every two years. Increasing MBM from 1.5 to 2.5 t ha-1 did not significantly increase any of the four crop yields, therefore for soils that had satisfactory nutrients content, 1 or 1.5 t ha-1 MBM is enough and increasing MBM will only increase economic burden for farmers and environmental risks.
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
Treatment and use of sewage sludge and liquid agricultural wastes
Growth, nutrient uptake and yield of tomato in response to different plant residue composts
Influence of organic and mineral fertilization on yield, composition and processing quality of potatoes
Design when social enterprises arise : design for sustainable development in Guatemala through social enterprises
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen and phosphorus supplier to cereals and oilseed rape
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Wastewater treatment and use in agriculture
Effects of domestic sewage sludge, conifer bark ash and wood fibre waste on soil characteristics and the growth of Salix Aquatica
Determination of slurry's viscosity using case based reasoning approach
The aim of this study was to determine the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) used as an organic fertilizer on maize grown for grain. A two-factorial field experiment in a randomized block design was carried out in 2010 and 2011, in north-eastern Poland. Experimental factor I was MBM dose (1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1), and experimental factor II was the year of the study (two consecutive years). Increasing MBM doses contributed to an increase in maize grain yield and 1000-grain weight. The yield-forming effect of MBM applied at 1.5 t ha-1 year-1 was comparable with that of nitrogen and phosphorus contained in mineral fertilizers. A dose of 2.5 t ha-1 MBM led to a significant increase in maize grain yield. The P and K content of maize grain was determined by MBM dose, whereas the concentrations of N, Mg and Ca in grain were not affected by MBM dose. Significantly higher N, P, K and Mg uptake by maize plants was observed in treatments with the highest MBM dose, compared with the control tratment. Nitrogen and phosphorus uptake per 1 t MBM reached 101 kg and 26 kg, respectively. The results of a two-year study show that the maximum MBM dose (2.5 t ha-1 year-1) met the fertilizer requirements of maize with respect to nitrogen and phosphorus.
Meat and bone meal and biosolids as slow-release phosphorus fertilizers
Carbon and nitrogen dynamics in agroforestry systems : temporal patterns of some important soil processes
The traditional production of mineral N and P fertilisers is unsustainable due its reliance on fossil fuels in the case of N, and on limited mineral resource stocks in the case of P. The use of alternative or complementary fertilisers that originate from organic waste materials is gaining interest. Organic farms, especially arable organic farms without livestock, need usable sources of plant nutrients. Meat bone meal (MBM), a potential organic fertiliser for agricultural crops, contains considerable amounts of nutrients (on average 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca). In EU countries, Commission regulation (EC) No 181/2006 authorised the use of MBM as an organic fertiliser. In this study, MBM was compared to conventional mineral NPK fertiliser. Two randomised complete block split-plot field experiments were conducted: one with spring barley (Hordeum vulgare) in two years; and another with oat (Avena sativa) for three years, including a fourth year of testing for residual effect. Compared to mineral fertiliser (20% N, 3% P and 9% K), MBM was applied at three N levels: 60, 90 and 120 kg N ha-1. The grain yield of both cereal species supported by MBM, did not differ from the yield obtained with the mineral fertiliser at any N level. At 120 kg N ha-1, the grain yield level with either type was ca. 4500 kg ha-1 of barley and 5000 kg ha-1 of oat, representing fair averages for Finnish conditions. Moreover, MBM and mineral fertilisation showed no differences in quality in terms of 1000-grain weight, test-weight, protein content and protein yield. Since MBM has a low N/P ratio, P was applied in surplus to attain comparable N levels. Therefore MBM fertilisation should be fitted for crop rotation and for meeting environmental requirements.
Organic fertilizer and biogas production from poultry wastes
The complete compost : gardening guide
Green manure in rice farming : proceedings of a symposium on sustainable agriculture : the role of green manure crops in rice farming systems, 25-29 May 1987.
Compost, vermicompost, and compost tea : feeding the soil on the organic farm
The effect of increasing doses of meat and bone meal (MBM) on maize (Zea mays L.) grown for grain
Nutrient content and fertilizer value of livestock manure with special reference to cow manure
Irrigation with treated sewage effluent : management for environmental protection
Technique of green mulch spreading = Viherkatteen levitystekniikka
Yield and quality of vegetables fertilized with human urine and wood ash
Handbook of microbial biofertilizers
Waste composts as nitrogen fertilizers for forage leys
Summary.
Meat bone meal as fertiliser for barley and oat
Maize yield and soil property responses to Entada abyssinica (Steud. ex A. Rich.) cuttings in the Adamawa Lowlands, Cameroon
Lihaluujauho kauran lannoitteena : teurastamoteollisuuden sivutuote lannoitteeksi = Meat and bone meal as fertilizer for oats : from slaughter house waste to fertilizer
Recycling organic waste : from urban pollutant to farm resource
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Growing Media : Angers, France
Reduction of odorants in swine manure by carbohydrate and bacterial amendments
Flytgödsel till vall = Slurry applied to grass and mixed ley
Fertilization effects of organic waste resources and bottom wood ash: results from a pot experiment
Fertile soil : a grower's guide to organic & inorganic fertilizers
Area-wide integrated recycling of pig effluent in Thailand : effluent treatment and handling
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
