http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4882 regionality
regionality
New concepts of citizenship : residential/regional citizenship and dual nationality/identity
Training university personnel for the information society : the Finnish TieVie project
Regionalisms and the 'exceptionality' of security regions
Understanding regional peace and security : a framework for analysis
The differentiated countryside
Political change and territoriality in indonesia : provincial proliferation
A geographical guide to the real and the good
Imagining and re-narrating regional identities
Globalization and belonging
Interpretations of cultural identities in the European Capital of Culture events in Turku
Beyond Japan : the dynamics of East Asian regionalism
Ethnic life and minority cultures
Regional disorder : the South China Sea disputes
Regionalism and global economic integration : Europe, Asia and the Americas
Cities and regions in the new learning economy
The use of future-oriented knowledge in regional innovation processes : research on knowledge generation, transfer and conversion
Regionalist parties in Western Europe
Asia-Pacific economic cooperation. Volume II, APEC: economic and political rationale
An introduction to geographical economics : trade, location and growth
Region, religion and English Renaissance literature
The Pan-Pearl River Delta : an emerging regional economy in a globalizing China
The Oxford handbook of comparative regionalism
Sports geography
Going public '04 : mappe, confini e nuove geografie = Going public '04 : maps, confines and new geographies / a cura di = ed. by Claudia Zanfi
From reindeer stew to pizza: the displacement of local food resources in Sápmi, northernmost Europe
Regional innovation policy : effect on SMEs in five EU-regions
This innovative book examines the complexities of de-bordering and re-bordering through a systematic comparison of seven transborder sub regions along the western Pacific Rim and an extended analysis of the US-Mexican border and several European border regions.
Territoriality, place and space
Modeling complexity in economic and social systems
Metacommunity structuring in stream systems : disentangling the roles of regional and local processes
Snæfellsnes as a brand : a study in regional brand identity
Rural-urban migration in developing countries : the roles of asymmetric information, optimism and pessimism
Going public '06 : Atlante Mediterraneo = Mediterranean Atlas / edited by Claudia Zanfi
NGP yearbook 2007 : the changing cultural geographies of place, region and mobility
Regional science-based clusters : a case study of three European concentrations
The changing economic geography of globalization : reinventing space
State apparatus : structures and language of legitimacy
The regionalisation process in Southeast Asia and the economic integration of Cambodia and Laos into ASEAN
Bringing the food economy home : local alternatives to global agribusiness
Familiarity and home bias, an analysis of local stock preference in Finland
Revisiting the territorial trap
On the motives and geographical structure of Finnish mergers and acquisitions
Abstract: Regionalism vs. Multilateralism : An overview of the effects of Regionalism. The Purpose of this dissertation was to first find the motives behind and causes for regionalism and to explore the advantages and disadvantages of the phenomenon. Secondly, the intension was to determine the benefits of a possible bilateral FTA between Australia and China and whether a bilateral trade agreement would be more beneficial for the Australian economy than waiting for a multilateral WTO regulated framework. The research was conducted through an extensive literature review. The first part of the research focused on international trade, history of RTAs and the motives behind  regionalism. The research also focused on the traditional "stepping stone" versus "Stumbling Block" debate. The second part focused on Australian economy, trade policies and trade relations between Australia and China. The final part of the research explored the possible Australia – China FTA and on the benefits and limitation of the agreement on the Australian economy. The Study found that there is a pattern in the formation of RTAs and that regionalism is largely a response to globalisation. The research also suggested that although regionalism in certain cases may hinder trade and the formation of a multilateral framework, in general it is trade creating. In addition, a correlation between China's growth and Australia's economic welfare could be detected and the benefits from a bilateral FTA were found to outweigh the disadvantage of one and therefore also be more beneficial  than waiting for a multilateral framework. There are always limitations when a study is carried out using secondary sources. The lack of an empirical study, the limited amount of quantitative research present and the vast amount on prior research in the topic are great limitations. Although an extensive amount of studies have been conducted on regionalism, it is still possible to research and find new  perspectives because regionalism as a phenomenon is multifaceted.
Explaining Regionalism : The Case of EU Eastern Enlargement
Local journalism and local media : making the local news
"What makes large, multi-ethnic states hang together? At a time when ethnic and religious conflict has gained global prominence, the territorial organization of states is a critical area of study. Exploring how multi-ethnic and geographically dispersed states grapple with questions of territorial administration and change, this book argues that territorial change is a result of ongoing negotiations between states and societies where mutual and overlapping interests can often emerge. It focuses on the changing dynamics of central-local relations in Indonesia. Since the fall of Suharto's New Order government, new provinces have been sprouting up throughout the Indonesian archipelago. After decades of stability, this sudden change in Indonesia's territorial structure is puzzling. The author analyses this "provincial proliferation", which is driven by multilevel alliances across different territorial administrative levels, or territorial coalitions. He demonstrates that national level institutional changes including decentralization and democratization explain the timing of the phenomenon. Variations also occur based on historical, cultural, and political contexts at the regional level. The concept of territorial coalitions challenges the dichotomy between centre and periphery that is common in other studies of central-local relations."--Publisher's description.
Urban complexity and spatial strategies : towards a relational planning for our times
Asia-Pacific economic cooperation. Volume I, APEC: its origins
Rethinking regionalism
The regional and local dimensions in establishing new forms of governance in Europe
The dynamics of regional innovation : policy challenges in Europe and Japan
Chinese Merger Control Law : An Assessment of its Competition-Policy Orientation after the First Years of Application
Local power, territory and institutions in European metropolitan regions
Learning cities, learning regions, learning communities : lifelong learning and local government
Spatial data infrastructure for sustainable urban regeneration
Local and regional development
Territory : a short introduction
GIS and areal variation in dental caries : contribution of socio-economic factors among 6-year-olds in Kemi, Finland
The Eurasian space : far more than two continents
We assume that the ideas, interests and strategies of regional powers are highly significant variables, with the power to influence foreign policy. Yet while comparative research projects involving OECD-countries are fairly common, comparative research integrating developing regions is still rare, despite the fact that these countries are among the key actors of the twenty-first century. This collection emphasizes the role of regional powers in intra-regional, interregional and global contexts, analyzing the rise of regional powers from a comparative perspective. In so doing, the book explains how these powers have power to shape regional and global politics. --Publisher's description.
Geopolitics at the end of the twentieth century : the changing world political map
Urban plots, organizing cities
Regionality and/or locality : East-Central European Regional Seminar, Budapest-Györ-Kecskemét, 4-8 October, 2006
The nexus between culture and economics : culture as a contributory factor in the competitiveness of regions
Essays on income inequality, poverty and the evolution of top income shares
Regions : critical essays in human geography
Motives to restructure industries : Finnish evidence of cross-border and domestic mergers and acquisitions
The spatial, the legal and the pragmatics of world-making : nomospheric investigations
Towards transnational spatial policies in Finland
Regionalism vs. Multilateralism  : An overview of the effects of Regionalism
Growing local value : how to build business partnerships that strengthen your community
The secular state and Islam in Europe : perspectives from the Engelsberg seminar 2006
The geography of beer : regions, environment, and societies
Global tourism and regional competitiveness
Power relations and rationales around internationalization of higher education
Restructuring the state - regional impacts : a comparative Nordic perspective
Building a competitive regional innovation environment : the regional development platform method as a tool for regional innovation policy
Changes in the spatial distribution and occurence of bladderwrack, Fucus vesiculosus (L.) between 1993 and 2007 in the Archipelago Sea, S-W FINLAND
A Venetian island : environment, history and change in Burano
Regional culture and economic development : explorations in European ethnology
Trans-national practices : systems thinking in policy making
Challenging welfare issues in the global countryside
Reconsidering localism
Migration, regional integration and human security : the formation and maintenance of transnational spaces
Sudan : race, religion and violence
Carabidae from Utsjoki, Finnish Lappland : notes on faunistic and ecology
1809 - on the border : international conference in Tornio (Finland) and Haparanda (Sweden) 12th -14th June 2009 : conference proceedings
As borders bend : transnational spaces on the Pacific rim
Banque & region : the Strasbourg report
Space, place and territoriality are not only basic concepts to the discipline of geography. Geographical approach to the analysis of place is a task we need to foster in order to improve our understanding of the life-worlds of others. The development of each individual, our 'self' builds on our relations to the realms of nature, social relations and meaning as these are united in places. The author maintains that society needs a geographical place analyses based on an understanding of individual relational space and demonstrates the approach in a study of urban neighbourhoods. In order to find the bases for better planning models inhabitants were asked: What makes a place, your neighbourhood, a better place to live in? Four factors could be sorted out: the aesthetic, the functional, the social and the individual. These factors are clearly related to the understanding of place as uniting the realms of nature, social relations and meaning.
Southern African futures : critical factors for regional development in Southern Africa
The learning region : foundations, state-of-the-art, future
Regionalism vs. multilateralism : an overview of the effects of regionalism
Learning to think spatially : [GIS as a support system in the K-12 curriculum]
Patterns in the ecology of herbivorous insects in northern areas explained by regional or local climate
Regional innovation, knowledge and global change
Multicriteria-based ranking for risk management of food-borne parasites : report of a Joint FAO/WHO Expert Meeting, 3-7 September 2012, FAO Headquarters, Rome, Italy
Governance in transition
Dimensions of the wage-unemployment relationship in the Nordic countries : wage flexibility without wage curves
Territorial belonging between ecology and culture
Vegetation structure and function at multiple spatial, temporal and conceptual scales
Immediate struggles : people, power, and place in rural Spain
Going public '05 : dai Balcani al Baltico = From the Balkans to the Baltic / a cura di = edited by: Claudia Zanfi
The regional multinationals : MNEs and "global" strategic management
Developing the Mekong : regionalism and regional security in China - Southeast Asian relations
Local environmental policies and strategies
Competing for integration : Japan, Europe, Latin America and their stategic partners
Regionalism in South Asia : negotiating cooperation, institutional structures
City, region and regionalism : a geographical contribution to human ecology
Centre-periphery relations in Russia : the case of the Northwestern regions
Summary.
Regionalism in the post-cold war world
The geography of ethnic violence : identity, interests, and the indivisibility of territory
Network brand management : study of competencies of place branding ski destinations
NGP Yearbook 2015 : geographies of regions, borders and identity
The regional roots of Russia's political regime
Rethink critical regionalism : hot spring hotel design
Ecology of populations
Region, regional identity and regionalism in Southeastern Europe
Federalism and multiethnic states : the case of Switzerland
Asia-Pacific economic cooperation. Volume III, APEC: foundations and evolution
Asia-Pacific economic cooperation. Volume IV, APEC: critical perspectives on the world economy
Continent, coast, ocean : dynamics of regionalism in eastern Asia
In this article, general and regional patterns of tourism in Finland are compared with the preconditions for tourism development. A new model of the 'regionalism' of Finland's tourism is presented. A comparison of regional tourism demand (actual tourist flows) with preconditions and supply shows that actual tourism development does not yet correspond sufficiently to the predominant image of Finland as a destination of nature-based recreation activities. The author suggests the promotion of tourism by means of a new image of 'modern periphery' and its specific application to different tourist segments and nationalities.
Network power : Japan and Asia
Regional leadership in the global system : ideas, interests and strategies of regional powers
The university and its region : examples of regional development from the European Consortium of Innovative Universities
New challenges for European human resource management
Finnish entrepreneurial activity in regional, national and global context
The external economic dimension of the European Union
The impact of regionalism on trade in Europe
Learning in the global era : international perspectives on globalization and education
Regional identity and behavior
Political geography : territory, state, and society
The social dimension of regionalism : a constructive alternative to neo-liberal globalisation?
Territoriality in the globalizing society : one place or none
The regional innovation system bottom-up : a Finnish perspective
Regional behaviour : political values and economic growth in European regions
Knowledge-intensive business services : geography and innovation
Regional innovation policy : effect on SMES in five EU-regions
On 1 August 2008, the Chinese Anti-Monopoly Law entered into force, introducing a comprehensive framework for competition law to the Chinese market. One set of the new rules pertains to merger control. Chinas Ministry of Commerce (MOFCOM) was nominated as the authority responsible for enforcing merger control in China, and has been actively doing so ever since. Recent years have established China as one of the most important merger filing jurisdictions for cross-border mergers alongside the EU and USA. This work evaluates the Chinese merger control law regime and MOFCOMs decision-making practice after more than five years of application. In particular, it assesses which policy goals (competition policy goals or industrial policy considerations) prevail in the written law and its application, and provides suggestions for a further improvement of the law with the aim to develop a transparent merger control regime that promotes long-term economic growth in China.
Aspects of localities : 3. East-Central European regional seminar. Pécs-Orfű, 7-10 October, 2010
Regional and structural patterns of tourism in Finland
The Role of culture in regional development work - changes and tensions
ASEAN : life after the Charter
Studies on human capital flows and spatial labour markets
Knowledge bases and the geography of innovation
Some visions of geography
Local development and competitiveness
Regional and transnational history of Europe : a Cliohworld reader
Innovation, networks and localities
Asia-Pacific economic cooperation. Volume V, APEC: its record and achievements
