http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4892 trade events
trade events fairs
The phoenix rising
The Golden Age of English Polyphony
The Spirits of England and France. 4 : Missa caput and the story of the Salve regina
Guide to a successful joint fair participation : case study: Airport Cluster Finland at Inter Airport Europe 2011
Customer satisfaction survey of Oras products
A Study in Visual Communication - Case Functional Home at the Senior Generation Exhibition in St. Petersburg
Correlation between Marketing Communication Tools and Business Performance Variables : Charles River Discovery Services Finland Case Study
Theresa Mass : Grand mass in B flat major for soli, chorus and orchestra
Missa in Tempore Belli : Paukenmesse ; "Mass in Time of War"
New exhibition stands
Misa Criolla : Folk mass based on the rhythms and traditions of Hispanic America : For mixed choir and soloist with percussion, guitar and piano or harpsicord accompaniment
In the heart of things
Heavenly harmonies
Tampereen messut  = Tampere Trade Fairs : shows the way
How to run a successful conference : proven management techniques for delivering a successful event on budget
The secrets of successful low-budget exhibitions : the nuts and bolts of exhibiting for profit
The vintage & antiques fairs of England
iF design awards : communication + packaging 2013
I am the True Vine
The power of visual presentation : Tony Horton : portfolio
Choral music
Trade fair design annual 2002/2003 : Messedesign Jahrbuch 2002/2003, international
DESIGNING A STAND FOR LAUNCHING A PRODUCT TO AN INTERNATIONAL MARKET
The Spirits of England and France. 5 : Missa Veterem hominem
Handel's dramatic oratorios and masques
Guide to organizing an international scientific conference
Guide to a Successful Joint Fair Participation : Case Study: Airport Cluster Finland at Inter Airport Europe 2011
Housing Fair, Joensuu, Finland, 14.7.-13.8.1995
An Active Farnborough
Installations électriques des bâtiments = Electrical installations of buildings : CEI 364-7-711 = IEC 364-7-711. Partie 7-711 = Part 7-711, Régles pour les installations et emplacements spéciaux = Requirements for special installations or locations : Expositions, spectales et stands = Exhibitions, shows and stands
Abstract:.
Missa brevis : with english text for solo-quartet, choir and organ
Display, commercial space & sign design : Volume 31
Mass of the children
Misa Criolla : folk mass based on the rhythms and traditions of hispanic America : for mixed chorus and soloists with percussion, guitar and piano or harpsichord accompaniment
African sanctus
Designing the world's best exhibits
We come before you : the jazz mass
Display, commercial space and sign design : Volume 22
A choral tapestry
Choral music of
Life and breath : choral works
Exhibition and display
The important contribution of Heinrich Isaac (ca. 1455-1517) to polyphonic settings of the proper of the mass has long been recognised. The monumental posthumously published collection of his work in the genre, the Choralis Constantinus, was considered as a landmark even in the sixteenth century. Isaac's striking cultivation of polyphonic mass proper settings has its roots in his task, as Hofcomponist to Emperor Maximilian I, of building a musical repertoire for the Imperial court chapel. The repertoire he created awakened a demand for analogous music at other European courts and institutions and led, in 1508, to the commissioning of an extraordinary series of proper cycles from him by the authorities of Constance cathedral.
Messedesign : Jahrbuch 1999 = Trade fair design : annual 1999
Mass : a theatre piece for singers, players and dancers
Exhibit marketing and trade show intelligence : successful boothmanship and booth design
The purpose of this thesis was to produce a guide to a successful joint fair participation for the use of the commissioning organization Airport Cluster Finland, which exhibited at Inter Airport Europe 2011 with 12 of its member companies. The purpose of the guide was to analyze the joint fair participation at Inter Airport Europe 2011, present suggestions for improvement, and therefore help Airport Cluster Finland in the future joint fair participations. The theoretical framework was based on Kotler's (2006) traditional marketing mix and Lovelock's (2009) extended marketing mix for services. The focus was especially on the promotion component. In addition, the concepts of relationship marketing and branding were briefly discussed before finally focusing on trade fair intelligence. The research methodology during the study was qualitative. The research methods included a case study (Inter Airport Europe 2011) and observation during the event. In addition eight interviews with the Airport Cluster Finland co-exhibitors were conducted to find out their satisfaction in the joint fair participation. As a result of analyzing the data, a guide to a successful joint fair participation was produced.  The findings showed that a successful joint fair participation requires careful planning, cooperative implementation and certain follow-up procedures after the fair. There are several challenges related to a joint fair participation. However, according to the co-exhibitor interviews, the joint fair participation still brings more benefits than challenges. Trade fair exhibitors learn from each joint fair participation i.e. increase their trade fair intelligence, and therefore are able to perform even better in each upcoming trade fair.  In conclusion, it can be stated that a joint fair participation is a good and attractive option, especially for small and medium sized companies, which otherwise would not necessarily have the resources to participate in trade fairs individually. Joint fair participation is challenging, but it can be extremely beneficial when the strengths and assets lying within joint efforts are utilized effectively.
Exhibiting as a marketing tool - case: Nokia in "infobalt 2001" trade show
Laus angelica : poetry in the medieval mass
The 50 greatest pieces of classical music
Meetings, expositions, events, and conventions : an introduction to the industry
Exhibitor satisfaction research : case: Free Time -exhibition
Exhibit design 3 : trade show graphics
Requiem . Opus 45 : for soprano & baritone soli, SATB & orchestra
Missa luba : mass in Congolese style for  mixed chorus with tenor soloist and percussion
Abstract: Trade shows as a part of marketing communication strategy in Russia : case study Abloy.
Mass in F Major, D 105
Eventdesign Jahrbuch 2010 2011 = Event design yearbook 2010 2011
A Ceremony of carols
Abstract: Customer satisfaction survey of Oras products.
Exhibitions and trade shows : the step-by-step guide to making a profit from exhibitioning
Mass for Christian Unity : SATB Choir, congregation and organ
Creative booth design 2 : a collection of strongest idea booths
Living voices and other choral works
Contemporary exhibit design
Mass in f minor
The Dartnell Sales Promotion Handbook
Jyväskylä Paviljonki and it's impact on tourism in Jyväskylä
ARTHELSINKI10 : Helsingin nykytaidemessut : Helsinki contemporary art fair = ARTHELSINKI
Theatre Works. Vol. II
SME company ́s participation to international trade fair
Public relations marketing : making a splash without much cash
Holland's annual industries fair, Utrecht
From the vaults of Westminster Cathedral : a procession of chant & polyphony from Advent to Christmas & the Epiphany and presentation of our Lord
New Hope Jazz Mass
MACHAUT'S MASS : AN INTRODUCTION
The Viennese concerted mass of the early classic period
Petite messe solennelle : for soli, chorus, harmonium and piano = für Chor, Harmonium und Klavier
Organising and improving a trade fair : case: Pro Agria Farma
Exhibiting at tradeshows
I am the true vine
Who are these angels? : new choral music
The Mess We Made
Exhibition stands
Taverner & Tudor Music I : The Western Wind
International conferences and exhibitions in Finland 1997-2004
Display, commercial space & sign design : Volume 26
Misa criolla : folk mass based on the rhythms and traditions of hispanic America : for mixed chorus and soloists with percussion, guitar and piano or harpsichord accompaniment : spanish and english texts
How to get the most out of trade shows
Atelier Brückner : "form follows content"
The Complete Works. Volume 2, Music at the Reformation
Eternal light : Music of inner peace
Exhibition Halls
Tour salon '93 : Międzynarodowy salon turystyczny : International exhibition of tourism : Internationale Fachausstellung für Tourismus : 25-28.10.1993 Poznań
Mass No 3 in d minor : Lord Nelson Mass :  for soli, chorus,    orchestra and organ obbligato with Latin and English text
Maximising the effects of trade fairs
The role of exhibitions in the marketing mix : UFI online course
History of the mass
Profit from exhibitions and trade fairs
How to organize effective conferences and meetings
Role and effectiveness of international trade shows for SME internationalization : from a network perspective
Companies & products at SPCI
To hope!: a celebration
Ode for the Birthday of Queen Anne ; Anthem for the Foundling Hospital
Mass in G minor
User engagement at jyväskylä paviljonki trade fair center : cases FinnGraf 2009, Electricity, Telecommunications, Light & Audio Visual 2010 and Tekniikka 2010
ArtHelsinki : Helsingin nykytaidemessut Helsingin messukeskus, 14.-18. syyskuuta 2011 = Helsinki Contemporary Art Fair Helsinki Exhibition and Convention Centre 14-18 September 2011
Exhibition techniques : traveling and temporary
The design of educational exhibits
Art Basel Miami Beach : the international art show = la exposicion internacional de arte, [2-5 Dec 2010]
Importing home decorating accessories from India to Finland
ArtHelsinki 10 : Helsingin nykytaidemessut : Helsingin Messukeskus 1. - 5.9.2010 = ArtHelsinki : Helsinki contemporary art fair : Helsinki Exhibition And Convention Centre 1-5 September 2010.
Display, commercial space and sign design : Volume 24
East African Tourism Opportunities for the Finnish Market: Development of Joint Marketing Strategy for the Nordic Travel Fair 2013.
Build a better trade show image : establishing brand by designing a  dynamic exhibit experience
Mass for Christian Unity : unison with organ accompaniment
The Music of William Lloyd Webber
Habitare, the Helsinki furniture and interior fair
Trade shows as a part of marketing communication strategy in Russia : case study Abloy
Improving the marketing of a targeted trade fair event in Europe : case: Safety and Security Fair 2004
The architect as stand designer : building exhibitions 1895-1983
Heinrich Isaac and polyphony for the proper of the mass in the Late Middle Ages and the Renaissance
Current issues in convention and exhibition facility development
Excellence in exhibit and event design
The official point of view
