http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4895 tariffs
tariffs
Trade barriers in export of Finnish goods to Russian Federation
The customs tariff of Finland : (draft)
War, wine, and taxes : the political economy of Anglo-French trade, 1689-1900
Essays on strategic trade policy, multinational enterprises and vertically related industries
International trade law and the GATT/WTO dispute settlement system
Practical guide to the use of the European Communities' scheme of generalized tariff preferences
Reference tariffs for goods transport
The customs law of the People's Republic of China = Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo haiguan fa
Vertically integrated enterprises and strategic trade policy
Forwarding guide for Nokia Finland
Real-time electricity tariff system for retail market
The free trade agreement between the European Union and the Rebublic of Chile : the effect on Chilean fresh fruit industry
Agricultural policy reform in the WTO
Water consumption and limitations for effective operations in the Leningrad region water sector : comparing findings from Finland, Latvia, Lithuania and Russia
Limits to free trade : non-tariff barriers in the European Union, Japan and United States
Tariffs and trade in Western Europe : a report
The law and policy of the World Trade Organization : text, cases, and materials
Dispute settlement at the WTO : the developing country experience
Community customs law : a guide to the customs rules on trade between the (enlarged) EU and third countries, with value added tax upon importation and exportation
Survey of the logistic factors in the TSR-railway operation : "what TSR-station masters think about the Trans-Siberian?"
The customs law of the European economic community
Institutions and trade policy
The political economy of the world trading system : the WTO and beyond
Explanatory notes to the customs tariff of the European Communities
A handbook on the GATS agreement
Tariffs and the East Asian financial crisis
Explanatory notes to the combined nomenclature of the European Communities : 1991 edition
The theory of trade policy reform
Market access under the World Trade Organization : identifying sensitive agricultural products in the EU
Material, mental, and moral progress : American conceptions of civilization in late 19th century studies on "things Chinese and Japanese"
Measuring the costs of protection in China
Essays in trade in services : difficulties and possibilities
Customs valuation
EC customs law
The new rules of global trade : a guide to the World Trade Organization
Modelling of changes in electricity end-use and their impacts on electricity distribution
Finance policy for renewable energy and a sustainable environment
Renewable energy policy convergence in the EU : the evolution of feed-in tariffs in Germany, Spain and France
Tariffs in world seafood trade
An evaluation of the economic welfare implications of removing tariffs and export subsidies on the European Union cereal market
Classification of chemicals in the customs tariff of the European Communities. Vol. 3, Alphabetical list (in English)
World tariff profiles
The manifestations of preferential trade : rules of origin and customs tariffs
Dispute settlement in the World Trade Organization : practice and procedure
The purpose of this thesis was to increase the efficiency of Nokia's logistic specialists. The main objectives were to increase the number of direct clearances and to decrease the amount of amendments and complaints. Direct clearances means that the whole customs declaration has been handled without the consignee's participation. In Nokia's case this means that a forwarding agency handles the whole customs clearance. The practical part of this thesis includes a forwarding guide and the theoretical part describes import activities in general and more detailed information that is introduced in the guide. The information for this thesis has been gathered by observing and interviewing relevant employees at Nokia and DHL. The stages of this thesis were preparation, monitoring and analyzing the gathered information. Preparation included the making of the guide. The monitoring period lasted for five months and after that the development had to be analyzed. The guide is a separate Excel worksheet but the thesis includes some pictures and other information taken from the guide. The theoretical part creates a frame for the guide and opens up the terms used in the guide. The last part of the thesis concentrates on results and conclusions, including some future plans. The results for this thesis were notable. All the goals were reached and all the parties were satisfied with the results.
The law, economics and politics of retaliation in WTO dispute settlement
The world trading system : law and policy of international economic relations
