http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4897 sermons
sermons
The same church in all directions : Lutheran identity and ecumenism : to the honor of Archbishop emeritus John Vikström on his 80th birthday October 1st 2011
Design for preaching
Miscellaneous sermons by European Laestadian ministers and lay-speakers
Approaching the Bible in medieval England
Preaching & teaching with imagination : the quest for biblical ministry
The homilies of Saint Gregory Palamas. Vol. 1, Homilies I-XXI
Pastoral counseling and preaching : a quest for integrated ministry
Take me to the water : Immersion baptism in vintage music and photography 1890-1950
The sea-mans obligations to gratitude and a good life : a sermon preach'd in the Parish-Church of Deptford, in Kent, June 5. 1699. before the corporation of the Trinity-house
Counsels from the Holy Mountain
"Strategies for Preaching Paul provides preachers with three strategies for preaching the Pauline readings in the Sunday Lectionary for Mass during Ordinary Time. The first shows preachers how to make use of the historical and literary background to the text. The second shows them how to interpret the text within its wider literary context. The final strategy suggests the important theological themes that should be preached".
Jacob of Sarug's Homily on Jephthah's daughter
This volume explores the richness of Middle English and Latin material in prose and verse, concerning the preaching of the word of God in late medieval England. The focus of this volume, on Middle English and Latin material in prose and verse, concerns the preaching of the word of God in an expansive sense in late medieval England. This collection of essays explores the multiple ways in which the sermon in England in the later Middle Ages both influenced and was influenced by other devotional and didactic material, both implicitly and explicitly. The essays pay special attention to examples of textual complexity in the sermon as manifested in the manuscript and early printed traditions. By examining sermon technique and methodology contributors present related material that either travels alongside sermons or shares the same preaching or teaching milieu.
The pulpit and the press in Reformation Italy
Care-full preaching : from sermon to caring community
"Salvation from unhappines by doing one's best" : a rhetorical analysis on Joel Osteen's sermons in the light of the US culture and values
An old way of ending new controversies : in a sermon preached to the comptroller, and the rest of the gentlemen of the honourable Society of the Inner-Temple: on Sunday the 8th of January 1681/2
Nicholas of Cusa's Brixen sermons and late medieval church reform
Gems from the Sunday Gospels in the Orthodox Church : talks based on the yearly cycle of Sunday Gospel lessons. Vol. 2, July through December
Gendered identities in Bernard of Clairvaux's Sermons on the Song of Songs : performing the bride
Preaching and the Personal' is a collection of papers that have been presented at the Society of Biblical Literature in sessions sponsored by the Homiletics and Biblical Studies section. The Homiletics and Biblical Studies section encourages dialogue among scholars in both fields who share an interest in critical exegesis, its various methods, and the unique hermeneutical and theological problems inherent to the relationship between biblical interpretation and proclamation. The concept for this book began with the panel discussion ''Preaching and the Personal: Prophecy, Witness and Testimony'' at the 2010 meeting in Atlanta. Each paper explores various ways the personal can be found in the biblical text, in the preacher, and in the congregation.
Preaching and political society : from Late Antiquity to the end of the Middle Ages = depuis l'Antiquité tardive jusqu'à la fin du Moyen Âge
A sermon : preach'd at Cotenham, near Cambridge, on the 9th of September, 1683, being the day set apart for publick thanksgivings for the deliverance of His Sacred Majesty and the Government fron the late treasonable conspiracy
This book looks at the role of preaching culture in eighteenth-century England. Beyond the confines of churches, preaching was heard at political anniversaries and elections, thanksgiving and fast days, and society and charity meetings, all of which were major occasions on the English political and social calendars. Dozens of sermons were published each year, and the popularity of sermons, both from the pulpit and in print, make them crucial for understanding the role of religion in eighteenth-century society. To provide a broad perspective on preaching culture, this book focuses on print and manuscript evidence for preaching in London. The book also explores the impact of sermons on society by looking at contemporary perceptions of preaching, trends in the publication of sermons, the process of the publication and the distribution of sermons, and the reception of sermons.
Preaching? : simple teaching on simply preaching
Strategies for preaching Paul
The cross stands, while the world turns : homilies for the cycles of the year
The art of storytelling : easy steps to presenting an unforgettable story
The reasonableness and necessity of unity, and the evil of shism : in a sermon preached at St. Mary's Church in the Savoy, on sunday the eleventh of June, 1710
Nahjul balagha : sermons, letters and sayings of Imam Ali
The homilies of Proclus are a valuable source for the christological issues of the fifth century and formed an important basis for the subsequent formulation of the orthodox faith at Chalcedon in 451, yet they have not received as much attention as the works of Cyril of Alexandria. For the first time in English the twenty-seven homilies of Proclus that deal with the life of Christ are presented.
Waiting for the end of the world : images of doomsday in English homilies around the year 1000
John Donne's 1622 Gunpowder Plot sermon : a parallel-text edition
A spittle sermon : preach'd in St. Brides parish-church, on Wednesday in Easter week, being the second day of April, 1684. before the right honourable the lord mayor, the Court of Aldermen, and the sheriffs of the now protestant, and loyal, City of London
Children of the heav'nly king : religious expression in the central blue ridge
The homilies of St John Chrysostom : provenance : reshaping the foundations
What does a theologian say to young preachers in the early 1930s, at the dawn of the Third Reich? What Karl Barth did say, how he said it, and why he said it at that time and place are the subject of Angela Dienhart Hancock's book. This is the story of how a preaching classroom became a place of resistance in Germany in 1932-33 -- a story that has not been told in its fullness. In that emergency situation, Barth took his students back to the fundamental questions about what preaching is and what it is for, returning again and again to the affirmation of the Godness of God, the only ground of resistance to ideological captivity. No other text has so interpreted Barth's "Exercises in Sermon Preparation" in relation to their theological, political, ecclesiastical, academic, and rhetorical context. - Publisher.
The weight of glory : and other addresses
Revival preachers and politics in thirteenth-century Italy : the great devotion of 1233
"Rhetoric and Rhythm in Byzantium takes a fresh look at rhetorical rhythm and its theory and practice, highlighting the close affinity between rhythm and argument. Based on material from Byzantine and Old Church Slavonic homilies and from Byzantine rhetorical commentaries, the book redefines and expands our understanding of both Byzantine and Old Church Slavonic prose rhythm. It positions rhetorical rhythm at the intersection of prose and poetry and explores its role in argumentation and persuasion, suggesting that rhetorical rhythm can carry across linguistic boundaries, and in general aims to demonstrate the stylistic and argumentative importance of rhythm in rhetorical practice. Along the way, it challenges the entrenched separation between content and style and emphasizes the role of rhythm as a tool of invention and a means of creating shared emotional experience"--
Sawles Warde
The spontaneous sermon as a personal narrative
Once upon a gospel : inspiring homilies and insightful reflections
Christianization and communication in late antiquity : John Chrysostom and his congregation in Antioch
A complete word-index to the Speculum Ecclesiae (Early Middle High German and Latin) with a reverse index to the graphic forms
The person in the pulpit : preaching as caring
More glorious than the seraphim : early homilies and feasts in honor of Mary
Examines the audiences and languages of Dominican sermons in late medieval Italy. This book analyses how Latinate theological culture interacted with popular religious devotion. It assesses the role of vernacular theology. It defines vernacular theology as a form of theology that is based neither on a Latin scholastic model nor a monastic one.
Preaching the Gospel without easy answers
On the preparation and delivery of sermons
Miscellaneous sermons by Apostolic Lutheran ministers and lay-speakers
Jacob of Sarug's Homilies on women whom Jesus met
Language and style in Old English composite homilies
Angels and earthly creatures : preaching, performance, and gender in the later middle ages
De ore Domini : preacher and word in the Middle Ages
Meister Eckhart : teacher and preacher
Concise encyclopedia of preaching
The Oxford edition of the sermons of John Donne. Volume 5, Sermons preached at Lincoln's Inn, 1620-1623
Spurgeon's sermons
Light on the mountain : Greek Patristic and Byzantine homilies on the Transfiguration of the Lord
Transforming Preaching is a basic text for all those approaching the ministry of preaching for the first time. David Heywood roots preaching in a clear understanding of the nature and authority of the word of God; explains how people listen, learn and grow in the Christian life and provides clear guidelines on how to construct a sermon. The reader is also challenged to think beyond the traditional monologue approach to preaching and the book includes a guide to the principles involved in interactive preaching. This new title in the SPCK Library of Ministry series provides a firm foundation on which to grow and develop the reader's preaching skills and will also serve as a useful refresher for those who want to reflect on their ministry.
Preaching : an essential guide
Gospel, church, and ministry
God's human speech : a practical theology of proclamation
Sermon studies and Buddhism : a case study of Sri Lankan preaching
Preaching : communicating faith in an age of skepticism
A reader on preaching : making connections
John Chrysostom and the transformation of the city
The preacher : 1656
Scholarship has recognized fifteenth-century speculative thinker Nicholas of Cusa for his early contributions to conciliar theory, but not his later ecclesiastical career as cardinal, residential bishop, preacher, and reformer. Richard Serina shows that, as bishop in the Tyrolese diocese of Brixen from 1452 to 1458, and later as resident cardinal in Rome, Nicolas of Cusa left a testament to his view of reform in the sermons he preached to monks, clergy, and laity. These 171 sermons, in addition to his Reformatio generalis of 1459, reflect an intellectual coming to terms with the challenge of reform in the late medieval church, and in response creatively incorporating metaphysics, mystical theology, ecclesiology, and personal renewal into his preaching of reform.
From prophecy to preaching : a search for the origins of the Christian homily
Sermo doctorum : compilers, preachers and their audiences in the early medieval west
Wider than heaven : eighth-century homilies on the Mother of God
A relevant word : communicating the Gospel to seekers
Modern questions about medieval sermons : essays on marriage, death, history and sanctity
Medieval sermons and society : cloister, city, university : proceedings of international symposia at Kalamazoo and New York
The necessity of a lawful ministry : a sermon preaches at Horncastle in Lincolnshire at the visitation of the reverend the Arcdeacon of Lincoln
Broken words : reflections on the craft of preaching
A study of selected speech acts in a sample of present-day English sermons
God's Court: wherein the dignity and duty of judges and magistrates, is shew'd in a sermon preached at the Assises held at Kingston upon Thames July 26. 1683
Cadences of home : preaching among exiles
The hardest sermons you'll ever have to preach : help from trusted preachers for tragic times
Performance in preaching : bringing the sermon to life
In this analysis of Bernard of Clairvaux's famous 'Sermons on the Song of Songs', gendered imagery is treated, for the first time, as an interpretative key. Through close readings of Bernard's text and through the rich array of recent medieval studies on sex and gender, this book challenges familiar interpretations of body, gender, and asceticism, disrupting the commonplace view of medieval monasticism as desexualized and un-gendered. Bernard not only interprets, but also embodies or actualizes the figure of the bride, generating images of celibacy as erotic pleasure and monks as fecund and female. Through his performance, Bernard provides a hermeneutical model on which he patterns himself and his audience, the Cistercian choir monk. By analyzing the rhetorical functions of Bernard's female self-representation, the author explores how complex and varied female images in the text are absorbed into the bridal role – lactating mother, ecstatic virgin, weeping widow, needy girl. By appropriating femaleness, Bernard transformed the Cistercian cloister into an inverted world that anticipated eschatological restoration and salvation. In this parallel monastic reality, the book argues, males performed all parts while gender hierarchy was upheld to establish notions of superior and inferior, worldly and heavenly, humility and sublimity. The male-female duality in this language is not one of equality, but was rather forged into a hermeneutical hierarchy in which, ultimately, a fully Christomimetic man both appropriates and negates femaleness.
Way of unification
Speculum sermonis : interdisciplinary reflections on the medieval sermon
The epistemic power of metaphor: a rhetorical model for homiletics
Liturgical preaching : contemporary essays
Preaching in Hitler's shadow : sermons of resistance in the Third Reich
Ælfric's catholic homilies : the first series text
A sermon preached before the King at White-Hall, March 18. 1655/6
"Preaching as a Carnivalesque Dialogue – between the 'Wholly Other' and 'Other-Wise' Listeners" explores the genre of preaching in light of theories of dialogicity and carnivalization developed by Mikhail Bakhtin. The Bakhtinian approach to preaching evokes ways in which historical acts and embodied experiences are transcribed in literary genres. The theories of carnivalization manifest the dynamic, other-oriented, interaction between reflexive texts and embodied acts. Experiences of otherness and difference play a central role in human communication as well as in theological descriptions of the relationship between God and humans. One of the central aims of this book is to explore ways in which 'others', different from the designated preacher, influence contemporary preaching practices and in that sense can be seen as co-authors. As material for this investigation the book provides analyses of four theologians who have contributed significantly to contemporary homiletical developments, namely those of the American homileticians Charles Campbell, John S. McClure, and James H. Harris and the Danish Systematic Theologian, Svend Bjerg. The homiletical analyses lead to the thesis, that the dialogical encounter between author, and addressees, analyzer and analyzed, is one of the conditions of interpretation and communication rather than a disturbance. The communication theoretical and practical theological analyses are discussed in light of Kierkegaard's, Barth's and Jüngel's emphasis on the 'qualitative difference' between God and humans. These concluding reflections suggest ways in which inter-human otherness can function as a dynamically conjoining rather than mutually exclusive difference between God as the 'Wholly Other' and 'other-wise' humans.
John Calvin on the visions of Ezekiel : historical and hermeneutical studies in John Calvin's "Sermons inédits", especially on Ezek. 36-48
Why, o Lord? : psalms and sermons from Namibia
Preaching like a woman
A sermon preach'd in the Parish Church of St. Andrews Holbourn, june 8. 1704. being thursday in Whitson-week
Rhetoric and rhythm in Byzantium : the sound of persuasion
The way for a true child
Old Testament homilies. Vol. 2, Homilies on Isaiah and Jeremiah
What is changing in eucharistic practice?
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 93, Sermons
Homilies on Numbers
Jacob of Sarug's homily on the creation of Adam and the resurrection of the dead
How to preach without notes
Homilies on the Song of Songs
Ælfric's catholic homilies : introduction, commentary and glossary
A history of preaching
Of spiritual rule : a sermon preach'd at the primary visitation of the right reverend father in God Jonathan lord bishop of Winton, august 26. 1708. at Newport in the Isle of Wight
Visually speaking : radio and the renaissance of preaching
"Rooted in a clear understanding of the indispensable authority of God's word, Transforming Preaching provides a wealth of practical wisdom and advice for anyone approaching the task of preaching for the first time. It also serves as a useful refresher for all who want to increase the effectiveness of their preaching ministry. Basing his advice on the latest research into the way people listen, learn and grow in the Christian life, David Heywood looks at ways of constructing and delivering more successful sermons, while also providing a stimulating guide to the principles and benefits of interactive preaching." --Publisher's description.
The reading and preaching of the scriptures in the worship of the Christian church. Vol. 6, The modern age
John Donne's performances : sermons, poems, letters and Devotions
In season and out of season : a collection of sermons
The primacy of the postils : Catholics, Protestants, and the dissemination of ideas in early modern Germany
Setting words on fire : putting God at the center of the sermon
Sinners in the hands of an angry God
The necessary context of prophetic preaching, Walter Brueggemann argues, is a contestation between narratives: the dominant narrative of our time, which promoting self-sufficiency at the national level (through militarism) and the personal (through consumerism), and the countervailing narrative of a world claimed by a God who is gracious, uncompromisingand real. In previous work Brueggemann has pointed us again and again to the indispensability of imagination. Here he writes for those who bear responsibility for regular proclamation in communities of faith, describing the discipline of a prophetic imagination that is unflinchingly realistic and unwaveringly candid.
The primitive rule before the Reformation : or a sermon the Catholique way : with an exhortation in the afternoon upon that text of St. Math. XIX verf. XVI
"Trifling shews of learning"? : Code-switching in English seremons from the Lampeter corpus of Early Modern English tracts, 1640-1740
A vision of pastoral theology : in search of words that resurrect the dead
The future of preaching
Open to judgement : sermons and addresses
Against the easy assurance of a too-enculturated religion, Walter Brueggemann refocuses the preaching task around the decentering, destabilizing, always risky Word that confronts us in Scripture - if we have the courage to hear.
Luther's works. 69, Sermons on the Gospel of St. John, Chapters 17-20
The art of the American folk preacher
Mastering contemporary preaching
Unification family life
Transforming preaching : the sermon as a channel for God's word
Luther's works. Vol. 58, Sermons V
Preaching and the personal
Instructions & teachings for the American Orthodox Faithful (1898-1907)
Walking on thorns : the call to Christian obedience
Humanism, scholasticism, and the theology and preaching of Domenico de' Domenichi in the Italian Renaissance
The cult of the saints
What shall we say? : evil, suffering, and the crisis of faith
Festal orations
A single drum sings no song : "Engoma emoi tegamba mulango" : preaching as a dialogic event in a culture of oral tradition : research into the contents and structure of Lutheran preaching in northwestern Tanzania
Pilgrim and preacher : the audiences and observant spirituality of friar Felix Fabri (1437/8-1502)
The folly of preaching : models and methods
Thinking about preaching
Old Testament homilies. Vol. 3, Homilies on the Psalms
Preaching Jesus : new directions for homiletics in Hans Frei's postliberal theology
A sermon preach'd before the Honourable Company of Merchants trading to the Levant-Seas : at St. Peter-Poor, Dec. 15. 1695
The God of Jesus Christ : meditations on God in the Trinity
The word militant : preaching a decentering word
Strength to love
As one without authority
Adventures in the unseen : the silent witness. Vol. 1, Harare, Zimbabwe, 2000
Alive to the word : a practical theology of preaching for the whole church
The primitive Christian justified, and Jack Presbyter reproved, or, a scripture, demonstration, that to be innocent and perfecuted, is more eligible than to be prosperously wicked : delivered in a sermon in the Abby-Church of Bath
Vernacular theology : Dominican sermons and audience in late medieval Italy
A sermon preached before the right honoutrable the lord mayor, aldermen and citizen of London, at S. Mary-le-Bow on the fifth of Novermber, 1680
Preacher of grace : a critical reappraisal of Augustines doctrine of grace in his Sermones ad populum on liturgical feasts and during the Donatist controversy
Speculum pastorale; or, the duty of pastors and people in times of prevailing defections : in a sermon preached at St. Mary's Church in the Savoy on sunday the twelfth say of March 1709/10
Franciscans and preaching : every miracle from the beginning of the world came about through words
Spiritual gems from the Gospel of Matthew
The reformation of faith in the context of late medieval theology and piety : essays by Berndt Hamm
Preaching
What did German preachers opposed to Hitler say in their Sunday sermons? When the truth of Christ could cost a pastor his life, what words encouraged and challenged him and his congregation? This book answers those questions. Preaching in Hitler's Shadow begins with a fascinating look at Christian life inside the Third Reich, giving readers a real sense of the danger that pastors faced every time they went into the pulpit. Dean Stroud pays special attention to the role that language played in the battle over the German soul, pointing out the use of Christian language in opposition to Nazi rhetoric. The second part of the book presents thirteen well-translated sermons by various select preachers, including Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Karl Barth, Rudolf Bultmann, and others not as well known but no less courageous. A running commentary offers cultural and historical insights, and each sermon is preceded by a short biography of the preacher.
Dialogical preaching : Bakhtin, otherness and homiletics
Cry of the spirit : [unpublished sermons by Smith Wigglesworth]
Augustine of Hippo (354-430) became known as the 'doctor of grace'. He developed his theory of divine grace mainly in his systematic treatises directed against the Pelagians (ca. 411-430). Did he however also preach about this complex, and at first sight 'demoralizing', issue in his sermons to the people? In his previous book (BSCH 59), Anthony Dupont studied the profile of the treatment of gratia in the anti-Pelagian sermones ad populum. In a Preacher of Grace Dupont offers an account of the presence of the theme of grace in Augustine's sermones not situated in the Pelagian controversy. He first studies sermons preached on important liturgical feasts, which belong to the (non-polemical) pastoral preaching genre. They are distributed throughout the 40 years of Augustine's preaching activity, and are Christological in content and moralising in intention. Secondly, he examines sermons situated in the Donatist controversy, preceding the anti-Pelagian sermons chronologically and differing from them in terms of content. This research provides a global picture of the presence and treatment of gratia in Augustine's sermones and clarifies the interaction between context, audience and preaching genre on the one hand, and the theme of grace as a whole on the other. It also contributes to the debate on (dis)continuity in Augustine's thought on grace.
Preaching the word of God
In praise of Saint Paul
An orthodox Old English homiliary? : Aelfric's view on apocryphal acts of the apostles
On preaching : personal & pastoral insights for the preparation & practice of preaching
Preaching in eighteenth-century London
The images of light and darkness in the sermons of John Donne
Mystical anthropology : cross-religious perspectives : interdisciplinary reflections on the Arnhem mystical sermons and Sri Aurobindo
A sermon concerning the unity of the Divine Nature and the B. Trinity
Jeremiah's scribes : creating sermon literature in Puritan New England
Old Testament homilies. Vol. 1, Homilies on Hannah, David and Saul
Of patience and submission to autority : a sermon preach'd before the lord mayor and the Court of Aldermen at Guild-hall chapel, on the 27th of january, 1683/4
The practice of prophetic imagination : preaching an emancipatory word
Gems from the Sunday Gospels in the Orthodox Church : talks based on the yearly cycle of Sunday Gospel lessons. Vol. 1, January through June
The grammar of Good Friday : macaronic sermons of late medieval England
Sermons and rhetoric of Kievan Rus'
Gratia in Augustine's Sermones ad populum during the Pelagian controversy : do different contexts furnish different insights?
Reading for preaching : the preacher in conversation with storytellers, biographers, poets, and journalists
The open-air pulpit within the precincts of St. Paul's Cathedral known as 'Paul's Cross' can be reckoned among the most influential of all public venues in early-modern England. Between 1520 and the early 1640s, this pulpit and its auditory constituted a microcosm of the realm and functioned at the epicentre of events which radically transformed England's political and religious identities. Through cultivation of a sophisticated culture of persuasion, sermons at Paul's Cross contributed substantially to the emergence of an early-modern public sphere. This collection of 24 essays seeks to situate the institution of this most public of pulpits and to reconstruct a detailed history of some of the more influential sermons preached at Paul's Cross during this formative period. Contributors include: Thomas Dabbs, Ellie Gebarowski-Shafer, Cecilia Hatt, Roze Hentschell, Anne James, Gerard Kilroy, John N. King, Torrance Kirby, Bradford Littlejohn, Steven May, Natalie Mears, Mary Morrissey, David Neelands, Kathleen O'Leary, Mark Rankin, Angela Ranson, Richard Rex, John Schofield, Jeanne Shami, P.G. Stanwood, Susan Wabuda, John Wall, Ralph Werrell, and Jason Zuidema.
A mendicant sermon collection from composition to reception : the Novum opus dominicale of John Waldeby, OESA
Preaching in the Orthodox church : lectures and sermons by a priest of the Holy Orthodox Church
A repertorium of Middle English prose sermons
The best writing is relevant for every age. C. S. Lewis reminded us that we must always read books from different eras, to avoid our own generation's blind spots. That is why these articles by Professor T. F. Torrance, Scotland's world famous theologian, merit reading. These particular articles focus on the topics of church and ministry in light of the gospel of Christ. They have been selected, first, because they illustrate how "TF" understood his work as an academic theologian to be the calling of an evangelist to the church and to the intellectual life of the day, and, second, because they are on the whole more accessible to the average reader. The Introduction by Jock Stein relates the different chapters to the overall work of "TF," the development of his thought, and to the events of his time.
Paul's Cross and culture of persuasion in England, 1520-1640
Preaching the word in manuscript and print in late medieval England : essays in honour of Susan Powell
The Dean and his God : John Donne's concept of the Divine
Chaucer and medieval preaching : rhetoric for listeners in sermons and poetry
Karl Barth's emergency homiletic, 1932-1933 : a summons to prophetic witness at the dawn of the third Reich
Preaching and pastoral care
On the human condition
Homilies on the life of Christ
