http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4893 stage lighting design
stage lighting design
Painting with light
An introduction to light and lighting
Introduction to stage lighting : the fundamentals of theatre lighting design
Basic photography
Electricity for the entertainment electrician & technician
Lighting for Animation is designed with one goal in mind - to make you a better artist. Over the course of the book, Jasmine Katatikarn and Michael Tanzillo (Senior Lighting TDs, Blue Sky Studios) will train your eye to analyze your work more critically, and teach you approaches and techniques to improve your craft. Focusing on the main philosophies and core concepts utilized by industry professionals, this book builds the foundation for a successful career as a lighting artist in visual effects and computer animation. Inside you'll find in-depth instruction on: Creating mood and storytelling through lighting, Using light to create visual shaping, Directing the viewer's eye with light and color, Gathering and utilizing reference images, Successfully lighting and rendering workflows, Render layers and how they can be used most effectively, Specific lighting scenarios, including character lighting, environment lighting, and lighting an animated sequence, Material properties and their work with lighting, Compositing techniques essential for a lighter, A guide on how to start your career and achieve success as a lighting artist. This book is not designed to teach software packages - there are websites, instructional manuals, online demos, and traditional courses available to teach you how to operate specific computer programs. That type of training will teach you how to create an image; this book will teach you the technical skills you need to make that image beautiful.
Let there be light : entertainment lighting software pioneers in conversation
Lighting for product photography : step-by-step guide to sculpting with light
Basics : a beginner's guide to lighting design
Night shots
Imaginative bodies : dialogues in performance practices
CIE guide to increasing accessibility in light and lighting : vision data and design considerations for better visibility and ligthing for older people and people with disabilities
Stage lighting : the technician's guide : an on-the-job reference tool : plus DVD video resources
Lighting design : a perception-based approach
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
The art of light on stage : lighting in contemporary theatre
This revised edition of the successful primer thoroughly covers fundamentals of lighting design, and also serves as a handy reference for professional designers. The Fifth Edition is more comprehensive than ever, with new information on LED, energy efficiency, and other current issues. In addition, it includes more information for drawing ceiling floor plans and the application of designs to specific types of interiors projects. Considered a "key reference" for the Lighting Certified exam, no other text combines both technical and creative aspects of lighting design for beginners and novice designers.
Fading light : a year in retirement
Essential CG lighting techniques with 3ds Max
Television production handbook
Motion picture and video lighting
Fundamentals of lighting
Lighting + sound international
Focus on lighting technology
Conducting light
Stage lighting design : a practical guide
Shedding some light
Stage lighting step by step : basic techniques to achieve professional results
Residential lighting : a practical guide to beautiful and sustainable design
Stage lighting design : the art, the craft, the life
Studio photography and lighting : art and techniques
Scrivere con la luce = Writing with light. 1, La luce = The light
Designing with light : an introduction to stage lighting
The ABC of stage lightning
Projection for the performing arts
The stage lighting handbook
Concert lighting : techniques, art, and business
Dance with northern lights
The automated lighting programmer's handbook
Charles Clarke's professional cinematography
Concert theater : a suggestion for a new style of music performance
Technical theater for nontechnical people
Basics of video lighting
Lighting the stage : art and practice
On performing lights
The Art of Light on Stage is the first history of theatre lighting design to bring the story right up to date. In this extraordinary volume, award-winning designer Yaron Abulafia explores the poetics of light, charting the evolution of lighting design against the background of contemporary performance. The book looks at the material and the conceptual; the technological and the transcendental. Never before has theatre design been so vividly and excitingly illuminated. The book examines the evolution of lighting design in contemporary theatre through an exploration of two fundamental issues: 1. What gave rise to the new directions in lighting design in contemporary theatre? 2. How can these new directions be viewed within the context of lighting design history? The study then focuses on the phenomenological and semiotic aspects of the medium for light – the role of light as a performer, as the medium of visual perception and as a stimulus for imaginative representations – in selected contemporary theatre productions by Robert Wilson, Romeo Castellucci, Heiner Goebbels, Jossi Wieler and David Zinder. This ground-breaking book will be required reading for anyone concerned with the future of performance.
Imaginative Bodies contains a series of in-depth conversations with dancers and choreographers, composers, visual artists, Hip Hop artists, dramaturgs, a lighting designer and a puppeteer. The overall theme is defined by the body, both in relation to the place it takes in the artist's work, and in relation to wider debates on the body in philosophy, science, medicine, anthropology, and the arts. Depending on the affinities of the artist, a more specific theme has been defined for each dialogue, ranging from poetics to politics, from mythology to ecology, from intercultural studies to conflict management. The associative chains of thoughts of these talks give an intimate insight into the creative process, inspirations, sources, identity, and ways of collaborating. It is through the sentient body that we experience, know and imagine. Imaginative Bodies reaffirms the central position of the body in many artistic practices.
Light and colour filters
Theatre engineering and stage machinery
Light fantastic : the art and design of stage lighting
Vectorworks for entertainment design : using Vectorworks to design and document scenery, lighting, and sound
Architectural lighting
Stage lighing : fundamentals and applications
Professional lighting design : magazine for professional lighting design - German edition
Lighting techniques for theatre-in-the-round
Lighting for digital video and television
Theatre lighting in the age of gas
Film lighting : talks with Hollywood's cinematographers and gaffer
IESNA lighting education : intermediate level
Lighting for glamour
Adolphe Appia : theatre artist
Theatrical design and production : an introduction to scene design and construction, lighting, sound, costume, and makeup
Dare to light : how to explain a light bulb
Good lighting for offices and office buildings
Theatre and performance design : a reader in scenography
Teaching introduction to theatrical design : a process-based syllabus in costumes, scenery, and lighting
This guide helps lighting designers with the creative and operational challenges they face in their rapidly evolving industry. Providing respected and clear coverage of the process of programming automated lighting fixtures, the author brings the designer from basic principles to preproduction preparations. Concepts, procedures, and guidelines to ensure a successful production are covered as well as troubleshooting, much needed information on work relationships, and technology including LED lighting, console networking, digital lighting, and more. Chapters are peppered with advice and war stories from some of the most prominent lighting designers of today.
Throughout history, scenography has played a significant role in theatre, always drawing upon the latest technologies of manufacture and control. In the twenty-first century, it is fast becoming an artistic practice in its own right, engaging with audiences in varied ways. Christopher Baugh considers how change in scenographic identity has impacted upon the place and meaning of performance over the past 300 years. Thoroughly revised and updated, the second edition discusses: moving light technologies, the Internet as a platform of performance, urban scenography, scenography's role in the creation of memory, the development of scenography as a collaborative practice.
Light
Light in the dark
Stage lighting revealed : a design and execution handbook
The practical guide to photographic lighting : for film and digital photography
Stagecraft fundamentals : a guide and reference for theatrical production
Hearing the light : 50 years backstage
The assistant lighting designer's toolkit
Professional lighting design : magazine for professional lighting design - English edition
Dialogues with: Sue Buckmaster, Jonathan Burrows & Matteo Fargion, Rosemary Butcher, Dana Caspersen, Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui, Tim Etchells, Antony Gormley, Jonzi D & Soweto Kinch, Akram Khan, Ruth Little, Russell Maliphant & Michael Hulls, Alain Platel, Hofesh Shechter.
Electric shadows : an introduction to video and projection on stage
Careers in technical theater
Scene design and stage lighting
Unmasking theatre design : a designer's guide to finding inspiration and cultivating creativity
The new handbook of stage lighting graphics
The handbook of stage lighting
Tradition and innovation in theatre design : materials from the Cracow 2001 International Conference on Scenography
Hollywood lighting from the silent era to film noir
A spin around moving lights
Lighting for television and film
Teaching Introduction to Theatrical Design is a week-by-week guide that helps instructors who are new to teaching design, teaching outside of their fields of expertise, or looking for better ways to integrate and encourage non-designers in the design classroom. This book provides a syllabus to teach foundational theatrical design by illustrating process and application of the principals of design in costumes, sets, lights, and sound.
Gobos for image projection
Dysfashional : adventures in post-style
Film lighting : talks with Hollywood's cinematographers and gaffers
Special event production : the resources
Theatre, performance and technology : the development and transformation of scenography
Automated lighting : the art and science of moving light in theatre, live performance, and entertainment
Abstract.
Lighting for animation : the art of visual storytelling
Cue 80 : an anthology
Stage lighting for theatre designers
Matters of light & depth : creating memorable images for video, film, & stills through lighting
Dance production : design and technology
Light and emotions : exploring lighting cultures : conversations with lighting designers
Residential lighting design
Light on people
Film production
The lighting art : the aesthetics of stage lighting design
Scrivere con la luce = Writing with light. Parte seconda, I colori = Colors
Valon voimasta = Of the power of light
Discovering stage lighting
Rigging math made simple
Stage lighting controls
United states of consciousness
Create your own stage effects
A-Z of lighting terms
Concert sound and lighting systems
By reading this book, you will develop the skills to perceive a space and its contents in light, and be able to devise a layout of luminaires that will provide that lit appearance. Written by renowned lighting expert Christopher (Kit) Cuttle, the book: explains the difference between vision and perception, which is the distinction between providing lighting to make things visible, and providing it to influence the appearance of everything that is visible, demonstrates how lighting patterns generated by three-dimensional objects interacting with directional lighting are strongly influential upon how the visual perception process enables us to recognize object attributes, such as lightness, colourfulness, texture and gloss, reveals how a designer who understands the role of these lighting patterns in the perceptual process may employ them either to reveal, or to subdue, or to enhance the appearance of selected object attributes by creating appropriate spatial distributions of light, carefully explains calculational techniques and provides easy-to-use spreadsheets, so that layouts of lamps and luminaires are derived that can be relied upon to achieve the required illumination distributions. Practical lighting design involves devising three-dimensional light fields that create luminous hierarchies related to the visual significance of each element within a scene. By providing you with everything you need to develop a design concept - from the understanding of how lighting influences human perceptions of surroundings, through to engineering efficient and effective lighting solutions – Kit Cuttle instills in his readers a new-found confidence in lighting design.
Lighting for video
The Best magazine design : photography, illustration, infographics & digital
Entertainment design : scenery, lighting, and sound : with Vectorworks Spotlight : written with version 2013
Media servers for lighting programmers : a comprehensive guide to working with digital lighting
Automated lighting : the art and science of moving light in theatre, live performance, broadcast, and entertainment
This diploma work documents the establishment of Dare to Light as an education brand, created in 2010 with  an aim to help creative professionals effectively see and accept lighting as part of their art, work and life.  The performance piece Light Up Your Life is a roundup of our first revelations while researching the problems  of communicating technical information to creative minds. It is based on the observations done while creating  a series of lighting design workshops for non-technical professionals.  The show is a technical theatre performance in a festival format – extremely portable, with a duration of one  hour, targeting theatre professionals but entertaining enough for a anyone to enjoy.  The show evolved into a comedy piece about the everyday conflicts in a theatre environment that a lighting  designer might experience in their work life, accompanied by the presentation of the main workshop topics  conducted during our first year with Dare to Light.
Bullet proof ... I wish I was : the lighting & stage design of Andi Watson
Location lighting for television
Lighting & sound
Placing shadows : lighting techniques for video production
A practical guide to stage lighting
Interior lighting for designers
Lighting for digital video & television
Lighting design sourcebook : 600 solutions for residential and commercial spaces
Cinematography : a guide for film makers and film teachers
Still life and special effects photography : a guide to professional lighting techniques
Light on the subject : stage lighting for directors and actors - and the rest of us
Set lighting technician's handbook : film lighting equipment, practice, and electrical distripution
Lighting and the design idea
Light for art's sake : lighting for artworks and museum displays
IESNA lighting education : fundamental level
Stage lighting : practise and design
Provocative shots
Stage lighting in the boondocks : a layman's handbook of down-to-earth methods of lighting theatricals with limited resources
Black and white shots
Technical design solutions for theatre : the technical brief collection. Vol. 1
The art of photographic lighting
Performance lighting design : how to light for the stage, concerts, exhibitions and live events
Entertainment electronics
The first book in the industry tailored specifically for the entertainment professional, Vectorworks for Entertainment Design covers the ins and outs of Vectorworks software for lighting, scenic, and sound design. With a detailed look at the design process, from idea to development, to the documentation necessary for execution, Vectorworks for Entertainment Design will encourage you to create your own process and workflow through exercises that build on one another. The text stresses the process of developing an idea, visualizing it, and evolving it for presentation, documentation, or drafting. The author focuses on both the technical how-to and the art of design, giving you the tools you need to learn and then use the application professionally. Fully illustrated with step-by-step instructions, it contains inspirational work from Broadway, major regional companies, and non-theatrical, entertainment design.
The making of Eurovision Song Contest Athens
Every great design has its beginnings in a great idea, whether your medium of choice is scenery, costume, lighting, sound, or projections. Unmasking Theatre Design shows you how to cultivate creative thinking skills through every step of theatre design - from the first play reading to the finished design presentation. This book reveals how creative designers think in order to create unique and appropriate works for individual productions, and will teach you how to comprehend the nature of the design task at hand, gather inspiration, generate potential ideas for a new design, and develop a finished look through renderings and models. The exercises presented in this book demystify the design process by providing you with specific actions that will help you get on track toward fully-formed designs. Revealing the inner workings of the design process, both theoretically and practically, Unmasking Theatre Design will jumpstart the creative processes of designers at all levels, from student to professionals, as you construct new production designs.
Stage lighting
Yesterday's lights : a revolution reported
Stage lighting : step-by-step : the complete guide on setting the stage with light to get dramatic results
Miscellany of lighting & stagecraft
