http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4900 industrial revolution
industrial revolution industrialism
"Britain was the industrial and political powerhouse of the nineteenth century--the birthplace of the Industrial Revolution and the center of the largest empire of the time. With its broad imperial reach--and even broader indirect influence--Britain had a major impact on nineteenth-century material culture worldwide. Because British manufactured goods were widespread in British colonies and beyond, a more nuanced understanding of those goods can enhance the archaeological study of the people who used them far beyond Britain's shores. However, until recently archaeologists have given relatively little attention to such goods in Britain itself, thereby missing what is often revealing and useful contextual information for historical archaeologists working in countries where British goods were consumed while also leaving significant portions of Britain's own archaeological record poorly understood. The Importance of British Material Culture to Historical Archaeologies of the Nineteenth Century helps fill these gaps, through case studies demonstrating the importance and meaning of mass-produced material culture in Britain from the birth of the Industrial Revolution (mid-1700s) to early World War II. By examining many disparate items--such as ceramics made for export, various goods related to food culture, Scottish land documents, and artifacts of death--these studies enrich both an understanding of Britain itself and the many places it influenced during the height of its international power"--
As time goes by : from the industrial revolutions to the information revolution
The importance of British material culture to historical archaeologies of the nineteenth century
The industrial revolution in France : 1815-1848
Blood, sweat, and tears
Big history : our incredible journey, from big bang to now
From social media to the Internet of Things, digital fabrication to robotics, virtual reality to synthetic biology, new technologies are racing forward across the board. Together they are ripping up the rule book for people, firms, and governments alike. Mastering this so-called Fourth Industrial Revolution is the theme of the World Economic Forum’s 2016 Annual Meeting, for which this special collection serves as background reading. Klaus Schwab kicks things off with an overview of the topic, followed by sections on the technological trends driving the revolution; those trends' economic, social, and political impacts; and the resulting challenges for policy. Drawn from the pages of Foreign Affairs and the pixels of ForeignAffairs.com, the articles feature world-class experts explaining crucial issues clearly, directly, and authoritatively. We hope you enjoy the collection and come back for more.
"None of us has ever lived through a genuine industrial revolution. Until now. Digital technology is transforming every corner of the economy, fundamentally altering the way things are done, who does them, and what they earn for their efforts. In The Wealth of Humans, Economist editor Ryan Avent brings up-to-the-minute research and reporting to bear on the major economic question of our time: can the modern world manage technological changes every bit as disruptive as those that shook the socioeconomic landscape of the 19th century? Traveling from Shenzhen, to Gothenburg, to Mumbai, to Silicon Valley, Avent investigates the meaning of work in the twenty-first century: how technology is upending time-tested business models and thrusting workers of all kinds into a world wholly unlike that of a generation ago. It's a world in which the relationships between capital and labor and between rich and poor have been overturned. Past revolutions required rewriting the social contract: this one is unlikely to demand anything less. Avent looks to the history of the Industrial Revolution and the work of numerous experts for lessons in reordering society. The future needn't be bleak, but as The Wealth of Humans explains, we can't expect to restructure the world without a wrenching rethinking of what an economy should be. "--
Poverty and the industrial revolution
Capitalism and modernity : the great debate
Japanese economic development : markets, norms, structures
J. M. W. Turner : romantic painter of the industrial revolution
Japan, China, and the growth of the Asian international economy, 1850-1949
The new industrial revolution : consumers, globalization and the end of mass production
Work has always been one of the defining characteristics of life. Yet today 47% of American employment is at risk of automation within the next two to three decades, while professional work in law, medicine and accounting is or soon will be at risk. Drawing on research from around the world from Volvo's operations in Sweden to a vast Foxconn production facility in Shenzhen, via Indian development economists and Silicon Valley venture capitalists Economist correspondent Ryan Avent investigates what this revolution in the world of work means not only for our economies but also our societies.
Where the wasteland ends : politics and transcendence in postindustrial society
The economy of Europe in an age of crisis : 1600 - 1750
The origins of modern English society
Nation, state and the industrial revolution : the visible hand
Two nations : Britain in 1846
The unbound Prometheus : technological change and industrial development in Western Europe from 1750 to the present
Industry and empire : from 1750 to the present day
Scientific culture and the making of the industrial West
Sport, leisure and culture in the postmodern city
The fourth industrial revolution
Three essays on the economics of institutions
Why Europe? : the rise of the West in world history, 1500-1850
Origins of the industrial revolution
Before the industrial revolution : European society and economy, 1000-1700
Iron, steam & money : the making of the industrial revolution
The long road to the Industrial revolution : the European economy in a global perspective, 1000-1800
People in history
European cities & technology : industrial to post-industrial city
Studies in the industrial revolution : presented to T.S. Ashton
The industrial revolution 1760-1830
Lectures on economic growth
The economic ascent of the hotel business
The industrial revolution in Scandinavia 1850-1914
Capitalism & slavery
The red plague affair
Making sense of the Industrial Revolution [ : English economy and society 1700-1850]
Science in history. 2, The scientific and industrial revolutions
The industrial revolution in world history
Financial constraints and market failures : the microfoundations of new Keynesian macroeconomics
Liberty's dawn : a people's history of the Industrial Revolution
The age of revolution : Europe 1789-1848
Social theory and economic change
"From the canonical texts of the Arts and Crafts Movement to the radical thinking of today's "DIY" movement, from theoretical writings on the position of craft in distinction to Art and Design to how-to texts from renowned practitioners, from feminist histories of textiles to descriptions of the innovation born of necessity in Soviet factories and African auto-repair shops...The Craft Reader presents the first comprehensive anthology of writings on modern craft. Covering the period from the Industrial Revolution to today, the Reader draws on craft practice and theory from America, Europe, Asia and Africa. The world of craft is considered in its full breadth -- from pottery and weaving, to couture and chocolate-making, to contemporary art, architecture and curation. The writings are themed into sections and all extracts are individually introduced, placing each in its historical, cultural and artistic context. Bringing together an astonishing range of both classic and contemporary texts, The Craft Reader will be invaluable to any student or practitioner of Craft and also to readers in Art and Design. AUTHORS INCLUDE: Theodor Adorno, Anni Albers, Amadou H., Charles Babbage, Roland Barthes, Andrea Branzi, Alison Britton, Rafael Cardoso, Johanna Drucker, Charles Eames, Salvatore Ferragamo, Kenneth Frampton, Alfred Gell, Walter Gropius, Tanya Harrod, Martin Heidegger, Patrick Heron, Bernard Leach, Esther Leslie, W. R. Lethaby, Lucy Lippard, Adolf Loos, Karl Marx, William Morris, Robert Morris, Lee Ufan, Frank Lloyd Wright"--Provided by publisher.
The craft reader
The making of American civilization
City of lights
This is a unique account of working-class childhood during the British industrial revolution. Using more than 600 autobiographies written by working men of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries Jane Humphries illuminates working-class childhood in contexts untouched by conventional sources and facilitates estimates of age at starting work, social mobility, the extent of apprenticeship, and the duration of schooling. The classic era of industrialization, 1790-1850, apparently saw an upsurge in child labour. While the memoirs implicate mechanization and the division of labour in this increase, they also show that fatherlessness and large sibsets, common in these turbulent, high-mortality, and high-fertility times, often cast children as partners and supports for mothers struggling to hold families together. The book offers unprecedented insights into child labour, family life, careers, and schooling. Its images of suffering, stoicism, and occasional childish pleasures put the humanity back into economic history and the trauma back into the industrial revolution.
World of possibilities : flexibility and mass production in western industrialization
Coping with city growth during the British industrial revolution
Great leap forward
The first industrial revolutions
Does technology drive history? : the dilemma of technological determinism
Industrial England 1776-1851
Class struggle and the industrial revolution : early industrial capitalism in three English towns
"The widespread concept of the 'postmodern city' is frequently linked to the decline of traditional manufacturing industries and a corresponding wane of white working-class culture. In place of these appear flexible working practices, a diversified workforce, and a greater emphasis on consumption, leisure, and tourism. Illustrated by an interdisciplinary study of Leeds, a typical postmodern city, this volume examines how such cities have reinvented themselves - commercially, politically and spatially - over the past two decades. The work addresses issues like cultural policy, city-centre development, sport, leisure and identity, and explores different urban processes in relation to changing configuration of class, gender and ethnicity in the postmodern city."--Publisher's description.
Toxic archipelago : a history of industrial disease in Japan
The rise of the working class
Industrialization before industrialization : rural industry in the genesis of capitalism
Rebels against the future : the Luddites and their war on the Industrial Revolution : lessons for the computer age
The origins of the modern world : a global and ecological narrative
The town labourer
A social and economic history of Britain, 1760-1972
London, hub of the industrial revolution : a revisionary history, 1775-1825
Africans and the industrial revolution in England : a study in international trade and development
Atlantic ocean : the illustrated history of the ocean that changed the world
The wealth of humans : work and its absence in the twenty-first century
Science in history. Vol. 2, The scientific and industrial revolutions
The wealth of humans : work, power, and status in the twenty-first century
This book focuses on the importance of ideological and institutional factors in the rapid development of the British economy during the years between the Glorious Revolution and the Crystal Palace Exhibition. Joel Mokyr shows that we cannot understand the Industrial Revolution without recognizing the importance of the intellectual sea changes of Britain's Age of Enlightenment. In a vigorous discussion, Mokyr goes beyond the standard explanations that credit geographical factors, the role of markets, politics, and society to show that the beginnings of modern economic growth in Britain depended a great deal on what key players knew and believed, and how those beliefs affected their economic behaviour. He argues that Britain led the rest of Europe into the Industrial Revolution because it was there that the optimal intersection of ideas, culture, institutions, and technology existed to make rapid economic growth achievable. His wide-ranging evidence covers sectors of the British economy often neglected, such as the service industries.
Gender, work and wages in industrial revolution Britain
Institutions, innovation, and industrialization : essays in economic history and development
The skilled artisans during the Industrial Revolution, 1750-1850
The Fontana economic history of Europe. 3, The industrial revolution
Japan's renewable energy policy in the third industrial revolution context
The social problems of an industrial civilization
Heroes of invention : technology, liberalism and British identity, 1750-1914
The British industrial revolution in global perspective
"Case studies of the importance and meaning of mass-produced material culture in Britain during the Industrial Revolution"--
Women workers and the industrial revolution 1750-1850
Population in industrialization
The industrial revolution and work in nineteenth-century Europe
Childhood and child labour in the British Industrial Revolution
Poverty, progress, and population
The machine in America : a social history of technology
"Every person on the planet is entangled in a web of ecological relationships that link farms and factories with human consumers. Our lives depend on these relationships - and are imperiled by them as well. Nowhere is this truer than on the Japanese archipelago." "During the nineteenth century, Japan saw the rise of Homo sapiens industrialis, a new breed of human transformed by an engineered, industrialized, and poisonous environment. Toxins moved freely from mines, factory sites, and rice paddies into human bodies." "Toxic Archipelago explores how toxic pollution works its way into porous human bodies and brings unimaginable pain to some of them. Brett Walker examines startling case studies of industrial toxins: deaths from insecticide contaminations; poisonings from copper, zinc, and lead mining; congenital deformities from methylmercury factory effluents; and lung diseases from sulfur dioxide and asbestos." "This powerful, probing book demonstrates how the Japanese archipelago has become industrialized over the last two hundred years - and how people and the environment have suffered as a consequence."--BOOK JACKET.
Exceptionalism and industrialisation : Britain and its European rivals, 1688-1815
Convergence in industry evolution
Debating the Industrial Revolution
Industrial revolution in Mexico
The encyclopedia of the industrial revolution in world history
The Ripper affair
A social and economic history of Britain 1760-1950
The end of work : the decline of the global labor force and the dawn of the post-market era
Workers : an archaeology of the industrial age
Marginal Europe : the contributions of marginal lands since the Middle Ages
The prospects of industrial civilization
Nineteenth-century Europe : a cultural history
The evolution of management thought
The enlightened economy : an economic history of Britain, 1700-1850
