http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4906 peace movements
peace movements
The Israeli peace movement : a shattered dream
The peace reform in American history
European peace movements and the future of the Western Alliance
The social and economic consequences of peace and economic reconstruction
World encyclopedia of peace : vol. 1-4
Information bulletin of the Christian Peace Conference
Social protest and policy change : ecology, antinuclear, and peace movements in comparative perspective
Power : nonviolent transformation from the transpersonal to the transnational
To end all wars : a story of protest and patriotism in the First World War
The British peace movement, 1870-1914
Non-violence in peace & war
International actors, including key states like the US and organizations such as the UN, EU, African Union, and World Bank, and a range of NGOs, have long been confronted with the question of how to achieve an emancipatory form of peace. As Oliver Richmond explains, there is a level to peacemaking that operates in the realm of dialogue, declarations, symbols and rituals. But after all this pomp and circumstance is where the reality of security, development, politics, economics, identity, and culture figure in; conflict, cooperation, and reconciliation are at their most vivid at the local scale. Thus local peace operations are crucial to maintaining order on the ground even in the most violent contexts. However, as Richmond argues, such local capacity to build peace from the inside is generally left unrecognized, and it has been largely ignored in the policy and scholarly literature on peacebuilding. In Peace and Political Order, Richmond looks at peace processes as they scale up from local to transnational efforts to consider how to build a lasting and productive peace. He takes a comparative and expansive look at peace efforts in conflict situations in countries around the world to consider what local voices might suggest about the inadequacy of peace processes engineered at the international level. As well, he explores how local workers act to modify or resist peace processes headed by international NGOs, and to what degree local actors have enjoyed success in the peace process (and how they have affected the international peace process).
In search of civil society : independent peace movements in the Soviet bloc
Marathon peace march : an indication of international understanding : peace movement : the case of the peace march 1981
Getting to the 21st Century : voluntary action and the global agenda
The struggle against the bomb. Vol. 1, One world or none : a history of the world nuclear disarmament movement through 1953
Challenge to Mars : essays on pacifism from 1918 to 1945
Movement genesis : social movement theory and the 1980s West German peace movement
The geography of war and peace : from death camps to diplomats
The struggle against the bomb. Vol. 2, Resisting the bomb : a history of the world nuclear disarmament movement, 1954-1970
European polyphony : perspectives beyond East-West confrontation
Wounding the world : how military violence and war-play invades our lives
Mahatma Gandhi and Martin Luther King Jr. : the power of nonviolent action
Zero option
Essays in peace research. Vol. 6, Transarmament and the Cold War : peace research and the peace movement
Toward a warless world : the travail of the American peace movement 1887-1914
Globalizing resistance against war : theories of resistance and the new anti-war movement
After the Good Friday Agreement : analysing political change in Northern Ireland
Southern Africa : prospects for peace and security
Unesco and a culture of peace : promoting a global movement
Towards a comparative analysis of peace movements
Peace work for the next millenium
Checkpoint watch : testimonies from occupied Palestine
"Frontline Feminisms offers the greatest diversity of authors (e.g., scholars, activists, artists, resistance fighters, community organizers, and union leaders) and the widest range of discussions regarding violence (e.g., police brutality, abuse in prisons, 'domestic violence,' war and armed conflict, militarized sexual violence, as well as economic and racial violence)." -- Signs
Northern Ireland : the politics of war and peace
Love, responsibility, otherness : Finnish church leaders on interreligious dialogue
The Malvina Reynolds Songbook
100 years of peace making : a history of the International Peace Bureau and other international peace movement organisations and networks
Mobilizing against nuclear energy : a comparison of Germany and the United States
Rebels against war : the American peace movement, 1933-1983
Songs for peace
The Vietnam songbook
Above the battlefield : modernism and the peace movement in Britain, 1900-1918
Religion and war resistance in the Plowshares movement
"This books deals with the predicament of the Israeli peace movement, which, paradoxically, following the launching of the Oslo peace process between Israel and the Palestinians in 1993, experienced a prolonged, fatal decline in membership, activity, political significance, and media visibility. After presenting the regional and national background to the launching of the peace process and a short history of Israeli peace activism, the book focuses on external and internal processes and interactions experienced by the peace movement, after some basic postulates of its agenda were actually, although never explicitly, embraced by the Rabin government. The analysis brings together insights from social movement theory and theories on public opinion and foreign and security policymaking. The book's conclusion is that, despite its organizational decline and the zero credit given to it by the policymakers, in retrospect it appears that the movement contributed significantly to the integration of new ideas for possible solutions to the Middle East conflict in the Israeli mainstream political discourse"--Provided by publisher.
Wanáǧi Wachípi ki̧ : the ghost dance among the Lakota Indians in 1890
"The West has drawn upon Hinduism on a wide scale, from hatha yoga and meditation techniques, to popular culture in music and fashion, yet the contribution of Hinduism to the counter-culture of the 1960s has not been analysed in full.Hinduism and the 1960s looks at the youth culture of the 1960s and early 1970s, and the way in which it was influenced by Hinduism and Indian culture. It examines the origins of the 1960s counter-culture in the Beat movement of the 1950s, and their interest in Eastern religion, notably Zen. When the Beatles visited India to study transcendental meditation, there was a rapid expansion in interest in Hinduism. Young people were already heading east on the so-called 'Hippie Trail', looking for spiritual enlightenment and an escape from the material lifestyle of the West. Paul Oliver examines the lifestyle which they adopted, from living in ashrams to experimenting with drugs, sexual liberation, ayurvedic medicine and yoga. This engaging book analyses the interaction between Hinduism and the West, and the way in which each affected the other. It demonstrates the ways in which contemporary Western society has learned from the ancient religion of Hinduism, and incorporated such teachings as yoga, meditation and a natural holistic lifestyle, into daily life. Each chapter contains a summary and further reading guidance, and a glossary is included at the end of the book, making this ideal reading for courses on Hinduism, Indian religions, and religion and popular culture"--
New social movements in Western Europe : a comparative analysis
Peace movements : international protestr and world politics since 1945
Common women, uncommon practices : the queer feminisms of Greenham
From a culture of violence to a culture of peace
The long road to Greenham : feminism and anti-militarism in Britain since 1820
People building peace: 35 inspiring stories from around the world
Globalising resistance against war? : a critical analysis of a theoretical debate in the context of the British anti-war movement
The fight for peace : the secret story behind the Irish peace process
The search for negotiated peace : women's activism and citizen diplomacy in World War I
An American ordeal : the antiwar movement of the Vietnam era
"Concepts and policies deriving from political and social movements in support of liberal nationalism are hotly debated today. Civil society has actively engaged in controversies over intervention in Kosovo, Sierra Leone, Afghanistan, Iraq and the Lebanon. Pugh investigates the role of popular liberal internationalism as a social movement in Britain, addressing the use of force for peace through an examination of the impact of civil society actors in between wars. The interwar social movements had a massive and lasting influence on British approaches to international politics and influenced the UN's approach to peacekeeping, use of force and peace-building. This book considers social movements for peace and security which probe below the level of state policies. Using Gramscian and Foucauldian ideas of civil society and society, it critically examines the factions and fluidities of a movement that was suffused with values at once humane and superior, tolerant and dogmatic, universalistic and imperial. Pugh explores one of the most powerful social movements for collective security in modern history, a movement which trespassed conventional political boundaries and provided innovative ideas for constructing peace through collective security."--
Next steps towards peace
Liberal internationalism : the interwar movement for peace in Britain
This is the story of a group of women of various ages, backgrounds, nationalities, and sexual orientations who met at the US Airforce base at Greenham Common. Based on in-depth interviews and her own personal experience, Sasha Roseneil reveals how their challenges to traditional values, politics, and lifestyles signaled a bold step forward for queer feminist politics. The voices of the women are strong, lively, engaging, and often very funny. The remembrances of their exciting, life-changing times at Greenham captures a moment in history when ordinary women did some extraordinary things.
Building trust in Ireland
Across the universe : 2-disc deluxe edition
Peace movements in Western Europe and the United States
Freedom is coming : songs of protest and praise from South Africa for mixed choir
The peace progressives and American foreign relations
World encyclopedia of peace. Vol. 3, Treaties ; Chronology of the Peace Movement ; Nobel Peace Prize Laureates
The Great War for peace
The state of Israel is often spoken of as a haven for the Jewish people, a place rooted in the story of a nation dispersed, wandering the earth in search of its homeland. Born in adversity but purportedly nurtured by liberal ideals, Israel has never known peace, experiencing instead a state of constant war that has divided its population along the stark and seemingly unbreachable lines of dissent around the relationship between unrestricted citizenship and Jewish identity. By focusing on the perceptions and histories of Israel's most marginalized stakeholders - Palestinian Israelis, Arab Jews, and non-Israeli Jews - Atalia Omer cuts to the heart of the Israeli-Arab conflict, demonstrating how these voices provide urgently needed resources for conflict analysis and peace building. Navigating a complex set of arguments about ethnicity, boundaries, and peace and offering a different approach to the renegotiation and reimagination of national identity and citizenship, Omer pushes the conversation beyond the bounds of the single narrative and toward a new and dynamic concept of justice - one that offers the prospect of building a lasting peace.
European polyphony : perspectives beyond east-west confrontation
World encyclopedia of peace. Vol. 2, [Articles N-Z]
Women for all seasons : the story of the Women's International League of Peace and Freedom
Street art and the war on terror  : how the world's  best graffiti artists said no to the Iraq war
Women for peace
Israel, Palestine and peace : [essays]
"Un-American is Bill Mullen's revisionist account of renowned author and activist W.E.B. Du Bois's political thought toward the end of his life, a period largely dismissed and neglected by scholars. He describes Du Bois's support for what the Communist International called 'world revolution' as the primary objective of this aged radical's activism. Du Bois was a champion of the world's laboring millions and critic of the Cold War, a man dedicated to animating global political revolution. Mullen argues that Du Bois believed that the Cold War stalemate could create the conditions in which the world powers could achieve not only peace but workers' democracy. Un-American shows Du Bois to be deeply engaged in international networks and personal relationships with revolutionaries in India, China, and Africa. Mullen explores how thinkers like Karl Marx, Jawaharlal Nehru, Mohandas Gandhi, and C.L.R. James helped him develop a theory of world revolution at a stage in his life when most commentators regard him as marginalized. This original political biography also challenges assessments of Du Bois as an American 'race man'"--
"The Good Friday Agreement was made possible by change - in the conditions of conflict in Northern Ireland and the aims and ideals of the parties to the conflict. It has set in motion further changes, in institutions, social structure and social relations. It will succeed in creating peace and stability only if the process of change is continued. This book analyses the changes in Northern Ireland which produced and have followed from the Good Friday Agreement." "This is an up to date account of the impact of the Agreement offering a theoretical understanding of the processes and forces at work in making and implementing the Agreement. The contributors draw on theories of globalisation, conflict resolution, employment equality, liberalism, postmodernism, and theories of the state and citizenship to analyse the changes and the continuities."--BOOK JACKET.
For a new international order a "Cahier of peace" presented to the Washington congress of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom, May 1 to 7, 1924 by the Cahier comission of the League and recommended by the Congress to the National sections for study
Voices of sanity : reaching out for peace
Woodstock : three days that rocked the world
From the history of the peace movement to its future
END.LUND : a pamphlet about computer networking in the peace movement based on conributions from end.lund, a meeting in GreenNet March - June 1988
Nonviolence : the history of a dangerous idea
Education for world peace : the present situation and future prospect
Labour and war : the theory of labour action to prevent war
Imperial Germany and a world without war : the peace movement and Germany society, 1892-1914
A leadership for peace : how Edwin Ginn tried to change the world
Un-American : W.E.B. Du Bois and the century of world revolution
The armed peace : life and death after the ceasefires
The non-violent protests of civil rights activists and anti-nuclear campaigners during the 1960s helped to redefine Western politics. But where did they come from? Sean Scalmer uncovers their history in an earlier generation's intense struggles to understand and emulate the activities of Mahatma Gandhi. He shows how Gandhi's non-violent protests were the subject of widespread discussion and debate in the USA and UK for several decades. Though at first misrepresented by Western newspapers, they were patiently described and clarified by a devoted group of cosmopolitan advocates. Small groups of Westerners experimented with Gandhian techniques in virtual anonymity and then, on the cusp of the 1960s, brought these methods to a wider audience. The swelling protests of later years increasingly abandoned the spirit of non-violence, and the central significance of Gandhi and his supporters has therefore been forgotten. This book recovers this tradition, charts its transformation, and ponders its abiding significance.
Pox Americana : exposing the American empire
History of the American peace movement, 1890-2000 : the emergence of a new scholarly discipline
Frontline feminisms : women, war and resistance
World encyclopedia of peace. Vol. 4, [Peace institutes and organizations ; Bibliography ; Journals ; Indexes]
Why movements matter : the West German peace movement and U.S. arms control policy
Semi-detached idealists : the British peace movement and international relations, 1854-1945
Nonviolence  : the history of a dangerous idea
Pacifism as pathology : reflections on the role of armed struggle in North America
Most dangerous women : bringing history to life through readers̕ theater
The victim as hero : ideologies of peace and national identity in postwar Japan
Contributed articles on diversity of voices against the voilent attacks on September 11, 2001 and its aftermath.
Rebels against war : the American peace movement, 1941-1960
Hands off Vietnam! : International Emergency Conference in support of Vietnam, Helsinki, March 6-8, 1979
Peace in troubled cities : creative models of building community amidst violence
Peace songs : WMA Anniversary collection
South Koreans oppose war and nuclear weapons
People building peace II : successful stories of civil society
Pugwash tänään : kansainvälinen Pugwash-liike 1980-luvulla = Pugwash today : international Pugwash-movement at the eighties
Ecology : a theological response
Europe in the making. Johan Galtung
Yes we can!
A critical analysis of a theoretical debate on power of social movements : a case study of the new anti-war movement
Report of the 4th International Congress of antimilitarist ministers and clergymen, Edinburgh, June 29 - July 1, 1937
Mobilizing for peace : the antinuclear movements in Western Europe
Hinduism and the 1960s : the rise of a counter-culture
American women's activism in World War I
Some examples of peace activities
Towards a just world peace : perspectives from social movements
The peace movement : people and facts : Pages from the history of the peace movement in Poland
The nuclear borderlands : the Manhattan Project in post-Cold War New Mexico
North Atlantic Network : the alternative alliance
The future of war
Wounding the world : how military violence and war-play invade our lives
PeaceJam : how young people can make peace in their schools and communities
Give peace a chance : John & Yoko's bed-in for peace
John & Yoko's year of peace
Views and perspectives
A short account of the work of the peace committee of the National Council of Women of Great Britain
The peace movement in Finland
For peace in Europe : institutions and civil society between the world wars = Pour la paix en Europe : institutions et société civile dans l'entre-deux-guerres
When peace is not enough : how the Israeli peace camp thinks about religion, nationalism, and justice
Anti-war activism : new media and protest in the information age
China's hostility to Vietnam : a historical review of Sino-VIetnamese relations
What has Finland done for disarmament?
Exterminism and cold war
Making peace
Gandhi in the West : The Mahatma and the rise of radical protest
A Peace Institute on Åland : processes, motives and arguments 1981-1992
The subversion of politics : European autonomous social movements and the decolonization of everyday life
Multi-track diplomacy : a systems approach to peace
Marcha mundial por la paz y la no-violenza = The world march for peace & nonviolence
The origins of war prevention : the British peace movement and international relations, 1730-1854
Peace formation and political order in conflict affected societies
Challenging the political order : new social and political movements in western democracies
Non à la guerre, disent les femmes = Women say no to war
