http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4905 Designer (computer programmes)
Designer (computer programmes)
Arabia : ceramics, art, industry
Icelandic contemporary design : furniture, product design, architecture
Rei Kawakubo : designer monographs
Mode drawing : costume [female]
Geografia de la moda Espanola = [Geography of Spanish fashion
This definitive history of Miyake's clothes coincides with a major exhibit at The National Art Center, Tokyo, and offers expert insight into the designer's vision and daring. Initiated and conceived by Midori Kitamura, the book looks at the texture-driven originality of Miyake's materials and techniques from the very earliest days of his career, before he had even established the Miyake Design Studio. Drawing on more than 40 years of collaborative work with Miyake, Kitamura creates an encyclopedic reference of his material and technical innovations through the clothes based on A Piece of Cloth concept, Body Series of the 1980s, Miyake Pleats series, and such practical, everyday designs as Pleats Please pieces.
Voyage to the end of the room
Karch's pathology of drug abuse
PDF forms using Acrobat and LiveCycle Designer bible
Report on the risk assessment of MBDB in the framework of the joint action on new synthetic drugs
Allan Wexler : absurd thinking between art and design
Integrating Adobe Interactive Forms in SAP Netweaver
The weather diaries : a book in celebration of the Nordic Fashion Biennale
Fashion now 2 : i-D selects 160 of its favourite fashion designers from around the world
Strange design ; from objects to behaviors
Unscrambling the  Average User  of Habbo Hotel
Patrick Cox : wit, irony and footwear
An exhilarating look at the quintessential American modernist, acclaimed for her "Auntie Mame" lifestyle, her iconoclastic approach to fashion, and her visionary designs for the modern American woman. A talented artist who happened to become a fashion designer, Bonnie Cashin was brilliant, free-spirited, and unconventional in all she did. Revered for her intellectual and independent approach to fashion, Cashin changed the way women dressed with her revolutionary, forward-thinking approach to life. She designed chic, functional clothing for the modern woman "on the go"women like herself who loved to travel and lived life to the fullest. The most successful independent fashion designer of her day, Cashin worked outside the fashion industry, yet is arguably the most influential designer of our time, revered in the fashion world and a muse for designers working today. Cashin is credited with many fashion "firsts," including introducing the concept of layering and championing such timeless shapes as ponchos, tunics, and kimonos. She is acclaimed for inventing the "it bag," with her classic handbag designs for Coach in the early 1960s. Brimming with a half-century of creative work, Bonnie Cashin celebrates the designer's incredible, well-traveled life and her revolutionary designs with an unflinching, happy elegance.
Report on the risk assessment of TMA-2 in the framework of the joint action on new synthetic drugs
New trends in synthetic drugs in the European Union : epidemiology and demand reduction responses
Drug trafficking and the chemical industry : chemical precursors and international criminal law
The Thames & Hudson dictionary of graphic design and designers
Haute couture ateliers : the artisans of fashion
Emilio : Pucci fashion story
Designing motion : automotive designers 1890-1990
Yohji Yamamoto : designer monographs
Guidelines for the risk assessment of new synthetic drugs
Design and synthesis of chalcone and chromone derivatives as novel anticancer agents
Vladimir Kagan : a lifetime of avant-garde design
Industrial design A-Z
Romeo Sozzi & Promemoria : the designer behind the most beautiful furniture in the world
Christian Dior and Germany 1947-1957
Drug addiction : from basic research to therapy
Dior : 60 years of style : from Christian Dior to John Galliano
Shocking! : the art and fashion of Elsa Schiaparelli
Pattern : 100 fashion designers, 10 curators
Bonnie Cashin : chic is where you find it
Toxicological abuse profile of new recreational drugs in driving-under-the-influence and post-mortem cases in Finland
"Retro is hip, and vintage is cult. The esthetics of past eras are back in style in the world of fashion, as well as interior and product design. Brands successfully reissue old originals, while creative professionals around the world design innovative products with a retro look. Their scope of inspiration extends from Bauhaus to hip-hop. This volume presents comebacks and new interpretations, products and styles that are more fashionable today than ever before. Between the opposing poles of nostalgia and high-tech, the designers prove their niftiness and sense of humor. Whether kidney-shaped tables, aviator glasses, or printable radios, the past is returning full of charm and with a twinkle in the eye. Retro & vintage design serves as a reference book of design history and a source of inspiration for trend-setters at the same time."--Back cover.
3D > 2D : the Designers Republic's adventures in and out of architecture with Sadar Vuga Arhitekti and Spela Mlakar
Learning a new discipline is similar to learning a new language; in order to master the foundation of fashion design, you must first master the basic building blocks of its language, the definitions, function, and usage. The Language of Fashion Design provides students and fashion designers with the basic elements of fashion design, divided into twenty-six easy-to-comprehend chapters. This visual reference includes an introductory, historical view of the elements, as well as an overview of how these elements can and have been used across multiple design disciplines.
Sagmeister : another book about promotion & sales material
Hand to type : scripts, hand-lettering and calligraphy
Marcel Rochas : designing French glamour
Best of 3d : virtual product design
In silico methods in prediction of drug metabolism, mass fragmentation, and chromatographic behavior : application to toxicological drug screening by liquid chromatography/time-of-flight mass spectrometry
Who's who 2010 : the fashion yearbook : faces, brands, trends by Sportswear International
Report on the risk assessment of 4-MTA in the framework of the joint action on new synthetic drugs
When it comes to contemporary fashion design, the Nordic countries of Europe are anything but terra incognita. Brands from Scandinavia are well-established around the world and designers such as Henrik Vibskov have been lavished with international accolades for years.
Women in design : a contemporary view
Fashion Visionaries
Recounts the life of the famous designer, from her childhood as an orphan to her reign as the queen of the fashion world, highlighting lesser known aspects of her life along the way.
Fashion Africa : a visual overview of contemporary African fashion
Yoshiki Hishinuma : 100 flowers, 100 butterflies
Mass spectra of designer drugs 2006
Using Adobe Creative Suite 2
Profiles the life and career of the famous fashion designer, including his beginnings working in his mother's workshop, building his fashion house, and his tragic death.
Vasari on theatre
For the first time, the Japanese fashion designer Yohji Yamamoto decided to become personally involved in every stage of a book, meant to be a veritable extension of his own private world.
Clinical toxicology
China fashion : conversations with designers
Philippe Starck distordre : dialogo sul design tra Alberto Alessi e Philippe Starck = conversation about design between Alberto Alessi and Philippe Starck
Pierre Cardin : 60 years of innovation
Drug policy harmonization and the European Union
Branding in Social Media : Branding upcoming designers in social media
Report on the risk assessment of 2C-I, 2C-T-2 and 2C-T-7 in the framework of the joint action on new synthetic drugs
Design without fashion : works
Who's who in fashion
"This book documents the rise (and rise) of fashion design in China. Told through the stories of three generations of designers: those born in the 20s and 30s, who were active before the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949; those born in the 1950s and 60s, when fashion in China was isolated from the rest of the world and the wearing of "Mao suits" became obligatory; and those born in the 1970s and later, who are now attempting to integrate China in to the global fashion industry, not only as producers of clothing but as designers and marketers as well. Chinese fashion in the past half-century is a fascinating case study, given that the country began in penury, isolation, and political correctness, went through a phase of militant anti-fashion ideology, and is now rapidly developing internationally-minded, and eager to challenge the world in all fields of endeavour. Written by an 'insider' this book provides a fascinating survey based on the personal, professional and creative experiences of the most influential Chinese fashion designers. As such it will be welcomed by all students of contemporary fashion and design"--Provided by publisher.
The language of fashion design : 26 principles every fashion designer should know
Sample : 100 fashion designers : 010 curators : cuttings from contemporary fashion
As one of the most mentally rigorous designers working in fashion, Yohji Yamamoto creates garments that can be intellectual - sometimes even difficult - yet always beautiful. Yohji's free-spirited world is explored here via "i-D" magazine's archives starting back in the 1980s, including his adoration for women and the female form, the painful process of creating anti-fashion through fashion and how his timeless utilitarian designs can be both avant-garde and classic at once. Packed into 120 pages is biographical and personal information as well as imagery from over 30 years of i-D's history with images from photographers including Paolo Roversi, Max Vadukal, and Nick Knight, plus interviews with Jamie Huckbody, Holly Shackleton, and Terry Jones.
WHO Expert Committee on Drug Dependence : twenty-sixth report
Celia Birtwell
Profile : Pentagram Design
Paperless : real-world solutions with Adobe technology
Lay participatory design : a way to develop information technology and activity together
Fashion, media, promotion : the new black magic
Logolounge. 6 : 2,000 international identities by leading designers
The king of style : dressing Michael Jackson
Secrets of the couturiers
The white shirt : according to me : Gianfranco Ferré
Stylists : new fashion visionaries
Development of a data aquisition system for the engine research laboratory = Moottorintutkimuslaboratorion tiedonkeruulaitteiston päivitys
Lay participatory design: A way to develop information technology and activity together
Design researchers' information sharing : the enactment of a discipline
Fashion designers
Yohji Yamamoto : my dear bomb
The Versace legend
The Berg companion to fashion
"Through his music, dance, and fashion, Michael Jackson created a mystique that was unique to him and recognized as such throughout the world. For five decades he mesmerized audiences--and for twenty-five of those years Michael Bush was there as Jackson's designer, stylist, and friend, accompanying the King of Pop on his journey to becoming the King of Style. While paying homage to the original Billie Jean, Beat It, and Thriller looks that put Jackson on the fashion map, The King of Style also traces their evolution over several decades. Jackson's penchant for the military silhouette is explored in detail, along with the trade secrets behind the sequined glove and the fencing uniform that he, Michael Bush, and Dennis Tompkins reinvented to make stage magic. It was Bush who dressed Jackson for the final time, before he was buried. Dozens of garments were left unfinished by his shocking death. The legacy of Michael Jackson lives on. An artist like none other, he transformed everything he touched--from the fabric of his clothes to his legions of fans around the world"--Publisher's web site.
Microsoft® Office Sharepoint® Designer 2007 step by step
Design of the 20th century
Report on the risk assessment of mephedrone in the framework of the Council decision on new psychoactive substances
Neuropharmacology and toxicology of novel amphetamine-type stimulants
Drug-facilitated sexual assault : a forensic handbook
