http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4918 kindergarten teachers
kindergarten teachers nursery school teachers
Pre-school student teachers' view of the teaching profession in terms of metaphor
Our inquiry, our practice : undertaking, supporting, and learning from early childhood teacher research(ers)
Early childhood grows up : towards a critical ecology of the profession
"This book explores what teacher research in the early childhood setting looks like, why it is important to the field of early childhood education, and how teacher educators can support it."--P. [4] of cover.
The nursery school
Working with young children in Europe : provision and staff training
Leadership in early childhood : the pathway to professionalism
Exploring your role : an introduction to early childhood education
Men who teach young children : an international perspective
Teaching young children : choices in theory and practice
Talks with teachers of young children : a collection
Abstract: "Me, an expert?" : constructing the meaning perspective and identity of an expert in the field of early childhood eduvation.
Early childhood education : becoming a professional
Developing as a professional : a case study
Relations between teacher-child interactions and children's learning and motivation in Finnish kindergartens
Professionals in early childhood education and care systems : European profiles and perspectives
Leadership and management in the early years : from principles to practice
The integration of music and art education in kindergarten teacher education
All about child care and early education : a comprehensive resource for child care professionals
Training to work in the early years : developing the climbing frame
The attraction of the teacher's work : a comparative view on the decision to become a teacher
Good practice in childcare
Critical viewpoint to early childhood education teachers' well-being at work
Introduction to early childhood education
Social contexts of early education, and reconceptualizing play (II)
"Portfolios aren't just for documenting the work of young children--they can also be powerful resources for early childhood educators' professional preparation and development, from evaluating one's classroom practice to showcasing skills and accomplishments. Veteran teacher educators Marianne Jones and Marilyn Shelton provide practical and comprehensive guidance on developing a portfolio specific to the needs of pre- and in-service teachers of young children. This updated new edition features: - A flexible and friendly approach that guides students at varying levels of experience through the portfolio process. - New material on portfolio planning and organization and additional coverage on writing rationales and captions - A companion website with additional instructor and student resources such as guides for activities, PowerPoint slides, printable templates, questions to ponder, and worksheets for improving students' portfolio skills. Both theoretical and practical, this valuable resource addresses issues and mechanics related to process and product, instruction and guidance techniques, the role of reflection, and assessment strategies. With concrete examples, rubrics, tips, and exercises, this book provides a step-by-step guide to creating a professional teaching portfolio"--Provided by publisher.
Developing your portfolio : enhancing your learning and showing your stuff : a guide for the early childhood student or professional
Gender perspectives on the formation of the professional field for caring and education of children
Abstract: The succesfulness of integration as evaluated by early childhood teachers.
The role of the teacher in the nursery school
Teaching young children
Teachers' narratives of their processes for the improvement of educational practice in collaboration with researcher
New perspectives in early childhood teacher education : bringing practitioners into the debate
Lapsuuden puutarhassa = I barndomens lustgård = In the garden of childhood
The role of the teacher in the infant and nursery school
Behaviors of preschoolers and their teachers : little children draw big circles
Artistic identity of kindergarten teacher students
Managing early years settings : supporting and leading teams
English summary: Early identification of a future teacher: on assessment of apitude for teaching.
Professional Learning in Early Childhood Settings
The social role and evolution of the teaching profession in historical context. Vol. 6, The history of preschool teachers' profession
Exploration of Chinese and Finnish kindergarten teachers' perceptions of their professional competence in early childhood education
Mentoring in the early years
Men as workers in services for young children : issues of a mixed gender workforce : proceedings of a seminar held at Henley on Thames, 29-31 May 1997
Experts or good educators - or both? : the development of early childhood educators
Teachers' perception of children's agency in early childhood education
The full-day kindergarten : planning and practising a dynamic themes curriculum
Discussions on some pedagogical issues
'Childhood, child good' - 50 years of pre-school teacher training in Tielt : SYLLABUS workshops 19. 4. 2002 : abstracts
Work engagement of kindergarten teachers
The literacy coach's companion : PreK-3
Work Engagement of Kindergarten Teachers
Understanding child-iniatiated practice : kindergarten teachers' views on carrying out child-initiatedness in day care
Working with the under-threes : training and professional development
Study orientations as indicators of ideologies : a study of five student teacher groups
Going to kindergarten : a year with an outstanding teacher
Kindergarten, sloyd and classroom teacher trainees' self-directed learning, metacognitive regulation and web-based support
Nordic childhoods and early education : philosophy, research, policy and practice in Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, and Sweden
Building classroom community : the early childhood teacher's role
Observing, assessing, and planning for children in the early years
When work was its own reward : a Swedish study from the perspective of women's history, of the kindergarten teacher as public educator
Teacher preparation for early childhood education
Academisation of early childhood education
Teachers of young children
Achieving early years professional status
Pathways to professionalism in early childhood education and care
Learning from young children in the classroom : the art & science of teacher research
Searching for a better life through arts and skills : research results, visions and conclusions
Becoming a teacher of young children
When a Child Protection Related Concern Arises : Kindergarten Teachers' Practices
Professionalism in the early years
The new early years professional : dilemmas and debates
Abstract.
Teaching kindergarten : learner-centered classrooms for the 21st century
Becoming a practitioner in the early years
Journal of early childhood teacher education
Working with refugee families : study of co-operation between kindergarten teachers and refugee families : experiences from the Somalian perspective
Kindergarten teacher student's concepts about children's art education in Finland
From play to practice : connecting teachers' play to children's learning
Leadership in early childhood
The meaning of infant teachers' work
Contemporary issues in the early years
Going beyond the theory/practice divide in early childhood education : introducing an intra-active pedagogy
Through all the changing scenes
Expertise of early childhood educators
Experts or good educators - or both? : the development of early childhood educators' expertise in Finland
IEA preprimary study in Finland. 3, How parents and teachers express their educational expectations for developing and teaching young children
Advances in early education and day care. Vol. 2.
Professionalism in early childhood education and care : international perspectives
The influence of researcher : teacher collaboration on the experiences of four-five years old children in Finnish day-care centres
Child care and preschool development in Europe : institutional perspectives
How do early childhood education teachers perceive their expertise? : a qualitative study of child care providers in Lapland, Finland
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to find out the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers and the elements of these factors. Work engagement is one part of work well-being. This final thesis was a qualitative study. The method for collecting data was theme interview, which is a qualitative study method. For this study I interviewed five kindergarten teachers. The data were analyzed by thematic analysis. As a theoretical framework I used work engagement, which is divided into three dimensions: vigor, dedication and absorption. Besides these three dimensions, I studied the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers from the perspective of job resources, job demands and personal resources. The results of the study contained information of the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers that I was able to categorize into five different stages of work engagement: the core of the work, the organizing of work, the communication and management stage, the organizational stage and the personal stage. All of the three dimensions of work engagement clearly emerged from the data. The results of this study lead to a conclusion that the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers are versatile. The results of this study might possibly be of help in strengthening the work engagement factors of kindergarten teachers as well as in recognizing the factors that can negatively influence the experience of work engagement of kindergarten teachers. People who are responsible for developing the field of early childhood education might benefit from the results of this study.
Assessment of voice among emerging high-risk population groups : with special emphasis on kindergarten teachers, children with laryngeal reconstruction, and workers exposed to organic dust
Critical issues in early childhood professional development
