http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4911 ships
ships
Designing an environmental performance indicator for shipbuilding and ship dismantling : project ECO-EFFI final report
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2015 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2015
Ships
Design language for Wärtsilä Ship Concepts reflecting company values
Dynamics of a rigid ship
Fifty famous liners 3.
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2004 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2004
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2011 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2011
Warspite
Twentyfour7 : Wärtsilä quarterly magazine
Environmental impacts of ship dismantling : screening for sustainable ways
Wooden ship
Energy effiency of the marine main engine auxiliary systems
Ship design, resistance and screw propulsion. Vol. 2, The marine screw propeller and propulsion of ships
Sulphur regulations for shipping - why a regional approach : scientific and economic arguments in IMO documents 1988-1997
Anchoring large vessels : a new approach
Classification of SOx Scrubber for Ships
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 1992 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1992
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 1984 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1984
Damage stability calculations renewal for passenger ships
Selecting materials for sea water systems
Sailing ships
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1993
The girl who soared over Fairyland and cut the moon in two
The Jhelum : a Victorian merchant ship
Observations of ship performance and the structure of fast ice channels in the Northern Baltic Sea
Fifty famous liners 2.
Naval architecture
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 2012 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2012
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1985 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1985
Cape Breton : ships and men
Jane's high-speed marine transportation. 1998-99
Queen Mary 2 : the evolution of a Queen
101 amazing facts about ships and boats
Sulzer marine engines : crosshead type for direct drive
Suomen kauppalaivasto = Finlands handelsflotta = Finland's mercantile marine. 1953, 34
Improving energy efficiency of ships through optimisation of ship operations : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140301)
The book of the ship : an exhaustive pictorial and factual survey of world ships, shipping, and shipbuilding
Cargo ships : a colour portfolio
Jane's high-speed marine transportation. 2001-2002
Passenger liners in colour
Sulphur content in ships bunker fuel in 2015 : a study on the impacts of the new IMO regulations and transportation costs
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2013 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2013
Model-based tracking initialization in ship building environment
Emissions of NOx from baltic shipping and first estimates of their effects on air quality and eutrophication of the Baltic Sea
Titanic : collector's edition
Model scale manoeuvring tests in ice with systematically varied hull shape. Part 1.
Usability development for a marine SO2 scrubber
Environmental legislation and regulations of shipbuilding : case Finland and Spain
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1997 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1997
Baltic Sea sewage port reception facilities : HELCOM Overview 2014
Polar tourism : an environmental perspective
Applied marine hydraulics
Advanced self-aligning mounting system
Practical marine engineering
Market Research on the Turkish Shipbuilding Industry : case: Koskisen Oy
THE DECORATIVE ARTS OF MARINER
Naval engineers look on the FEC-concept and other VLFS-structures
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1997
The Finnish shipping companies and their stamps
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1983 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1983
Jane's high-speed marine craft. 1992-93
Accessible Tourism : A Study of accessibility in Hotel Chains,Public Transport and Ferry Companies in Helsinki
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1990 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
The principles and practices of ship stability : basic and modern procedures
Arrangement variation of a ro-ro passenger ship
The long Earth
The Vrouw Maria Underwater project 2009–2012 final report
Suomalaiset rahtilaivat 1970-80 = Finnish cargo ships 1970-80. Osa = Vol. 2, L-Ö
Illegality of actions of the Russian Federation with regard to the vessel Arctic Sunrise
Arklow - last stronghold of sail : Arklow ships from 1850-1985
Selected papers from the journal of The Society of Naval Architects of Japan. Vol. 5, Strenght, vibration, welding, construction
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1993 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1993
Ship interaction with a single ice floe : a simulation model
Historic ship models
The Finns on the Titanic
Lost treasure ships of the twentieth century
Ships and other sea crafts
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 1996 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1996
Shipwreck index of the British Isles. Volume 1, Isles of Scilly, Cornwall, Devon, Dorset
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1992 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1992
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 1989 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1989
Lloyd's register of yachts : containing particulars of yachts and motor boats ...for the year ..
Professional boatbuilder magazine
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1989 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1989
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1987 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1987
In this research, the best measures will be looked into for improving energy efficiency such as optimization of ships' speed, optimal routes planned according to weather conditions, maintenance of hull & machine and etc. All these measures and precautions are considered with the depending of different types of ship, cargo and other effects. Ships' statistical data and detailed information about ship energy efficiency will be gathered from both shipping companies and partner universities. Various statistical methods, operations research and optimization techniques will be employed for the improving energy efficiency of ships. In conclusion, a DSS will be developed for real-time energy monitoring and making optimal decisions during ship operations intended to be used by the captain of the ship and onboard personnel and ship management operators onshore. Thus, the shipping industry will obtain medium to large long-term gains in terms of monetary and environmental benefits as well as strengthening the awareness of the situation for onboard personnel.
Laboratory tests of propeller blade profile pressure distribution under ice contact. Volume 2
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 1990 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1990
Building on the sea : form and meaning in modern ship architecture
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1985 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
Behavior and  handling of ships
Ships and marine engines. Vol. 3 A, Practical shipbuilding : a manual for the construction of sea-going merchant ships and war-ships
Killing the Bismarck : destroying the pride of Hitler's fleet
Moby-Dick, or, the Whale
The illustrated encyclopedia of ships, boats, vessels, and other water-borne craft : comprising an alphabetical directory of all types of craft past and present ..
"Shaky ships" : the formal richness of Chinese shipbuilding
The sea hunters II : more true adventures with famous shipwrecks
Old ship prints / Edward Keble Chatterton
Ships of the world : an historical encyclopedia
New York City passenger manifests of SS Titanic survivors rescued by the SS Carpathia
The liveship traders trilogy : [3-book bundle]
Modern ships
Ships : from the archives of Harland & Wolff, the builders of the Titanic
Ships, sulphur and climate : is it a good time to reduce the sulphur emissions from shipping?
Ab Me Group Oy Ltd catering management managerial issues
The period ship handbook
Lakers : ghost ships of the Great lakes
The new period ship handbook
Selection, installation and maintenance of marine compressors
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 2015  = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 2015
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 1983 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1983
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
Sale and purchase
The purpose of this thesis was to study, how much energy is used in pumping fluids in each auxiliary system of marine main engine and to choose the system that is the most energy consuming. After choosing one system for closer observation the target was to study how pumping energy efficiency of that specific auxiliary system can be improved by changing the design, but still keeping the original technical limits for the system valid. 9L46 marine main engine was chosen as a reference engine for all calculations and all the component data for each part and unit of different manufacturer was obtained from the TERPS database in Wärtsilä Ship power's intranet page. Based on the calculated results a ballpark economical estimate of investment difference between a normal system and an energy efficient system was made.
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 1995 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1995
Great passenger ships of the world today
Forum Marinum vuosikirja. 2012, Konepajalla : turkulaisen laivamoottorivalmistuksen historiaa = På motorverkstaden : tillverkningen av fartygsmotorer i Åbo = At the engine factory : the history of ship engine manufacturing in Turku
Laivankuvia Rauman museossa = Portraits of ships at the Rauma Museum
Ship sale and purchase : first supplement to second edition
Classification Procedures of Engine Room Related Auxiliary  Equipment
Building long-term customer relationships in service business : Suomen Hopealinja Oy
The fleet of the Finska Ångfartygs Aktiebolaget (Finland Steamship Co. Ltd), Helsingfors
The woman in cabin 10
The Pirate ship 1660-1730
Handbook of diesel engines
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 2010 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 2010
Ship Repair and Maintenance Handbook 2004
Hybrid scrubber test plan
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1983 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
H.M.S. London
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 1991 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1991
Selected papers from the journal of The Society of Naval Architects of Japan. Vol. 12.
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 1994 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1994
Laboratory tests of propeller blade profile pressure distribution under ice contact. Volume 1
Instantly disconnectable hinge for partial opening system of folding hatch cover
Preliminary design of boats and ships
Ships electrical systems / René Borstlap, Hans ten Katen
Migrating ship waste management from India to Finland : analysis of opportunities and risks in an industrial symbiosis of sustainable ship recycling
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1991 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 1993 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1993
Selected papers from the journal of The Society of Naval Architects of Japan. Vol. 4, Resistance, propulsion, seakeeping, manoeuvering
Sea of poppies
Mighty ships
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1990
Scale model warships
Urbanism under sail : an archaeology of fluit ships in early modern everyday life
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 1985 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1985
Current Market Situation of Catering Business in Baltic Sea Ferries
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2010 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2010
Improving energy efficiency and environmental sustainability of a bulk carrier
Classic ships : romance and reality
In this tightly wound, enthralling story reminiscent of Agatha Christie's works, Lo Blacklock, a journalist who writes for a travel magazine, has just been given the assignment of a lifetime: a week on a luxury cruise with only a handful of cabins. The sky is clear, the waters calm, and the veneered, select guests jovial as the exclusive cruise ship, the Aurora, begins her voyage in the picturesque North Sea. At first, Lo's stay is nothing but pleasant: the cabins are plush, the dinner parties are sparkling, and the guests are elegant. But as the week wears on, frigid winds whip the deck, gray skies fall, and Lo witnesses what she can only describe as a dark and terrifying nightmare: a woman being thrown overboard. The problem? All passengers remain accounted for--and so, the ship sails on as if nothing has happened, despite Lo's desperate attempts to convey that something (or someone) has gone terribly, terribly wrong
Titanic lives : migrants and millionaires, conmen and crew
Ship sale and purchase : law and technique
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2016 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2016
Queen Mary
Help, business or piracy? Shipwrecks and salvage auctions as early modern entrepreneurship in the Gulf of Finland
Comment on the institution of arbitration proceedings between the Kingdom of the Netherlands and the Russian Federation concerning the case of the ship “Arctic Sunrise”
Two-stage turbocharging for medium-speed diesel engine : A concept study
Wanted
Ship stability for Mates/Masters
Ship identification. Part 1, Merchant ships : (engines amidships)
Mechanical design of advanced self-aligning mounting system
Griffith's trimming tables
Energy efficiency of the marine main engine auxiliary systems
Ocean container transportation : an operational perspective
Scenario-based traffic forecasts for routes between the PENTA ports in 2020
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 2011 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 2011
Jane's high-speed marine transportation. 2004-2005
