http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4914 draught animals
draught animals
The shape of the past : essays in Scottish ethnology. 2
The horse in the city : living machines in the nineteenth century
Draught cattle : their osteological identification and history
An introduction to working animals
The tropicultor : operator's manual : field operations
Mush! : Sled dogs with issues
Measurements of tillage effects of ox-drawn implements, and physical conditons in the seedbed - comparisons with tractor-mounted implements : a study from the Arsi region of Ethiopia
Dibble sticks, donkeys, and diesels : machines in crop production
World animal science. 100 6, Buffalo production
Harnessing and implements for animal traction : an animal traction resource book for Africa
Animal encounters : human and animal interaction in Britain from the Norman conquest to World War One
Draught animals in rural development : proceedings of an international research symposium, Cipanas, Indonesia, 3-7 July 1989
This is the Siberian husky
It is hard to believe that American cities were once populated with almost equal numbers of horses and people. At one point nearly one hundred thousand horses clogged the streets on the island of Manhattan. In the nineteenth-century American city, horses provided the power for not only vehicles that moved freight, transported passengers, and fought fires but also equipment in breweries, mills, foundries, and machine shops. Clay McShane and Joel A. Tarr, prominent scholars of urban life in America, reveal the critical role that the horse played in the growing nineteenth-century metropolis. Using diverse sources such as veterinary manuals, stable periodicals, teamaster magazines, city newspapers, and agricultural yearbooks, they explore how the horses were housed and fed and how workers bred, trained, marketed, and employed their four-legged assets. Examining the processes for waste removal and corpse disposal, they touch on the municipal challenges of maintaining a safe and productive living environment for both horses and people and the rise of organizations like the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. In addition to providing an insightful account of life and work in nineteenth-century urban America, "The Horse in the City" brings us to a richer understanding of how the animal fared in this paved and uncomfortable setting.
ANIMALS ON THE MOVE
The most widely distributed form of work for cattle since the beginning of their domestication has been as draught animals for the palough and cart. This is known from archaeological, iconographic and written sources which, however, are limited in number and generally only inform us about younger periods. Skeletal remains found during archaeological excavations may yield additional data for the study of cattle as draught animals in former times. In this volume we will review the osteological evidence previously reported in the literature and describe the morphological and osteometric traits observed in a series of foot skeletons of modern draught cattle, collected in Rumania. A case study is presented in which the results obtained from the recent material are applied to a sample of cattle bones from a Roman site in Belgium. An attempt is made to define histological criteria for the recognition of draught cattle. The osteometry of the Rumanian material and a large sample of Hungarian grey cattle is studied. Moreover, the broader culture-historical and economic implications of using cattle in draught work is reviewed.
Global Conference on Animal Welfare : an OIE initiative : Paris, 23-25 February 2004 : proceedings
Sled dogs of Denali
World animal science. B 7, Cattle genetic resources
From hunter to herder? : investigating the spread of transport innovations in Northwest Siberia
Performance of a curved animal drawn tillage implement
