http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4924 horns
horns
The soul of the rhino : a Nepali adventure with kings and elephant drivers, billionaires and bureaucrats, shamans and scientists and the Indian rhinoceros
The ethiopian : a Corto Maltese graphic novel
Toby and the ice giants
Rhino? What rhino?
Environmental change and human culture in the Nile Basin and Northern Africa until the second millennium B.C
How the rhinoceros got his skin
Rita's Rhino
Suomen vanhat linnat = the castles of Finland
Critical factors in the Horn of Africa's raging conflicts
An illustrated catalogue of the Asiatic horns and antlers in the collection of the Indian Museum
Uralitization - an example from Kuusamo, Finland
Religion, prestige and windows of opportunity? : (Qatari peace making and foreign policy engagement)
The liverworts and hornworts of the Tristan da Cunha group of islands in the South Atlantic Ocean
Prehistory of northeastern Africa : new ideas and discoveries
Hepaticae and Anthocerotae of Great Himalayan National Park and its environs (HP), India
Petal and Poppy and the spooky Halloween!
Splas! = Splash!
Weird creatures of the wild
City of thorns : nine lives in the world's largest refugee camp
Contraband : South Africa and the international trade in ivory and rhino horn
Seismicity and earthquake source mechanism study in the East African Rift
Borders and borderlands as resources in the Horn of Africa
From hooves to horns, from mollusc to mammoth : manufacture and use of bone artefacts from prehistoric times to the present : proceedings of the 4th meeting of the ICAZ Worked Bone Research Group at Tallinn, 26th-31st of August 2003
The Hepaticae and Anthocerotae of Brazil
Designed to counter-balance the conventional emphasis on religious and ritual functions, this collection of papers re-evaluates the political aspect of age systems in the context of national politics, civil and regional wars.
HOW THE RHINOCEROS GOT HIS SKIN
Chinese art : textiles, glass and painting on glass, carvings in ivory and rhinoceros horn, carving in hardstones, snuff bottles, inkcakes and inkstones
Kuinka hirvi sai sarvensa = How the elk got his antlers
East Africa and the Orient : cultural syntheses in pre-colonial times
Big five of Africa
World's biggest animals
Crisis in the Horn of Africa : politics, piracy and the threat of terror
Peoples of the Horn of Africa : Somali, Afar and Saho
Creative embroidery techniques using colour through gold
Studies of Mydidae (Diptera). IVb. Mydas and allies in the Americas (Mydinae, Mydini)
Archaeological bone, antler and ivory
Narwhals : Arctic whales in a melting world
Conflict age & power in North East Africa : age systems in tradition
Rush! = Splash!
Big animals in the wild
Viking age combs, comb making and comb makers in the light of finds from Birka and Ribe
Working in plastic, bone, amber, and horn
Functional response of the long-eared owl (Asio otus) to changing prey numbers : a 20-year study
Excursion to the Jormua ophiolite complex
The horn of Africa : intra-state and inter-state conflicts and security
Guide to the liverworts and hornworts of Java
Jasper's bath
Rhino's great big itch!
Guide to the plants of Central French Guiana. Part 4. Liverworts and hornworts
Plastic pioneer
Dominance relationships among female semi-domesticated reindeer : the function of antlers
How the rhino got his skin
The prehistoric cultures of the Horn of Africa
Resource conflict in the Horn of Africa
Thinhorn sheep evolution and behaviour
Antler possession by West Greenland female caribou in relation to population characteristics
Operation rhino
Security and stability in Northern Africa
At a time when much attention is focused on the Horn of Africa as one of Africa's most war-ravaged regions and a continued source of security concern regionally and globally, this Discussion Paper provides deep insights into the complex dimensions of and linkages between the violent conflicts in the region. Delving into history and the core and contextual factors underpinning these wars in the postcolonial era, the author provides a conceptual framework for grappling with the complex inter- and intra-state conflicts by focusing on the institutional and structural causes of war. He goes on to make a compelling argument that conflict for institutional and democratic state transformation in the Horn of Africa is a fundamental step towards long-term peace and sustainable development.
Evaluation of factors potentially influencing a desert bighorn sheep population
Recent research into the stone age of northeastern Africa
The effects of selective harvesting on life history traits of moose Alces alces
Great one-horned rhinoceros translocation manual
Craft, industry and everyday life : bone, antler, ivory and horn from Anglo-Scandinavian and Medieval York
Horns
Pictures of ivory and other animal teeth, bone and antler : with a brief commentary on their use in identification
Diasporas, development and peacemaking in the Horn of Africa
Hunting in Kangerlussuaq, East Greenland, 1951-1991 : an assessment of local knowledge
I'm in charge!
Phosphatase and peptidase activities in reindeer antler throughout the growth cycle
Pastoralism and development in Africa : dynamic change at the margins
Danger in the dust
Mighty giants of the wild
Some aspects for dating and chronology of the bone and antler artefacts from the lower reaches of the rivers Pärnu and Reiu, SW Estonia
Taxonomic status of Sterictiphora sorbi Kontuniemi (Hymenoptera: Argidae)
Weird creatures of the world
When Corto Maltese arrives in the Middle East and Africa in 1918 the shifting sands and loyalties reveal colonial powers still battling for domination over each other and the indigenous people. This book reveals how African justice operates outside the constraints of "white" law. – WorldCat.
Featuring a wealth of case-study material and insights from leading experts in the field, this highly original volume forces an important re-think in a contentious area of African politics and development.
