http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4929 andragogy
andragogy
The use of multimedia and effectiveness of learning : the use of multimedia in adult education, effectiveness of learning and its connection to learners' personal qualities and to the learning environment
Preparation of the engaged couple for the catholic marriage = Sužadėtinių rengimas katalikiškajai santuokai : summary of doctoral dissertation social sciences, educational science (07S)
The adult learner : a neglected species
The modern practice of adult education : from pedagogy to andragogy
Adult and continuing education : major themes in education. Vol. 4, Teaching, learning and research
Andragogy in action
"Supporting Student Transitions 14-19 offers transition focused approaches to planning, teaching, learning and assessment designed to meet the needs of these unique learners. Drawing upon the latest research and theory, as well as the authors' extensive experience in the field, it examines in detail transitions in teaching and learning in this complex sector. Drawing out and critically analysing the key features of both pedagogy and andragogy, the book presents the best elements of each to provide all tutors and practitioners involved in the teaching of 14-19 learners with clear strategies for supporting this group. Practical advice backed by sound theory will provide readers with a clear understanding of the requirements and needs of learners in the school, college and university. Topics explored include: The role of the teacher in supporting student transitions: Understanding transition focused approaches. Emotional and social factors involved. Recognising difficulties and helping students prepare Supporting Student Transitions 14-19 is a practical guide also offering a unique contribution to the discourse on this important sector of education, increasingly afforded the attention it deserves. It will be an essential resource for trainee teachers, students of PCET, lecturers and teachers wanting to build upon their understanding of this group of learners. "--
Learning in adulthood : a comprehensive guide
The craft of teaching adults
The adult learner : the definitive classic in adult education and human resource development
"This book provides relevant theoretical frameworks and the latest empirical research findings in the area of integrating adult learning and technology, exploring different innovative and strategic instructional approaches"--Provided by publisher.
Boundaries of adult learning
Etelä-Pohjanmaan työttömien työkyvyn edistäminen -projekti 1997-1999. Opi oppimaan yleissivistävien aineiden avulla : andragogisen mallin sovellus = "Learn to learn by means of liberal studies"
Supporting student transitions 14-19 : approaches to teaching and learning
Learning and teaching in adult education : contemporary theories
Adult education : outlines of an emerging field of university study
Quinn's principles and practice of nurse education
Social pedagogy for the entire lifespan. Volume II
Self-directed learning : a guide for learners and teachers
How do you tailor education to the learning needs of adults? Do they learn differently from children? How does their life experience inform their learning processes? These were the questions at the heart of Malcolm Knowles' pioneering theory of andragogy which transformed education theory in the 1970s. The resulting principles of a self-directed, experiential, problem-centred approach to learning have been hugely influential and are still the basis of the learning practices we use today. Understanding these principles is the cornerstone of increasing motivation and enabling adult learners to achieve. This update of a pioneering classic contains all Knowles' original chapters alongside a newer second part by Elwood Ed Holton and Richard A Swanson charting the advancements on these core principles. A third section includes selected readings from previous editions to illustrate the theory's evolution, as well as important articles from other key experts around the world for a comprehensive view. This new edition includes: * New chapter outlines, learning objectives and careful edits of Malcolm Knowles' work to simplify the original theory * Updates to the second part to reflect the very latest advancements in the field * Revisions throughout to make it more readable and relevant to your practices.
Learning for life : a case study of two EFL coursebooks for adults from andragological perspective
Learning theory and classroom practice in the lifelong learning sector
Adult education : from practice to theory building
Integrating adult learning and technologies for effective education : strategic approaches
Adults learning Finnish as a foreign language : role of support, emotions and reasons connected with learning
Educating older people
