http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4923 handicrafts
handicrafts
Subversive cross stitch : 50 f*cking clever designs for your sassy side
Physical work load as a risk factor for symptoms in the neck and upper limbs : exposure assessment and ergonomic intervention
Notes on applied work and patchwork
Sticka efter svenska mönster = Traditional Swedish patterns for knitting
Kaffe Fassett's bold blooms : quilts and other works celebrating flowers
The world is your oyster! : a material package for teaching handcrafts through CLIL
Doll fashion without sewing : world cruise = Puppenkleidung ohne Nähen : world cruise = Vestiti per bambole senza cucire : world cruise = Roupa de boneca sem costura : world cruise = Vêtements de poupée sans couture : world cruise. Vol. 4
Zodiac felties : 16 compelling astrological characters to craft
Half yard Christmas : easy sewing projects using left-over pieces of fabric
Proceedings of the Crafticulation & Education Conference
Crafts : the magazine for contemporary craft
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
The encyclopedia of embroidery techniques
Simple jewelry : handcrafted designs and easy techniques
Tinwork : 25 step-by-step practical ideas for hand-crafted tin projects
Minoan crafts : tools and techniques : an introduction. Vol. 2
Woollen handicrafts on the Baltic islands : handbook and DVD film
Beautiful designs with superduos and twin beads
Hooked on rubber band jewelry : 12 off-the-loom designs for bracelets, necklaces, and other accessories
Rug hooking for the first time
Festival fabulous : over 30 craft projects for a unique festival experience
Crochet in no time : 50 scarves, wraps, jumpers & more to make on the move
Handmade weddings : more than 50 crafts to style and personlize your big day
Country style quilting
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
In his latest quilt collection, Kaffe Fassett presents 20 stunning new quilts in a range of block patterns, from simple designs to more complex patterns. Featuring Kaffe's newest fabric designs and colour ways, as well as some tried and true favourites, quilters of all skill levels will love this new addition to Kaffe's body of work. There is a quilt for every taste and level of skill. Fassett gives quilters practical information on cutting out and stitching each quilt, along with templates and provides a practical know-how section on basic patch working systems. The combination of Kaffe's eye-catching, colourful designs and Brandon's simpler, graphic patterns offer the ideal range for quilt makers.
Sweet baby blankets : the best of Mary Maxim
"Knitting aficionado and notable artisan Clara Parkes delves into her storied travels with this inspiring and witty memoir on a creative life enriched by her adventures around the world. Building on the success of The Yarn Whisperer, Parkes's rich personal essays invite readers and devoted crafters on excursions to be savored, from a guide who quickly comes to feel like a trusted confidante. In Knitlandia, she takes readers along on 17 of her most memorable journeys across the globe over the last 15 years, with stories spanning from the fjords of Iceland to a cozy yarn shop in Paris's 13th arrondissement. Also known for her PBS television appearances and hugely popular line of small-batch handcrafted yarns, Parkes weaves her personal blend of wisdom and humor into this eloquently down-to-earth guide that is part personal travel narrative and part cultural history, touching the heart of what it means to live creatively."--provided by Amazon.com.
Embroidery basics : all you need to know to start stitching
Papermaking : 25 creative handmade projects shown step by step
Wild things : funky little clothes to sew
The craft companion
Knitlandia : a knitter sees the world
Kaffe Fassett's quilts in Italy : 20 designs from Rowan for patchwork and quilting
Embroidery companion : classic designs for modern living : 30 projects in decorative embroidery, counted cross stitch, and crewelwork
Big needles chunky knits
Cute and easy crocheted baby clothes : 35 adorable projects for 0-3 year-olds
Sámi Duodji : Sámi duodjesearvvi 30-jagi ávvudančájáhusa čájáhuskataloga = Saamenkäsityö : Saamenkäsityöyhdistyksen 30-vuotisjuhlanäyttelyn näyttelyluettelo = Sámi handicraft : catalogue for the jubilee exhibition of the Sámi Handicraft Association's 30th anniversary
Papercraft inspirations : e-lehti
Forgotten ways for modern days : kitchen cures and household lore for a natural home and garden
Gateway. 2, Pupil's book
One hour craft
Craftmaking designers : creativity and empowerment through craft workshops
Protection, continuity and gender : craft trade culture in the Baltic Sea region (14th-16th centuries)
Modern crocheted shawls & wraps : 35 stylish ways to keep warm from lacy shawls to chunky throws
Let's get crafty with paper & glue : creative and fun projects for kids aged 2 and up
The complete stitch encyclopedia
Mend & make fabulous : stylish solutions to give your clothes a new lease of life
Now I can sew : 20 hand-sewn projects to make
Dressing up 18" dolly
Cross stitcher : e-lehti
Stickmaking handbook
African textiles : color and creativity across a continent
Beginner's guide to quilting: 16 projects to learn to quilt
In the spirit of Uno Cygnaeus : pedagogical questions of today and tomorrow
A cross stitcher's oriental Odyssey
Crochet yourself calm
Sewn together : 25 fun projects to sew with kids
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
The big book of weekend crochet : 40 stylish projects, from sweaters and scarves to blankets
100 little crochet gifts to make
Handmade lampshades : beautiful designs to illuminate your home
The new Anchor book of counted thread embroidery stitches
Thesaurus construction and use : a practical manual
Mollie makes feathered friends : making, thrifting, collecting, crafting
Find your style and knit it too
101 socks : circular needles, felted, addi-express, toe up, crocheted, and spiral knit
Indibuu  : traditional Craft and Cultural Design
101 ways to have fun : things you can do with friends, anytime!
Cute & easy crocheted cosies : 35 simply stylish projects to make and give
Stitch'n bitch nation
1, 2, 3, sew : build your skills with 33 simple sewing projects
Carefree clothes for girls : 20 patterns for outdoor frocks, playdate dresses, and more
Craftmaking designers: creativity and empowerment through craft workshops
Paracord jewelry : 35 stylish projects using traditional knotting techniques
Internationalization of Finnish handicraft businesses : a Turku region business case study
Leather manufacture through the ages : proceedings of the 27th East Midlands Industrial Archaeology Conference, October 1983
Knitty gritty : for the absolute beginner knitter
Pretty birds : 18 simple projects to sew and love
Reconstructing the pattern of a vernacular tradition
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
75 crocheted floral blocks : beautiful patterns to mix and match for throws, accessories, baby blankets and more
Pretty things : easy to make
Duodji - slöjdens mästare : en bok om den magiska sameslöjden : a book about the magic Sami handicraft = Masters of Sami handicraft
Cable left, cable right : 94 knitted cables
Creative crafts encyclopedia
Instructional work in textile craft : studies of interaction, embodiment and the making of objects
Sewing with oilcloth
Card weaving
Not your mama's felting : the cool and creative way to get it together
Japanese fabric flowers : 65 decorative kanzashi flowers to make
Implementing change in hand hygiene and asepsis in haemodialysis nursing care : a literature review
Let's get crafty with fabric & felt : 25 creative and fun projects for kids aged 2 and up
Modern bee : 13 quilts to make with friends
Woodcraft magazine : e-lehti
Mini makers : crafty makes to create with your kids
Curls. 2 : versatile, wearable wraps to knit at any gauge
Craft projects for minecraft and pixel art fans : unofficial how to guide : 15 fun, easy-to-make projects
America's traditional crafts
Winter essential knits : twelve hand  knit designs
Jelly roll inspirations
The crafty kid
Popcorns, bobbles & puffs to crochet : the visual guide to everything you need to know
Marketing Opportunities of Handicrafts in Finland
Rainbow crocheted blankets : a block-by-block guide to creating colourful afghans and throws
Fishermen's sweaters : 20 exclusive knitwear designs for all generations
Bring out your child's creative side with Let's Get Crafty with Paper & Glue. This inspiring book has 25 easy-to-achieve projects that you and your child can enjoy making together at home. The creative ideas include colourful party cones and bracelets that your child can give as gifts, and pretty paper chains to decorate your child's bedroom. Create cute creatures, such as a pig and frog from paper plates, and the super-snappy paper crocodile. The emphasis is on teamwork, with you helping with the tricky steps, such as cutting out, and your child doing the fun and messy parts, such as glueing, painting and decorating. As well as being enjoyable, these paper crafts will help you prepare your child for school by developing his fine motor skills and encouraging him to concentrate on a task and complete it. The creative ideas will spark his imagination and for both of you there will be great rewards in finishing a project. Best of all, getting crafty means you will enjoy some fun time together.
Not your mama's crochet : the cool and creative way to join the chain gang
Fairy tale knits : 32 projects to knit happily ever after
Sewing to sell : the beginner's guide to starting a craft business
This Discussion Paper provides insights into the challenges posed by the proliferation of small arms and light weapons in West Africa, paying particular attention to the ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons as a collective sub-regional response to a potent threat to peace, security and development. It connects global and regional discourses on illicit arms control and provides a balanced, empirical examination of the performance of the convention. It is a useful contribution to debates on arms-proliferation control in Africa and provides well-informed recommendations of interest to scholars, peace activists, policy practitioners and strategists working on peace and security in Africa
Simply knitting
Your sharpie style : 75 original sharpie craft projects to design your home and your life
Not your mama's knitting : the cool and creative way to pick up sticks
The book of crafts
Kumihimo basics and beyond : 24 braided and beaded jewelry projects on the kumihimo disk
Quilting with a modern slant : people, patterns and techniques inspiring the modern quilt community
Ami Ami kittens : seriously cute crochet!
The complete practical encyclopedia of needlecrafts : quilting, cross stitch, patchwork, sewing : a comprehensive and inspirational guide to traditional and contemporary handiwork crafts, with more than 340 step-by-step techniques and projects
Christman joys : decorating, crafts & recipes
Hygge knits : Nordic and Fair Isle sweaters, scarves, hats, and more to keep you cozy
Recycled chic
Bead & button : e-lehti
Needlework framing
100 little knitted gifts to make
Summary.
The sampler quilt workbook
Fast peyote stitch jewelry
Stripe quilts made modern : 12 bold & beautiful projects : tips & tricks for working with striped fabrics
The Challenge of sub-regional security in West Africa : the case of the 2006 ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons
Abstract: This final project is part of Improving the Quality of Hand Hygiene and Asepsis in the Care of Nephrological Patients, a project conducted by Metropolia University of Applied Sciences, in collaboration with the Clinics of Nephrology and Infection Diseases of HUCH, the Department of Nursing Science of Turku University Faculty of Medicine, and the Finnish Kidney and Liver  Association.    The purpose of this final project is to identify interventions that can improve hand hygiene adherence in  haemodialysis patient care and, in addition, influence the implementation of change in clinical practice.    There were 15 research articles for this literature review, collected systematically from OVID, CINAHL and PUBMEB. In addition, manual search was conducted in order to find literature supporting the concepts of hand hygiene and asepsis.    The findings showed that single interventions improved hand hygiene adherence but, in order to reach a sustained high level of adherence, multifaceted interventional programmes focusing on education and behavioural change were preferred. They should include educational courses, trainings, poster campaigns, performance feedbacks, use of technology, accessibility to hand rub, and role modelling.    The implementation of change is a long process that depends on the quality and content of the interventions, the nurses' active participation and the support institutions can provide. Further development of multifaceted interventional programmes is needed to ensure that nurses have sufficient knowledge and awareness on hand hygiene and asepsis in the care of nephrological patients.
Victim without a face
Interweave crochet
More jelly roll quilts : 8 projects
Knitting rules!
The mindfulness in knitting : meditations on craft and calm
Better Networking among Craft Family Enterprises in Taizhou: Case: Taizhou Changhui Craft Co., Ltd
Susan B. Anderson's kids' knitting workshop : the easiest and most effective way to learn to knit!
Boho bags : 15 unique and stylish bags to sew
Holiday crafts : 50 projects for year-round family fun
Evaluation of ergonomics and efficacy of instruments in dentistry
Crafts beautiful
Making soft toys
Girl's guide to DIY fashion : design & sew 5 complete outfits : mood boards, fashion sketching, choosing fabric, adding style
Knitted snoods
Shadows : twenty-one designs
A-Z of ribbon embroidery
Knitting masterclass: with over 20 technical workshops and 15 beautiful patterns
Stringwork  : 25 decorative projects shown step by step
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Crafts for children
400 knitting stitches: great stitch patterns
Whisper : twenty-one designs
Crafts in the early Isin period : a study of the Isin craft archive from the reigns of Išbi-erra and Šū-ilišu
Crochet home : 20 vintage modern crochet projects for the home
500 flower & animal cross stitch designs
Handmade heirlooms : crafting with intention, making things that matter and connecting to family & tradition
Beautiful cross-stitch : designs and projects inspired by the world around you
Knit today
A treasure of ebroidery designs : charts and patterns from the great collections
Modern patchwork : e-lehti
Haynes sewing manual : the complete step-by-step guide to sewing skills : choosing & using a sewing machine, sewing techniques, tools & equipment, home furnishings, dressmaking, patchworking, troubleshooting
Quick & easy patchwork
My felt doll : easy sewing patterns for wonderfully whimsical dolls
The new anchor book of counted thread embroidery stitches
Sewing room accessories
Pom-poms! : 25 awesomely fluffy projects
Create your own bling : Add glamour to your favorite accessories
Scandinavian weaving : projects to make for your home
Woman's weekly guide to crochet
Japanese folded patchwork : techniques, projects, and designs of a unique Asian craft
My first stitching & sewing book : learn how to sew with these 35 cute & easy projects : simple stitches, sweet embroidery, pretty appliqué
I got 99 problems but a stitch ain't one : cross-stitch with attitude to liven up your home
Not your mamas stitching : the cool and creative way to stitch it to 'em
The Benefits of Tourism Handicraft Sales at Mwenge Handicrafts Centre in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania
Abstract. - Swedish summary.
Interweave knits : e-lehti
The quiltmakers
(Fe)male crafts : the gender-based craft education in Finland
Pretty patches
Crocodile stitch afghans : create 5 beautiful afghans using the popular crocodile stitch
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
Literary Knits features 30 knitting patterns inspired by beloved characters from classic books; from Pride and Prejudice to Moby Dick, The Catcher in the Rye to The Chronicles of Narnia—and many more in between. Inspired by some of the most beloved characters from favorite books, including an elegant Daisy Cloche inspired by The Great Gatsby and a late '50s-inspired Holly Golightly Dress imagined from Breakfast at Tiffany's, the more than 30 knitting projects in this unique collection will inspire.
"Compelling Collection: Drawing from the fashion trends of the 40's through the 70's, the patterns will give fans of retro style what they want -- fun, wearable patterns that echo those of days gone by, but that modern knitters can use with greater ease. The designs in the book will represent a balance of classic and kitsch, wardrobe basics and saucy specials. For a bit of extra fun, four craft and sewing patterns between chapters will give readers a way to add retro appeal to their homes and outfits. Appealing design: The book will have a distinctive look that mimics pattern magazines from the past. Colorful photos and styled models will poke lighthearted fun at the looks that date so many of these magazines".
Making Victorian costumes for women
"44 patterns inspired by the '40s, '50s, '60s, and '70s  Knitters love all things vintage-but it's not as easy as picking up an old pattern from decades past. Oftentimes, they use obsolete yarns, aren't sized for today's body shapes, and are written differently than current pattern instructions.  Now, retro-minded crafters get the best of both worlds in this unique collection. Drawing from the fashion trends of the '40s through the '70s, Knitting it Old School offers a bold new twist on vintage-inspired knitting patterns.  Vintage patterns feature newly created designs that flatter today's figure and use contemporary yarns.  Fun, wearable patterns that echo styles of days gone by.  Four bonus sewing patterns to whip up complimentary vintage-themed accessories.  With a balance of classic and kitsch, wardrobe basics and saucy specials, Knitting it Old School is a breath of fresh air for knitters who love "old" but want to be "new.".
The true love quilting club
Drawing inspiration from the natural beauty of flowers, Kaffe Fassett's Bold Blooms invites crafters to explore the behind-the-scenes process and fascinating design methods used to create Kaffe's bold fabrics and modern colour palettes--from 'sketching' with fabric swatches to creating mood boards and renderings to sewing visually striking quilts. Featured throughout are 18 new quilt patterns and seven new needlepoints.
The best of Jane Austen knits : 27 regency-inspired designs
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Connect the Shapes crochet motifs : Creative techniques for joining motifs of all shapes
Literary knits : 30 patterns inspired by favorite books
Des Pawson's knot craft and rope mats : 60 ropework projects including 20 mat designs
Knitting it old school : 43 vintage-inspired patterns
The Quilter magazine : Helsinki
