http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4930 didactics
didactics
Outdoor play in the early years : management and innovation
The dance workshop
The International Congress on the Problem Solving in Mathematics - ProMath 2004 - June 30- July 2, 2004, Lahti, Finland
Stories by O. Henry
Aspects of science education in English schools
Language studies : reading curriculum. reader
Structure in teaching : theory and analysis
Understanding European didactics : an overview : didactics (didaktik, didaktik(k), didactique)
Extracts from Finnish into English : an introduction to translation
Prescriptive teaching
Primary science...taking the plunge : how to teach primary science more effectively
This book is a complete introduction for all educators who want to understand the techniques, theories and methods of teaching today. It explores the issues that underpin teaching, offering fresh insights with a broad multidisciplinary perspective. It will help teachers at all levels to understand the techniques that they can call upon at different times and situations, and will help to develop more effective teaching practice. This fully updated second edition contains new material on e-moderating and its implications for teaching theory, issues surrounding discipline, and the ethical dimensions of teaching. "The Theory and Practice of Teaching" will be of interest to anyone wanting to develop a deep understanding of the key themes and latest developments in teaching, and is an ideal companion volume to "The Theory and Practice of Learning."
Systematic observation of teaching : an interaction analysis-instructional strategy approach
With a summary in Swedish.
History teaching and historical understanding
A year in the art of a primary school
Production of meaning in curriculum
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2016. Nro 1 : Vol. 19
Football didactics
Learning mathematics and Logo
Research on the educational effects of gymnastics
Educating the ablest : a book of readings on the education of gifted children
The teaching of secondary school mathematics
The teaching of geography
Lipservice : the story of talk in schools : reflections on the development of talk and talk opportunities in schools 5-16
Geography and the integrated curriculum : a reader
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2013. Nro 1 : Vol. 16
The "X" factor : personality traits of exceptional science teachers
Reflective teaching : the study of your constructivist practices
Modern mathematics for schools. 3
Issues in music teaching
Classroom teaching skills : the research findings of the Teacher Education Project
Developments in mathemnatical education : proceedings of the second International Congress on Mathematical Education
The practice of teaching
Object Lessons : Teaching Math Through the Visual Arts, K-5
Instructional design : readings
Issues in science education : science competence in a social and ecological context
African studies and the undergraduate curriculum
Nordic research in mathematics education : Proceedings of NORMA14, Turku, June 3–6, 2014
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2010. Nro 1 : Vol. 13
Teacher training
Teaching for understanding in division : a case of elementary teacher students
Resources pack teacher's book
The development of expertise in pedagogy
Welcome to English. 3
Investigating and making in art
Home economics investigations
Teaching reading comprehension : meaning makers at work
Help! : I'm teaching middle school science
One, two, three. 1 b, Teacher's guide
Current research on mathematics and science education : proceedings of the XXI Annual Symposium of the Finnish Association of Mathematics and Science Education Research
Innovations in science and technology education. Vol. 1
Principles and practice of teaching : selected readings
Didaktik/Fachdidaktik as science(-s) of the teaching profession? : papers of a symposium of TNTEE sub-network A at the ECER in Frankfurt, Semptember 1997
Stories by Jack London
Children and social studies : creative teaching in the elementary classroom
Teaching mathematics to children with special needs. Fredricka K. Reisman, Samuel H. Kauffman
Goals for the correlation of elementary science and mathematics : the report of the Cambridge Conference on the Correlation of Science and Mathematics in the Schools
Strategies for teaching children mathematics
Teaching classics today : a progress report
Instructional strategies
Teaching statistics and probability
Understanding language teaching : from method to post-method
Mathematics for the middle grades (5-9)
Media education
Geography teaching with a little latitude
Languages and children - making the match : foreign language instruction in the elementary school
The geography teacher's guide to the classroom
Jazz in the classroom : practical sessions in jazz and improvisation. Teacher's book
Teaching and learning primary science
Intermediate mathematics methodology : report of the Intermadiate mathematics methodology committee
Modern mathematics and the teacher
Trends in language teaching
Learning to teach mathematics
Better teaching in physical education? Think about it! : proceedings of the international seminar on "Training of teachers in reflective practice of physical education", Trois-Rivières, Québec, Canada, July 1993
Teaching physical education
Teaching the young child : a handbook of classroom practice
Adult education and lifelong learning : theory and practice
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2015. Nro 2 : Vol. 18
Language studies : reading curriculum. study guide
Reading, how to : a people's guide to alternatives to learning and testing
Art, culture, and environment : a catalyst for teaching
About to teach : an introduction to method in teaching
One, two, three. 2 a, Teacher's guide
Selected stories by American authors
Children learning mathematics : a teacher's guide to recent research
A Unified ”Trinity”-model for the Didactics of Caring Science : the Cultivation of ”Head, Heart and Hand”
Historical thinking and other unnatural acts : charting the future of teaching the past
From brawn to brain : strong signals in foreign language education : proceedings of the ViKiPeda-2007 Conference in Helsinki, May 21-22, 2007
Didactical phenomenology of mathematical structures
The IEA study of mathematics. 2, Contexts and outcomes of school mathematics
Studies in mathematics education. 2
Studies in mathematics education. Vol. 6, Out-of-school mathematics education
Restructuring science education : the importance of theories and their development
The whole language evaluation book
Criteria for scientific quality and relevance in the didactics of mathematics
Pedagogical guidelines for simulator training
Educational encounters : Nordic studies in early childhood didactics
Antiquarian voices : the Roman Academy and the commentary tradition on Ovid's Fasti
Professional standards for teaching mathematics
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2012. Nro 1 : Vol. 15
The theory and practice of teaching
Child-centered skiing : the American teaching system for children
Effects of authentic learning and e-learning in an introductory chemistry laboratory course
Advances in research on teaching : a research annual
Pictures of Somali life : picture pack
Teaching religion : the secularization of religion instruction in a West German school system
Learning in science : the implications of children's science
The psychology of mathematics for instruction
A synthesis of teaching methods
School science and mathematics
Teaching in a world of change
Teaching an Algonkian language as a second language
Modern mathematics for schools. 2
Teaching young readers. Part 1, Age 4-9
Welcome to English. 1 B/4, Teacher's book
Use of test forms of control for the final evaluation of the knowledge and abilities related to teaching methods acquired by the bachelors of russian as a forgein langusge speciality (in Lithaunia and Russia) : summary of the doctoral dissertation : social sciences, educational sciences (07 S)
The history of art education
Modern mathematics for schools. 1
Managing mathematics in the primary school : a practical resource for the ordinator
Since ancient times, the pundits have lamented young people's lack of historical knowledge and warned that ignorance of the past surely condemns humanity to repeating its mistakes. In the contemporary United States, this dire outlook drives a contentious debate about what key events, nations, and people are essential for history students. Sam Wineburg says that we are asking the wrong questions. This book demolishes the conventional notion that there is one true history and one best way to teach it. Although most of us think of history and learn it as a conglomeration of facts, dates, and key figures, for professional historians it is a way of knowing, a method for developing an understanding about the relationships of peoples and events in the past. A cognitive psychologist, Wineburg has been engaged in studying what is intrinsic to historical thinking, how it might be taught, and why most students still adhere to the 'one damned thing after another' concept of history. Whether he is comparing how students and historians interpret documentary evidence or analyzing children's drawings, Wineburg's essays offer 'rough maps of how ordinary people think about the past and use it to understand the present'. Arguing that we all absorb lessons about history in many settings in kitchen table conversations, at the movies, or on the world-wide web, for instance these essays acknowledge the role of collective memory in filtering what we learn in school and shaping our historical thinking.
Basic concepts of teaching
Skills and processes in science education : a critical analysis
Studies in mathematics education. Vol. 5, Geometry in schools
Mathematics : a human endeavor : a book for those who think they don't like the subject
Say it in English. 1, Opettajan opas : B. Kirjakausi
Teaching and training : a handbook for instructors
Mother tongue practice in the schools : conditions - views - experiments
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2012. Nro 2 : Vol. 15
Art, craft and design in the primary school
Elementary Subjects Center series
Mnemozinon : âzyk i kul'tura v mire rusofonii : sbornik statej k ûbileû Dena Dèvidsona ot ego učenikov i kolleg = Mnemosynon : studies on language and culture in the russophone world : Presented to Dan E. Davidson by his students and colleagues
Teaching history
Organizing for mathematics instruction : 1977 yearbook
New linguistic impulses in foreign language teaching
The politics of mathematics education
Toward a new era in arts education
Geometry by tiling? : Geometric thinking based on van Hiele's theory and a Tiling project of tessellations in basic education.
Geographical work in primary and middle schools
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2008.. Nro 1-2 : Vol. 11
Modern innovations in the teaching of reading
One, two, three. 1, English for children
Science and technology education and national development
History in the service of mankind : international guidelines and history education in upper secondary schools in Sweden, 1927-2002
Math activities for children : a diagnostic and developmental approach
Physical education for children : daily lesson plans
Essentials of science classroom assessment
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2014. Nro 2 : Vol. 17
Welcome to English. 1 B/3, Teacher's book
A handbook of biology teaching methods
A study of the logic of teaching
Progress in primary science : workshop materials for teacher education
Teaching children through the environment
Applications in school mathematics
Mathematics for the majority : a programme in Mathematics for the young school leaver
New methods in RE teaching : an experiential approach
The geography of outdoor recreation : suggestions for practical exercises and fieldwork
How children learn mathematics : teaching implications of Piaget's research
Music in today's classroom : creating, listening, performing
Interpretatsioonipedagoogika probleemid = On Problems in Pedagogy of Interpretation. 2
Knowledge and understanding in art
The importance of objectives in foreign language instruction as rated by teachers
How to teach a foreign language
Sport and disabled athletes
Introduction to music education
Didactics af mathematics as a scientific discipline
Teaching mathematics in grades K-8 : research based methods
Let's act it : English dialogues for the classroom
Gymnastics : a text-book of the German-American system of gymnastics, specially adapted to the use of teachers and pupils in public and private schools and gymnasiums
Religion and the secondary school : a report undertaken on behalf of the Education Department of the British Council of Churches
Elementary school mathematics : a guide to current research
Native languages : primary, junior, intermediate, and senior divisions : resource guide
Interpretatsioonipedagoogika probleemid = On Problems in Pedagogy of Interpretation. 1
Teaching science through discovery
Stories by Edgar Allan Poe
Natural science : a teacher's handbook
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2007.. Nro 1-2 : Vol. 10
Physical education and development 3-11 : a guide for teachers
The process of education
Sharing maths culture : impact : inventing maths for parents and children and teachers
Today and yesterday : a British-American reader = (Englantilais-amerikkalainen lukemisto lukioastetta varten)
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2009.. Nro 1 : Vol. 12
Effective instructional strategies : from theory to practice
New trends in physics teaching. Vol. 4
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2013. Nro 2 : Vol. 16
Art in secondary education : (11 to 16)
Opportunities in mathematics for primary schools
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2015. Nro 1 : Vol. 18
Musiikkikasvatus = The finnish journal of music education. 2016. Nro 2 : Vol. 19
The art of teaching
Physics investigations
Helping children learn mathematics
Dance training for gymnastics
Curriculum gymnastics : a teacher's guide to theory and practice
The ideas of algebra, K-12
Modern mathematics for schools. 7
P. E. teachers' handbook for primary schools
Mapping the terrain of learner autonomy : learning environments, learning communities and identities
New perspectives in organization research : consisting of papers from a Conference on Research in Organizations ... at Carnegie Institute of Technology June 22-24, 1962 and a seminar on the Social Science of Organizations ... at the University of Pittsburgh June 10-23, 1962
Themes for educational gymnastics
The teaching of reading : a collection undertaken by the International reading association on behalf of Unesco
Message, meaning, and lessons in hip hop : "lessons are blessings you should learn through"
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2014. Nro 1 : Vol. 17
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2009.. Nro 2 : Vol. 12
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2011. Nro 1 : Vol. 14
Say it in English. 2, Pupil's book
