http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4933 natural history museums
natural history museums
Group inquiry at science museum exhibits : getting visitors to ask juicy questions
The number of accessions in 2010 amounted to 652 vertebrate specimens, some 36,600 insects, and 11,231 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and some noteworthy records for Finland are reported..
Accessions to the Zoological Museum, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors, in 2005.
Type specimens of birds in the American Museum of Natural History. Part 6, Passeriformes: Prunellidae, Turdidae, Orthonychidae, Timaliidae, Paradoxornithidae, Picathartidae, and Polioptilidae
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2009.
Clocks and watches : the collection of the Worshipful company of clockmakers
Interact : Exhilarate, participate, educate : Exhibitions, interactives and 3D communications solutions
Storage of natural history collections. V. 2, Ideas and practical solutions
Habitat dioramas : illusions of wilderness in museums of natural history
Different images of science : a study of how science is constituted in exhibitions
The number of accessions in 2012 amounted to 960 vertebrate specimens, 13,272 insects, and 3,105 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and noteworthy faunistic records are reported..
The origins of natural science in America : the essays of George Brown Goode
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1997.
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2002.
The herbarium accessions amount to 17,308 specimens, including 6,599 specimens of phanerogams and pteridophytes, 1,708 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 9,000 specimens of fungi (including lichens), and 1 specimen of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Smithsonian plant collections, Guyana : 1989-1991, Lynn J. Gillespie
Catalogue of publications of the Nationaal natuurhistorisch museum, Leiden
Life after death : the conservation of natural history collections
The herbarium accessions amount to 21,068 specimens, including 3,993 specimens of phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,558 of bryophytes, 42 of algae, and 14,475 of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
"A collection of essays on the historical representation and display of animals. Using examples from the eighteenth century to the present, the essays situate case studies in historical and sociocultural context while addressing the importance of visibility for the arrangement and sustenance of human-animal relations"--Provided by publisher.
Lists of the insect types in the Zoological Museum, University of Helsinki. 1-5
Sweden's biological museums
125 years of the Botanical Department of the Hungarian Natural History Museum
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1995.
Libro del congreso : Congress book
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2012.
The Darwin declaration
Stuffed animals & pickled heads : the culture and evolution of natural history museums
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki in 2009.
Sokrovištša akademitšeskih sobrani Sankt-Peterburga = The treasures of the Russian Academy of Sciences collections in St. Petersburg
The rise of the Science Museum under Henry Lyons
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1999.
The number of accessions amounted to 633 vertebrates, 108,716 insects and 11,241 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed, and some noteworthy finds are recorded. Scophthalmus rhombus (L.) (Pisces) and Elachista deriventa Kaila & Mukkala (Insecta, Lepidoptera) are reported as new to Finland..
Federal and international scientific permits : a workshop for natural history museums and collectors : January 29-31, 1997 = Permisos científicos internacionales y federales : un taller para museos de historia natural y coleccionistas : enero 29-31, 1997
Lists of the insect types in the Zoological Museum, University of Helsinki. 10-13
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2010.
Natural materials : sources, properties, and uses
A catalogue of the type specimens of protozoans, invertebrates and fish in the Museum of Natural History and Archaeology, NTNU
The herbarium accessions amount to 16,777 specimens, including 5,605 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,573 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 3,448 specimens of fungi and 5,151 specimens of lichens. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here.
The science of nature : a voice of authority on the natural world
The Natural History Museum : Guide
The number of accessions in 2013 amounted to 1842 vertebrate specimens, 27,9827 insects and 4,889 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below..
Manual of natural history curatorship
Managing the modern herbarium : an inter-disciplinary approach
ENHSIN, the European Natural History Specimen Information Network : a project supported by the European Union Programme: Improving the human potential and the socio-economic knowledge base
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2013.
Natural History Museum : a guidebook
Deutsches Museum of masterpieces of natural science and technology Munich : Illustrated guide through the collections
A study of science museums with special reference to their educational programs
New specimen-based records of Florida birds
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2010.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 2001.
American Museum of Natural History : 125 years of expedition and discovery
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2001.
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2012.
The Science Museum
Lists of the insect types in the Zoological Museum, University of Helsinki. 6-9
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/ Helsingfors in 1993.
The herbarium accessions amount to 17,972 specimens, including 6,193 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,118 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 9,605 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens), and 56 specimens of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,139 specimens, including 5,238 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,598 specimens of bryophytes and algae, and 11,303 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2003.
Scientific, technical, health museums, planetaria : and the popularisation of science
New South American Clausiliidae from the collections of the Florida Museum of Natural History (Gastropoda, Clausiliidae, Neniinae)
Catalog of type specimens of recent Crocodilia and Testudines in the National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution
The Smithsonian Institution African Mammal Project (1961-1972) : an annotated gazetteer of collecting localities and summary of its taxonomic and geographic scope
Utopia's garden : French natural history from Old Regime to Revolution
Finnish Museum of Natural History
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2005.
"The book examines how the museum acquired animals for its exhibits from 1906 to 1948, and how living animals bodies became museum exhibits. Using photographs and documents from the Gothenburg Natural History Museum, the book shows that these museums are in possession of valuable material for writing the cultural history of animals, and that the museums of natural history display a nature that is historically, socially and culturally construed."--P. [4] of cover.
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2006.
Catalogue of the Indian decapod Crustacea in the collection of the Indian Museum. Part 1-3, Brachyura. Anomura. Macrura
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,853 specimens, including 4,751 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,559 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 5,000 specimens of fungi, 7,542 specimens of lichens, and 1 specimen of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here.
Animals on display : the creaturely in museums, zoos, and natural history
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 1992.
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2014.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 2003.
The number of accessions amounted to 895 vertebrates, 49,855 insects, and 9,714 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and some noteworthy records for Finland are reported. Bembidion obtusum Serv. and Polydrusus formosus (Mayer) (Insecta: Coleoptera), Culicoides dewulfi (Goetgh.) (Insecta: Diptera), and Thanatus arcticus Thorell and Palliduphantes insignis (O. P.-Cambr.) (Araneida) are reported as new to Finland..
Voyages of discovery : [a visual celebration of ten of the greatest natural history expeditions]
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 2002.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 2006.
The Naturalist's directory : containing names, addresses and special subjects of study of professional and amateur naturalists of North and South America, etc : and a list of periodicals dealing with the subjects of natural history, also a list of Natural History Museums, and dealers announcements
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2014.
Guide to the Science Museum
Science centres and science events : a science communication handbook
A guide to the Kiowa collections at the Smithsonian Institution
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1996.
The number of accessions in 2013 amounted to 1,577 vertebrate specimens, 23,820 insects, and 2,931 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below.
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2007.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki in 2008.
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,878 specimens, including 5,510 specimens of vascular plants, 2,767 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 11,566 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens), and 35 specimens of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Catalog of type specimens of recent fishes in the National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution. 9, Family Poeciliidae (Teleostei: Cyprinodontiformes
Storage of natural history collections : a preventive conservation approach vol. 1
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2008.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2013.
The Gothenburg Natural History Museum 1833-1933
Catalog of the type specimens of seastars (Echinodermata: Asteroidea) in the National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution
Elephants are not picked from trees : animal biographies in Gothenburg Museum of Natural History
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1998.
Serving understanding and the glory of the land : history of the Moravian Museum
Our Dynamic Earth : the souvenir guide
Museums and the natural environment : the role of natural history museums in biological conservation
Museum studies : an anthology of contexts
Museums and the public understanding of science
Catalog of 1,258 specimens representing 217 species of birds collected in Florida and deposited in the Florida Museum of Natural History from 1992 to 2001. Includes detailed accounts of 53 species of particular interest.
Exploring science in museums
Museum of life
Possessing nature : museums, collecting, and scientific culture in early modern Italy
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,919 specimens, including 6,570 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,103 specimens of bryophytes and algae, and 11,246 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Merchants & marvels : commerce, science, and art in early modern Europe
Découvrez les sites du Muséum national d'histoire naturelle = Discover the sites of the National museum of natural history
A list of the type-specimens of Hymenoptera described by K. Tsuneki in the Museum of Nature and Human Activities, Hyogo (MNHAH)
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1994.
