http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4934 museums
museums
1800-talsmässing = 19th century brass
The number of accessions amounted to 895 vertebrates, 49,855 insects, and 9,714 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and some noteworthy records for Finland are reported. Bembidion obtusum Serv. and Polydrusus formosus (Mayer) (Insecta: Coleoptera), Culicoides dewulfi (Goetgh.) (Insecta: Diptera), and Thanatus arcticus Thorell and Palliduphantes insignis (O. P.-Cambr.) (Araneida) are reported as new to Finland..
The Vatican museums : history, art works, personalities. Part two
The great book of the National Museum
Unknown Fabergé : new finds and re-discoveries
Crossing borders : connecting European identities in museums and online
Twentieth-Century museums I
The herbarium accessions amount to 17,308 specimens, including 6,599 specimens of phanerogams and pteridophytes, 1,708 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 9,000 specimens of fungi (including lichens), and 1 specimen of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Neverwhere
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT at a glance
FNG Research
The National Museum of History, Sofia
Türkmenistanyň muzeýleri = Museums of Turkmenistan = Muzei Turkmenistana
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2013.
History museums in the United States : a critical assessment
Svenskt silver, 1500-1850 : Nationalmuseum = Swedish silver, 1500-1850
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2014.
Motor museums of Europe
Revitalization of a community site-specific art and art festivals : a case of art site Naoshima
The Natural History Museum : Guide
Museum ideals of purpose and method
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki in 2009.
Ateneumin taidemuseo : kuvaluettelo = Konstmuseet i Ateneum : bilder = The Art Gallery of Ateneum : illustrations
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,853 specimens, including 4,751 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,559 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 5,000 specimens of fungi, 7,542 specimens of lichens, and 1 specimen of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here.
Sokrovištša akademitšeskih sobrani Sankt-Peterburga = The treasures of the Russian Academy of Sciences collections in St. Petersburg
The new Brooklyn Museum : the masterplan competition
One hundred years ago, missionary Hilja Heiskanen brought the first Tibetan  and Bhutanese museum collections to Finland.1 The first collection was acquired  by the National Museum in 1908, the second in 1912. At the beginning of the  20th century, Miss Heiskanen worked in the Baxa Duar and Darjeeling districts  in India for nine years in all as a member of the Scandinavian Alliance Mission,  whose original initiative was to convert Tibetans. This interest can be seen in the  contents of the two collections. Heiskanen grouped the 65 items included in the  first collection as Religious items from Tibet, with additions of Bhutanese, Tibetan  and Hindu items.2 The second collection is larger, 121 numbers, and, according to  the description given by Heiskanen, it consists mainly of various Tibetan items.3  Some of these objects are presented in this paper. According to the theme of  the workshop Himalayan Nature: Representations and Reality held in Helsinki in  March 2008, items made of organic material, mostly of plant parts, are examined  more closely. This means a group of various objects and samples from ritual  items, such as incense, to the non-sacral utility goods, like sheep fat and samples  of foodstuffs. The main effort has been in identifying the natural materials as far  as possible, and, secondly, to give a short description of the customary use of the  chosen items. Thus the purpose has been to contextualize particular items into  particular cultural environments. Natural materials and the items made of them  can and do draw connecting links into wider cultural contexts concerning many  layers of life.
Exploring science in museums
Nordic inspiration : fresh approaches to museum learning / [editing: Tine Seligmann and Dorthe Godsk Larsen]
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2014.
Motivation Factors in Dark Tourism : case: House of Terror
Roberts' guide to Japanese museums
Museums and art galleries : a design and development guide
The number of accessions in 2013 amounted to 1842 vertebrate specimens, 27,9827 insects and 4,889 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below..
Forward planning : a handbook of business, corporate and development planning for museums and galleries
Opening hours : museums for all
National museums making history in a diverse Europe
Crowdsourcing our cultural heritage
The Spirit of Finland is tangible piece of aluminum, but by its formation it shows S's: Suomi, Sisu, Swan, Sibelius, Sun, and of course, Sauna. These are some of the intangibles that the Finnish Heritage Museum's new sculpture invokes. The new, recently installed, 14 foot abstract aluminum piece graces the front of the Museum on High Street in Fairport Harbor, Ohio..
Aesthetic engagement in museum exhibitions
Standard practices handbook for museums
Collections management for museums : proceedings of an International Conference held in Cambridge, England 26-29 September 1987 The First Annual Conference of The Museum Documentation Association : MDA conference
Waterford treasures : a guide to the historical and archaeological treasures of Waterford City
Museums and the environment : a handbook for education
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2007.
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2008.
Museum and visual art markets
NATIONAL MUSEUM OF WOMEN IN THE ARTS
Unesco Regional Seminar on the Educational Role of Museums, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 7-30 September 1958 : report
Early Interaction in Kiasma's Babies Play with Colour Workshops : A Survey on Parents' Perceptions
Things to see in the Royal Scottish Museum
The cost of collecting : collection management in UK museums : a report commissioned by the Office of Arts & Libraries
International Maritime Museum Hamburg : museum guide
101 places in Italy : a private grand tour, 1001 unforgettable works of art
Spirit of Finland stands quietly and proudly
Museum journals : A Special joint publication by the museum journals of the nordic countries summer 1995
Abstract: Online virtual tour by panoramic photography. The purpose of the project was constructing a virtual tour, usable by a web browser of Espoo city museum's mansion museum to ensure availability of the exhibition during renovation of the premises. The project included defining the scope with the client, technical implementation based on the specifications and instructing the client on installation of the application. The virtual tour was defined as a 360 degree horizontal multi-room panorama presentation that can be viewed with both a traditional desktop computer browser and a mobile device. The virtual tour was implemented by using a DSLR system camera with high dynamic range imaging, a special panoramic tripod head and two pieces of computer software for stitching the pictures together and creating the browser platform for the virtual tour. In addition to creating the virtual tour and specifying the software and hardware, the workflow was defined, with special attention paid to the possible issues of the process. Errors might occur in handling the dynamics of interior photography, specifying the camera settings, selecting a proper camera lens and tripod and stitching the images together. The project acted as both a service done for a client and a definition of requirements for a panoramic virtual presentation. The paper can be utilised as a guide for future projects about virtual space or augmented reality.
A guide book for the Henry Ford Museum
The number of accessions in 2012 amounted to 960 vertebrate specimens, 13,272 insects, and 3,105 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and noteworthy faunistic records are reported..
Guide to veterinary museums of the world
International conference "Transforming culture in the digital age" : 14-16 April 2010, Tartu, Estonia : abstracts
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2013.
Renovation of Ventilation and Air-conditioning System in Old Russian Museums
Little-known museums in and around London
Virtual Museum and Small Museums : ViMuseo.fi Project
Museums and teachers
Exhibitions in museums
The blog as a communication tool : an analysis of Finnish museums' blogs
Ateneum. 1995 : Valtion taidemuseon museojulkaisu = Statens konstmuseums årsskrift = The Finnish National Gallery bulletin
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2010.
The number of accessions in 2013 amounted to 1,577 vertebrate specimens, 23,820 insects, and 2,931 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below.
Regional economic structures in Finland : analyses of location and regional economic impact
The history of museums. Lives of the founders of the British Museum
Catalogue of publications of the Nationaal natuurhistorisch museum, Leiden
Museums in motion : an introduction to the history and functions of museums
A general introductory guide to the Egyptian collections in the British Museum
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki in 2008.
Working with museums
THE RUSSIAN MUSEUM : LENINGRAD : PAINTING
The Museum of national antiquities : Statens historiska museum : a brief illustrated guide
Classics monthly : e-lehti
Little-known museums in and around Berlin
Guide to the Sepänmäki Handicraft Museum
The museum and the visually impaired : the report of the Work Group on Facilities for the Visually Impaired
Museums : their history and their use. Volume 3
Multisensory museum : cross-disciplinary perspectives on touch, sound, smell, memory, and space
Památník národního písemnictví 1953-2013 = The Museum of Czech literature 1953-2013 = Das Museum der tschechischen Literatur 1953-2013
The Bryggen papers. Main series
The Giorgio Franchetti Gallery in the Cà d'oro in Venice
Sveriges naturum = Naturum Visitor Centres in Sweden
Kemin historiaa etsimässä = In search of history of Kemi
Tourist Motivation and Information Search Behaviour
Case: Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma
Making Museum Collections: Missionary Hilja Heiskanen's Himalayan artefacts
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,878 specimens, including 5,510 specimens of vascular plants, 2,767 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 11,566 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens), and 35 specimens of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Representation and retrieval of uncertain temporal information in museum databases
Liberation exhibitions as a commemorative membrane of socialist Hungary
A repertory of maritime museums
A vision of Japan for the 21st century : encounter of contemporary art and folklore = 21-seikiteki kūkan: gendai bijutsu to minzokuteki kūkan no deai
Pathfinder flip-mat : Museum
Museums and the natural environment : the role of natural history museums in biological conservation
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2012.
Guide to the Greek, Roman, English and Chinese coins
Museums and galleries
Edelfelt-Vallgren museo - museum : Porvoon museon taidekokoelmat = Konstsamlingarna i Borgå museum = The art collection of Porvoo Museum
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2012.
Ermitaž : ekskursija po muzeju = The Hermitage : tour of the museum
Museum cataloging in the computer age
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2010.
The Anchorage Museum of History and Art celebrates the completion of the new building July 13, 1986, 121 West Seventh Avenue, Anchorage, Alaska
With summaries and abstracts.
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,139 specimens, including 5,238 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,598 specimens of bryophytes and algae, and 11,303 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
MUISTI (MEMORY) - Digitization and network delivery of Finnish national collections
The presented past : heritage, museums and education
The Hermitage : the biography of a great museum
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Sharing is caring : openness and sharing in the cultural heritage sector
The herbarium accessions amount to 17,972 specimens, including 6,193 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,118 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 9,605 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens), and 56 specimens of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Forum Marinum vuosikirja. 2012, Konepajalla : turkulaisen laivamoottorivalmistuksen historiaa = På motorverkstaden : tillverkningen av fartygsmotorer i Åbo = At the engine factory : the history of ship engine manufacturing in Turku
Laivankuvia Rauman museossa = Portraits of ships at the Rauma Museum
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2009.
The Louvre
Suomen ortodoksisen kirkon taideaarteita Kuopion ortodoksisessa kirkkomuseossa = Art treasures of the eastern orthodox church of Finland in the Kuopio orthodox church museum
Performing heritage : research, practice and innovation in museum theatre and live interpretation
Marketing the arts : a fresh approach
Gornyj muzej : Gornaâ tehnika huložestvennoe lit'e = The Mining Museum : mining and metallurgical equipment, ornamental casting
Museum24 : collaborative writing as a method in local cultural heritage preservation
The science of nature : a voice of authority on the natural world
Museums and young people : three reports
Porvoon museon taidekokoelmat = Konstsamlingarna i Borgå museum = The art collections of Porvoo Museum : Edelfelt-Vallgren museo - museum
Introduction to the collections of the University Museum
Museum architecture
Object lessons : the role of museums in education
The map of lost memories : a novel
The herbarium accessions amount to 21,068 specimens, including 3,993 specimens of phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,558 of bryophytes, 42 of algae, and 14,475 of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
The number of accessions amounted to 633 vertebrates, 108,716 insects and 11,241 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed, and some noteworthy finds are recorded. Scophthalmus rhombus (L.) (Pisces) and Elachista deriventa Kaila & Mukkala (Insecta, Lepidoptera) are reported as new to Finland..
The number of accessions in 2010 amounted to 652 vertebrate specimens, some 36,600 insects, and 11,231 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and some noteworthy records for Finland are reported..
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT : theory & practice
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 1997.
The Cambridge guide to the museums of Britain and Ireland
How to visit a museum
State historical museum : short guide
Some aspects of museum documentation
Museums and memory
Directory of museums in Japan
Open sourcing digital heritage : digital surrogates, museums and knowledge management in the age of open networks
New strategies for communication in museums : proceedings of ICOM/CECA '96
Turun linna ; Åbo slott ; The castle of Åbo
Report of the Director to the Board of Trustees
The Vatican museums : history, art works, personalities. Part one
The secret museum
This Open Access publication presents key findings of research undertaken by the Eunamus consortium in its attempts to understand the 'museology of Europe'. This notion is used here to describe activities which are peculiar to museums and which result from the manner in which museums assemble and deploy objects. This idea can also be used to understand the museological aspects of the city, in which architecture, buildings, monuments, parks, piazzas and boulevards become curated objects.
Museums : their history and their use. Volume 2
Introduction to the Museum Documentation Association
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1997.
The crinoids of the Indian Ocean
From stone age to XVII century : guide to rooms 1-21
The herbarium accessions amount to 16,777 specimens, including 5,605 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,573 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 3,448 specimens of fungi and 5,151 specimens of lichens. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here.
Reimagining museums : practice in the Arabian peninsula
Museums of the world
Ideas and images : developing interpretive history exhibits
Catalog of type specimens of recent Crocodilia and Testudines in the National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution
Adult education and the museum : final report on the Socrates Project TM-AE-1-995-DE-1 : supported by the DGXXII of the European Commission
The Marche & San Marino
Pterodactyls and old lace : museums in education
Museums & galleries of London
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2006.
Annual report of the Director of the Board of Trustees
Training of museum personnel = La formation du personnel des musees
The super science museum kids' explorer book
Economic impact of museums
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT, theory & practice
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,919 specimens, including 6,570 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,103 specimens of bryophytes and algae, and 11,246 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Online virtual tour by panoramic photography
