http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4938 additives
additives
Plastics additives : an industrial guide
Combined compendium of food additive specifications : all specifications monographs from the 1st to the 65th meeting (1956-2005). Vol. 4, Analytical methods, test procedures and laboratory solutions used by and referenced in the food additive specifications
Estimation of food additive intakes
Elintarvikkeiden lisäaineiden laatuvaatimukset = Kvalitativa egenskaper hos tillsatsämnen för livsmedel = Quality characteristics of food additives
Silage : field to feedbunk : Proceedings from the Silage : Field to feedbunk North American Conference : Hershey, Pennsylvania, February 11-13, 1997.
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-seventh report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Concrete construction engineering handbook
Structure and dynamics of core-shell colloids
An ensiling experiment was conducted to assess the possibility for increasing the selenium content in grass silage by using a selenium-enriched silage additive, and to determine possible changes in the form of selenium during ensiling. Prewilted and precision-chopped silage was prepared from the second cut of timothy - meadow fescue sward in southern Finland. The additive treatments (6 g kg-1) were: control without additive, water containing 50 mg sodium selenate kg-1, and formic acid-based additive containing 10, 50 or 500 mg sodium selenate kg-1. The selenium content of the control silage was low (0.069 mg kg-1 dry matter) whereas the selenium content of the other silages was in line with the dose level of selenium delivered in the additive. The added selenate was detected only as selenate in the silages. Addition of sodium selenate to silage additive provided a controlled way to add selenium to the diet of forage-fed animals.
Presentation of an application for assessment of a food additive prior to its authorisation
Food emulsifiers : chemistry, technology, functional properties and applications
Food quality and consumer value : delivering food that satisfies
Food toxicology
Micro and nanoparticles in papermaking
Abstract.
Compendium of food additive specifications : Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives (JECFA), 63rd meeting, Geneva, Switzerland, 8-17 June 2004.. Addendum 12.
Methods for calculating the intake of flavourings
The specifications monographs provide information on the identity and purity of food additives used directly in foods or in food production. The main three objectives of these specifications are to identify the food additive that has been subjected to testing for safety, to ensure that the additive is of the quality required for use in food or in processing, and to reflect and encourage good manufacturing practice. This publication contains information that is useful to all those who work with or are interested in food additives and their safe use in food.
Food safety and food quality
FINRES-Vet 2002-2003: Finnish veterinary antimicrobial resistance monitoring and consumption of antimicrobial agents
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : fifty-fifth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Design of an Intelligent Protection Shield
Dietary preferences of weaned piglets offered diets containing organic acids
Toxicological aspects of food
Freedom of expression : the acid test
Toxicological evaluation of certain food additives
Food additives to extend shelf life
Toxicological evaluation of some food colours, enzymes, flavour enhancers, thickening agents, and certain other food additives
Eat your heart out : why the food business is bad for the planet and your health
Reviews in environmental health, 1997. Reproductive toxicology : reproductive assessment by continuous breeding : evolving study design and summaries of ninety studies
Antimicrobial food additives : characteristics - uses - effects
Name your poison! : a guide to additives in drinks
The effects of creatine supplementation on excercise performance and body composition
Livestock feed resources and feed evaluation in Europe : present situation and future prospects
Food chemicals codex
Not on the label : what really goes into the food on your plate
Sweeteners and sugar alternatives in food technology
Handbook of feed additives 2005
Managing food hygiene
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : seventy-fourth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
SAE 2002 transactions. Section 4, Journal of fuels and lubricants
Food additives
Lubricant additives : chemistry and applications
Food additive toxicology
Chemical food safety : a scientist's perspective
Self-compacting concrete with Admixture 'X'
The effect of clinoptilolite on 137Cs binding in broiler chickens
Summary: Vocabulary of food additives.
Estimation of food additive and pesticide intakes by means of a stepwise method
Sodium reduction in cooked meat products by using commercial potassium phoshate mixtures
Compendium of food additive specifications : Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives : 67th Meeting 2006.
Analysis of artificial sweeteners : development and supervision of methods : applications to intake evaluations
Combined compendium of food additive specifications : all specifications monographs from the 1st to the 65th meeting (1956-2005). Vol. 1-3, Food additives
McCance and Widdowson's The composition of foods
Nutritional toxicology
Paper coating additives : a project of the Coating Additives Committee of the Coating and Graphic Arts Division
Surfactants in cosmetics
Cosmetic microbiology : a practical handbook
Analytical methods for food additives
Food additives and the consumer : manuscript finished in April 1979.
Technology of reduced additive foods
Food additives : a Nordic model for the implementation of EU's directives concerning food additives
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
Handbook of food additives
Specifications for identity and purity of certain food additives : joint FAO/WHO expert committee on food additives, 31st session, Geneva, 16-25 February 1987 and 33rd session, Geneva, 21-30 March 1988.
The vitamin alphabet : your guide to vitamins, minerals and food supplements
Hyperactive child
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-eighth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Principles for the safety assessment of food additives and contaminants in food
Antimicrobials in foods
The role of additives in plastics
Food antioxidants
Toxicological evaluation of some food additives including anticaking agents, antimicrobials, antioxidants, emulsifiers and thickening agents
Lysine supplementation of barley wet distillers' solids diets for growing-finishing pigs
Effect of salt iodization on the quality of pickled vegetables
Plastics additives : an industrial guide. Vol. 3
Dictionary of food ingredients
Biotechnology: an illustrated Primer
Functional fillers for plastics
Handbook of food proteins
Efficiency and stability studies for organic bulk heterojunction solar cells
The sizing of paper
Plastics additives handbook
Food emulsions
Food additives data book
Specification for the identity and purity of some enzymes and certain other substances
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Official methods of analysis of the Association of Official Agricultural Chemists
FAO/WHO food additives data system : evaluations by the joint FAO/WHO expert committee on food additives, 1986, 1987.
Toxicological evaluation of some food colours, thickening agents, and certain other substances
Foundations of food preparation
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Foundations of food preparations
Evaluation of certain food additives : sixty-fifth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives : [Geneva, 6 - 17 June 2005]
Handbook of fiber finish technology
The worldwide directory of agrobiologicals 1991/92
Toward an understanding of laypeople's notions about additives in food : clear-cut viewpoints about additives decrease with education
Food emulsifiers and their applications
Effects of pectolytic enzymes and antioxidants on the quality of dry wines made from pineapple (Ananas comosus L. Merr) peel
Carcinogens and anticarcinogens in the human diet : a comparison of naturally occurring and synthetic substances
Polymer modifiers and additives
Compendium of food additive specifications : Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives, 77th Meeting 2013.
Laypeople's viewpoints about the reasons for expert controversy regarding food additives
Chemicals in your food and in farm produce : their harmful effects
Manuals of food quality control. 7, Food analysis : general techniques, additives, contaminants and composition
Compendium of food additive specifications : Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives, 73rd Meeting 2010.
Elintarvikkeiden lisäaineiden laatuvaatimukset / Kvalitativa egenskaper hos tillsatsämnen för livsmedel / Näringsstyrelsen = Quality characteristics of food additives / National Board of Trade and Consumer Affairs
Extraction of additives from polystyrene and subsequent analysis
Health and nutrition secrets that can save your life
Evaluation of food additives : some enzymes, modified starches, and certain other substances : toxicological evaluations and specifications and a review of the technological efficacy of some antioxidants : fifteenth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Evaluation of certain food additives : fifty-first report of the joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on food additives
Selenium supplementation by addition of sodium selenate with silage additive
Additives for coatings
Compendium of food additive specifications. Addendum 10
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : seventy-third report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Compendium of food additive specifications : Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives 57th session, Rome, Italy, 5-14 June 2001.. Addendum 9.
HPLC for food analysis : a primer
The use of additives in meat products throughout Europe : necessity, customs, legislation = Die Verwendung von Zusatzstoffen in fleischerzeugnissen Quer durch Europa : Notwendigkeit, Tradition, Gesetzgebung
Gums and stabilisers for the food industry 14
Dictionary of food compounds with CD-ROM : additives, flavors, and ingredients
Polyester bottle resins : production, processing, properties and recycling
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Clean eats : over 200 delicious recipes to reset your body's natural balance and discover what it means to be truly healthy
Advances in baking technology
The chemistry of food
Specifications for identity and purity of certain food additives : joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on food additives 35th session, Rome 29 May - 7 June 1989.
Food allergy : adverse reactions to foods and food additives
Compendium of food additive specifications. Addendum 11
Guide to specifications : general notices, general analytical techniques, identification tests, test solutions and other reference materials
Jordbruksverkets foderkontroll 2000 = Feed control by the Swedish Board of Agriculture 2000
Specifications for the identity and purity of some food colours, flavour enhancers, thickening agents, and certain other food additives
Compendium of food additive specifications : Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives, 76th Meeting 2013.
Abstract: FINRES-Vet 2001-2005: Finnish veterinary antimicrobial resistance monitoring and  consumption of antimicrobial agents.
Regulations and legislation on food additives and chemicals for food packaging
