http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p494 public spaces
public spaces
Augmented urban spaces : articulating the physical and electronic city
Spa-de: Space & design : international review of interior design. Vol. 12
Interior lighting
Modern family gardens
Top shops 2
Sign graphics
Designing & planning environmental graphics
Irish public sculpture : a history
Manual on use of school facilities : as used by recreation and youth services agencies within the Los Angeles City School districts
Contemporary sculpture : projects in Münster 1997
Sites + situations : Willem de Kooning Academy postgraduate programme in fine art
New lobbies & waiting rooms
Berlin, Alexanderplatz : transforming place in a unifed Germany
Interior landscapes : an American portfolio of green environments
The question of spatial composition and user quality of sites arises in every urban design concept or intervention in urban public spaces. Squares is the first wide-ranging reference work in which the design and proportions of urban squaresare compared and studied. Seventy European public squares are presented systematically in as-built plan, ground plan, section, and axonometric projection with the most important characteristics.
Based in Istanbul, Autoban is one of the most sought-after design studios worldwide. Founders Seyhan Özdemir and Sefer Ça@011Flar create gorgeous furniture pieces and spectacular interiors at the nexus between Asia and Europe, tradition and modernity@2014a fitting reflection of the city in which they live and work and whose contemporary landscape their design now defines. This book presents a rich selection of Autoban@2019s breathtaking projects that are documented in striking photographs and plans. The distinctive concepts for restaurants, hotels, apartments, offices, and retail spaces showcase the studio@2019s worldview between global cosmopolitanism and its own cultural idiosyncrasies. Insightful texts give further insight into Autoban@2019s creative process and philosophy.
Graphical symbols : safety colours and safety signs = Symboles graphiques : couleurs de sécurité et signaux de sécurité. Part 1 = Partie 1, Design principles for safety signs in workplaces and public areas = Principes de conception pour les signaux de sécurité sur les lieux de travail et dans les lieux publics
Art for public places : critical essays
Power : British management in focus
Exercises of freedom: in personal and institutional site-specific events
Life between buildings : using public space
Quest for space: streetvendors and the use of public space in two Latin American cities
KONE Care For Life : Information Design for KONE Corporation
Transformed buildings
Godt nok er ikke nok : betragtninger om offentlig design = Good enough is not enough : observations on public design
Brazil and Mexico : the attractiveness of Latin architecture and design
Walking's new movement
Showcase of interior designTM
Assimilating Seoul : Japanese rule and the politics of public space in colonial Korea, 1910-1945
Office spaces : 1000 inspirational ideas
Futurescapes : designers for tomorrow's outdoor spaces
Heritage discourse and public space / Maarten Hajer and Arnold Reijndorp
How do you say "Friendship"? : a case study of the meaning of the word : the Tallinn Project 2004-2007 / Anu Pennanen
Ongelma vai haaste? : julkisten rakennusten liikkumisesteiden poistaminen = Ett problem eller en utmaning? : att anpassa offentliga byggnader för rörelsehindrade = Problem or challenge : the removal of barriers preventing accessibility to public buildings
Hotels : international design portfolios
Space and collections earning their keep : transformation, technologies, retooling
You are here : a new approach to signage and wayfinding
The other office 2: creative worldplace design
Behavior in public places : notes on the social organization of gatherings
Between pleasure and virtue : the ambivalence of public space today
Interior spaces : space, light, materials
Towards engaging multipurpose public displays : design space and case studies
Cities for sale : how economic globalization transforms the local public sphere
Open [12] : [freedom of culture : regulation and privatization of intellectual property and public space] / [editors: Stephen Wright... et al.]
Interior design and architecture: critical and primary sources. [Volume 4], Public interaction
Public toilet design : from hotels, bars, restaurants, civic buildings and businesses worlwide
Konst på stan : offentlig utsmyckning i Stockholm = public works of art in Stockholm
Mobility of women and notions of public space in Upper Egypt
Re-imagining the city : art, globalization and urban spaces
Altistuminen erilaisuuden läsnäollessa = Exposure in the presence of difference / Richard Sennett
Autoban : Form. Function. Experience
Place-keeping : open space management in practice
Common space : the city as commons
The art of placemaking : interpreting community through public art and urban design
Accessible architecture : construction and design manual
Public art : new directions
Outdoor types : an urban alphabet
"Oops!" in public space : lapse as tool for social and political organization
How to study public life
Experiencing and evaluating digital augmentation of public urban places
Access to the built heritage : advice on the provision of access for people with diabilities to historic sites open to the public
Civic realism
Residential lighting : a practical guide to beautiful and sustainable design
Urban furniture selection
Contemporary public space : un-volumetric architecture
The furnished landscape : applied art in public places
The right place : shared responsibility and the location of public facilities
UN Studio : design models, architecture, urbanism, infrastructure
Critical issues in public art : content, context, and controversy
International restaurants & bars : 46 outstanding restaurants, cafes, bars & discos
Street furniture
Knoll : home and office furniture
Participatory politics : next generations tactics to remake public spheres
Matti Koskela : julkiset teokset 1972-1993 = works of art in public buildings
Letterscapes : a global survey of typographic installations
You are here : graphics that direct, explain & entertain
Wonderwall : Masamichi Katayama projects N°2
Architecture for healthcare
Merima provides interior solutions using its own efficient concept
Eduardo Nery 1956-1996
The art abandonment project : create and share random acts of art
Managing space : on the aesthetics of public spaces
Hotel & resort interiors
Safer city centres : reviving the public realm
Evictions : art and spatial politics
Oops! Sorry, later just Oops! was a group practice of micro-events and animation for 4 persons that took place in 2009 in the public spaces of Helsinki. It was also staged as a performance production and presented at the Theatre Academy in November 2010. The entire process was circling around a situation of lapsus (a lapse, slip, faux pas). We used lapsus to experiment with cooperation, which is not based on sympathy or consensus. I chose lapsus for its sensual-emotional complexity and immediacy, to be an occasion for alternatives in self-organizing and collective co-emergence. I chose to do research, not through affirmation of any exact alternative or potentiality of alternative, but by inhabiting a state of disruption. I asked people who share my affection for moments of lapse or ones to whom those moments happen frequently to join the project. We were working through combining mechanical and organic processes of dialogue, exchange and production. Methods and tools used in this practice were: lapse, parody, mockery, inconsistency, reanimation and personal resistance.  The main reason to initiate this research was to try out a process that would embrace a condition of fuzzy, fractalized and flexible precarious work structure in cognitive production with its possible collapses. As an event producer in an age of commodification of time, experience and event I decided to play with this structure and to invite a lapsus as a moment of disruption; to see how do we get out from there. Does a collapse produce stiffening or a reinvention of the norm? I see in a lapse an everyday practice of letting go of self-control. Letting go of the constant creation of my face, body and personality as something to be looked at. Letting go of one's own desire to look good. The event of a lapse never fails me. It always works. It always disrupts the consistency of emotions, production, play, drama and interpretation. I believe in tools that are not pretty. A lapse is anti-aesthetical. It disrupts aesthetics, any order and any structure of representation and meaning.  In the written part of my thesis I write about the conceptual base for the Oops! project. The concept of Oops! relates mainly to Giorgio Agamben's idea of parody and it's coexistence with fiction, Paolo Virno's concept of joke as a diagram for innovatory action in public, Félix Guattari's minor notions of lapse in Chaosmosis, and Richard's Schechner's idea of dislocation (not-not-me) relating again with Agamben's concept of remnant. Through this theoretical background I try to make sense and formulate my idea of lapse as a fallacy, micro collapse and minor event of the every day, a momentary state of dealing with the possibility of becoming both, a joke or a failure.  After that I depict what we intended to do with Oops! the plan I wrote before we started to work and during the practice. This part contains a description of the background for the work and the research, how did the group come together and how did it sustain itself for the period of the work. I also describe my main method of working, the method of reanimation and how I have created this sort of prosthesis to deal with the documentary results of live action and with the live action producing documentary results.  Following that I talk about what actually happened in the process of Oops! I concentrate on the most interesting points. I describe the end result, the performance, and point out what was interesting in what we did and what I have found out conceptually and practically. I refer to Franco “Bifo” Berardi's writings on automatism, virtual time and the social consequences of increasingly immaterial labor, and describe surprises, reflections, touching moments and some tools or techniques developed and ready to be carried on.  At the end I draw some conclusions and present a short plan for my next attempt to work with lapse; as an appendix I am attaching the script for Oops!, a collection of concepts, scores and structures we followed on the way.  Throughout the entire text I relate to other artistic projects beside our Oops! project. In the case of the question of parody I refer to the piece by Jeremy Deller, Battle of Orgreave and the documentary of this work by Mike Figgis, both from 2001, also to a work by Yael Bartana from 2011, And Europe will be Stunned and to the film Attenberg from 2010, by Athina Rachel Tsangari. When talking about the method of reanimation and lapse I refer to Martin Arnold's Passage à l'acte from 1993, Jeremy Deller's piece again, my own previous works and Joan Jonas' pieces, Vertical Roll, 1972 and Reanimation, 2012.
Graphics in the third dimension = Graphic Design in der 3. Dimension
Contemporary library architecture : a planning and design guide
Situated crowdsourcing : feasibility, performance and behaviours
The integration of digital technologies into urban life and environments has accelerated rapidly over the past few decades. It has been well established that this digital augmentation is changing the way we use and experience urban places; however, more studies, especially at the micro-level and from an architectural point of view, must be conducted in order to increase our understanding of the phenomenon.In this thesis, I examine the experience and evaluation of digitally augmented public urban places through four case studies, analysing participants' experiences of adaptive lighting pilots and urban displays deployed in real world settings. Digital augmentations were found to be able to alter the genius loci significantly; furthermore, findings from these case studies demonstrate and explain how co-design, existing use patterns and user groups in urban places, climate and weather, and sense of place affect digital augmentations.The thesis makes a methodological contribution in the form of evaluation probes. This method was developed by modifying the cultural probes method for the purposes of evaluative research of design artefacts. The proposed method allows for the emic evaluation of design artefacts without direct researcher presence. In other case studies, I have used ethnographically inspired methods to gather research materials.In analysing research materials I make a theoretical contribution by introducing the concept of emplacement into architectural research. This concept highlights the importance of place in our experience as embodied individuals. Based on my empirical results, I argue for the design of meaningful emplaced experiences through digital augmentation. I also chart the design challenges that have emerged from my studies, utilising them to develop a holistic model that aims to describe experiences of digital augmentation in public urban places.Overall, the thesis proposes participatory design evaluation as a new approach in the field of architecture. It refers to the examination and utilisation of research participants' intersubjective accounts in the evaluation of design artefacts from an experiential point of view. I argue for the benefits of this approach for the further inclusion of research knowledge in design and planning processes.
New public spaces : please walk on the grass
The benefits of public art : the polemics of permanent art in public places
The dynamic landscape : design, ecology and management of naturalistic urban planting
Neighbourhood and community environments
Heterotopia and the city : public space in a postcivil society
Planning guide for conference and communication environments : conference, excellence
Doctors' practices
Self-portrait : the quarterly on good space : special issue
Transforming cities : revival in the square
