http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4946 eating and drinking establishments
eating and drinking establishments
Alehouses and good fellowship in early modern England
Anyone can do it : building Coffee Republic from our kitchen table : 57 real-life laws on entrepreneurship
Running Your Own Catering Company
The best of bars and restaurants
Hospitality sales and promotion : strategies for success
Guest service in the hospitality industry
International hospitality industry : structure, characteristics and issues
Cafés and bars : the architecture of public display
Hospitality Marketing Management
A cultural history of food. Vol. 4, In the early modern age
Well-seasoned : best of restaurant graphics
Montenegro : the Bradt travel guide
Hospitality and restaurant management : competency guide
Food and beverage management for the hospitality, tourism and event industries / John Cousins, David Foskett and Andrew Pennington
Case scenarios in hospitality supervision
The business of tourism
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-american meal
Taverns and drinking in early America
Eat food, not profits! : how computers can save your restaurant
The invention of the restaurant : Paris and modern gastronomic culture
McDonald's
Nigeria : the Bradt travel guide
Rwanda : the Bradt travel guide
Challenges in packaging waste management : a case study in the fast food industry
Successful pubs and inns
Business of hotels
KFC in China : secret recipe for success
Haiti : the Bradt travel guide
Introduction to the hospitality industry
The bar & beverage book
Ethiopia : the Bradt travel guide
The English pub
Food and beverage management
Helsinki streets of food
Outstanding bar and restaurant designs
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
Yours faithfully : hotel and restaurant correspondence
Running Your Own Pub
Restaurant and catering food safety : putting HACCP on the menu
Introduction to the Hospitality Industry
Establishing business in Canada - with emphasis on finding opportunities through franchising in hospitality trade
Start your own restaurant business and more : pizzeria, coffeehouse, deli, bakery, catering business
Food and beverage management : for the hospitality, tourism and event industries
Test your professional English : hotel and catering
Practical professional gastronomy
Marketing in food, hospitality, tourism and events : a critical approach
Hospitality management : a human resources approach
Food service management : how to succeed in the high-risk restaurant business - by someone who did
Starting and running a sandwich-coffee bar : an insider guide
Cornell hotel and restaurant administration quarterly
The food truck handbook : start, grow, and succeed in the mobile food business
Public house and beverage management : key principles and issues
Waves of excess: drinking cultures in Brighton, 1880-1939
Guyana : the Bradt travel guide
Very small cafe ́s & restaurants
Many of us have endured a stint in food service, whether it was our first venture into the working world or served as a part-time job strictly for extra income. For the majority of us, there was never any intention of pursuing it as a career. However, the fast pace and interaction with a variety of people delights some, and they develop an enthusiastic attitude toward the business. These people often understand the sound fundamentals of food preparation, appreciate the value of personal service, and possess excellent people skills. But there is much more to the world of food service and food service management. Food Service Management: How to Succeed in the High-Risk Restaurant Business - By Someone Who Did will reveal all the hidden facets of this fast-paced business and show you how to succeed as a food service manager.  The author, Bill Wentz, speaks from experience, making his advice that much more valuable. Wentz truly understands the industry and shares the priceless experiences he had and lessons he learned throughout his career. In this book, you will learn if a food service career is right for you, the many opportunities available in the industry, and where to go for the best training. Food service managers will learn how to predict food costs, how to achieve profit goals, how to conduct recipe cost analysis, and how to realistically price a menu. In addition, this book discusses labor costs and controls, profit and loss statements, accounting systems, inventory, sanitation, and effective communication.  Furthermore, Wentz shares his philosophies regarding ethics, hospitality, and performance. This book will show you how to develop and nurture your relationships with customers and how to keep them coming back to your establishment time after time, as well as how to be an effective manager, how to hire and train employees, how to get results, and how to further your success. The topics of proper kitchen design and layout, time management, and food quality are also covered in this unique book.  Whether you are considering a career in food services or you are already the manager of an establishment, you will certainly find some wisdom in Wentz's words. Wentz passes on his knowledge in this easy-to-read and entertaining book that not only tells you how to survive in the food service business but also tells you how to be successful.
Don't eat this book
Start your own restaurant and more : pizzeria, coffeehouse, deli, bakery, catering business
Grenada, Carriacou, Petite Martinique : the Bradt travel guide
Sierra Leone : the Bradt travel guide
"How to start, grow, and succeed in the food truck business.Food trucks have become a wildly popular and important part of the hospitality industry. Consumers are flocking to these mobile food businesses in droves, inspiring national food truck competitions and even a show dedicated to the topic on The Food Network. The relatively low cost of entry as compared to starting a restaurant, combined with free and low-cost ways to market them to the masses via platforms like social media, are just two of the reasons that food truck business are drawing in budding entrepreneurs.Author David Weber, a food truck advocate and entrepreneur himself, is here to offer his practical, step-by-step advice to achieving your mobile food mogul dreams in The Food Truck Handbook. This book cuts through all of the hype to give both hopeful entrepreneurs and already established truck owners an accurate portrayal of life on the streets. From concept to gaining a loyal following to preventative maintenance on your equipment this book covers it all. Includes profiles of successful food trucks, detailing their operations, profitability, and scalability. Establish best practices for operating your truck using one-of-a-kind templates for choosing vending locations, opening checklist, closing checklist, and more. Create a sound business plan complete with a reasonable budget and finding vendors you can trust; consider daily operations in detail from start to finish, and ultimately expand your business. Stay lean and profitable by avoiding the most common operating mistakes. Author David Weber is Founder and President of the NYC Food Truck Association (NYCFTA), which brings together small businesses that own and operate premium food trucks in NYC focused on innovation in hospitality, high quality food, and community development. "--
The local : a history of the English pub
Design and equipment for restaurants and foodservice : a management view
Eat out : restaurant design and food experiences. [edited by Robert Klanten, Sven Ehmann & Shonquis Moreno ; text and preface by Shonquis Moreno]
Macedonia : the Bradt travel guide
Cornell hospitality quarterly : hospitality leadership through learning
Swaziland : the Bradt travel guide
Cooking for profit : a new American cook book adapted for the use af all who serve meals for  a price
On-premise catering : hotels, convention & conference centers, and clubs
Foodservice organizations : a managerial and systems approach
Kazakhstan : the Bradt travel guide
The Caterer and Hotelkeeper guide to money matters for hospitality managers
Fast food Nation : What the all-american meal is doing to the world
Business development in licensed retailing : a unit manager's guide
Hospitality marketing management
The hotel and restaurant business
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Menu planning for the hospitality industry
The international hospitality business
Tourism in Europe
At play in the tavern : signs, coins, and bodies in the Middle Ages
Go slow England & Wales : [special places to stay, slow travel and slow food]
Developing hospitality properties and facilities
Japanese inn
Lapland : the Bradt travel guide
Starting and running a successful gastropub or brasserie : location, financing, pricing, marketing, designing, equipping, menus, staffing & accounting
Start your own food truck business : cart, trailer, kiosk, standard and gourmet trucks, mobile catering, bustaurant
Smoking ban in the Finnish and Irish hospitality business
Managerial accounting in the hospitality industry
