http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4947 accommodation providers
accommodation providers
Haiti : the Bradt travel guide
Lapland : the Bradt travel guide
The ecolodge sourcebook : for planners & developers
Hospitality law : managing legal issues in the hospitality industry
Guyana : the Bradt travel guide
Environmental management for hotels : a student's handbook
Matkailutilasto 2005 = Tourism statistics
St. Petersburg and the Florida dream, 1888-1950
A customer satisfaction is a important part of building a successful company. Customers are the best way to measure the company's need of the development and find out what the customers are satisfied of. The author chose to do a research about the customer satisfaction in a small accommodation company called Kaksi Kalaa. It was the first formal and textual customer satisfaction for this company. There exist many researches and theories of how to measure the customer satisfaction. In this case the research was conducted as a questionnaire survey. The collected data is processed with Tixel software and is analysed using Experience Pyramid. The aim for doing this research was not only to help the already existing products and services in Kaksi Kalaa, but hopefully it can also lift up new ideas about how the business could develop and increase in the future.
Buildings for hospitality : principles of care and design for accomodation managers
Macedonia : the Bradt travel guide
Matkailutilasto 1997 = Tourism statistics
Ethiopia : the Bradt travel guide
Summary. - Sammandrag.
Accommodation and travelling in Finland for disabled persons 2000.
Market research for opening a low-cost acconnodation in Levi
Successful pubs and inns
Italian hideaways : discovering enchanting rooms and private villas
The innkeeper of Ivy Hill
Go slow England & Wales : [special places to stay, slow travel and slow food]
The purpose of the following thesis is to create content for the portal, Cyprusforall.com. Cyprusforall.com is a web portal, which functions as an online directory to hotels and other type of accommodation in Cyprus. The portal targets international and Cypriot tourists. Besides providing information about accommodation the portal offers its visitors supporting information regarding travelling in Cyprus.    The objectives of the thesis are to create and upload content for the portal, and to gain theoretical insight into e-marketing and web design, which will ensure academic background for the practical implementation of the project.    The thesis is project-based. The research method used is action research based on analysis, planning, and data collection and reflecting.    The author introduces general concepts related to e-marketing, web design and web content.      The project was carried out by first completing the analysis of the portal and research of the websites with related theme. Based on the analysis and action research findings the information was collected. Finally, the current content was created and uploaded on the portal. Additionally, the author introduced suggestions for the future improvements of the content and portal in general.
Five star English : for the hotel and tourist industry
Open your own bed & breakfast
Rwanda : the Bradt travel guide
Common intrinsic forecasting methods : hotel room demand forecasting case Sokos Hotel Vaakuna
Guesthouses in France : the finest selection from the Michelin guide
The ambrosa collection : an insight into the contract-residential market
A survival guide for hotel and motel professionals
Sierra Leone : the Bradt travel guide
The rough guide to the best places to stay in Britain on a budget
Swaziland : the Bradt travel guide
Just six guests : first-hand, encouraging advice on how to set up and run a small bed & breakfast
The rough guide to Norway
Timpson's English country inns
Grenada, Carriacou, Petite Martinique : the Bradt travel guide
Managing the lodging operation
Travel and tourism
Italy : Special Places to Stay
Spain
Providing accessible accommodation for all
Please your guests : a business guide for small hotels, B&Bs, guesthouses & farmhouses
Montenegro : the Bradt travel guide
Hospitality management : a human resources approach
Cool hotels : best of Europe
Creating content for the portal Cyprusforall.com
Hospitality Management Accounting
International youth hostels 1990-91 : the guide to budget accommodation. Volume 1, Europe and the Mediterranean
Finland handbook 2004 : sales guide for the travel trade
Dynamic pricing agreements of Norwegian hotels from the corporate accounts perspective
Eco-resorts : planning and design for the tropics
Opportunities in hotel and motel careers
Summary. - Referat.
Accommodation and travelling  in Finland for disabled persons 2001
The Cornell School of Hotel Administration on Hospitality : cutting edge thinking and practice
How to found a hostel in Fuengirola, Spain
New York's 100 best little hotels
Study guide to accompany : introduction to the hospitality industry
Introduction to the hospitality industry
A manual for cabin village establishers
100 getaways : around the world = rund die Welt = autour du monde. A-I
Developing a European Youth Hostel Concept  : Case: May Hostel, Ho Chi Minh City
Introduction to hospitality
Computers in Hotels : concepts and applications
What a glorious day : searching for the luxurious linen look in contract residential interiors
400 answers to 26 motels problems : discussions of timely significant problems by motor operators themselves
Foundations of lodging management
International product and promotion strategies of hotels : the case of Finnish hotel industry
100 getaways : around the world = rund die Welt = autour du monde. I-Z
Sustainability in the hospitality industry : principles of sustainable operations
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Adding value to a hostel visit
Accommodation statistics
Rethink critical regionalism : hot spring hotel design
Perspectives of Expanding Business into Russia
A clear understanding of the issues surrounding climate change, global warming, air and water pollution, ozone depletion, deforestation, the loss of biodiversity and global poverty is essential for every manager in the hospitality industry. Present and future hospitality executives need to know how sustainable management systems can be integrated into their businesses while maintaining and hopefully improving the bottom line. "Sustainability in the Hospitality Industry" explores innovative ways to tackle the ever increasing costs of energy and water as well as the moral, ethical, social and political arguments for taking action. This book uses case studies throughout to explore the following key issues: How can hospitality properties and equipment be designed to use less resources? What are the benefits of using more sustainable food and beverage sources? How can environmental impacts be reduced and profitability increased? How can properties integrate sustainability management systems and stay one step ahead of the competition? How can the reputation of a hospitality operation be improved to attract investment by incorporating responsible marketing and corporate social responsibility policies? "Sustainability in the Hospitality Industry" contains stimulating new ideas, solutions, and strategies essential to every student and professional in the hospitality industry. Philip Sloan is from the department of Hospitality Management, International University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef, Bonn, Germany. Willy Legrand is from the Department of Hospitality Management, International University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef, Bonn, Germany. Joseph S. Chen is from the department of Recreation, Park and Tourism Studies, Indiana University, Bloomington, USA. It includes: revealing and refreshing ideas for the neglected area of sustainability in hospitality management; presents viable strategies for saving energy and promoting a positive image for hotel managers, restaurant managers and other hospitality providers; demonstrates principles with case studies from industry and chain hotels; and, stimulates new solutions and strategies to tackle the problem of increasing energy costs and to help alleviate pressure from environmental groups.
British bed & breakfast
Start and run a profitable bed and breakfast
The shape of him
French bed & breakfast
Finland Guide for Young Visitors : (new 1994 edition)
Guesthouses in France : the finest selection from the Michelin Guide : [330 charming guesthouses in France]
Environmental sustainability in North European hotel business
Introduction to travel and tourism : an international approach
The lifeblood of the village of Ivy Hill is its coaching inn, The Bell. When the innkeeper dies suddenly, his genteel wife, Jane, becomes the reluctant owner. With a large loan due, can Jane and her resentful mother-in-law, Thora, find a way to save the inn—and discover fresh hope for the future?
Hospitality marketing management
Kazakhstan : the Bradt travel guide
Bed & breakfast in France 2009
Alastair Sawday's special places to stay. Ireland : ... the most entertaining and special places anywhere in Ireland
Bed & breakfast France
The Greenwood guide to South Africa and Namibia : hand-picked accommodation : including Phophonyane Lodge in Swaziland and Maleala Lodge in Lesotho
Finland handbook 1999.
British bed & breakfast for garden lovers
Suomen majoitusliikkeet 2002 = Accomodation in Finland 2002 = Übernachtung in Finnland 2002.. 2002
Go slow France
Exploring the possibility of creating a business relationship with the case organisation Jolly Dragon and hostels in Helsinki
Good guide to dog friendly pubs, hotels and b&bs
