http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4955 fuel management
fuel management
The quest : energy, security, and the remaking of the modern world
KYT2010 Finnish Research Programme on Nuclear Waste Management 2006-2010 : final report
Natural gas revolution and the Baltic Sea region
Medical solid waste and wastewater treatment business in Vietnam : Market analysis and developing a competitive marketing strategy for selling medical solid waste and wastewater treatment equipment
Application for a decision-in-principle regarding a nuclear power plant : January 2009.
Engine electronics
A master storyteller as well as a leading energy expert, Daniel Yergin continues the riveting story begun in his Pulitzer Prize–winning book, The Prize. In The Quest, Yergin shows us how energy is an engine of global political and economic change and conflict, in a story that spans the energies on which our civilization has been built and the new energies that are competing to replace them. The Quest tells the inside stories, tackles the tough questions, and reveals surprising  insights about coal, electricity, and natural gas. He explains how climate change became a great issue and leads readers through the rebirth of renewable energies, energy independence, and the return of the electric car. Epic in scope and never more timely, The Quest vividly reveals the decisions, technologies, and individuals that are shaping our future.
The engineers : a record of the work done by Shell engineers in the Second World War
Management of separated plutonium : the technical options
Options, experience and trends in spent nuclear fuel management
Organic waste streams in energy and biofuel production
Proceedings of the Workshop on Long-Lived Radionuclide Chemistry in Nuclear Waste Treatment, Villeneuve-lès-Avignon, France 18-20 June 1997
Nuclear waste management in Finland : final report of public sector's research programme JYT2001 (1997-2001)
Evaluation of the liability amount calculations for the encapsulation plant
Looking ahead in world food and agriculture : perspectives to 2050
Summary (s. 9-13).
Forest Bioenergy, Fuel Supply Chains 2008 : book of proceedings
Public policy and the diffusion of technology : an international comparison of large fossil-fueled generating units
Finnish research programme on nuclear waste management, KYT2014 : framework programme for the research period 2011-2014
Biogas production from energy crops and crop residues
The economics of the nuclear fuel cycle
An appraisal of UK energy research, development, demonstration & dissemination
The impact of climate change and bioenergy on nutrition
Tiivistelmä. - Sammandrag. - Abstract.
IEA energy policies review : The European Union 2008
Life-cycle management for transportable storage and ADR-containers
Bioprocess sciences and technology
Energy and the environment
Executive summary (s. 7-8).
Executive summary (s. 5).
Energy, environment, and climate
Future defined by sustainability focus
Technical data 2007 : petrol cars and light commercial vehicles 1997-2007
Initiatives on a sustainable development strategy for Finnish biotechnology
The Finnish Research Programme on Nuclear Waste Management (KYT) 2002 - 2005 : final report
Finnish expert report on best available techniques in energy production from solid recovered fuels
Physics of plutonium recycling : a report. Vol. 1, Issues and perspectives
Combustion and incineration processes : applications in environmental engineering
Combustion and incineration processes
Handbook of environmental engineering calculations
Application for a government decision-in-principle regarding the construction of a nuclear power plant as referred to in Section 11 of the Nuclear Energy Act (990/1987)
Executive summary (s. 9-11).
Microalgae - Energy Production and Wastewater Purification : Three Scenarios for Microalgae Cultivation in the Kujala Waste Management Center
Introduction to energy : resources, technology and society
IEA review of Finnish energy policies 1994
Greenhouse impacts of the use of peat and wood for energy
Greenhouse gas emissions in Finland 1988 and 1990 : energy, industrial, and transport activities
Application of landfill gas to electricity generation
