http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4953 energy management
energy management
From the Publisher: What's the solution to the world's growing energy problem? PERFECT POWER. Electric usage is rising. Fuel costs are rocketing. Blackouts are happening more frequently. Why? Because our electrical power system-built on a vast network of resources including nuclear energy, natural gas, water, and coal-has become woefully outdated, increasingly expensive, and dangerously fragile. We need to change the current system, and we need to do it now. Written by business visionary and former Motorola chairman Robert Galvin, Perfect Power shows us how to create a "perfect" system that can deliver power where needed, at an astonishing reliability standard of 99.9999999 percent. By super-charging the "Six Sigma" concepts that Galvin developed as the founder and CEO at Motorola, we can: meet the energy reliability and quality needs of the Digital Age; generate new goods and services that create jobs, empower consumers, and lower energy cost; eliminate wasteful spending on our electrical infrastructure that can be used for peak power needs; facilitate local, regional, and, ultimately, national energy independence; fundamentally reduce the impact of energy on the environment; and invest in the microgrid revolution. Energy providers and policy makers will reinvent today's centralized power systems and integrate them with new, efficient "microgrids." Investors and entrepreneurs will spot tomorrow's hottest technologies. Consumers will demand change from "the powers that be." And environmentalists will take advantage of cleaner, greener energy sources available. We have the power to fulfill our energy needs, fix our old systems, forge ahead with new ideas, and fuel our dreams. It's Perfect Power.
Multiobjective GAMS-NIMBUS tool applied for the heat exchanger network synthesis
Bioenergy feasibility study - Berzasca, Romania
Environmental science : toward a sustainable future
Introduction to energy : resources, technology and society
Interaction between energy supply and long-term development of the Finnish economy
Community assistance in the energy sector to the countries of Central and Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union
Environmental goods and services sector
Non-traditional security issues in North Korea
Planning for development : methodologies, problems and solution concepts
Systems evolution of waste and by-product management and bioenergy production
Co-operation between Finland and Lithuania in the development of clean technologies
Conference of Ministers of Energy on Co-operation in the Baltic Sea Region : Helsinki, 24-25 October 1999 = Konferenciâ Ministrov ènergetiki po sotrudničestvu v regione Baltijskogo morâ : 24-25 oktâbrâ 1999 goda, Hel'sinki
Energy harvesting solution for electrical machinery
Energy and security in the Baltic Sea region : research papers in international relations
Transitions to alternative energy systems : entrepreneurs, new technologies, and social change
Climate change and energy policy : Proceedings of the International Conference on Global Climate Change : Its Mitigation through Improved Production and Use of Energy, October 21-24, 1991, Los Alamos, New Mexico, USA
Summary (s. 9-13).
Energy systems and sustainability : power for a sustainable future
Rural energy and afforestation : case studies from Ethiopia
Summary.
Uninterruptible power supplies
IEA energy policies review : The European Union 2008
Towards harmonization of environmental standards in the energy sector of ESCWA member states
Energy in the Russian Barents region
The demand for energy in Finnish manufacturing 1960-81 : applying sub-models in revealing substitution structures
Green paper : Towards a European strategy for the security of energy supply
Proceedings of the Sixth International Symposium on Heat Exchange and Renewable Energy Sources
Future Integration of the Baltic Sea States Gas Supply : nternational symposium. November 28-29, 1996. Tallinn, Estonia : Additional documentation
Water recycling and energy management in Virolan puutarha
Export pipelines from the CIS region : geopolitics, securitization, and political decision-making
Regional and industrial co-operation in district heating systems
DO[sup 2]DES - design of optimal distributed energy systems : project report
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Yhteenveto (Summary)
Electric utilities data book
What's good for Gazprom ... isn't that good for Georgia
Energy options for water desalination in selected ESCWA member countries
Energies : an illustrated guide to the biosphere and civilization
Energy efficiency : the definitive guide to the cheapest, cleanest, fastest source of energy
Microalgae - Energy Production and Wastewater Purification : Three Scenarios for Microalgae Cultivation in the Kujala Waste Management Center
Perfect power : how the microgrid revolution will unleash cleaner, greener, and more abundant energy
Energy : management, supply and conservation
Effects of developing country policies on agricultural services, extension, rural infrastructure and energy, health care, water and sanitation
Technology roadmap of security research
Megatrends for energy efficiency and renewable energy
Proceedings of the Joint Energy Workshop for North West Russia, St. Petersburg, 7-8th October 1999
State of the world 1987 : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
Energy for the 21st century : opportunities and challenges for liquefied natural gas (LNG)
Approaches to scale-up CO[sub 2] emissions reduction in the energy supply sector in developing countries
A long-range forecast of energy system development, its manoeuvrability and reliability : materials of the 3rd Soviet-Japanese Energy Symposium, Jurmala, September 22-24, 1982.
Advancing bioenergy for sustainable development guidelines for policymakers and investors
A sustainable Baltic region, 2: Energy. Session 2, Energy : from fossil fuels to sustainable energy resources
Climate change and the energy sector : a country-by-country analysis of national programmes. Vol. 3. The economies in transition
Coping with missing public infrastructure : an analysis of Russian industrial enterprises
Towards a Baltic Sea region strategy in critical infrastructure protection
Global energy policy and security
IEA review of Finnish energy policies 1994
Highlights of the parliamentary colloquy on energy and the environment, Strasbourg 1977
One voice on energy relations with Russia
Analysing strategic energy-related investments in process industries : applied studies at a pulp and board mill
Facing global environmental change : environmental, human, energy, food, health and water security concepts
Energy in the European Community
Methods for assessing the sustainability of integrated municipal waste management and energy supply systems
Vilnius energy security conference 2007 : Responsible energy for responsible partners, 10-11 october 2007.
Greenhouse impacts of the use of peat and wood for energy
Climate vulnerability : understanding and addressing threats to essential resources. Vol. 3, Vulnerability of energy to climate
Renewable energy sources in Sweden
Industrial demand for energy in Finland 1960-82
'Energiemix' versus 'Energiewende' : competing conceptualisations of nuclear energy policy in the German parliamentary debates of 1991-2001
Open for business : entrepreneurs, clean energy and sustainable development
Forest Bioenergy, Fuel Supply Chains 2008 : book of proceedings
Power to the people : how the coming energy revolution will transform an industry, change our lives, and maybe even save the planet
World energy supply : resources, technologies, perspectives
Alternate energy : assessment and implementation reference book
Plus ça change? : infrastructure & energy transit to Europe
State of the world 1988 : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
Cyber-physical security : protecting critical infrastructure at the state and local level
Exergy method : technical and ecological applications
Energy and the new reality. Vol. 2, Carbon-free energy supply
On optimization modeling of industrial energy systems at plant level : development of the decision-making tool "MIND"
Deregulation in the European Union : environmental perspectives
Bioenergy feasibility study : Berzasca, Romania
The quest : energy, security, and the remaking of the modern world
Natural gas revolution and the Baltic Sea region
Long term energy options for Sweden : the IEA model and some simulation results
Influence of differential rates on heating systems
Energy market study in the Baltic Sea region
Lights out : a cyberattack : a nation unprepared : surviving the aftermath
International cooperation report
Summary (s. 11).
An assessment method for analysing the human rights implications of electricity generation projects
Considering external costs : their influence on technical measures in energy systems
A master storyteller as well as a leading energy expert, Daniel Yergin continues the riveting story begun in his Pulitzer Prize–winning book, The Prize. In The Quest, Yergin shows us how energy is an engine of global political and economic change and conflict, in a story that spans the energies on which our civilization has been built and the new energies that are competing to replace them. The Quest tells the inside stories, tackles the tough questions, and reveals surprising  insights about coal, electricity, and natural gas. He explains how climate change became a great issue and leads readers through the rebirth of renewable energies, energy independence, and the return of the electric car. Epic in scope and never more timely, The Quest vividly reveals the decisions, technologies, and individuals that are shaping our future.
Report to the Nordic Prime Ministers on the Bergen declaration
Evaluation of renewable energy development in power generation : system dynamics approach for the Nordic Countries
An appraisal of UK energy research, development, demonstration & dissemination
Do current electricity market designs ensure a sufficient electricity supply at all times? This topic is currently the subject of intense debate across Europe, and several major countries such as Germany, the UK, France and Italy have decided that additional measures - so-called capacity remuneration mechanisms - are needed to supplement current market designs. This report describes and analyses the advantages and disadvantages of a range of measures proposed or currently implemented across Europe, and includes both best estimates of how the implementation of these measures will impact Nordic electricity prices as well as recommendations to the Nordic countries regarding a cost-efficient path to ensuring the Nordic security of supply.
Optimisation and co-operative perspectives on industrial energy systems
State of the world 1987 : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a Sustainable Society
Thermographic and Vibration Control Maintenance in a CHP Power Plant
Abstract (s. 5).
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Novel methods for assessing the protection impacts of distributed generation in distribution network planning
Building services engineering
Industrial CHP optimal management model in the energy market under incomplete information
Natural gas in the Asian Pacific region : market behavior and the Japanese electricity market
Milk and dairy product technology
Inside energy : developing and managing an ISO 50001 energy management system
Global Energy Assessment (GEA)
Energy in the developing world : the real energy crisis
Regional Electricity Market Design
Conference of Ministers of Energy on Co-operation in the Baltic Sea Region : Helsinki, 24-25 October 1999.
The geopolitics of energy in South Asia
Proceedings of the Joint Energy Workshop for North West Russia, St. Petersburg, 7-8th October 1999.
Local management of infrastructure and environment in Finland
Energy policy in the European Union
Sparking a worldwide energy revolution : social struggles in the transition to a post-petrol world
Public policy and the diffusion of technology : an international comparison of large fossil-fueled generating units
The importance of Eco-Agriculture is getting more and more serious nowadays because of rapid world population growth. People need food to live. Energy and water are two important facts for every plant to grow and develop. Without energy and water no food can be produced. Energy and water resources are not fairly distributed in this planet. In some areas like the Middle East and African countries water if the limiting fact for producing food. This is in a way that these countries have lots of energy resources and sun-shine. In other side of the world the situation is totally different. In European countries for example, water is not a problem. They have enough water resources but energy and sunlight is not enough for plants to grow and produce food.   Producing food in closed water system could be a good solution for Eastern countries with less water resources. In a closed water recycling system, the water could be mechanically treated or filtered and reused. This system has no harm for environment and ground water resources. In this thesis one of the most efficient water recycling systems in form of Hydroponic method of growing plants will be introduced. This closed system however has some problems like algal growth prevention which is one of the main topics of this work.
From unlimited growth to sustainable energy : the origin of operational patterns by means of social selection
Europe's triple by-pass : The prognosis for Nord Stream,  South Stream and Nabucco
Energy in transition : a report on energy policy and future options
