http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4954 supply of heat
supply of heat
Building Services Engineering
Influence of thermal mass on the heating and cooling demands of a building unit
Thermographic and Vibration Control Maintenance in a CHP Power Plant
Environmental science in building
Energy and the new reality. Vol. 2, Carbon-free energy supply
Endometrial thermal ablation : a choice for treatment of heavy menstrual bleeding
Bioenergy feasibility study : Berzasca, Romania
Comparative analysis of Finnish and Russian regulating documents on water supply and drainage of residential buildings
Sustainable Thermal Storage Systems : Planning Design and Operations
Handbook of solid waste management and waste minimization technologies
Themes and seams in textiles
Environmental Science in Building covers the science, technology and services that relate to the comfort of humans and the environmental performance of buildings. This popular text is designed to be useful, at all levels, to students and practitioners of architecture, construction studies, building services, surveying, and environmental science. This edition has been thoroughly updated and the contents reorganised to ensure optimum presentation and understanding of topics. The contents include: climate and the built, environment, human environmental comfort, insulation and energy use in buildings, air control in buildings, artificial and natural lighting, noise control and sound insulation, electricity generation and supply, water supplies and waste water treatment, carbon and energy management in construction, resource conservation and sustainability in construction, sick buildings and green buildings. Key features are: Clear and accessible text layout for ease of use, Clear explanations of principles and technologies, Up-to-date practice and world-wide trends incorporated, Minimum prior knowledge of science and mathematics assumed, Worked examples displayed and explained step-by-step, Large resource sections of supporting information and references.
An appraisal of UK energy research, development, demonstration & dissemination
Bioenergy feasibility study - Berzasca, Romania
Outpatient plastic surgery
Baltica VIII : life management and maintenance for power plants : Helsinki - Stockholm - Helsinki, 18-20 May, 2010. Vol. 1
Renewable energy conversion, transmission, and storage
The heat load in district heating systems
Building services engineering
Baltica VIII : life management and maintenance for power plants, Helsinki-Stockholm-Helsinki, 18-20 May, 2010. Vol. 2
