http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4962 vitamins
vitamins
Vitamin C and the common cold : a retrospective analysis of Chalmers' review
Crop improvement. Volume 3 : Quality characters
The role of diet during pregnancy and infancy in the development of childhood allergies and asthma
Natural health & bodycare : a comprehensive and informative guide to natural remedies, recipes and routines for the whole body
We need vitamins : What are they? What do they do?
Oral mucosal changes related to plasma ascorbic acid levels
Micronutrient intake in Nepalese mothers and children : study of the current stage and changes over time and determinants of vitamin A and iron intake in Nepalese mothers and their children from 2001 to 2011
Vitamin E in health and disease
Plant vitamins : agronomic, physiological and nutritional aspects
Intake of vitamin A from liver foods among Finnish 1-, 3- and 6-year old children : a quantative risk assessment
Handbook of antioxidants
Aspects of some vitamins, minerals and enzymes in health and disease
Sports nutrition : vitamins and trace elements
The 7 day slim down : drop twice the weight in half the time with the vitamin D diet
The vitamin complex : our obsessive quest for nutritional perfection
Determination of phylloquinone and menaquinones in foods by HPLC
Studies on the vitamin a metabolism in human and murine skin
Modern nutrition in health and disease : dietotherapy
Vitamins in animal nutrition : comparative aspects to human nutrition
Rose hips and sea buckthorn berries contain high amounts of beneficial bioactive compounds. In this study the content and stability of natural vitamins and antioxidants were investigated in two fruit beverages made from rose hip powder, sea buckthorn berry purée and white grape juice concentrate, and wheat germ oil in one of the beverages. Beverages were formulated, pasteurised and filled aseptically in Tetra Brik packages and stored up to 35 days at 4 °C or 22 °C. Samples were analysed for the content of ascorbic acid, carotenoids, major phenolics, tocochromanols, total phenols and total antioxidant capacity as ferric reducing ability. The largest changes occurred during the first 5 days of storage, thereafter mainly ascorbic acid decreased. In the wheat germ oil supplemented beverage, α-tocopherol was more rapidly degraded. Negative correlations between the decrease of some carotenoids and tocochromanols, and the increase of some phenolics, suggest relationships of redox reactions specific to the amount of oil supplemented. From the present study we can conclude that additions of oil to beverages should be carefully selected to avoid oxidations of bioactive compounds. Furthermore, packaging of the beverages should be carried out at higher temperatures and thereafter it should be stored at low temperatures (4 °C), which decreased oxidation of all bioactive compounds except ascorbic acid..
Elevated dosages of vitamins : benefits and hazards
Vitamin C : its chemistry and biochemistry
Molecular basis of human nutrition
Morphological, nutraceutical and sensorial properties of cultivated Fragaria vesca L. berries: influence of genotype, plant age, fertilization treatment on the overall fruit quality
Elsevier's dictionary of vitamins and pharmacochemistry
Health risks related to high intake of preformed retinol (vitamin A) in the Nordic countries
Superfoods from the garden : grow it, cook it and achieve the best health ever
Vitamin E and cancer prevention
Goop clean beauty
The vitamin D solution : a 3-step strategy to cure our most common health problem
Bioavailability of nutrients for animals : amino acids, minerals, and vitamins
Vitamin A and infant mortality : beyond intention-to-treat in a randomized trial
The content of B-vitamins in the milk of cows fed purified or low-protein feed, with urea as the sole or main nitrogen source, and evaluation of the microbiological assay methods
What are the vitamins?
Epidemiological follow-up study on dietary antioxidant vitamins : results from the Finnish mobile clinic health examination survey
Nutrition : concepts and controversies
Chemical changes during food processing
Vitamin B6 Meeting : International Congress on Chemical and Biological Aspects of Vitamin B6 Catalysis : programme and abstract book
A step towards the future of wellbeing : pharmacy service design case
Fortified and soft drinks
Determination and contents of thiamine and riboflavin in Finnish animal products and in Finnish and imported rye and cereal products
Feeding and management advice for ʻtying up̕/azoturia/Monday mornig disease/Equine Rhabdomyolysis Syndrome etc
Pleiotropy of vitamin D-mediated gene regulation
Effect of supplemental vitamin E on the performance of growing-finishing pigs fed stored versus freshly harvested barley and on the storage stability and eating quality of frozen pork
Studies on the uptake of cobalt and iron and their effect on the production of riboflavin by Candida guilliermondii
Vitamins A1 and A2 in mink fed fish-based diets and exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls
Vitamins in animal and human nutrition
The vitamins : fundamental aspects in nutrition and health
A short review : mechanisms of vitamin D receptor in gene regulation
The chemistry of food
Food : the definitive guide
Covering 400 herbs and supplements, this title provides the information you need to advise your patients. It includes uses, dosage information, safety considerations, and interactions with drugs and other herbs and supplements.
Introduction to nutrition and metabolism
Nordic nutrition recommendations 2012 : integrating nutrition and physical activity
Antioxidants, weight change and risk of type 2 diabetes
Effect of nutrient excesses and toxicities in animals and man
Antioxidant food supplements in human health
Biochemistry : PreTest self-assessment and review
Nutrient availability : chemical and biological aspects
Nutrition and cancer prevention : investigating the role of micronutrients
Influence of inorganic Se + vitamin E and organic Se + vitamin E on reproductive performance of young boars
Advanced human nutrition
Antioxidative capacity and oxidation susceptibility of atherogenic plasma lipoproteins : assessment and role of vitamin E
The fat-soluble vitamins : proceedings of a symposium in honor of Harry Steenbock 1969
Periodontal health related to plasma ascorbic acid
Introductory practical biochemistry
Food and nutritional supplements : their role in health and disease
HPLC for food analysis : a primer
The encyclopedia of vitamin E
Hints on nutrition for optimal growth
Natural Standard herb & supplement guide : an evidence-based reference
Nutrients in processed food : vitamins, minerals
Rhetorical battle on HIV/AIDS medication in South Africa : analysis of Dr. Matthias Rath's argumentation on micronutrients
Vitamin D and cholesterol : importance of the sun
Optimum sports nutrition : your competitive edge
Vitamin D and the nervous system
Development of dementia in mild cognitive impairment (MCI) patients with focus on B-vitamins
The effect of vitamin D status on calcium and bone metabolism
Vitamin status of the healthy dog
Vitamin tolerance of animals
Method development for the analysis of steroids, vitamin D and oxysterols
Serum Alpha-tocopherol and the risk of cancer
Cosmeceuticals and active cosmetics
Food science & nutrition
Food folates and their analysis : determination of folate derivatives and their stability by high-performance liquid chromatography
Defining adequate vitamin D intake : cross-sectional and intervention studies
Orthomolecular treatment for schizophrenia : megavitamin supplements and nutritional strategies for healing and recovery
Recommended nutrient reference values for food labelling purposes : report of a Joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation on Recommended Allowances of Nutrients for Food Labelling Purposes : held in Helsinki, Finland, 12-16 September 1988
Vitamin E retention during processing of cereals
The avidin protein family : properties of family members and engineering of novel biotin-binding protein tools
Modern analytical methodologies in fat- and water-soluble vitamins
Biochemistry of vitamin B[sub 6] : proceedings of the 7th International Congress on Chemical and Biological Aspects of Vitamin B[sub 6] Catalysis, held in Turku, Finland, June 22-26, 1987
Fatty acid metabolism, vitamin D3 and prostate cancer
Naturals and organics in cosmetics : trends and technology
Trigonella foenum graecum is used as spice and forage, and it is known for its therapeutic effects in traditional medicine. The seeds are rich in vitamins A, B and C. This work aims to study the diversity of 38 Tunisian Trigonella foenum graecum cultivars using seed vitamin B6, B1, B9 and C contents. Cultivars were collected from upper semi arid, sub humid and lower arid Tunisian bioclimatic stages. Vitamin contents of the seeds were analysed by HPLC. A variance analysis was assured with SPSS 16.0. Cultivar classification was obtained after the calculation of Mahalanobis distances between the pairs of cultivars by XlStat software. A principal compound analysis was done by StatBox software to verify the dendrogram clustering. Results showed significant variations in vitamins B6 (P<0.01), B9 (P<0.01), B1 (P<0.01) and C (P<0.01) between the studied cultivars. Dendrogram analysis revealed three clusters. The first cluster had quantities of vitamin B6 near to 0.0189 mg/g, B1 near to 0.0001 mg/g, B9 near to 0.002 mg/g and C near to 0.0025 mg/g. The second one recorded quantities (mg/g) of 0.029 for B6, 0.00026 for B9 and 0.0026 for C and no detectable quantities of B1. The last cultivar cluster reached vitamin contents (mg/g) of 0.068 for B6, 0.00019 for B9 and 0.0014 for C and no detectable quantities of B1. Principal component analysis confirmed this clustering and showed the same three clusters that were obtained by the dendrogram. Significant correlation between Mahalanobis distances matrix and geographic distances matrix was revealed by the test of Mantel (r=0.222; p=0.1x10⁻³ < 0.05).
The biological action of the vitamins : a symposium
The vitamin sourcebook
The health delusion : how to achieve exceptional health in the 21st century
Handbook of vitamins
Meat and health
Principles of nutritional assessment
Folic acid metabolism in health and disease
Clinical and nutritional aspects of vitamin E : proceedings of the International Symposium on vitamin E held in Kyoto, Japan, 4-6 December 1986
Nutritional status assessment : a manual for population studies
Pro-oxidant activity of vitamin C in drinking water : role of copper, iron and bicarbonate
Depression, B vitamins and homocysteine
Homocysteine, folate and cardiovascular diseases
CB1093, a novel vitamin D analog: effects of differentiation and clonal growth on HL-60 and de novo leukemia cells
Natural, alternative, and complementary health care practices
Are you what you eat?
Behavioural abnormalities in mice with partially deleted vitamin D receptor gene
The Men's Health big book of food & nutrition
The healthy diet calorie counter
Nutrition and bone health
Assessment of Tunisian Trigonella foenum graecum diversity using seed vitamin B6, B1, B9 and C contents
Effect of storage time and temperature on stability of bioactive compounds in aseptically packed beverages prepared from rose hips and sea buckthorn berries
Vitamin D and periodontal infection
Vitamin and mineral status in physically active people / dietary intake and blood chemistry in athletes and young adults
Regulation of hepatic glucose homeostasis and Cytochrome P450 enzymes by energy-sensing coactivator PGC-1α
Cosmeceuticals and cosmetic practice
Diet and human immune function
Biosynthesis of food components
Prescription for nutrional healing
Epidemiological study of the role of vitamin D in the aetiology of ovarian cancer
Vitamin D3 regulation of transforming growth factor-[beta] system in epithelial and fibroplastic cells - relationships to plasminogen activation
Water-soluble vitamins in the nutrition of Atlantic halibut, Hippoglossus hippoglossus L., larvae and juveniles
Prescription for nutritional healing
Culinary nutrition : the science and practice of healthy cooking
Vitamins in the nutrition of fur bearing animals
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
"Preface The intent of this book is to assist you in mastering nutritional cuisine! Chefs can serve great-tasting and nutritious foods. Ultimately, though, it is the consumer who will decide what to consume! This textbook is current with the new U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) ChooseMyPlate.gov and dietary guidelines! It is important to know that meals eaten away from home and prepared by chefs, or meals produced in the home by personal chefs, can each support a healthy lifestyle. Perhaps what a person makes for dinner is reservations! Love it! Please turn to the introduction for a detailed explanation of the organization of this book and how it serves both the lecture and laboratory portions of a typical nutrition class for culinary programs. As authors, we are both parents who each have a family to feed (although, in the case of Dr. Vaclavik, two children have now begun their own households and there are two grandchildren!). We are both college teachers working with nutrition in culinary arts, and we each have academic as well as "hands-on" training in foods and nutrition. Thanks are extended to CRC Press, our friendly and knowledgeable editor Randy Brehm (with whom Dr. Vaclavik has published in the past), and our current friendly and dedicated editor Stephen Zollo, who provided the opportunity to be a part of this culinary publication adventure! Appreciation goes to those individuals who have enthusiastically reviewed the text proposal and/or chapter material, including Chef Brenden Mesch, EdD, CEC, CCE, associate dean of academic affairs, the Art Institute of Dallas; Andres Ardisson Korat, MS (food science), MA (gastronomy), food scientist, Frito Lay R&D; and nutrition professor Carolyn Rogan, MS, RD, CSSD, LD"--
Retinoids and cell differentiation
Post-pelleting application of liquid additives
Introduction to human nutrition
The vitamin alphabet : your guide to vitamins, minerals and food supplements
Colorimetry as quality control method for ink jet printed vitamin and indomethacin formulations
Chemistry and physiology of the vitamins
DRI : dietary reference intakes for calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, vitamin D and fluoride
Nutrition and skin
The antioxidant vitamins C and E
Nutrition claims for foods : a scientific nutritional evaluation on the situation in the Nordic countries
Vitamin B-6 status during childhood : tracking from 2 months to 11 years of age
Radiant : recipes to heal your skin from within
Antiaging : physiology to formulation
Nordic Nutrition Recommendations 2012 : Integrating nutrition and  physical activity
Nutrition in sport
In this second edition of the introductory text in the acclaimed Nutrition Society Textbook Series, Introduction to Human Nutrition has been revised and updated to meet the needs of the contemporary student. Introduction to Human Nutrition is an essential purchase for students of nutrition and dietetics, and also for those students who major in other subjects that have a nutrition component, such as food science, medicine, pharmacy and nursing. Professionals in nutrition, dietetics, food science, medicine, health sciences and many related areas will also find much of great value within its cov.
Vitamin A : nutrition, side effects and supplements
Summary.
Vitamin C and illness
Vitamins C and E in cancer prevention
Gel-based proteomic study on vitamin B12 producing P. freudenreichii ssp. shermanii
Sucrose, glucose, fructose, citric, malic, ascorbic (AA) and dehydroascorbic (DHAA) acids, total polyphenols (TP), radical scavenging activity (RSA), physicochemical and sensorial properties were determined on F. vesca Alpine (ALP) and Regina delle Valli (RDV) berries in relation to plant age and fertilisation treatment (Effective Microorganism Technology, EMT vs. traditional fertilization, TFT). ALP berries had a sum of AA and DHAA about 20% lower and TPs about 30% higher than RDV. Plant age affected most physicochemical parameters, sugars and organic acids, as well as sensorial appreciation, being them generally higher in berries produced in the second year. TPs were not affected by plant age. EMT produced an increase of 50%, 70% and 20% for TP, organic acids and RSA, respectively. Although changes in berry quality are expected with plant age, EMT cultivation of ALP should be preferred to the growth of RDV under TFT, to obtain fruits more valuable from the nutraceutical viewpoint.
Heterocycles in life and society : an introduction to heterocyclic chemistry and biochemistry and the role of heterocycles in science, technology, medicine and agriculture
Vitamins in theory and practice
Selected vitamins, minerals, and functional consequences of maternal malnutrition
Depressive symptoms, metabolic syndrome and diet
Advanced Dairy Chemistry. Vol. 3, Lactose, water, salts and minor constituents
An evidence-based approach to vitamins and minerals : health implications and intake recommendations
The clear skin cookbook : how the right food can improve your skin
Vitamins, folate and reproduction : a study in humans and animals
Dietary reference intakes for thiamin, riboflavin, niacin, vitamin B6, folate, vitamin B12, pantothenic acid, biotin, and choline : a report of the Standing committee on the scientific evaluation of dietary reference intakes and its panel on folate, other B vitamins, and choline and Subcommittee on upper reference levels of nutrients, Food and nutrition board, Institute of medicine
The scientific basis for vitamin intake in human nutrition
The optimum nutrition bible
Milestones in nutrition
Nutrient-gene interactions in health and disease
The art of nutritional cuisine
The vitamins
