http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4966 glass products
glass products
The Orrefors collection 2000.
A Guide to Sandwich glass : cut ware, a general assortment and bottles
The Illustrated guide to glass
Improving the autoclave pallet
An illustrated dictionary of glass : 2,442 entries, including definitions of wares, materials, processes, forms, and decorative styles, and entries on principal glass-makers, decorators, and designers, from antiquity to the present
The big book of Fenton Glass : 1940-1970
Full size lampshade patterns for mini to medium sized shades : 22 Patterns for swag or base. Color photograph of each completed project. Step by step lessons -trade secrets
Oiva Toikka : moments of ingenuity
Lasin taide : Kaj Franck 100 vuotta = The art of glass : Kaj Franck 100 years : Kyösti Kakkonen Collection
Technology in transition : A.D. 300-650 / edited by Luke Lavan, Enrico Zanini and Alexander Sarantis ; with the assistance of Ine Jacobs, Dirk Booms, Bart de Graeve
Tiffin glass 1914-1940
Scandinavian Glass 1980-2000 : fire & sea
Scandinavian ceramics and glass : 1940s to 1980s
Suomalaista lasia : lasitehtaiden esitteitä 1950-luvulta = Finskt glas : glasbroschyrer från 1950-talet = Finnish glass : glass manufacturers' brochures from the 1950s
Traditional glassworking techniques
Glass art nouveau and art deco
Morgantown glass : from Depression glass through the 1960s
Pyrex : the unauthorized collector's guide
Iittala : 125 years of Finnish glass : complete history with all designers
Kokoelma = Collection. 1993.
World art glass quarterly
Glass art : reflecting the centuries : masterpieces from the glasmuseum Hentrich in museum kunst palast, Düsseldorf
Lasitutkimuksia : Suomen lasimuseon tutkimusjulkaisu = Glassresearch : the bulletin of the Finnish glass museum. 2, (1985)
Glassmaking in Renaissance Venice : the fragile craft
Stained glass projects for the home
A History of glass
Glass : a contemporary art
Landmarks of twentieth-century design : an illustrated handbook
Elegant glass : early, depression, & beyond
Symbis : personnel magazine of Saint-Gobain Construction Products sector
Anchor Hocking commemorative bottles and other collectibles
Glass, glassbeads and glassmakers in Northern India
Glass road
Skål! : sirpaleita keskiajalta = Skål! : glasskärvor från medeltiden = Cheers! : fragments from the Middle Ages
Glass candleholders : art nouveau, art deco, depression era, modern
Kokoelma = Collection. 1992.
New relations
Pate de verre and kiln casting of glass
20th century glass
Care & repair of antiques & collectables : a step-by-step guide
Kokoelma = Collection. 1995.
This bachelor's thesis was made at Pilkington Automotive Finland Oy Laitila plant. This plant manufactures windshields for automotive industry e.g trains and busses. The windshields are made from laminated glass. The objective for this bachelor's thesis was to improve the autoclave pallet which is used in the final steps of the manufacturing process. The pallet is simply a frame made from rectangular iron tubes on where the windshields are loaded. After that the pallet goes through the autoclave process in the autoclave and it is also used in general for transporting the windshields in different working posts. During the making of this bachelor's thesis help of the so called the six sigma -process  has been used. The process is explained better in the text. The problem has been that the pallet does not offer enough support for the windshields, causing the windshields to twist during the autoclave process. This results in bad quality. The pallet should also be redesigned so that it is possible to load with more windshields so that the autoclave's degree of filling can be improved. The pallet should also be easy and light to use by the personnel. The approach for the quality problem was to make easy to build pallets with different kind of ways to support the windshields. Always when a new pallet was built or old one improved it was tested so that the windshields were always measured after the autoclave process to see if the new or improved way was better or not. The autoclave process itself has been in the dark, so that it was not known how the windshields are moving inside the autoclave. To find this out a camera was also installed inside the autoclave. The tests and results gave very enlightening information about how the windshields react when they are supported from different spots of the windshields. Supporting the windshields from different points did not give any better results in comparison to the way things are done now, which was very surprising. The reason for this is analyzed more in the text. The outcome from the autoclave filming also brought to light what happens inside the autoclave during the autoclave process and how much the windshields are moving there because of the air flow and what inflicts the airflow in the first place. Mostly the time improving  the pallet was spent in testing and trying to understand what things affect in the windshields and why. During this time of making the bachelor's thesis a huge improvement for the pallet was not found. Instead little improvements were devloped and suggested.
Lasia Suomen kansallismuseon kokoelmista = Glass in the National Museum of Finland : Claës Norstedtin kokoelma
Crackle Glass Too : 1950s-2000
Imagining consumers : design and innovation from Wedgwood to Corning
In the Renaissance spirit
Lasin hengitys (Haastateltavana lasitaiteilija Timo Sarpaneva) = The breath of glass (An interview of Timo Sarpaneva)
Lampshade patterns. Book 2, For medium to large sizes shades
Materials : for inspirational design
Roman glass from Dated Finds
Glass engraving with grindstones
Kokoelma = Collection. 1990.
Glass paperweights in the Art Institute of Chicago
Warman's Glass : a value & identification guide
Kokoelma = Collection. 1994.
Thomas Heatherwick : making [ideas]
Purple glass : 20th century American & European
Sotheby's concise encyclopedia of glass
Glass : materials for inspirational design
Wound glass fibre reinforced polyester resin (UP-GF) pipes : General quality requirements and testing
Frederick Carder's Steuben Glass : guide to shapes, numbers, colors, finishes and values
Scandinavian glass : creative energies
Corneal physiology and disposable contact lenses
Crackle Glass in color : depression to '70s
Miller's 20th-century glass
Glass source book
Glass blowing : a technical manual
20th century factory glass
Pocket guide to carnival glass
Fostoria useful and ornamental : the crystal for America
Liquid flame spray development and its applications
Glass by Nanny Still : Ilmatar - Skymaiden
Glass and glassmaking
Inkeri Toikka : teemoja lasissa = themes in glass : näyttely Suomen lasimuseossa = exhibition in the Finnish Glass Museum : 13.5.-11.9.1988
Material matters : new materials in design
Scandinavian glass 1930-1970 : smoke & ice
Thomas Heatherwick : Making
[Kokoelma = Collection]. 2001
