http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4965 refugee work
refugee work
Borders, asylum and global non-citizenship : the other side of the fence
Refugee children : towards the next horizon
NGOs and refugees : reflections at the turn of the century
The turbulent decade : confronting the refugee crises of the 1990s
Fridtjof Nansen and the unmixing of Greeks and Turks in 1924
A life of service
The good lie
Free movement of persons in the EU
Explaining decisions in the European Union
The aid rush : aid regimes in Northern Europe during the Cold War / Vol. 1
Against the double blackmail : refugees, terror and other troubles with the neighbours
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
The politics of migration & immigration in Europe
"Greece has shouldered a heavy burden in the global economic crisis, struggling with political and financial insecurity. Greece has also the most porous external border of the European Union, tasked with ensuring that the EU's boundaries are both "secure and humanitarian" and hosting enormous numbers of migrants and asylum seekers who arrive by land and sea. The recent leadership and fiscal crises have led to a breakdown of legal entitlements for both Greek citizens and those seeking refuge within the country's borders. On the Doorstep of Europe is an ethnographic study of the asylum system in Greece, tracing the ways asylum seekers, bureaucrats, and service providers attempt to navigate the dilemmas of governance, ethics, knowledge, and sociability that emerge through this legal process. Centering on the work of an asylum advocacy NGO in Athens, Heath Cabot explores how workers and clients grapple with predicaments endemic to Europeanization and rights-based protection. Drawing inspiration from classical Greek tragedy to highlight both the transformative potential and the violence of law, Cabot charts the structural violence effected through European governance, rights frameworks, and humanitarian intervention while also exploring how Athenian society is being remade from the inside out. She shows how, in contemporary Greece, relationships between insiders and outsiders are radically reconfigured through legal, political, and economic crises. In addition to providing a textured, on-the-ground account of the fraught context of asylum and immigration in Europe's borderlands, On the Doorstep of Europe highlights the unpredictable and transformative ways in which those in host nations navigate legal and political violence, even in contexts of inexorable duress and inequality."--Publisher's website
The UNHCR and world politics : : a perilous path
The authors trace the foreign regimes of Denmark, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Netherlands and Norway from the 1950s to the 1990s. The articles are based on public and private historical archives and deal with donor policies as well as the recipients in Africa, India and the Middle East. The 16 contributors are all historians and social scientists. The two volumes are closely interlinked. The first volume is divided into two parts. The first part deals with the aid policies of the Northern European states in an international perspective; while the second investigates issues of national priorities and individual actors in greater detail. The second volume consists of individual case studies organised in two parts; 'The 'Developmental State' Revisited' and 'Donor meets Recipient. Different Agendas', a closer look at the interaction of the two parties in the aid relationship'.
Summary (s. xv-xxxvvv).
Vulnerable bodies : gender, the UN and the global refugee crisis
Exploring the challenges and possibilities of working with asylum seeking children and young people, this title examines research evidence in relation to different aspects of helping young people resettle, and how this can be used to develop and sustain good standards of practice.
Europe's global role : external policies of the European Union
The world refugee problem
The Aid Rush traces the foreign aid regimes of Norway, Denmark, the Netherlands, and Germany through the various aid 'fashions' of the Cold War period from the 1950s to the 1990s. The case studies, based on public and private historical archives, illustrate issues of aid governance in the recipient countries of Africa, India, and the Middle East. The contributions - by political scientists, historians, and economists - address the systemic problems of aid, such as donor-recipient cooperation and bureaucracy, self-sustainability, and entrepreneurship. The two closely interlinked volumes shed light on the question of why inefficiencies in administering aid continue to persist. Volume I is divided into two parts. The first section deals with the aid policies of the Northern European states in an international perspective, while the second section investigates issues of national priorities and individual actors in greater detail.
Possibilities of trust and recognition between refugees and authorities : resettlement as a part of durable solutions of forced migration
Policing across national boundaries
Social work and minorities : European perspectives
Coping with Africa's refugee burden : a time for solutions
Abstract.
"The experience of border crossing for refugees and irregular migrants challenges global border and migration controls in multiple contexts. Using qualitative field research in Tanzania, Spain, Morocco and Australia, Heather Johnson asks how a global regime of migration management and control can be perceived through the dynamics of particular border spaces: refugee camps, border zones and detention centres. She explores how irregular migrants are impacted by the increasingly security-oriented practices of border control, and how they confront these practices. Johnson rejects the characterization of border spaces as exceptional, abject and exclusionary, arguing instead for an understanding of politics as everyday contestation that reveals a radical political agency, re-imagining the global non-citizen as a transgressive and powerful figure. Building on recent scholarship that rethinks irregularity and non-citizenship, her conclusions have broad implications for how we understand irregular migration from a position of dialogue and solidarity"--
African refugees : development aid and repatriation
The third pillar of the European Union : cooperation in the fields of justice and home affairs
European governance : policy making between politicization and control
"In this book, an array of legal, biomedical, psychosocial, and social science scholars and practitioners offer the first comparative account of the increasing dependence on expertise in the asylum and refugee status determination process. This volume presents a comprehensive study of the relevance of experts, as mediators of culture, who are called upon to corroborate, substantiate credibility, and serve as translators in the face of confusing legal standards that require proof of new forms and reasons for persecution around the globe. The authors draw upon their interactions with expertise and the immigration process to provide insights into the evidentiary burdens on asylum seekers and the expanding role of expertise in the forms of country-conditions reports, biomedical and psychiatric evaluations, and the emerging field of forensic linguistic analysis in response to emerging forms of persecution, such as gender-based or sexuality-based persecution. This book is essential reading for both scholars interested in the production of knowledge and clinicians considering the role of experts as mediators of asylum claims"--
Immigration strategy for Northern Ostrobothnia 2015
Shaping our future : a practical guide to the selection, reception and integration of resettled refugees
Right of thirst : a novel
Germany for the Germans? : the political effects of international migration
European journal of migration and law
Justice and home affairs in the EU : liberty and security issues after enlargement
Working with unaccompanied asylum seeking children : issues for policy and practice
Challenges of working in a cross-cultural environment : principles and practice of refugee settlement in Finland
The aid rush : aid regimes in Northern Europe during the Cold War / Vol. 2
In the midst of the whirlwind : a manual for helping refugee children
Substance and symbolism : an anatomy of cooperation in the new Europe
United Nations in the contemporary world
Dangerous sanctuaries : refugee camps, civil war, and the dilemmas of humanitarian aid
Justice and home affairs in the European Union : the development of the third pillar
Gender, mobility and citizenship in Asia
International migration policies
Notes from my travels : visits with refugees in Africa, Cambodia, Pakistan and Ecuador
The UN's role in nation-building : from the Congo to Iraq
Rules for the world : international organizations in global politics
The conference on security and co-operation in Europe : basic documents, 1993-1995
The member states of the EU and immigration in 1994 : less tolerance and tighter control policies
Social work with unaccompanied asylum seeking children
Freedom, security, and justice in the European Union : implementation of the Hague Programme
"Shattered by his wife's death, and by his own role in it, successful cardiologist Charles Anderson volunteers to assist with earthquake relief in an impoverished Islamic country in a constant state of conflict with its neighbor. But when the refugees he's come to help do not appear and artillery begins to fall in the distance along the border, the story takes an unexpected turn. This haunting, resonant tour de force about one man's desire to live a moral life offers a moving exploration of the tensions between poverty and wealth, the ethics of intervention, the deep cultural differences that divide the world, and the essential human similarities that unite it." -- (Back Cover)
Europe and refugees : towards an EU asylum policy
Understanding refugees, immigrants and their children : a psychological model
The politics of migration : managing opportunity, conflict and change
Human rights and forced displacement
International perspectives on social work : global conditions and local practice
International cooperation in mass influx situations
Best practices for social work with refugees and immigrants
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in 1920s and 1930s
On the doorstep of Europe : asylum and citizenship in Greece
Adjudicating refugee and asylum status : the role of witness, expertise, and testimony
The mental health of refugees : ecological approaches to healing and adaptation
