http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4979 Renaissance
Renaissance
The notebooks of Leonardo da Vinci. Volume I
Unknown renaissance portraits : medals of famous men and women
Science and the renaissance. 1, An introduction to the study of the emergence of the sciences in the sixteenth century
The scorpion. Volume 1
The Antichità Diverse album
The Renaissance in national context
The Renaissance : studies in art and poetry
MUSIC IN THE RENAISSANCE. - REV.ED
Companion to medieval and Renaissance music
Source readings in music history. 2, The Renaissance
The Northern Renaissance
European art of the fifteenth century
Humanism in the Renaissance of Islam : the cultural revival during the Buyid age
The Cambridge companion to Renaissance humanism
Spain : a musician's journey through time and space. Volume I
The Renaissance : six essays
Caravaggio in context : learned naturalism and renaissance humanism
The ground is burning
The Medici : power, money, and ambition in the Italian renaissance
Leonardo : the first scientist
ENCYCLOPEDIA OF THE RENAISSANCE
Witches & wicked bodies
Dangerous days in Elizabethan England : a history of the terrors and the torments, the dirt, diseases and deaths suffered by our ancestors
Leonardo da Vinci : the genius, his work and the Renaissance
The feud that sparked the renaissance : how Brunelleschi and Ghiberti changed the art world
Classic art : An introd. to the Italian Renaissance
Leonardo da Vinci : the artist
Astrologia : arte e cultura in età rinascimentale = art and culture in the Renaissance
The Cambridge companion to the Italian Renaissance
The Pelican book of the Renaissance
How to Live : A Life of Montaigne in one question and twenty attempts at an answer
The Renaissance complete
Renaissance thought. [1], The classic, scholastic and humanist strains
The Oxford history of western music
The civilization of Europe in the Renaissance
Modal counterpoint, Renaissance style
The renaissance : its nature and origins
The individual and the cosmos in Renaissance philosophy
The praise of folly
The deadly sisterhood : a story of women, power and intrigue in the Italian renaissance
Leonardo : La bella principessa : the profile portrait of a Milanese woman
Lamia : praelectio in priora Aristotelis analytica
Katie and the Mona Lisa
The Renaissance in Europe : an anthology
The rule of art : literature and painting in the Renaissance
Michelangelo : the Sistine Chapel
Classical myth and legend in Renaissance dictionaries : a study of Renaissance dictionaries in their relation to the classical learning of contemporary English writers
Renaissance and mannerist art
The Pope's rhinoceros
Scourge and fire : Savoranola and renaissance Florence
The ground i burning
Vasari on technique : being the introduction to the three arts of design, architecture, sculpture and painting, prefixed to the lives of the most excellent painters, sculptors and architects
The French academies of the sixteenth century
The renaissance
The scorpion. Volume 2
RENAISSANCE MUSIC
The twelfth century renaissance
Tintoretto: the paintings and drawings
The style of Palestrina and the dissonance
Miss Garnet's angel
Leonardo : painter, inventor, visionary, mathematician, philosopher, engineer
The lutenist's handbook : a practical rough guide to playing renaissance lute
The artist, the philosopher and the warrior : Leonardo, Machiavelli and Borgia : a fateful collusion
Da Vinci's last commission : the most sensational detective story in the history of art
An illustrated outline history of mankind. [I]
The great painters of the Italian Renaissance. Volume I-II. Volume I: The triumph of drawing, Volume II: The triumph of color
Renaissance thought and its sources
The discarded image : an introduction to medieval and Renaissance literature
A Venetian concert : grand Italian architecture and renaissance music
The vatican princess : a novel of Lucrezia Borgia
1434 : the year a magnificent Chinese fleet sailed to Italy and ignited the Renaissance
THE PENGUIN BOOK OF EARLY MUSIC / ANTHOLOGY OF VOCAL AND INSTRUMENTAL SONGS AND DANCES FROM THE RENAISSANCW
Cambridge translations of Renaissance philosophical texts. Vol. 1, Moral philosophy
The crisis of the early Italian renaissance : civic humanism and republican liberty in an age of classicism and tyranny
Medieval and Renaissance art : people and possessions
Michelangelo. 3: The Medici Chapel
The arte of English poesie
The King's musick : aus der Zeit Henry VIII
The Italian Renaissance in its historical background
Renaissance and humanism from the Central-East European point of view : methodological approaches
Leonardo da Vinci : the flights of the mind
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
The shadow of death in the work of Hans Holbein the younger
RENAISSANCE AND BAROQUE MUSIC
Medieval & Renaissance interiors in illuminated manuscripts
Pannon reneszánsz (1437-1526) : A Hunuadiak és a Jagelló-kor = Pannonian Renaissance (1437-1526) : The Hunyadis and the Jagello Age = Pannonische Renaissance (1437-1526) : die Hunyadis und die Zeit der Jagiellonen
Everyday life in renaissance times
The complete works of St. Thomas More. Volume 2 , The history of King Richard III
The Borgias : the hidden history
The notebooks of Leonardo da Vinci. Volume II
Architecture of the renaissance : from Brunelleschi to Palladio
The Renaissance : studies in art and poetry to which is added on Raphael from Miscellaneous studies
The ugly Renaissance
The European Renaissance : centres and peripheries
The second duchess
Illuminated manuscripts
Teofilo Gallaccini : selected writings and library
Science and the renaissance. Vol. 1, An introduction to the study of the emergence of the sciences in the sixteenth century
Michelangelo. 1: the youth of Michelangelo
Facets of the renaissance : essays
The art of reneissance in northern Europe : its relation to the contemporary spiritual and intellectual movements
The story of music : from antiquity to the present
The drawings of Hans Holbein in the Collection of His Majesty the King at Windsor Castle
The art of the renaissance
The English Renaissance 1510-1688
The art of the Northern Renaissance
This is Leonardo da Vinci
A star in the raven's shadow : János Vitéz and the beginnings of humanism in Hungary : exhibition organised by the National Széchényi Library 14th March - 15th June 2008
The complete works of St. Thomas More. Volume 4, Utopia
Subject and object in Renaissance culture
The Italian renaissance : culture and society in Italy
The Italian renaissance
Renaissance ethnography and the invention of the human : new worlds, maps and monsters
In the company of the courtesan
Italian renaissance courts : art, pleasure and power
The age of adventure : the Renaissance philosophers
The scorpion. Volume 3
The matter of art : materials, practices, cultural logics, c. 1250-1750
Pearls
The renaissance and the new world
Fashion : the whole story
The English Renaissance miniature
The poems
Science and the renaissance. 2, An annotated bibliography of the sixteenth-century books relating to the sciences in the library of the University of Aberdeen
Urbino : the story of a Renaissance city
Symbolic images : studies in the art of the Renaissance [2]
Character of Renaissance architecture
Michelangelo : paintings, sculpture, architecture
Blood & beauty
Renaissance and revolution : the remaking of European thought
The Renaissance world
The French renascence
Renaissance Treasuries : Songs and Instrumental Pieces = Schätze der Renaissance Musik : Lieder und Instrumentalstücke
A gentill Jhesu : Music from the Fayrfax Manuscript and Henry VIII's Book
Islamic and Arab contribution to the European Renaissance
The Renaissance bazaar : from the Silk Road to Michelangelo
Michelangelo, like Leonardo, was a man of many talents; sculptor, architect, painter and poet, he made the apotheosis of muscular movement, which to him was the physical manifestation of passion. He moulded his draughtsmanship, bent it, twisted it, and stretched it to the extreme limits of possibility. There are not any landscapes in Michelangelo's painting. All the emotions, all the passions, all the thoughts of humanity were personified in his eyes in the naked bodies of men and women. He rarely conceived his human forms in attitudes of immobility or repose. Michelangelo became a painter so that he could express in a more malleable material what his titanesque soul felt, what his sculptor's imagination saw, but what sculpture refused him. Thus this admirable sculptor became the creator, at the Vatican, of the most lyrical and epic decoration ever seen: the Sistine Chapel. The profusion of his invention is spread over this vast area of over 900 square metres. There are 343 principal figures of prodigious variety of expression, many of colossal size, and in addition a great number of subsidiary ones introduced for decorative effect. The creator of this vast scheme was only thirty-four when he began his work. Michelangelo compels us to enlarge our conception of what is beautiful. To the Greeks it was physical perfection; but Michelangelo cared little for physical beauty, except in a few instances, such as his painting of Adam on the Sistine ceiling, and his sculptures of the Pieta. Though a master of anatomy and of the laws of composition, he dared to disregard both if it were necessary to express his concept: to exaggerate the muscles of his figures, and even put them in positions the human body could not naturally assume. In his later painting, The Last Judgment on the end wall of the Sistine, he poured out his soul like a torrent. Michelangelo was the first to make the human form express a variety of emotions. In his hands emotion became an instrument upon which he played, extracting themes and harmonies of infinite variety. His figures carry our imagination far beyond the personal meaning of the names attached to them.
Studies in Italian Renaissance architecture
Raphael : the paintings
A practical guide to historical performance : the renaissance
The book of madness and cures
THE CRUMHORN AND OTHER RENAISSANCE WINDCAP..
Medieval and Renaissance studies : proceedings of the Southeastern Institute of Medieval and Renaissance Studies, summer 1975
The Renaissance
The renaissance philosophy of man
Italian paintings : up to Leonardo and Raphael
Florence and the Renaissance the quattrocento
Art of the Renaissance
Renaissance and renascences in Western art
Elizabeth I : Renaissance prince : a biography
Wolves in winter
STUDIES IN MEDIEVAL & RENAISSANCE MUSIC
Circa 1492 : art in the age of exploration
The Italian renaissance in its historical background
Michelangelo. 4: the tomb of Julius II
The Horizon book of the Renaissance
Collected essays. Vol. 3, Ideas and ideals in the North European Renaissance
Songs from Rosseter's book of ayres
The Last Judgement : Michelangelo and the death of the Renaissance
The Renaissance in Italy continues to exercise a powerful hold on the popular imagination and on scholarly enquiry. This Companion presents a lively, interdisciplinary and current approach to the period that extends in Italy from the turn of the fourteenth century through the latter decades of the sixteenth. Addressed to students, scholars and non-specialists, it introduces the richly varied materials and phenomena as well as the different methodologies through which the Renaissance is studied today in both the English-speaking world and in Italy. The chapters are organised around axes of humanism, historiography and cultural production, and cover many areas including literature, science, music, religion, education, technology, artistic production and economics. The diffusion of the Renaissance throughout Italian territories is emphasised. Overall, the Companion provides an essential overview of a period that witnessed both a significant revalidation of the classical past and the development of new, vernacular and increasingly secular values.
A world lit only by fire : the medieval mind and the Renaissance : portrait of an age
The Medici secret
A history of Renaissance rhetoric, 1380-1620
The dream of reason : a history of philosophy from the greeks to the renaissance
Michelangelo : the frescoes of the Sistine Chapel
Michelangelo. 2: the Sistine Ceiling
Machiavelli : a man misunderstood
Renaissance genius : Galileo Galilei & his legacy to modern science
Distance points : essays in theory and renaissance art and architecture
Music in the renaissance
Game of queens : the women who made sixteenth-century Europe
The continental Renaissance, 1500-1600
Dictionary of world biography. Vol. 3, The Renaissance
Michelangelo. 5: the final period : Last judgement, frescoes of The Pauline Chapel, Last Pietàs
Unknown renaissance portraits : medals of famous men and women of the XV & XVI centuries
The medieval and renaissance world
The sixteenth-century part song : in Italy, France, England and Spain
The Shakespeare encyclopedia : the complete guide to the man and his works
Music and poetry of the English Renaissance
Science and the renaissance. Vol. 2, An annotated bibliography of the sixteenth-century books relating to the sciences in the library of the University of Aberdeen
English ayres and duets
The Italian painters of the Renaissance
Panorama of world art : Renaissance and mannerist art
