http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4973 coeducational schools
coeducational schools
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Five lectures ; Psychoanalysis, politics and utopia
The Cooperation between Savonia University of Applied Sciences and West Anhui University
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Fellmannia – a meeting place for learners
How to manage interaction in international project planning in web conference
Combi2011 : conference proceedings
In recent years, many Finnish universities of applied sciences (UAS) have engaged in systematic development of their educational expertise and services by adapting them for global education markets. The export of education has been acknowledged as its own sphere of operations, which is not only reliant on top-quality education but also requires new skills and competences, as well as novel mindsets, from the actors in higher education institutions. This publication, initiated by the international committee of the Rector's Conference of Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (Arene), gathers UASs' experiences of education export so far, while also providing ideas regarding future aims and expectations for operations in the field. The articles in this publication have been drawn up by 52 education experts representing 13 Finnish UASs, as well as their important interest groups and cooperation partners. These articles not only provide thorough descriptions of the organisation of education export activities within the UASs' structures, they also describe the implementation and delivery of cooperation activities, solutions and services to customers around the world. Moreover, the texts indicate the various areas within which Finnish UASs have been able to productise and sell their education.
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Bullying and young children : understanding the issues and tackling the problem
Co-operation, learning and co-operative values : contemporary issues in education
An introduction to instructional services in academic libraries
Dynamics and management of change : possibilities of integrative consultation
Investing in home-preschool collaboration for understanding social worlds of multilingual children
Guidelines for entrepreneurship training in rural areas
EVGA Japan co-operation report : Ochanomizu Research Visit 2014
Best practices for co-operation between vocational education and nature-based enterprises : Envolwe (Nature Based Entrepreneurs and Vocational Education Training Providers Learning and Working Together), best practice report
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
Developing partnership co-operation in student exchange with Italian Universities
Empowering teachers : what successfull principals do
Coaching educational leadership : building leadership capacity through partnerships
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Dynamics and management of change : possibilities of integrative consultation : a report of the OECD/CERI project: Environment and School Initiatives
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Confluencing for Academic Knowledge - Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
What is it that makes some children bully and some become victims? What can you do if despite your best efforts, a child keeps on taunting another? What steps can you take before communicating with parents and what will you say? The practice of bullying endures in all schools today. Despite the implementation of bullying policies, parents and staff can be equally perplexed: not really understanding what they have or haven't done to allow it to happen. Christine Macintyre explores this highly emotive topic, asking why as many as one in 12 school children are bullying victims, and will show in a highly practical way, what can be done to support the children and help staff improve their own practice. This book will provide help and guidance on: enhancing the self-esteem of the affected children, showing how new-found confidence will enable children to offset the effects of being bullied or indeed being a bully; how to tell parents their child is bullying or being bullied, and how to build up a meaningful and mutually supportive relationship with them; and, creating a learning environment that prevents the desire for children to bully. Based on case studies giving first hand accounts of real-life situations, and evaluations of strategies that have been tried and tested, this book suggests fresh and inspiring ways of tackling a problem faced by many practitioners today.
Export of Education by Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : Reflections on best practices
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
The national Finnish libraries information technology scenario 1997-2006
International interaction forms in global collaboration networks between the information technology industry and engineering education
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Abstract: Equality and Progress - The Finnish Education Project Under Russian Rule.
Innovative entrepreneurship education in the Nordic-Russian context : project report
How to market Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences and increase its competitiveness in Chinese market in order to attract more Chinese degree students.
The joy of reading handbook : improving reading motivation and multiliteracy through collaboration between schools and libraries
The Longitudinal Study of Medical and Health Care  Students' Experiences and Attitudes Towards  Interprofessional Learning in First Semester Course
IPE during the undergraduate medical and health care studies
Practices in cooperation between universities and businesses
Export of education by Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : reflections on best practices
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
Interprofessional education in the Universities of Oulu
Technological research for a better future : the 4th Research Forum of Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Fostering the relationship between home and school : a case study of a senior secondary school in the Gambia
Interprofessional course "Public health and interprofessional collaboration" was planned for the first semester medical and health care students by two universities of Oulu, Finland. The course architecture was built on blended methods including lectures, video based workshops, interactive e-learning phase based on family cases with everyday health and wellbeing problems of the family members. The course ended with student conference. All together 1681 students from ten different degree programs participated in the course during the years 2007-2013. In this paper we describe the students' readiness and attitudes towards interprofessional learning (IPL) with RIPLS (Readiness towards interprofessional learning scale) in the beginning of the course and students' feedback and learning experiences at the end of the course using the web based inquiry. The attitudes and readiness towards IPL were evaluated quite positive. The highest RIPLS scores were evaluated in Teamwork and collaboration. The different development of the attitudes between the groups was seen in Roles and responsibilities. In the longitudinal perspective the medical students evaluated all of the subscales lower than the health care students. The scoring stayed in the same level during the years. The difference between the groups was significant. The learning outcomes correlated linearly with students' own activity. Those students, who took actively part in web and group discussions learned most. Family cases helped them to get the big picture of the service system. Based on students feedback participative methods gradually replaced the traditionally methods like lectures during the years. The learning outcomes were evaluated relatively good.
The managers' handbook for European university lifelong learning
Love and forgiveness in the global community : designing Master's Degree in Global Health Care - Master of Health Care
Chinese students' perceptions of cooperative learning in Finland
Promoting regional engagement of universities : experiences of A.S.A.P. work package 4
Ethnic Koreans in China : Korean school closings and losing Korean ethnicity
Anne of windy poplars
Abstract: Developing Partnership Co-operation in Student Exchange with Italian Universities
Parents' perceptions and experiences of home and school cooperation in English teaching in the secondary school
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
The Frankfurt school
The role of parents in the education systems of the European Union
Educational innovation in Kazakhstan : the case of Bolashak Finland
Understanding the significance of EU higher education policy cooperation in Finnish higher education policy
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Comp[at]ct - connecting Comenius schools
FINNIPS - Joint Efforts for Internationalisation
How to create the school of the future : revolutionary thinking and design from Finland
Development of cooperation in Latin America : Collaboration in education, research and business - opening up new opportunities
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
Shaping the perspectives of future journalists : JOCID 2007-2015 : journalism for civic involvement, democracy and development
Developing IBSE : new issues : the roles of assessment and the relationship with industry : Helsinki, Finland, 30 May - 1 June 2012.
The role of the principal's instructional leadership at schools in Indonesia
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
Cooperation between Higher Education Institutions and Businesses
Co-operation between school and family : (prerequisites, implementations, problems)
Working together for young children : multi-professionalism in action
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Participative leadership practice in junior high schools and actions to improve the practice : a case study of Sekyere south district, Ghana
Managing cooperation between schools: capacity and constraints : a case study of Finnish and Russian schools
Parent, student and teacher collaboration : the power of three
This book is about building leadership capacity in indivudals and in institutions, through enhancing professional relationships. It is based on the importance of maximising potential, and harnessing the ongoing commitment and energy needed to meet personal and professional goals.
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Promoting client centered substance abuse care in St. Petersburg : "Return to society" -project
Class work : mothers' involvement in their children's primary schooling
ICT and curriculum change
Kemin yhteiskoulu = Samskola, Kemi = Co-educational secondary school, Kemi
Parent partnerships in the early years
International collaboration : towards joint research activities in the strategic partnership
Abstract.
A human vision with higher education perspective : institutional evaluation of the Humanistic Polytechnic
A learning community : teachers and students engaged in developing their own learning and understanding
Victim without a face
Innovation competencies development : INCODE barometer and user guide
Developing Partnership Co-operation in Student Exchange with Italian Universities
Adventurous decade and more : Diak's partnership in Asia
Constructing an opportunity centred collaborative learning model through and for entrepreneurship
Parents and their children's schools
Better Life with Energy and Intelligence Technology : The Third Research Forum of Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
National policies that connect ICT-based education reform to economic and social development
Towards a learning organization via an enviromental program
