http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4976 girls' schools
girls' schools
The Professor
Literacy and gender : researching texts, contexts and readers
Etiquette and espionage
Sophronia continues her second year at finishing school in style - with a steel-bladed fan secreted in the folds of her ball gown, of course. Such a fashionable choice of weapon comes in handy when Sophronia, her best friend Dimity, sweet sootie Soap, and the charming Lord Felix Mersey stowaway on a train to return their classmate Sidheag to her werewolf pack in Scotland. Because no one would have suspected what - and who - they would find aboard the suspiciously empty train. Sophronia uncovers a plot that threatens to dissolve all of London into chaos and must decide where her loyalties lie once and for all.
Curtsies and conspiracies
Manners & mutiny
Simply love
Nancy Clancy, super sleuth
Thirteen reasons why
Lily's shimmering spell
Moth diaries
The professor
Second term at Trebizon
Making connections : the relational worlds of adolescent girls at Emm Willard School
Murder most unladylike : a Wells & Wong mystery
The very wicked headmistress
How to catch a witch
Dancing in my nuddy-pants
Where girls come first : the rise, fall, and surprising revival of girls' schools
St Trinian's : the cartoons
Firelight
Pinkalicious : school lunch
Boundless
The Ashleys. Jealous?
Waistcoats & weaponry
Simply perfect
Halloween horror school
Negima!. 2 / translated by Douglas Varenas ; adapted by Peter David and Kathleen O'Shea David
Taking sides : Clashing views in educational psychology
The state of muslim girls in physical activities and sport and significance of parenting in islamic perspective : (the case of Central and Southern Finland)
Unearthly
Betsy goes to school
Concluding
The popularity papers : Research for the social improvement and general betterment of Lydia Goldblatt & Julie Graham-Chang
St. Trinian's II : Kick ass girls 2.
The new girl
Split second
Purplicious
Cat Among the Pigeons
The golden day
Mary had a little lamb
Cat among the pigeons
Kiss and make up
Ivy and Bean and the ghost that had to go
There's a pig up my nose!
Binny in secret
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
Abstract: Equality and Progress - The Finnish Education Project Under Russian Rule.
Judy Moody, mood martian
Seventeen-year-old Greg has managed to become part of every social group at his Pittsburgh high school without having any friends, but his life changes when his mother forces him to befriend Rachel, a girl he once knew in Hebrew school who has leukemia.
The Ashleys
Strawberry panic. Vol. 1
The girl with all the gifts
From the salon to the schoolroom : educating bourgeois girls in nineteenth-century France
Strawberry panic. Vol. 2
Cat among the pigeons : A Hercule Poirot mystery
Strawberry panic : The complete manga collection
Lucy Locket - online disaster
Fashioning the feminine : girls, popular culture and schooling
Illusions of fate
Snakes and ladders
Negima!. [1] / translated by Hajime Honda ; adapted by Peter David and Kathleen O'Shea David
Making Connections maps new territory in the field of psychology. The essays in this volume are “a series of exercises en route to a new psychology of adolescence and of women ... [and] part of a process that they also describe: of changing a tradition by including girls' voices, of listening to girls and asking again about the meaning of self, relationship, and morality - concepts central to any psychology of human development ... Each essay originated with a question that arose or became clarified in the experience of research. No attempt has been made to unify these essays or to arrive at a central thesis, beyond the common intention to listen for the ways in which girls orchestrate themes of connection and separation and concerns about their relationships, and about experiences of conflict.”
Educating middle class daughters : private girls schools in Copenhagen 1790-1820
The Friendship Club
The Ashleys. Birthday vicious
St. Margaret's school, Bushey, Herts
Me and Earl and the dying girl : a novel
All the nice girls
Hallowed
How to be popular : when you're a social reject like me, Steph L.
The scandalous sisterhood of Prickwillow Place
Zelah Green, queen of clean
Tyttökoulu St. Trinian's : Kick ass girls 1.
Akuma no riddle : riddle story of devil. 1
Sophie's shining spell
The Lottie project
Pushing perfect
In an alternate England of 1851, Sophronia Temminnick is the only hope for her friends, her school, and all of London when she must put her espionage training to the test to thwart an evil Picklemen plot.
"Fashioning the Feminine" is a critical consideration of the roles played by popular culture and schooling in the construction of teenage female identity, and the possibilities that exist for challenges and change to that identity. Much has been written in the past decade about the ways in which popular cultural texts construct and legitimize particular images of femininity and masculinity. At the same time, there has been a recognition of the need for schools to provide classroom space and time for the real lived experiences of students. This book explores a field that is now of major concern to a number of different disciplines - sociology, gender studies, literary theory, socio-linguistics, cultural studies and education studies - and to anyone interested in the relationships between gender, culture and education. "Pam Gilbert is a Senior Lecturer in Education at James Cook University, Townsville. She is particularly interested in issues linking literature, language, gender and schooling practices, and is the author of "Coming out from under, Contemporary Australian women writers, Gender, literacy and the classroom" and "Writing, schooling and deconstruction". Sandra Taylor is a Senior Lecturer in Sociology of Education at Queensland Institute of Technology. She has a special interest in gender and schooling, and in policy issues relating to the education of girls. She is co-author of "Undersanding schooling: an introductory sociology of Australian education" and "Battlers and bluestockings: women's place in Australian education. This book is intended for students and researchers in gender studies.
The popularity papers : The Awesomely awful melodies of Lydia Goldblatt & Julie Graham-Chang
South Riding
Madison's starry spell
