http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4972 grammar school (8-year)
grammar school (8-year)
Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone
Reflections of Online Assessment Between BEng Programmes at the Dawn of Digitalization : a Case Study of Online Assessment of Mathematics Programmes in Two Partner Institutions
Days with Dick. Workbook : 1
School-leavers and their prospects : youth in the labour market in the 1980s
Days with Dick. Workbook : 2
Oppikoululaisten terveydenhoito Suomessa vuosina 1962-1966 = Health services in secondary schools in Finland 1962-1966
Is school a better environment than home for digital game-based learning? : the case of Graphogame
Interprofessional and International Learning Experiences in Social and Health Care Higher Education in Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Dick : a story without a plot
A course in spoken English : näin puhutaan englantia
English for you. 1, Sanasto
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Grammar in focus : a differentiated teacher's EFL material for the 4th grade
Creating a learning environment that supports multiculturalism : case: Dynamo Campus
Effective strategies for dropout prevention of at-risk yuoth
The amazing quest of Mr. Ernest Bliss
Providers of education and educational institutions
Influence of grade one Zambian teachers and GraphoGame on initial literacy acquisition : Lusaka district
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarising at university Is there a secret to successful study? The answer is 'yes'! There are some essential skills and smart strategies that will help you to improve your results at university. This easy-to-use guide helps to develop the essential academic skills of writing and thinking needed to cite and reference with confidence in your academic studies. Plagiarism and the most common methods of quoting, summarising and paraphrasing are explained and modelled throughout the book. HOW TO CITE, REFERENCE & AVOID PLAGIARISM AT UNIVERSITY provides tips, tools and techniques you will need to perform with excellence, including how to: * understand the importance of correct citation and referencing in academic writing * be aware of the facts about plagiarism and how it can be identified and avoided * search for and evaluate sources from the literature * introduce the work of others into your own text * understand and use the five most common citation and referencing styles. Visit www.smarterstudyskills.com to access a wealth of useful information, tips, templates and interactive activities that will support your skills development.
BCBU+ handbook : a guide to establish virtual cross-border campus for BCBU network
Gamification framework for marketing courses
Learning to read : reciprocal processes and individual pathways
What is it that makes some children bully and some become victims? What can you do if despite your best efforts, a child keeps on taunting another? What steps can you take before communicating with parents and what will you say? The practice of bullying endures in all schools today. Despite the implementation of bullying policies, parents and staff can be equally perplexed: not really understanding what they have or haven't done to allow it to happen. Christine Macintyre explores this highly emotive topic, asking why as many as one in 12 school children are bullying victims, and will show in a highly practical way, what can be done to support the children and help staff improve their own practice. This book will provide help and guidance on: enhancing the self-esteem of the affected children, showing how new-found confidence will enable children to offset the effects of being bullied or indeed being a bully; how to tell parents their child is bullying or being bullied, and how to build up a meaningful and mutually supportive relationship with them; and, creating a learning environment that prevents the desire for children to bully. Based on case studies giving first hand accounts of real-life situations, and evaluations of strategies that have been tried and tested, this book suggests fresh and inspiring ways of tackling a problem faced by many practitioners today.
The language of schooling : a functional linguistics perspective
WebALT 2006 Proceedings : first WebALT conference and exhibition : January 5-6, 2006 Technical University of Eindhoven, Netherlands
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
Meet America in reading : 32 illustrations, 9 songs, and 4 maps
Adult learners' learning in a university setting : a phenomenographic study
Teaching and learning of electric and magnetic fields at the university level
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
Northern lights on PISA 2009 : focus on reading
Learning environment of Exertus control systems
Teachers for secondary schools, especially teachers training in Finland 1780-1980
ICT in Chilean schools : students' and teachers' access to and use of ICT
Innovative entrepreneurship education in the Nordic-Russian context : project report
Strategic leadership in the business school : keeping one step ahead
ICT and curriculum change
Universities, once at the forefront of campaigns for intellectual liberty, are now bastions of conformity. This provocative book traces the demise of academic freedom within the context of changing ideas about the purpose of the university and the nature of knowledge and is a passionate call to arms for the power of academic thought today.
Key indicators of child and youth well-being : completing the picture
Raising educational standards by means of school effectiveness : a quantitative study of ten senior high schools in the Ashanti region of Ghana
Let's speak English. 2, Glossary
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
Fellmannia – a meeting place for learners
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Let's learn English
Young children’s success in learning situations:actions, views and appraisals in learning contexts
Children's achievement behaviors in relation to their skill development and temperament
"Exercise Was Just a Way Modifying My Body." : Exercise Dependence and Orthorexia among Students in Kainuu Region: A Quantitative Study
Days with Dick. Workbook 1
David Copperfield's school-days : sanasto
Business schools have come under fire in recent years with criticisms centring on their academic rigour and the relevance of business education to the 'real' world of management. Alongside this ongoing debate, increasing international competition and media rankings have led to a fierce struggle between business schools for positioning and differentiation. These are among the challenges that are faced by the Dean of the modern-day business school. In this book, Fernando Fragueiro and Howard Thomas show how Deans of business schools can meet such challenges in terms of strategic direction setting and the execution of their leadership role. Drawing on their invaluable experience as Deans of highly successful business schools, they present a series of case studies to show how leaders of five leading business schools (IMD, LBS, INSEAD, IAE and Warwick) have built effective strategies in the context of internal and external political pressures.
Let's speak English. 2, Grammar and exercises. A, Lessons 1-33
Harry Potter and the chamber of secrets
Let's speak English. 2, Grammar and exercises. B, Lessons 34-83
Behavioral Threat Management: Prevention of Severe Targeted Violence in Educational Institutions
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology  in education field
Take a shower! : a teacher's handbook for language showering in English
Virtual courses on sustainable development in Baltic universities : considerations and recommendations for action
Why Study Online in Upper Secondary School? Qualitative Analysis of Online Learning Experiences
My hero! and other short plays for the classroom
Stressful, important and rewarding : How higher education students experience learning in different environments
Reform of secondary education : summary of the Report of the 1971 Education committee
An American reader : glossary : glossary to chapters, notes and index
English with Bob : englantia aloitteleville
Development in reading and reading related skills : a follow-up study from pre-school to the fourth grade
Assessing for learning : librarians and teachers as partners
Designing and implementing a CSCL-based course on data security of a wireless learning environment
Some students think that online assessment is not a true reflection of their work effort. This paper reports on a collaborative international project within two higher education institutions to research issues of student perception of effort in online assessment. The students participated in completion of questionnaires and a sample was selected to participate in focus group discussion. Evidence from the data suggests that students, have preconceived ideas about assessment, may be uncomfortable with new forms of assessment, and are unsure about how they should interact with online assessment systems. The research indicates that perceptions of effort and reward as seen by students is at variance with those held by teachers. The study offers a brief insight into the thinking of students at first year of study in engineering. It may be suggested that alternative approaches to curriculum and pedagogical design are necessary to alleviate student concerns.
Education about and through technology : in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
Twin-singleton differences among ESL students : a study of affective and cognitive factors at the age of 12
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Days with Dick
Dimensions of university student learning in medicine and pharmacy
This collection of critical essays, originally published in "Pragmatics and Society" 1:2 (2010), discusses how normative biases that shape our relation to the world are constructed through discursive practice in media discourse. The intertextual perspective it adopts is crucial for our understanding of how media representations of speakers and languages shape many of our preconceptions of others. Mediatization is inherently intertextual; the very nature of this process involves extracting the speech behavior of particular speakers or groups from a highly specific context and refracting and reshaping it to be inserted in another stream of representation. The notion of intertextuality becomes a useful concept for the linguistic anthropological study of media discourse in the context of modernity, as it provides us with a tool for exploring the semiotic processes that underlie the way in which the media negotiate and reinscribe the complex relationships of identity that characterize late modern subjecthood.
Teaching in secondary schools
Live-roleplay as a tool   using real world operation cultures as tools for learning
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology in education field
Island of the Blue Dolphins
This study investigated how the use of an online reading game differs in home and school environments. First and second graders (N = 194) participated in an 8-week training during which they used the reading program GraphoGame either at home or at school under the supervision of parents or teachers. Child participants were recommended by parents and teachers recruited from the list of GraphoGame users, and adults decided whether the training took place at home or at school. We measured the frequency and duration of playing, children's engagement, development of reading skill and reading interest, and adult supportive involvement. The results revealed that children who played GraphoGame at school showed higher engagement and used it more frequently than players at home. Although teachers were more involved in the children's playing than were parents, only parental involvement was significantly associated with a child's engagement during training and the child's learning outcomes.
Contradictions of control : school structure and school knowledge
Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
Academic freedom in an age of conformity : confronting the fear of knowledge
Abstract: Equality and Progress - The Finnish Education Project Under Russian Rule.
Anecdotes and short stories
Toward connectivity : internships of Finnish universities of applied sciences
Perspectives from Finland : towards new learning environments
The essential grammar school
Changes in Finnish nursing students' learning approaches between the mid-1990s and the mid-2000s
Let's read English. Glossary and handbook
Management of major accidents : Communication challenges and solutions in the preparedness and response phases for both authorities and companies
English for boys and girls
Little Lord Fauntleroy
Early school leavers in Australia : family, school and personal determinants of the decision of 16-year-old Australians to remain at school or to leave
Assessing motivation and the use of learning strategies by secondary school students in three international schools
Teaching at its best : a research-based resource for college instructors
English picture wordbook
Effects of authentic learning and e-learning in an introductory chemistry laboratory course
Constructing an opportunity centred collaborative learning model through and for entrepreneurship
How's that! : englannin televisiokurssi
Days with Dick. Opettajan ohjekirja
Coaching and mentoring in higher education : a learning-centred approach
School differences and inequities in educational outcomes : PISA 2000 results of reading literacy in Finland
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
The wave : [a novel]
Research on preparing inservice teachers to work effectively with emergent bilinguals
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
In Finland, online learning has become more common in recent years. In this study, we examined why adult students chose to study online for upper secondary school. The research also focused on the support needed for learning from a special education perspective. Both qualitative and quantitative data were collected using an electronic questionnaire. In total, 58 students responded. Data were analyzed qualitatively using the content analysis technique. The findings indicate that the main reasons for online studies are similar in Finland to those found internationally: flexibility of timetables, the student's health condition, and family situations. The findings also indicate that a student's school history leads them to choose online studies. This history included a lack of support, health issues, bullying, and too large class size. Suggested future research and practical implications also are discussed.
Appraisals of education-related goals during educational transitions in late adolescence : consequences for academic well-being and goal attainment
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarism at university
Catch up!.. Pupil's book. - Workbook
Bullying and young children : understanding the issues and tackling the problem
A British reader
Exercises for the upper forms : lukion englannin kielen harjoitustehtäviä sekä ylioppilaskirjoitukset 1965-68
Speak English better!
Babette's feast
What to say : Vocabulary
The school of the FuTure : theoretical and pedagogical approaches for creative and playful learning environments
Where should I begin ? How could I develop? : a handbook for teachers in general education to implement work life and entrepreneurship in their daily practices
Good job! - giving positive feedback in EFL lessons : comparison of primary and secondary school
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Educational assessment of students
Let's speak English. 2, Grammar and exercises : A. Lessons 1-33
Research hatchery as a cradle for new innovators : handbook for implementation
Knowing matters : how students address lack of knowledge in bilingual classroom interaction
Social media for school leaders : a comprehensive guide to getting the most out of Facebook, Twitter, and other essential Web tools
Scaffolding inquiry in science education by means of computer supported collaborative learning : pupils' and teacher students' experiences
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Let's speak English. 2
Indicators of child and youth well-being are indispensable tools for improving the lives of children. In this book, the nation's leading development researchers review the recent progress made in the measurement, collection, dissemination, and use of indicators of child and youth well-being. In addition, they identify opportunities for future research to expand and improve on the indicator data available, so as to develop greater measures of positive development. The first eleven chapters cover key indicators in the areas of health, education, social, and emotional development and then social context indicators of the family, peers, school, and the community. The book then goes on to demonstrate the use of indicators for influencing policy at the state and local levels. One chapter discusses how social indicators were used to guide welfare reform and another recounts the use of the indicators to guide local planning. The volume concludes with a discussion of summary indices of well-being and the methodological challenges of constructing such indices. Written in an accessible manner for policy makers, practitioners, and researchers concerned with children's well-being, including experts in developmental, social, community, and educational psychology, the book also serves as a supplementary text in public policy and the social sciences. The policy chapters will be of particular interest to those who use child and youth indicators to guide policy development.
Magic beans : a material package for teaching English through storytelling and creative drama in primary school
Student assessment is the same as student evaluation. "Some students just don't learn certain skills easily; the best strategy is simply to teach it to them again in the same way." Anyone who holds these beliefs will be surprised to read a contrary view.
Parents' causal attributions concerning their children's academic achievement
Between 1990 and 2010, the English language learner (ELL) population in U.S. schools grew by 80 percent. While the highest concentration of English language learners, now more commonly referred to as emergent bilinguals (EBLs) remains in the traditional immigrant destination states of California, Texas, New York, Florida, Illinois, and New Jersey, in all 50 states there are growing numbers of emergent bilinguals. Interest in these learners has encouraged research and publications, but most of this research has centered on the students themselves and the politics surrounding their education. Publications featuring the research of teacher educators preparing teachers to work with EBLs in schools are much needed. Teacher educators must know how to help inservice teachers provide effective instruction to the increasing number of linguistically diverse students in the schools.
Going to school with narcolepsy : perceptions of families and teachers of children with narcolepsy
Jennings goes to school
British English and American English
Automatic assessment of assignments in mathematics and computing science by adaptive testing.
