http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4974 boys' schools
boys' schools
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: double down
Zero to hero
Greg records his sixth grade experiences in a middle school where he and his best friend, Rowley, undersized weaklings amid boys who need to shave twice daily, hope just to survive, but when Rowley grows more popular, Greg must take drastic measures to save their friendship / WorldCat.
Goodnight Punpun. 1
Challenging violence in schools : an issue of masculinities
Taking sides : Clashing views in educational psychology
The boys of Icehearts and the 'Hood : a perspective on the everyday realities of growing up in a disadvantaged neighbourhood in Finland
Hallowed
Hank Zipzer : the worlds greatest underachiever and the parent-teacher trouble
Waiting for Gonzo
How Harry Riddles mega-massively broke the school
Diary of a wimpy kid. 3, The last straw
Blast off!
Unearthly
Seventeen-year-old Greg has managed to become part of every social group at his Pittsburgh high school without having any friends, but his life changes when his mother forces him to befriend Rachel, a girl he once knew in Hebrew school who has leukemia.
Teaching the male brain : how boys think, feel, and learn in school
Princess Labelmaker to the rescue : an origami Yoda book
Princess in pink
Sexton
Greg Heffley tells about his summer vacation and his attempts to steer clear of trouble when he returns to middle school and tries to keep his older brother Rodrick from telling everyone about Greg's most humiliating experience of the summer.
Innocent, yet ambitious : childhood in 19th century America as depicted in Louisa May Alcott's Little Women series
Diary of a wimpy kid. 10, Old school
Xiao pi hai ri ji. 7, Cong tian er jiang de ju zhai = Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, the third wheel
Darth Paper strikes back : an origami Yoda book
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
How Harry Riddles got nearly almost famous
The dubious salvation of Jack V.
The surprise attack of Jabba the Puppett : an origami Yoda book
My teacher is a monster! : (no, I am not)
Ringleaders & sidekicks : how to help your son cope with classroom politics, bullying, girls and growing up
Managing boys' behaviour
Middle-schooler Greg Heffley nimbly sidesteps his father's attempts to change Greg's wimpy ways until his father threatens to send him to military school.
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
New boy
Whispers in the graveyard
The art of being normal
Diary of a wimpy kid : hard luck
Marvin Redpost, why pick on me?
Marvin Redpost : a flying birthday cake?
Gentlemen and players
Alfie the werewolf : full moon
Whatever : a novel
Diary of a wimpy kid : Greg Heffley's journal
Diary of a wimpy kid : Rodrick rules
Understanding the boys : issues of behaviour and achievement
A tiny bit lucky
Diary of a wimpy kid : a novel in cartoons
The Raven Boys
52 teen boy problems and how to solve them
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
Masculinities at school
Access denied (and other eight grade error messages) : a novel
Different class
Ishmael and the return of the Dugongs
Diary of a wimpy kid : the last straw
D.N. Angel. Volume 4 / [translation: Alethea Nibley, Athena Nibley]; [English adaptation: Sarah Dyer]
The best man
Real mermaids don't need high heels
Diary of a wimpy kid : cabin fever
Don't call me Ishmael
Diary of a wimpy kid. 1
"Junior year is going to be the best ever for slacker Mike until he loses his girlfriend, gets roped into school activities, and becomes totally confused about his sexual orientation after sharing a drunken kiss with a guy." / Library of Congress.
Archer has four important role models in his life - his dad, his grandfather, his uncle Paul, and his favorite teacher, Mr. McLeod. When Uncle Paul and Mr. McLeod get married, Archer's sixth-grade year becomes one he'll never forget. --
Xiao pi hai ri ji. 10, Pi gu zhao pian feng bo = Diary of a wimpy kid. 10, Old school
Spy School
The boy who grew flowers
Boys' underachievement in education : an exploration in selected Commonwealth countries
And two boys booed
Sexy
The terrible two
Masculinity goes to school
Literacy and gender : researching texts, contexts and readers
Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, The third wheel
The secret of the Fortune Wookiee : an Origami Yoda book
Horrid Henry's gross guide to... volume 1 : Terrible teachers!
Diary of a Wimpy Kid : the third wheel
Gakuen heaven Nakajima : Boy's love scramble : Close to you
Me and Earl and the dying girl : a novel
House of robots
Fifteen-year-old Michael and his friend Francis both feel betrayed when someone at their private school learns of Evgard, a secret fantasy world they created together, but when a sadistic bully becomes involved in Michael's plan for revenge, the boys and Evgard itself face grave danger.
Feather boy
Greg records his sixth grade experiences in a middle school where he and his best friend, Rowley, undersized weaklings amid boys who need to shave twice daily, hope just to survive, but when Rowley grows more popular, Greg must take drastic measures to save their friendship.
Diary of a Wimpy Kid : hard luck
The traitor game
The rotters' club
Equally prepared for life? : how 15-year-old boys and girls perform in school
Little men : life at Plumfield with Jo's boys
The boy who did P. E. in his pants
