http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4987 maps
maps
Preliminary map of Central Colorado showing the region surveyed in 1873 and 1874
Map coverage of Finland = Kartensituation in Finnland : 31.10.1971
[Chart of northern navigation]
Fifth United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for Asia and the Far East, 8-22 March 1967, Canberra, Australia. 2, Proceedings of the Conference and technical papers
Scandinavia and its confines, in which are the Kingdoms of Sweden, Denmark, and Norway, divided into their principall provinces viz. Under the crown of Sweden, those of Gothland, Sweden, Lapland, Finland, Ingria, and Livonia; Under the crown of Denmark, those of Jutland, Sleswick, Zealand, Fyonie, &c. In Denmark those of Agger, Dronthem, and Wardhous, in Norway
Islands in the Southern Indian Ocean
Finnish folklore atlas
Cartography in France 1660-1848 : science, engineering, and statecraft
More flexible ways of using concept maps in classrooms : notes for teachers
United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for Africa 1-12 July 1963, Nairobi, Kenya. 2, Proceedings of the Conference and technical papers
The Daily Telegraph map of North America
South East Asia : world continent map 1:4 million
Preparing for an interpreting assignment : an element of an interpreter's expertise
From images to point clouds:practical considerations for three-dimensional computer vision
Communication performance prediction and link adaptation based on a statistical radio channel model
Mental models : aligning design strategy with human behavior
The genetic basis of incipient speciation in <em>Arabidopsis lyrata</em>
Map of Helsinki-Helsingfors
World pre-history culture correlation chart : 8500 BC to 1975 AD
Brazil : River Pará (the eastern branch of the R. Amazona)
South America east coast : sheet III : Cabo do Norte to Maranham
St. Lawrence Bay showing Lutke's Harbor by the U.S. Ship Vincennes : lieutenant John Rodgers September 1855
Tidal Stream Atlas : North Sea, North Western Part : NP 252.
Sketch map of part of Spitzbergen
Topographical atlas of the city of New York
Construction of Sound Models using Freely Available Data
Sweden and Norway
A geological sketch map of the island of Yesso, Japan
The multi-source national forest inventory of Finland : methods and results 2011
Viking and medieval York : historical map & guide : scale 1:2500
Antique maps for the collector
Atlas of the world : (The Times). 4, Southern Europe and Africa
Europe after the Congress of Vienna : a map of Europe with the political divisions
The northern provinces of Sweden and Norway with part I of Russia
Map of the Upper Geyser Basin on the Upper Madison River, Montana Terr
Geological sketch map of New Zealand constructed from official surveys and the explorations of F. von Hochstetter, Julius Haast and others
Map of the natural frontiers of the peoples of Europe
The Daily Telegraph map of Australia
The Russian Empire in Europe, Asia and America
A new & accurate map of Sweden : collected from the latest improvemts. and adjusted by the most authentic astronl. observations
Chart of a portion of North-West Greenland : altered according to the positions and measurements obtained by the Swedish expedition of 1870
Not For Tourists guide to London
Pocket Chicago : top sights, local life, made easy
A new and exact map of Sweden and Norway corrected from the best observations communicated to the Royal Society at London & the Royal Academy at Paris &c
Map of a part of eastern Asia to show the commercial position of the productive coal fields of Yesso, Japan
Part of the Arctic Ocean reconnoitered in the U.S. Ship Vincennes
A map of Russia
A General Chart of the Baltic or East Sea, including the Gulfs of Bothnia and Finland : compiled from the Surveys
The penguin map of Europe - new ed
Basen Vestfjella, Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica
Maps : topographical and statiscical maps
The environs of Yokohama
Brazil : basic outline
Various types of boundaries crisscross the Finnish territory. Aside the politicoadministrative boundaries of the Finnish state, there are technical-logistical barriers and cultural, socio-spatial, and economic divisions. The main tendency has, however, been the increasing contingency in relation to their location and stability. Some of these boundaries may overlap and therefore strengthen each other, others can hardly be mapped due to their fuzziness. This article provides an introduction to the recent changes of the boundaries of Finland.
Roman and Anglian York : historical map & guide : scale 1:2500
Essentials of Helsinge
Track of HSMS Sophia tracing the extent of navigable water along the main northern ice between Spitzbergen and Greenland September 1868 : also showing the nature of the ice and temperature and depth of the sea
Yang-Tse-Kiang : from the sea to Nanking
Brazil : general railroads : Brazil : telegraphic lines
A new map of Denmark, Norway, Sweden & Moscovy, shewing their present general divisions, cheif, cities or towns, rivers, mountains, &c. : dedicated to his highness William Duke of Glocester
A new and accurate map of Scandinavia, or the northern crowns of Sweden, Denmark, and Norway : drawn from the most approv'd maps and charts, and adjusted by astronoml. observations
The atlas of world history. 3, The dark ages
A linkage map of spring turnip rape based on RFLP and RAPD markers
Changing the planning for agile and lean software development:from roadmapping to continuous planning
Map of Italy and Switzerland
Location based guide application for Windows Phone 7
The Vilna problem : with five maps
Map of the sources of Snake River : with its tributaries together with portions of the headwaters of the Madison and Yellowstone from surveys and observations of the Snake River Expedition
Pocket Porto : top sights, local life, made easy
Bay of Bengal : a survey of the sea face of the Soondurbuns
Atlas of the world : (The Times). 5, The Americas
Atlas of the world : (The Times). 2, South-West Asia & Russia
Catalogue. 23, The British Isles, Part 3, London
Runkokaava : Seutu vuonna 2000 = Stomplan : Region år 2000 = Outline regional plan : The region in the year 2000
A new map of Sweden and Norway
Sweden : corrected from the observations communicated to the Roayl Society at London and the Royal Academy at Paris
Effects of heavy alcohol intake on lipoproteins, adiponectin and cardiovascular risk
Tiekartasto = Vägatlas = Road atlas = Strassenatlas : Suomi-Finland : GT
A geological and topographical sketch map of the New York and Westmoreland Gas Coal Company's lands, at Manor Sta., Westm'd Co., Pa
Suomi - Finland. Aeronautical chart
The Straits of Seniavine : Behring Straits by the U.S. Ship Vincennes
History of graphic tools presenting concepts and propositions
Sweden, Denmark and Norway
Atlas of high conservation value areas, and analysis of gaps and representativeness of the protected area network in northwest Russia : Arkhangelsk, Vologda, Leningrad, and Murmansk Regions, Republic of Karelia, and City of St. Petersburg
Saimaan alueen vesienkäytön kokonaissuunnitelma : suunnittelualueen yleiskartta = Integrated water resources development plan for the district of Lake Saimaa : general map of project area
Geological map of Europe exhibiting the different systems of rocks according to the most recent researches and inedited materials / by Roderick I. Murchison and James Nicol ; constructed by A. Keith Johnston
The 21st century world atlas
Delineatio Pennsilvaniae et Caesareae nov. occident, seu West N. Jersey in America
Spitzbergen 1873 : track of the Diana 1873.
Categorical mapping from estimates of continuous forest attributes - classification and accuracy
The outtermost or the fartheste parte of the Easterne Sea eastwardly, the which lyeth inclosed with in the coastes of East Finland, Rusland, & Lyffland, and wherein lye the Narve and Wyburgh the twoo furthermost places or marchante townes of the whole Easterne Navigation, with all the circumstances of the situation, the isles and Swedish rockes called Schares
Road Atlas of the British Isles 1998 [Kartta-aineisto]
Mapping the historical sense of Finland
Catalogue. 20, Manuscript maps and charts
An atlas of world affairs
Behring's Sea and Arctic Ocean from surveys of the U.S. North Pacific Surveying Expedition in 1855 John Rogers commanding and from Russian and English authorities : additions to July 1868
Atlas of the forest sector in Poland
A new map of Europe from the latest observations : inscrib'd to the hono.ble Samuel Molyneux esq. secretary to his R. H. the Prince
Natal : nach: map of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope and neighbouring territories 1895.
A new map of Denmark, Norway, Sweden, & Moscovy : shewing their present general divisions, cheif, cities or towns, rivers, mountains, & c.
Catalogue. 28, Admiralty charts and selected maps
Central Spitsbergen from sketch surveys made in 1896 and 1897
India : west coast : Gulf of Cutch to Viziadrig from surveys by the officers of the East India government 1828-1856
Catalogue. 22, Rare and interesting printed maps up to 1800
Map of the north coast of Russia indicating the proposed trade route of the Obi-railway
Scandinavia and its confines in which are the Kingdoms of Sweden, Norway &c. divided into their principall provinces
Sweden, Denmark, Norway, and Finland
Designing a multichannel map service concept
A new map of Scandinavia : containing ye kingdoms of Sweden, Denmark & Norway
The boundaries of Finland in transition
Drainage map of Colorado
The dominions of the Czar of Russia Alba or Great Duke of Moscovia in which are the Dukedoms of Moscow, Wolodimer, Rezan, Worotin, Novogorod-Sewierski, Czernihow, Smolensko, Reschow, Twer, Novogorod-Weliki, Biele Jezora, Wologda, ..
A map of the eastern part of the Roman Empire
Montana and Wyoming territories : embracing most of the country drained by the Madison, Gallatin and upper Yellowstone rivers
Discover Ireland
Philips' map of Egypt and the Soudan, including the Valley of the Nile, the Red Sea, Abyssinia, Arabia, etc
Arctic Sea : Behring Strait : sheet III 1853 : additions to 1855
Nieuwe paskaart voor een gedeelte van de Oost-Zee = Nouvelle carte hydrographique d'une partie de la Mer Baltique = Nya pass cort öfwer yen dehl af Oster-Siöön = The new sea map of the second of the East-Sea
A generall mappe of Scandinavia, where are the estates and kingdomes of Danemark, Norway and Sweden (1693)
New York : city - 1:17000
Pocket Prague : top sights, local life, made easy
Utilization of mobile phone as pointing device
Effects of positioning aids on understanding the relationship between a mobile map and the environment
Alaska and adjoining territory : U.S. coast and geodetic survey
Paris : city guide
Nordland og sör-Troms : bil- og turistkart = tourist map = Touristenkarte = Carte touristique
The Multi-source National Forest Inventory of Finland : methods and results 2009
Pocket Paris : top sights, local life, made easy
A map of the western part of the Roman Empire
Kenya : atlas of our changing environment
The article looks at the development of cartographic representations of Finland from a social constructionist perspective. The image of Finland, as portrayed on maps, has contributed significantly to the Finnish nation-building process. As a medium for the dissemination of information, maps have enabled the broad popularisation of the idea of Finland as a unified territory and nation. Maps have also helped to build the sense of Finnishness by representing the country in exclusively Finnish terms, e.g., with Finnish place names. Finally, maps build the sense of a continuous national history by situating political and cultural events and portraying these in a timeless manner. In all, maps are powerful representations that should be assessed as agents of change rather than passive objects.
Atlas of the world : (The Times). 1, The world, Australasia & East Asia
A.E. Nordenskiöld collection included in the Unesco Memory
An accurate map of Sweden, Denmark, and Norway, from the best authorities by Thos. Bowen
Map of the Lower Geyser Basin of the Upper Madison River
The national atlas of Japan
Loviisan satama = Lovisa hamn = Port of Lovisa
Map of the United States and territories showing the extent of public surveys and military reservations, land grant R.R., rail roads, canals, and other details ..
Map illustrating the site of the harbours for the proposed Obi-railway : the soundings are all calculated in feet and are based upon the data of the Russian Marine Ministry : the underlined figures are soundings taken by the scooner Bakan, 1887.
Nordkalotten = Pohjois-kalotti = Nordskandinavien = Northern Scandinavia = Scandinavie du Nord
This article presents the results of the Finnish multi-source forest inventory corresponding to year 2011. For these products, the method uses satellite images from years 2009-2012, digital map data, and field data. The main purpose of the article is to make multi-source forest inventory results available for the foresters, and all the readers interested in forests and forest environment. The field data originates from the 10th Finnish National Forest Inventory from years 2007 and 2008, and from the 11th Finnish National Forest Inventory from years 2009 to 2011. The field data has been computationally updated to the date 31 July, 2011. The basic features of the employed improved k-NN, ik-NN, method are described. The results are presented by the regions of the Public Service unit (regions) of the Finnish Forest Centre and within the regions by municipalities, the boundaries as on 1.1.2011. The estimates are given, for example, for land areas, areas of tree species dominance, age, and development classes and often separately for forests available for wood supply. The mean volume and total volume estimates are given in many different ways: mean volumes by tree species and by timber assortments for forest land, and combined forest land and poorly productive forest land and also for forests available for wood supply, as well as by age and development classes. The biomass estimates are given, in addition to the total biomass estimates, by tree species groups in young thinning stands in which first commercial thinning was proposed for the first 5-year period, separately for stem and bark and branches and foliage. The biomass estimates of mature forests are presented separately for branches, foliage and stem residuals, and stumps and large roots by tree species groups. These biomass estimates are given separately for land available for wood supply. All presented results can be employed in calculating forest resource estimates also for regions larger than municipalities. The error sources for the estimates as well as the reliability of the estimates are briefly discussed in Section 3.4.4 and Chapter 5.
Investigation and analysis of present situation and future prospect of information and communication technology to develop agriculture in Nepal
The South Shetland and South Orkney Islands with the tracks of the several discoverers 1819 to 1843
Helsingin karttoja : erityiskäyttöön = Kartor över Helsingfors : för speciellt bruk = Maps of Helsinki : for general use ; Helsingin karttoja : yleiskäyttöön = Kartor över Helsingfors : för allmänt bruk = Maps of Helsinki : for special use
Mind mapping for dummies
Helsinki-atlas = Atlas över Helsingfors = Atlas of Helsinki
The multi-source national forest inventory of Finland : methods and results 2013
Rarotonga, Cook Island - an island in the South Pacific Ocean
Mires on the map of Russia
Pocket Barcelona : top sights, local life, made easy
A map or chart of the Gulfs of Finland and Livonia with their respective ports and harbours, together with a large Plan of Kroonstad and St. Petersburg, taken from an original drawing lately sent from St. Petersburg
India : west coast : Viziadrug to Cochin with the Lacadivh archipelago from surveys by the officers of the East India government 1828-1856
Maps and diagrams : their compilation and construction
Catalogue. 27, Fine Books, maps and prints
The multi-source national forest inventory of Finland : methods and results 2007
"Daily Mail" map of the war in China
Joint multiuser power allocation and iterative multi-antenna receiver design
Atlas of the world : (The Times). 3, Northern Europe
A generall mappe of Scandinavia, where are the estates and kingdomes of Danemark, Norway and Sweden (1669)
South Pacific Ocean
The Arctic Ocean between Greenland and Nova Zemla and between the 60th and 82d parallel of latitude from Swedish, Danish, British, Russian and German surveys and explorations up to 1871
USSR in maps
