http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4989 legends
legends
77 Prague legends
Tuked Rini : life and legend in the heart of Borneo
Contemporary legend : a folklore bibliography
The armed garden and other stories
Myths &​ legends of Ancient Egypt
Beyond the sea
The legends of the Jews. 5, Notes to Volumes 1 and 2 from the Creation to the Exodus
Thorn Jack : a night and nothing novel
The legend of the Baal-Shem
Fabulous Celtic beasts
Tales from the Upanishads
Tallinn on your own : an old town in tales and legends
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
The legends of the Jews. 6, Notes to Volumes 3 and 4 from Moses in the Wilderness to Esther
Essential African mythology
Children's book of mythical beasts &​ magical monsters
Land of the long white cloud : Maori myths, tales and legends
Summary in Estonian.
The legends of the Jews. 3, Bible times and characters from the Exodus to the death of Moses
The angel/monster dichotomy in the Arthurian tradition : queen Guinevere and Morgan le Fay
The inner Hebrides and their legends
The cage
Priestess of Avalon
Woman of a thousand secrets
Finding Arthur : the true origins of the once and future King
The legends of the Jews. 5, Notes to volumes 1 and 2 from the Creation to the Exodus
The Faber book of northern legends
Camelot 3000 : The deluxe edition
Grandma Panda's China storybook : legends, traditions and fun
Xiyouji = Journey to the West. VI
The archers
The land of legends and heroes
The everything Celtic wisdom book : find inspiration through ancient traditions, rituals, and spirituality
North Star : St. Herman of Alaska
Xiyouji = Journey to the West. III
Kvothe takes his first steps on the path of the hero as he attempts to uncover the truth about the mysterious Amyr, the Chandrian, and the death of his parents. Along the way, Kvothe is put on trial by the legendary Adem mercenaries, forced to reclaim the honor of the Edema Ruh, and travels into the Fae realm where he meets Felurian, the faerie woman no man can resist.
The holy Grail : the history of a legend
Wolf cub
The golden legend : selections
The silver bough
Dodo : the bird behind the legend
Ancestors of Avalon
Dark fairies
Albion : a guide to legendary Britain
The Mabinogion
The churning of the ocean
Tales from the three kingdoms = Samguk seolhwa
My first book of myths and legends
The brand of the exiles
Sir Gawain & the green knight : a new verse translation
Carruurtii reer Leer : [Waa Khuraafaadkii Dadka Keltik-ga] = The Children of Lir : [a celtic legend]
In the realm of the gods : lands, myths, and legends of China
Da Vinci's last commission : the most sensational detective story in the history of art
Suleiman's gold
Rosslyn and the Grail
The legends of the Jews. 1, Bible times and characters from the creation to Jacob
Irish tales of mystery and magic
SCANDINAVIAN LEGENDS AND FOLK-TALES
The legends of the Jews. 6, Notes to volumes 3 and 4 from Moses in the Wilderness to Esther
The glass demon
Eyak legends : stories and photographs
Illusions of fate
Lir aracanin kuzhanthaigal = The Children of Lir
Polaris : chivalric tragedy at the utmost north
al-Pid Paypar = The pied piper
Xiyouji = Journey to the West. II
Folklore, myths, and legends : a world perspective
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
The extraordinary adventures of Alfred Kropp
The Midas flesh. Volume one
Saints : the art, the history, the inspiration
The death of King Arthur : Thomas Malory's Le morte d'Arthur
Worlds Of Arthur : facts & fictions of the dark ages
Xiyouji = Journey to the West. IV
The legends and fairytales of Trakai
World of warcraft : chronicle. Volume 1
These dark wings
The divine madman : the sublime life and songs of Drukpa Kunley
Arthurian romance : a short introduction
The miracles of the Kasuga deity
The land of Qa
The pharaoh's secret
Childrens book of mythical beasts and magical monsters
A gallery of Chinese immortals
Myths & legends of China
The adventures of Robin Hood and Marian
The chosen
The mythology of the Aztec & Maya : an illustrated encyclopedia of the gods, myths and legends of the Aztecs, Maya and other peoples of ancient Mexico and central America, with over 240 fine art illustrations and photographs
The outlaws of medieval legend
City of the lost god
Irish myths and legends
Jesus's childhood escapades and graphic descriptions of the torments of Hell - this book introduces readers to a selection, in a modern translation, of the many interesting and bizarre stories about Jesus and his followers which make up the Apocryphal New Testament - stories which have profoundly influenced aspects of later Christian doctrines.
Merlin : once and future wizard
The apocryphal Jesus : legends of the early church
Overlooked historical records of the three Korean kingdoms
Myths and legends of ancient Egypt
The legends of the Jews. 4, Bible times and characters from Joshua to Esther
People of Kauwerak : legends of the Northern Eskimo
The story of the Easter Robin
Dream-symbolism in the Śrāmanic tradition : two psychoanalytical studies in Jinist & Buddhist dream legends
De assumpcione Beate Marie post mortem : a legend of the assumption of the Virgin Mary, British Museum MS. Additional 39996 : an edition
The knights of the round table
Legends of the Micmacs
Xiyouji = Journey to the West. V
A treasury of Buddhist stories from the Dhammapada commentary
Great Irish legends for children
Folklore, myths and legends of Britain
The owl service
The invisible fortress
The three elders of Aran
The legendary history of Britain : Geoffrey of Monmouth's Historia regum Britanniae and its early vernacular versions
The story of Robin Hood
Stories from Latin America = Historias de Latinoamérica
Child of the stars
The Quest of the Holy Grail ; transl. with an introd. by P. M. Matarasso
Beyond the shadows
The name of the wind
Celtic Warrior : The Legend of Cu Chulainn
Ideal and image : Saint Birgit in her earliest lives
The sun sword
Queen of nowhere
Tales of Ticasuk : Eskimo legends & stories
White magic : an introduction to the folklore of Christian legend
The legend of Brynhild
The blue plague
Legends of the stars
Celtic Myths and Legends
The Brendan legend : texts and versions
American Folk Tales and Legends
Tudor books of saints and martyrs
Field guide to fantastic creatures : the ultimate monster encyclopedia
THE RAINBOW BOOK OF AMERICAN FOLK TALES AND LEGENDS
China and the Mongols : history and legend under the Yüan and Ming
Introduction --A: Stories Relating to the Period of the New Testament Gospels --1. The Birth of Jesus --2. The Childhood of Jesus --3. Jesus' Parents --4. The Ministry of Jesus --5. The Death and Resurrection of Jesus --6. Pilate --7. Jesus in the Underworld --8. Veronica --9. Zacharias --B: Stories Relating to the Growth of the Church --10. Peter --11. Paul --12. John --13. Thomas --14. Andrew --C. Stories Relating to Life After Death --15. Heaven and Hell --16. The End of Time.
Stories from the six worlds : Micmac legends
The story of King Arthur and his knights
Samantha Sutton and the labyrinth of lies
Lost worlds
The wise man's fear
The lay of Aotrou and Itroun : together with The Corrigan poems
Chronicles of the celts : new tellings of their myths and legends
The Master of the mountains
American folklore and legend
Traditional tales from India : based on myths and legends retold by Philip Ardagh
The adventures of King Arthur
Lancelot of the lake
Atlantis : the legend of a lost city
The ordinary and the fabulous : an introduction to myths, legends and fairy tales
Camelot burning
Samguk yusa : legends and history of the Three kingdoms of ancient Korea
Nhung Nguòi Con cua Li-o : môt truyên cô tich cua Nguòi Seo = The Children of Lir : a celtic legend
The legends of the Jews. 7, Index
The legends of the Jews. 2, Bible times and characters from Joseph to the Exodus
On the trail of Britain's fairy folk
Atfal Lir = The Children of Lir : [a celtic legend]
Japanese mythology
The New junior classics. Vol. 3, Myths and legends
Young woman in a garden : stories
Indra and Shibi
The guardian of the keys
The fourth Gwenevere
Malay myths and legends
Ogotai's crown
