http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p4990 tales
tales
The big book of fairies
The good, the bad and the infernal
The Ōkagami : a Japanese historical tale
Last day in Vietnam : a memory
The travelling concepts of narrative
Storytelling in the classroom : enhancing traditional oral skills for teachers and pupils
The round house
The New junior classics. Vol. 4, Hero tales
Rory's story cubes : tarinakuutiot
Queer spirits : a gay men's myth book
Rama and Sita : path of flames
Pirates 'n' Pistols : Ten Swashbuckling Pirate Tales
The smart princess and other deaf tales : a project of the Canadian Cultural Society of the Deaf
The investigation
Hyperion
Tales for change : using storytelling to develop people and organizations
Apache gold and Yaqui silver
The theory & practise of lunch
A Treasury of Humor and Toastmaster's Handbook
Legends are alive : review of The 2012 Belief Narrative Network symposium, 28th-30th August 2012, Novi Sad, Serbia
The Storyteller
Analysis of story and gameplay elements in visual novel games
All marketers are liars : the underground classic that explains how marketing really works - and why authenticity is the best marketing of all
Classic horse stories
Examines the importance of marketing the twenty-first-century economy, explaining why it is important for businesses to develop a story about their product that will fit society's worldview and encourage people to buy one product over another identical product.
Sisters of blood and spirit
Piglet Meets a Heffalump
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
The story of Kullervo
The Penguin book of Scandinavian folktales
Native American creation stories of family and friendship
Thus have I heard : buddhist parables and stories
Stories in the stars : an atlas of constellations
Selected stories
The Barefoot book of knights
Storylines : politics, history and narrative from an Arendtian perspective
Bedtime stories for grown-ups
The Decca Book of ballet
Myths from around the world
Imaginary things: modern myth in Neil Gaiman's "American Gods" (2001)
The mammoth book of best new horror. Volume eighteen
The uninvited : a novel
Mezolith. book 2, Stone age dreams and nightmares
Life of Pi
Talking tools : faces of aboriginal oral tradition in contemporary society
The Spanish ambassador's suitcase : stories from the diplomatic bag
Xulie duan wen yuedu = A Series of short Chinese readings. (3)
Tarinakuutiot = Rory's story cubes = Berättarkuber  = Fantasiterninger
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The second volume in Ben Haggarty and Adam Brockbank's stunning series of adventure set 10,000 years in the past. The Kansa tribe live on the eastern shores of Stone Age Britain, where danger is never far away. Step by step, Poika's journey into manhood continues-caught in a mesh of tribal hunts, gatherings, and feasts determined by the waxing and waning of thirteen moons. The boundary between the real and imagined worlds blur as more and more of the Kansa cosmology is revealed in the dreams, nightmares, and ancestral beauty of Mezolith.
Overlooked historical records of the three Korean kingdoms
The penguin book of first world war stories
Retelling stories, framing culture : traditional story and metanarratives in children's literature
Summary in Estonian.
How the Olympics came to be
Bewitching the duke
The wrong kind of snow : how the weather made Britain
Deep in the Niger Delta, officer Chike Ameobi deserts the army and sets out on the road to Lagos. He is soon joined by a wayward private, a naive militant, a vulnerable young woman and a runaway middle-class wife. The shared goals of this unlikely group: freedom and new life. As they strive to find their places in the city, they become embroiled in a political scandal. Ahmed Bakare, editor of the failing Nigerian Journal, is determined to report the truth. Yet government minister Chief Sandayo will do anything to maintain his position. Trapped between the two, they are forced to make a life-changing decision. Full of shimmering detail, Welcome to Lagos is a stunning portrayal of an extraordinary city, and of seven lives that intersect in a breathless story of courage and survival.
The Faber book of nursery stories
Gottland : mostly true stories from half of Czechoslovakia
The golden ass
Magic beans : a material package for teaching English through storytelling and creative drama in primary school
Two old women : an Alaska legend of betrayal, courage and survival
Storytelling in therapy
Butterfly palace
The real Tripitaka and other pieces
Roald Dahl's Heroes and villains
The adventures Of Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Raama iyo Boqorkii Cirfiidka = Rama and the Demon King
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
Playing horror : narrative and genre in Valve's Left 4 Dead Series
Myths - aetia or animal stories?
I'm not with the band : a writer's life lost in music
Storytelling for user experience : crafting stories for better design
Tales from ancient worlds
Native American stories
Tales from the three kingdoms = Samguk seolhwa
Arthurian literature and society
T.I.M.E. stories
The good story : exchanges on truth, fiction and psychotherapy
Romeo and Juliet : a Shakespeare story
Sparrow Hill Road
A single match
Our favourite stories : [from around the world]
Adherence to the home-country location of corporate headquarters : narratives of cultural identity, and resource-based pragmatism of globalising Finnish MNCs : location factors and managers' mutual knowledge networks in the Helsinki region
Out of bounds : legendary tales from the 19th hole
Once upon a time : the storytelling card game
Chinese fables and cultural stories = Zhongguo wenhua yuyan gushi
In the shadow of blackbirds
The indestructible fairy tale : the role and meaning of fairy tales for adult women
A choreographer's handbook
Handbook for experience stagers
Goldilocks
Great ghost stories
After being killed by a man who is trying to use her soul to gain immortality, Rose Marshall, still sixteen, has been on the run for sixty years, trying to outrace the man and regain her freedom.
The bat
Amazing fishing stories: : incredible tales from stream to open sea
The Kingfisher book of animal stories for the very young
The Tiddler sound book
Tell me another : storytelling and reading aloud at home, at school and in the community
The legend of five great deaf ghost stories
Rolf Harris's true animal tales
The mistletoe bride : & other haunting tales
The seven basic plots : why we tell stories
Horowitz horror : nine nasty stories to chill you to the bone
Around the corporate campfire : how great leaders use stories to inspire success
Clockwork lives
Great escapes : Alcatraz, the Berlin Wall, Colditz, Devil's Island and 20 other stories of daring, audacity and ingenuity
Fables of King Arthur : Aelred of Rievaulx and secular pastimes
The Canterbury tales
Dictionary of Christian lore and legend
Xulie duan wen yuedu = A Series of short Chinese readings. (1)
The storytelling styles and brand perception of wine labels
The Complete tales and poems of Edgar Allan Poe
The mammoth book of best new science fiction. 20th annual collection
Powers of death : church-väki in the Finnish folk belief tradition
Anecdotes and short stories
Professor Stewart's casebook of mathematical mysteries
Constructing leadership by storytelling   the meaning of trust and narratives
Mytharion : the comparison of tales from the Old Testament and the ancient Near East
The good people : new fairylore essays
"Like a good story, successful design is a series of engaging moments structured over time. The User's Journey will show you how, when, and why to use narrative structure, technique, and principles to ideate, craft, and test a cohesive vision for an engaging outcome. See how a 'story first' approach can transform your product, feature, landing page, flow, campaign, content, or product strategy."
Animal heroes : true stories of extraordinary animals
Myths and legends : complete & unabridged
P. Dukas' The sorcerer's apprentice
Magic hoofbeats : fantastic horse tales
The art of storytelling : easy steps to presenting an unforgettable story
Roald Dahl's cookbook
Xulie duan wen yuedu = A Series of short Chinese readings. (2)
The reluctant countess
Provenance of cultural colour meanings : The Green Hat and other narratives from Sino-Finnish business encounters
The lollipop shoes
Roald Dahl's heroes and villains
Screwtop Thompson and other tales
Tuked Rini : life and legend in the heart of Borneo
Narrative is a pioneer concept in our trans-disciplinary age. For decades, it has been one of the most successful catchwords in literature, history, cultural studies, philosophy, and health studies. While the expansion of narrative studies has led to significant advances across a number of fields, the travels for the concept itself have been a somewhat more complex. Has the concept of narrative passed intact from literature to sociology, from structuralism to therapeutic practice or to the study of everyday storytelling? In this volume, philosophers, psychologists, literary theorists, sociolinguists, and sociologists use methodologically challenging test cases to scrutinize the types, transformations, and trajectories of the concept and theory of narrative. The book powerfully argues that narrative concepts are profoundly relevant in the understanding of life, experience, and literary texts. Nonetheless, it emphasizes the vast contextual differences and contradictions in the use of the concept.
The grownup : a story by the author of Gone Girl
Arabic Script among China's Muslims: A Dongxiang folk story
Legends of trolls and the Bible
The grownup
Cow people
Metrics for predicting user behavior and experience in an interactive storytelling system
The legend of Sleepy Hollow
Planning for the early years : storytelling and storymaking : how to plan learning opportunities that engage and interest children
The process of remembering with the Forgotten Australians : digital storytelling and marginalized groups
The fairy doll & other tales from the dolls' house
Earthtales : storytelling in times of change
Little black book of stories
Celtic fairy tales
Emotional display in argument, storytelling and teasing:a multimodal analysis
Haunted Isle of Sheppey
Tarinakuutiot : actions
Jumpstart! Storymaking : games and activities for ages 7-12
Sophie : dog overboard : the incredible true adventures of the castaway dog
EVERY PICTURE TELLS A STORY
Tiddler the fish is always telling tall tales about why he is late for school, but when he is actually caught in a net and taken far from home, it is his stories that help him find his way back. (Bookwhere)
Influencing perceived agency : a study into user experiences in digital interactive storytelling
Leo Tolstoy
Comickers Art 3 : write amazing manga stories. 3, Write amazing manga stories
Narratives on Chinese colour culture in business contexts : the Yin Yang Wu Xing of Chinese values
Organizational Storytelling, Ethics and Morality : How Stories Frame Limits of Behavior in Organizations
The marijuana chronicles
Storycomposing as a path to a child's inner world : a collaborative music therapy experiment with a child co-researcher
The silver dark sea
Last breathe : cautionary tales from the limits of human endurance
Clear blue tomorrows
Amazing fishing stories
The many facets of an inter-organisational information system project as perceived by the actors
Boy : tales of childhood
Free-range knitter : the yarn harlot writes again
Native American tales
Once upon a time in hell
Storytime yoga : teaching yoga to children through story
A load of balls : football's funny side
Narrative research : voices of teachers and philosophers
Shamanic journeys, shamanic stories
Hot Rock Mountain
A thick white blanket covers the wide slopes of the band of hills known as the Razorback Downs. Podkin One-Ear is a legend: a fearsome warrior rabbit whose reputation for cunning and triumph in battle has travelled the ages. When a travelling bard arrives at Thornwood Warren on Midwinter night, he is warmly welcomed. In return for food and lodging, he settles down to tell the tale of Podkin One-Ear - and soon the rabbits are enthralled to hear the story of how one lost little rabbit overcame the cruellest enemy imaginable, and became the greatest warrior their land has ever known.
Real-time hermeneutics : meaning-making in ludonarrative digital games
The storyteller
Earth Elder stories : the Pinayzitt path
In the future, the entire population is under a de facto dictatorship because of cerebral implants invented by one F.G. Wilson. Nolan Ska, an engineer, manages to travel back in time, with the intention of changing history by encouraging Wilson's first career: novelist. But the man who will eventually become a seemingly immortal despot turns out to be a poor writer, and it will be up to Nolan to use his own memories to be his ghost writer.
A kiss at midnight
Lumina - a fantasy story for young adults : a case study on designing a concept for an experience e-book
The user's journey : storymapping products that people love
Tales of Beedle the Bard
Vladimir Propp and the universal folktale : recommissioning an old paradigm - story as initiation
Hunters in the snow
Mouse guard : Legends of the guard. [Vol. 1]
The art of explanation : making your ideas, products, and services easier to understand
Tales for trainers : using stories and metaphors to facilitate learning
The fate of the artist : an autobiographical novel, with typographical anomalies, in which the author does not appear as himself
Training using drama : successful development techniques from theatre & improvisation
Tales from nowhere
