http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5 entertainment
entertainment
Mass entertainment
Business plan : Gigantti e-store concept
Interactive entertainment and women : an empirical approach related to attractiveness of game products and promotions to the female segment
Highland Spitfire
House and philosophy : everybody lies
A taste of honey
"On his thirty-fifth birthday, Jake St. Cloud inherits a fortune--and learns the whereabouts of his mysterious half-brother. On her deathbed, Selma St. Cloud revealed that Jake had a sibling, a product of his father's affair. At last, Jake is in a position to track down Alex Rosario and make amends for their father's past neglect. At least, that's the plan. When their initial meeting goes badly, a distraught Jake crashes his car and is sentenced to community work--with Alex as his parole officer. Jake must spend a year helping Angelica Dancer and her daughter, Fancy, at the Dancer Foundation for neglected children. Fancy, scarred within and without by the accident that ended her ballet career, is even less happy with the arrangement than Jake. Yet as they're thrown together, Jake, Alex, Angelica, and Fancy make unexpected connections. And as he unravels the painful truths of his past, Jake realizes that his mother's greatest gift to him lies not in his inheritance, but in the future, and the family, he's slowly piecing together" --
Heartless
3D television (3DTV) technology, systems, and deployment ; rolling out the infrastructure for next-generation entertainment
The Duke's disaster
Will Dorning, as an earl's spare, has accepted the thankless duty of managing his rambunctious younger siblings, though Will's only true companions are the dogs he's treasured since boyhood. When aristocratic London is plagued with a series of dognappings, Will's brothers are convinced that he's the only person who can save the stolen canines from an awful fate. Shy, bookish Lady Susannah Haddonfield has no patience with loud, smelly beasts of any species, but must appear to like dogs so as not to offend her sister's only marital prospect. Susannah turns to Will, an acquaintance from her most awkward adolescent years, to teach her how to impersonate a dog fancier.
Cultural studies and the study of popular culture
Measuring music artist success
20th century advertising
The scam : a Fox and O'Hare novel
The Asian mystique : dragon ladies, geisha girls & our fantasies of exotic orient
Switch
Sweeter with you
Media violence and its audience
Localization of mobile entertainment : who wants to be a millionaire
The taxation of international entertainers and athletes : all the world's a stage
The last days of disco
"There is no such thing as bad publicity, except in Midnight, Texas, where the residents like to keep to themselves. Even in a town full of secretive people, Olivia Charity is an enigma. She lives with the vampire Lemuel, but no one knows what she does; they only know that she's beautiful and dangerous. Psychic Manfred Bernardo finds out just how dangerous when he goes on a working weekend to Dallas and sees Olivia there with a couple who are both found dead the next day. To make matters worse, one of Manfred's regular and very wealthy clients dies during a reading. Manfred returns from Dallas embroiled in scandal and hounded by the press. He turns to Olivia for help; somehow he knows that the mysterious Olivia can get things back to normal. As normal as things get in Midnight"--
Republic Pictures Checklist: Features, Serials, Cartoons, Short Subjects and Training Films of Republic Pictures Corporation, 1935-1959
Throwing 'frags' in a classroom : a study on how Finnish adolescents learn English through video games
After shirking his title and great wealth, Will Masterson is hoping to wrap up his military years, spent fighting the French, until he meets fiercely loyal Athena Markham in the tiny mountain stronghold of San Gabriel.
The one we fell in love with
Peepshows : a visual history
No boyz allowed
innerworldaudio : sound, music, design
Will's true wish
To standardise or not to standardise?
The use of irony in music is just beginning to be defined and critiqued, although it has been used, implied and decried by composers, performers, listeners and critics for centuries. Irony in popular music is especially worthy of study because it is pervasive, even fundamental to the music, the business of making music and the politics of messaging. Contributors to this collection address a variety of musical ironies found in the 'notes themselves,' in the text or subtext, and through performance, reception and criticism. The chapters explore the linkages between irony and the comic, the tragic, the remembered, the forgotten, the co-opted, and the resistant. From the nineteenth to twenty-first centuries, through America, Europe and Asia, this provocative range of ironies course through issues of race, religion, class, the political left and right, country, punk, hip hop, folk, rock, easy listening, opera and the technologies that make possible our pop music experience. This interdisciplinary volume creates new methodologies and applies existing theories of irony to musical works that have made a cultural or political impact through the use of this most multifaceted of devices.
The Routledge companion to religion and popular culture
Truly madly guilty
Landline : a novel
Sister's choice
Pros and cons : a short story
Seduction of a highland lass
It takes a minx to tempt a rogue... Beautiful and feisty Henrietta Barrett has never followed the dictates of society. She manages her elderly guardian's estate, prefers to wear breeches rather than dresses, and answers to the unlikely name of Henry. But when her guardian passes away, her beloved home falls into the hands of a distant cousin. And it takes a rogue to tame her...William Dunford, London's most elusive bachelor, is stunned to learn that he's inherited property, a title... and a ward bent on making his first visit his last.
Desire me always
How to pursue a princess
Devouring cultures : perspectives on food, power, and identity from the Zombie Apocalypse to Downton Abbey
The last anniversary
Entertainment industry economics : a guide for financial analysis
Dancing at midnight
Banjo eyes : Eddie Cantor and the birth of modern stardom
Display of LCD-televisions in North American and Finnish household electronics retail stores
The magic of interactive entertainment
This is the sound of irony : music, politics and popular culture
Three wishes : a novel
Number freaking : the surreal sums behind everyday life
Suspecting that there is more to Lord John Blackwood, a wounded war hero, than meets the eye, independent Lady Arabella Blydon determines to heal his shattered spirit, but nothing is as terrifying to his tormented heart than Arabella. She's intoxicating, infuriating - and she makes him want to live again.
At home with entertainment : changing uses, places and meanings of digital entertainment in family leisure
Manufacturing leisure : innovations in happiness, well-being and fun
Make-believe media : the politics of entertainment
"A young woman with a once-in-a-generation palate becomes the iconic chef behind the country's most coveted dinner reservation"--
A right honorable gentleman
Rumors and gossip-- the lifeblood of London. When Olivia Bevelstoke is told that her new neighbor may have killed his fiancee, she doesn't believe it for a second, but, still, how can she help spying on him, just to be sure? So she stakes out a spot near her bedroom window, cleverly concealed by curtains, watches, and waits-- and discovers a most intriguing man, who is definitely up to something. Sir Harry Valentine works for the boring branch of the War Office, translating documents vital to national security. He's not a spy, but he's had all the training, and when a gorgeous blonde begins to watch him from her window, he is instantly suspicious. But just when he decides that she's nothing more than an annoyingly nosy debutante, he discovers that she might be engaged to a foreign prince, who might be plotting against England. And when Harry is roped into spying on Olivia, he discovers that he might be falling for her himself.
Silver linings : a Rose Harbor novel
What Alice forgot
"This volume addresses transnational production and consumption of media products such as cinema, television dramas, popular music, comics and animation in Japan, South Korea and China. Its multidisciplinary approaches include Cultural Studies, Gender Studies, Media Studies, and a content analysis of the popular discourse of otherness in the East Asian context. While suggesting the emergence of a shared East Asian popular consumer culture, it critically examines the proposition that such a shared popular culture can resolve tensions between nation-states, and highlights the appropriation of popular culture by nation-states in an attempt to exercise soft power"--P. [4] of cover.
The football business : the modern football classic
Nothing more
The story of three women whose friendship will change their lives forever.
New technology opens great prospects or entertainment systems
The honey trap
A kiss at midnight
A scot in the dark
Saturday night : a backstage history of Saturday night live. Doug Hill & Jeff Weingrand
Time was
An acceptance model for useful and fun information systems
The popular music and entertainment culture of Barbados : pathways to digital culture
All the things you are : the life of Tony Bennett
"FIRST IN A NEW TRILOGY   From Charlaine Harris, the bestselling author who created Sookie Stackhouse and her world of Bon Temps, Louisiana, comes a darker locale-populated by more strangers than friends. But then, that's how the locals prefer it.  Welcome to Midnight, Texas, a town with many boarded-up windows and few full-time inhabitants, located at the crossing of Witch Light Road and Davy Road. It's a pretty standard dried-up western town.  There's a pawnshop (someone lives in the basement and is seen only at night). There's a diner (people who are just passing through tend not to linger). And there's new resident Manfred Bernardo, who thinks he's found the perfect place to work in private (and who has secrets of his own).  Stop at the one traffic light in town, and everything looks normal. Stay awhile, and learn the truth... "--
On interruptions : an analysis of the American talk show Larry King live
After six unsuccessful Seasons, Miss Minerva Dodger chooses spinsterhood over fortune-hungry suitors. But thanks to the Nightingale Club, she can at least enjoy one night of pleasure. At that notorious establishment, ladies don masks before choosing a lover. The sinfully handsome Duke of Ashebury is more than willing to satisfy the secretive lady's desires - and draws Minerva into an exquisite, increasingly intimate affair.
Humor, entertainment, and popular culture during World War I
Sweet tomorrows : a Rose Harbor novel
Summary (s. 7-11).
The hero
Christmas in Mustang Creek
Now read on : a guide to contemporary popular fiction
The restaurant boats of Turku : a cruise in urban life
The discursive construction of authenticity : resources, scales and polycentricity in Finnish hip hop culture
The chance
The myth of media violence : a critical introduction
Special issue : aesthetics and popular culture
Special event production : the resources
Devouring Cultures brings together contributors from a wide range of disciplines including media studies, rhetoric, gender studies, philosophy, anthropology, literary criticism, film criticism, race theory, history, and linguistics to examine the ways food signifies both culture and identity. These scholars look for answers to intriguing questions: What does our choice of dining house say about our social class? Can restaurants teach us about a culture? How does food operate in Downton Abbey? How does food consumption in zombie apocalypse films and apocalyptic literature relate to contemporary food-chain crises and food nostalgia? What aspects of racial conflict, assimilation, and empowerment may be represented in restaurant culture and food choice? Restaurants, from their historical development to their modern role as surrogate kitchen, are studied as markers of gender, race, and social class, and also as forums for the exhibition of tensions or spaces where culture is learned through the language of food. Food, as it is portrayed in literature, movies, and television, is illuminated as a platform for cultural assimilation, a way for the oppressed to find agency, or even a marker for the end of a civilization. The essays in Devouring Cultures--despite having a rich mix of approaches--are united by each writer's deep exploration of how our choices about what we eat, where we eat, and with whom we eat are linked to identity and meaning.
England is mine : pop life in Albion from Wilde to Goldie
Sports and entertainment marketing
Introduction to casino and gaming operations
Marketing the Arts and Entertainment : Success Strategies in the Profit and Not For Profit World
Gender-specific features of male/female interaction in a popular romantic novel by Barbara Cartland
Phoenix : the fall & rise of videogames
And the show went on : cultural life in Nazi-occupied Paris
When beauty tamed the beast
In bed with a highlander
The extreme duudsons the pain is momentary, the video eternal
Sustaining the Hallyu : International Social Media Promotion and Buzz for South Korean Movies and Series
Museums in FC : archaeology, art, ethnography, natural science, entertainment, history, house museums
High culture, popular culture : the long debate
A lowcountry wedding
Misreading masculinity : boys, literacy, and popular culture
The international film business : a market guide beyond Hollywood
Few Westerners escape the images, expectations and misperceptions that lead us to see Asia as exotic, sensual, decadent, dangerous, and mysterious. Despite - and because of - centuries of East-West interaction, the stereotypes of Western literature, stage, and screen remain pervasive icons: the tea-pouring, submissive, sexually available geisha girl; the steely cold dragon lady dominatrix; as well as the portrayal of the Asian male as effeminate and asexual. These "Oriental" illusions color our relations and relationships in ways even well-respected professional "Asia hands" and scholars don't necessarily see. The Asian Mystique lays out a provocative challenge to see Asia and Asians as they really are, with unclouded, deeroticized eyes. It traces the origins of Western stereotypes in history and in Hollywood, examines the phenomenon of 'yellow fever,' then goes on a reality tour of Asia's go-go bars, middle-class homes, college campuses, business districts, and corridors of power, providing intimate profiles of women's lives and vivid portraits of the human side of an Asia we usually mythologize too well to really understand. It strips away our misconceptions and stereotypes, revealing instead the fully dimensional human beings beyond our usual perceptions. The Asian Mystique is required reading for anyone with interest in or interaction with Asia or Asian-origin people, as well as any serious student or practicioner of East-West relations.
The chocolate heart
The economics of real superstars : the market for rock concerts in the material world
Gone with the wind
Bollywood : a history
The one & only : a novel
The 100 greatest entertainers 1950-2000
The pedagogy of pop : theoretical and practical strategies for success
Cinema entertainment : essays on audiences, films and film-makers
Fancy dancer
Following on from The Entertainment Industry: An Introduction, this book takes the next step in the development of entertainment as a practice and as an academic subject. Aimed at higher level undergraduates, the book discusses best practices in the entertainment industry, reflecting the knowledge students will need for entertainment management.
Financing sport
inner/WORLD/AUDIO : sound, music, design
The hating game
Writing humor : giving a comedic touch to all forms of writing
Under the knife
The out-of-home immersive entertainment frontier : expanding interactive boundaries in leisure facilities
Spreading misandry : the teaching of contempt for men in popular culture
The newcomer
The rights of animals
Captivated
What video & TV : Helsinki
On the determinants of retail margins in Finland : some cross-section evidence
Media entertainment : the psychology of its appeal
Only entertainment
Falling into bed with a duke
Highlander most wanted
Shanghai love : courtesans, intellectuals, and entertainment culture, 1850-1910
Contract and control in the entertainment industry : dancing on the edge of heaven
Deciphering violence : the cognitive structure of right and wrong
Trendspotting : think forward, get ahead, and cash in on the future
Entertainment management : towards best practice
The inheritance
Throughout this penetrating and unsettling account, Riding keeps alive the quandaries facing many of these artists. Were they "saving" French culture by working? Were they betraying France if they performed before German soldiers or made movies with Nazi approval? Was it the intellectual's duty to take up arms against the occupier? Then, after Paris was liberated, what was deserving punishment for artists who had committed "intelligence with the enemy"? By throwing light on this critical moment of twentieth-century European cultural history, And the Show Went On focuses anew on whether artists and writers have a special duty to show moral leadership in moments of national trauma.
Group sales for arts and entertainment : the myths, the markets, the methods
"We'll meet again" : songs & music that inspired courage during wartime
Beginning iPhone development : exploring the iPhone SDK
Sex, drugs, and cocoa puffs : a low culture manifesto
Performing fantasy and reality
A vintage wedding
What happens in London
"Set in Cedar Cove's charming Rose Harbor Inn, Debbie Macomber's captivating new novel follows innkeeper Jo Marie and two new guests as they seek healing and comfort, revealing that every cloud has a silver lining, even when it seems difficult to find.  Since opening the Rose Harbor Inn, Jo Marie Rose has grown close to her handyman, Mark Taylor. Jo Marie and Mark are good friends--and are becoming something more--yet he still won't reveal anything about his past. When Mark tells her that he's moving out of town, Jo Marie is baffled. Just when she is starting to open herself up again to love, she feels once more that she is losing the man she cares about. And as she discovers the secret behind Mark's decision to leave, she welcomes two visitors also seeking their own answers.  Best friends Kellie Crenshaw and Katie Gilroy have returned to Cedar Cove for their ten-year high school reunion, looking to face down old hurts and find a sense of closure. Kellie, known as Coco, wants to finally confront the boy who callously broke her heart. Katie, however, wishes to reconnect with her old boyfriend, James--the man she still loves and the one who got away. As Katie hopes for a second chance, Coco discovers that people can change--and both look to the exciting possibilities ahead.  Heartwarming and uplifting, Silver Linings is a beautiful novel of letting go of the past and embracing the unexpected"--
Three discourses on politics and the popular media : towards a realistic model
Words at war : World War II era radio drama and the postwar broadcasting industry blacklist
Genevieve McInnis is locked behind the fortified walls of McHugh Keep, captive of a cruel laird who takes great pleasure in ruining her for any other man. Yet when Bowen Montgomery storms the gates on a mission of clan warfare, Genevieve finds that her spirit is bent but not broken. Unable to bear the shame of returning to a family that believes her dead or to abandon others at the keep to an imposing new laird, Genevieve opts for the peaceful life of an abbess. But Bowen's rugged sensuality stirs something deep inside her that longs to be awakened by his patient, gentle caress--something warm, wicked, and tempting.
Murders and acquisitions : representations of the serial killer in popular culture
Amusing ourselves to death : public discourse in the age of show business
"Religion and popular culture is a fast-growing field that spans a variety of disciplines. This volume offers the first real survey of the field to date and provides a guide for the work of future scholars. It explores: key issues of definition and of methodology religious encounters with popular culture across media, material culture and space, ranging from videogames and social networks to cooking and kitsch, architecture and national monuments the representation of different religious traditions within the media and popular culture, mainly in the West but also including important non-western spheres such as Bollywood. Students will find the Companion an enjoyable and informative resource, whilst scholars will find it a stimulus to future work in the field"--
Communication technology update and fundamentals
Popular culture and high culture; an analysis and evaluation of taste
Popular culture : production and consumption
True crime : observations on violence and modernity
Night shift
Cast in flight
Once a soldier
The Walt Disney biography
Media unlimited : how the torrent of images and sounds overwhelms our lives
The chocolate thief
Three sisters
Spas, Wells, and Pleasure Gardens of London
MARKETING COMMUNICATION STRATEGY IN CHINA : Case: Rovio Entertainment. Ltd
Heroes are my weakness : a novel
Entertainment and society : influences, impacts, and innovations
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
Kitchens of the great Midwest
Playing to wiin : Nintendo and the videogame industry's greatest comeback
"Do you remember the idea of like being like just I don't know who you are" : the discursive construction of M.I.A's alternative artist identity on QTV interview and its authentication in YouTube commentary
Popular culture and high culture : an analysis and evaluation of taste
A good catch
Emergence of the Korean popular culture in the world
Midnight crossroad
The TICSP Workshop on Ambient Multimedia and Home Entertainment at the EuroITV 2006 : proceedings of the TICSP Workshop on Ambient Multimedia and Home Entertainment at the EuroITV 2006, Athens, Greece, May 25, 2006
Complicated currents : media flows, soft power and East Asia
Tourism and leisure : towards the millennium. Volume 2, Tourism and leisure - perspectives on provision
When one size really does not fit all
Method of measuring the ergonomic characteristics of electronic products for domestic use
Charmed
War songs : Home organist library volume 21.
"The 'serial killer' has become increasingly prevalent in popular culture since the term was coined by Robert Ressler at the FBI in the mid-1970s. Murders and Acqusitions explores the social and political implications of this cultural figure. The collection argues that the often blood-chilling representations of the serial killer and serial killing offered in TV series, films, novels and fan productions function to address contemporary concerns and preoccupations. Focusing on well-known popular culture texts, such as The Wire, Kiss the Girls, Monster, the Saw series, American Psycho, The Strangers, CSI and Dexter, this electic anthology engages with a broad spectrum of cultural theory and performs critical textual analysis to examine the sophisticated ways the serial killer is deployed to mediate and/or work through cultural anxieties and fears"--
Digital dreams : the work of the Sony Design Center
Entertaining the Third Reich : illusions of wholeness in Nazi cinema
The duke is mine
All fall down : a novel
Sexplosion : from Andy Warhol to A clockwork orange - how a generation of pop rebels broke all the taboos
The silent sister : a novel
Global entertainment media : a critical introduction
Today's competition in consumer electronic market is fierce. Companies that have been operating for several years are closing their shops at the same time as the biggest players are increasing their sales each year. Gigantti has been the market leader for many years but there is a threat of new competitors arriving to Finland to really challenge Gigantti's position as number one. Customers have more options from which to choose. The growth of online shopping has made it easy for consumers to compare prices and products but at the same time it is difficult for companies to hold on from these customers. The purpose of this thesis is to analyze the current market situation and figure out how Gigantti could ensure and increase its market share. Starting point was to create a new way of doing business and to offer an alternative way of shopping for the customers. The basis in the idea of the concept is to use the existing strengths of Gigantti. Idea is to combine the best from both – online and offline shopping. Theoretical framework was gathered from different sources. Literature and articles where been used to create differentiation strategy. Employee questionnaire was executed in order to receive valuable information about customer behavior of modern consumers. Personal interviews were also made to get insight of the current operations and fu-ture plans of Gigantti. Main findings indicate that Gigantti has a strong position in the market and is doing well with their multichannel thinking. However, there are still potential market areas to be conquered. Business plan section explains how e-store concept could work. It also offers a complete guidebook about what should be taken in to a consideration when starting up the first e-store.
Journalism and popular culture
Travel and entertainment best practices
What's next for entertainment
Bono estente! : an analysis of the mechanisms of humour in The Fast Show
Russian popular culture : entertainment and society since 1900
30 Years of WrestleMania
The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm.
One with you
The widow's auction : a novella
All the single ladies : a novel
Remaking the movies : digital content and the evolution of the film and video industries
The summer girls
A year at the star and sixpence
Writing television sitcoms
Sports and entertainment marketing, 4E, continues to use sports and entertainment topics as the foundation for teaching marketing concepts. Each marketing function is incorporated throughout the text and is highlighted with an icon to indicate how it is used in the marketing process.
On the inside track to Loserville, USA : strategies used in translating humour in two Finnish versions of Reality bites
Canadian fantasy and science-fiction writers
The girls of Mischief bay
Afternoon tea at the Sunflower Cafe
"The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm"--
Enchanted
Philosophy and the interpretation of pop culture
Humphrey Wescott, Earl of Riverdale, has died, leaving behind a fortune and a scandalous secret that will forever alter the lives of everyone in his family--including the daughter no one knew he had.... Anna Snow grew up in an orphanage in Bath, knowing nothing of the family she came from. Now she discovers that the late Earl of Riverdale was her father and that she has inherited his fortune. She is also overjoyed to learn she has siblings. However, they want nothing to do with her or her attempts to share her new wealth. But the new earl's guardian is interested in Anna....Avery Archer, Duke of Netherby, keeps others at a distance. Yet something prompts him to aid Anna in her transition from orphan to lady. As London society and Anna's newfound relatives threaten to overwhelm her, Avery steps in to rescue her and finds himself vulnerable to feelings and desires he has hidden so well for so long.
After going through a time gateway, Caleb Hornblower is stuck in the present. He needs to find a way to return to the future, but after falling in love with Liberty Stone, Caleb isn't sure he can leave the past behind.
