http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5008 thermology
thermology
Handbook of temperature measurement. Vol. 1, Temperature and humidity measurement
Applied research in hydraulics and heat flow
Physics for scientists and engineers
Experimental physics at low temperatures : an introductory survey
Applied thermodynamics for engineering technologists
Basic engineering thermodynamics
Thermodynamics : an introductory text for engineering students
J-vector theory for simulation of rectilinear crack growth
Modern thermodynamics : based on the extended Carnot theorem
Melting and sintering of ashes
Thermodynamics and thermochemistry : plenary lectures presented at the Symposium on Thermodynamics and Thermochemistry held in Lund, Sweden, 18-23 July, 1963 = La thermodynamique et la thermochimie
Mechanical engineering principles
Heat Conduction : Fourth Edition
Reconstructing the science of heat for better teaching and learning
Modern thermodynamics : from heat engines to dissipative structures
Proceedings of the 8th ERCOFTAC/IAHR/COST Workshop on Refined Turbulence Modelling
An introduction to statistical thermodynamics
Equilibrium thermodynamics for engineers and scientists
Thermodynamics
Mechanics, heat and sound
Constitutive equations for solder metals
Engineering thermodynamics with worked examples
Macroscopic thermodynamics : with engineering applications
Open investigation as a teaching method : a case study of teaching heat transfer
Thermodynamics of biological processes
Fundamentals of physics
Fundamental university physics. Volume 1, Mechanics and thermodynamics
Selected heat conduction problems in thermomechanical treatment of steel
Terrestrial heat flow
Heat conduction
Dynamic model of a small once-through boiler
Low-temperature X-ray diffraction : apparatus and techniques
Environmental control principles : a textbook supplement to the ASHRAE handbook 1985 fundamentals volume
Introduction to theoretical physics. 5, Theory of heat
Thermal separation technology : principles, methods, process design
Fundamentals of classical thermodynamics
Heat Conduction & Heat Pump Technologies
Physics
The dynamics of heat
Mother nature's two laws : ringmasters for circus earth
Statistical physics
AN INTRODUCTION TO THERMAL PHYSICS
Introduction to bioenergetics: : thermodynamics for the biologist
Simulation of solidification and calculation of thermophysical properties in binary fcc copper alloys
Small-size dilution cryostat for rapid cooling
Low temperature physics : four lectures
Chemical thermodynamics : with examples for nonequilibrium processes
An introduction to thermodynamics, the kinetic theory of gases, and statistical mechanics
Factorization of the Helmholtz determinant operator for anisotropic media
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of beginning physics. 1, Mechanics and heat
Thermodynamics : an engineering approach
Handbook of temperature measurement. Vol. 3, Theory and practice of thermoelectric thermometry
General thermodynamics
Fundamentals of thermal-fluid sciences
Theoretical and computational investigations of magnetic ordering
Basic chemical thermodynamics
The engineering handbook
Finite element analysis : thermomechanics of solids
Heat and thermodynamics : an intermediate textbook
Molecular thermodynamics
Engineering chemistry
Experiments in heat transfer and thermodynamics
Heat and thermodynamics : an intermediate textbook for students of physics, chemistry, and engineering
Equilibrium thermodynamics
An introduction to thermal physics
Investigations of solid-liquid interfaces in helium at ultralow temperatures
Chemical thermodynamics : basic theory and methods
Adaptation of FINFLO for real gases
Physics : curiosities, oddities, and novelties
From microphysics to macrophysics : methods and applications of statistical physics. Volume 1.
Chemical thermodynamics at a glance
Inverse heat conduction : ill-posed problems
Dictionary of heat exchanger technology : English-German, German-English = Wörterbuch der Wärmeaustauschertechnik
Phase equilibria phase diagrams and phase transformations : their thermodynamic basis
Meshing procedure development for component models in electronics thermal simulation
Thermal physics
Fundamentals of mechanics and heat
Solving problems in applied thermodynamics and energy conversion
Thermodynamic evaluation of the Cu-Li-Mg and Cu-Mg-Zr systems
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of thermodynamics for engineers
Principles of combustion
Mechanics, wave motion, and heat
Entropy : the devil on the pillion : a popular exposition
Numerical study of turbulent heat transfer from confined impinging jets using a pseudo-compressibility method
Combustion theory : the fundamental theory of chemically reacting flow systems
Heat and water transfer for lacquer drying and thermal signatures : modelling, simulation and experiment
From microphysics to macrophysics. Vol. 2, methods and applications of statistical physics
Fundamentals of statistical thermodynamics
Principles of chemical thermodynamics
Computational tools allow material scientists to model and analyze increasingly complicated systems to appreciate material behavior. Accurate use and interpretation however, requires a strong understanding of the thermodynamic principles that underpin phase equilibrium, transformation and state. This fully revised and updated edition covers the fundamentals of thermodynamics, with a view to modern computer applications. The theoretical basis of chemical equilibria and chemical changes is covered with an emphasis on the properties of phase diagrams. Starting with the basic principles, discussion moves to systems involving multiple phases. New chapters cover irreversible thermodynamics, extremum principles, and the thermodynamics of surfaces and interfaces. Theoretical descriptions of equilibrium conditions, the state of systems at equilibrium and the changes as equilibrium is reached, are all demonstrated graphically. With illustrative examples - many computer calculated - and worked examples, this textbook is an valuable resource for advanced undergraduates and graduate students in materials science and engineering.
Physics for scientists & engineers
Combined electrical and thermal circuit simulation using APLAC. Part 100, Thermal spreading impedance models
On the energetics of coupled transport processes : a theoretical and experimental irreversible thermodynamic investigation
The essence of engineering thermodynamics
Thermocouple temperature measurement
"Combustion involves change in the chemical state of a substance from a fuel-state to a product-state via chemical reaction accompanied by release of heat energy. Design or performance evaluation of equipment also requires knowledge of the RATE of change of state. This rate is governed by the laws of thermodynamics and by the empirical sciences of heat and mass transfer, chemical kinetics and fluid dynamics. Theoretical treatment of combustion requires integrated knowledge of these subjects and strong mathematical and numerical skills.ANALYTIC COMBUSTION is written for advanced undergraduates, graduate students and professionals in mechanical, aeronautical, and chemical engineering. Topics were carefully selected and presented to facilitate learning with emphasis on effective mathematical formulations and solution strategies. The book features over 60 solved numerical problems and analytical derivations and nearly 145 endof- chapter exercise problems. The presentation is gradual starting from Thermodynamics of Pure and Mixture substances, Chemical Equilibrium, building to a uniquely strong chapter on Application Case-Studies"--
Phase equilibria, phase diagrams and phase transformations : their thermodynamic basis
Partial miscibility, microstructure and enthalpies of aqueous non-ionic surfactant systems
Thermodynamics and chemistry
An experimental investigation on the superfluidity of [sup 3]He
Thermomechanics of a gradient theory
Fundamentals of mechanical engineering : thermodynamics, mechanics and strength of materials
Numerical simulation of the flow in the NASA low-speed centrifugal compressor
Fundamentals of classical thermodynamics : SI version
Experimental low-temperature physics
Atmospheres
Performance characteristics of thermal cycles and energy conversion systems
Fundamentals of engineering thermodynamics
An Introduction to equilibrium thermodynamics
Convection heat transfer
Thermodynamics, kinetic theory, and statistical thermodynamics
Thermophysical properties of polymers
Improved solid-wall boundary treatment in low-Reynolds number turbulence models
Complex thermodynamic systems
Thermal control and radiation : technical papers selected from the AIAA 10th Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 1972, and the AIAA 7th Thermophysics Conference, April 1972, subsequently revised for this volume
The CRC handbook of thermal engineering
Physical chemistry
Some boundary element methods for heat conduction problems
Mineral equilibria and databases : meeting of the mineral equilibria working group of the International Mineralogical Association (IMA) in Espoo, Finland, August 19-20, 1997 : abstracts
Thermometry below 1 K
Infrared physics & technology
Solutions manual to accompany heat transfer
Renormalization group
The aim of this Master’s study was to find out the critical point from a meshing point of view where simplificated model temperatures will start deviating compared to a detailed model with a dense mesh. The CFD simulation software is a good tool to reduce design cycles and prototypes. It can provide very accurate results when the inputs are reliable. The software can provide very poor results if the model, boundary conditions, or solution parameters are not represented properly. To adequately use the software, the user must become familiar with the built in functions and their limits of applicability. This also suits for a currently used software solving method where the user has to know the right ways of meshing for particular areas of interest. The user must also have a complete understanding of a thermal theory so he/she can judge when a calculated result is error based on an error in your input. The work included finding a suitable test component model for the study, building used simulation models and environment. A simple mechanical structure was modeled for emulating a hand-held device environment for a component. The original detailed thermal model of the component was simplified for the meshing study purpose. To get results, several steady-state thermal simulations were run. The results show a significant drop in solution time when using a simplified component with a coarse mesh. Component surface temperatures were fluctuating quite heavily between different mesh counts, but an ideal ratio was found as a result of this work. It needs to be noted that the simplified models are not always applicable; when component junction temperatures are of interest, the highly simplified nature of the simple component model cannot predict the said temperatures and the us-age of detailed component models is advised.
The thermodynamics problem solver
Nuclear magnetic resonance techniques in the measurement of superfluid 3He vortices
An investigation of coherent structures in a turbulent boundary layer and influence of suction or injection
Introduction to chemical thermodynamics
Fundamentals of Physics : Mechanics, Relativity, and Thermodynamics
Fundamentals of thermodynamics
Analytic combustion : with thermodynamics, chemical kinetics and mass transfer
Microphysics of clouds and precipitation
Statistical mechanics of phases, interfaces, and thin films
Electricity and thermal physics
