http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5006 Mosaic (computer programmes)
Mosaic (computer programmes)
The mosaics of Jordan
Mosaics of Zeugma
Greece : Byzantine mosaics
Made in God's image? : Eve and Adam in the Genesis Mosaics at San Marco, Venice
A beginner's guide to mosaic
Old Russian murals & mosaics : from the XI to the XVI century
Roman mosaics of Britain
The Vertical mosaic revisited
The mosaic book : ideas, projects, and techniques
Mosaic art and style : designs for living environments
Mosaics : home decorating with mosaic
Mosaic art : design and inspiration
"The late Roman villa of Caddeddi, near Noto in south-east Sicily, first came to light over forty years ago. Built in the second half of the fourth century AD, it is chiefly known for its three figured mosaic pavements, which after careful restoration in Syracuse were returned to the site prior to its opening to the public in 2008. This book describes in details these an other pavements at Caddeddi, and concludes that, as at the more famous villa of Casale near Piazza Armerina a generation before, they are like to be the work of North African mosaicists fulfilling an overseas commission for the villa's owner."
Mosaics of faith : floors of Pagans, Jews, Samaritans, Christians, and Muslims in the Holy Land
Corpus of Byzantine church mosaic pavements from Israel and the Palestinian territories
Beyond the basics : mosaics
Corpus of the mosaics of Turkey
Garden mosaics : 25 step-by-step for your outdoor room
The vertical mosaic revisited
Mosaic today : create contemporary projects using new and recycled material
Mosaics as history : the Near East from late antiquity to Islam
Pebble mosaics : 25 original step-by-step projects for the home and garden
Guide to the Paphos mosaics
Roman mosaics in Hungary
This study was conducted to determine the genetic relationships among 21 accessions of cassava (Manihot esculenta), with varying levels of resistance to cassava mosaic disease (CMD), based on their phenotypic response to the disease. The accessions were ranked according to their area under the disease progress curve (AUDPC). Hierarchical cluster analysis based on Ward's linkage method separated the accessions into three major groups and the susceptible clones were distinct from the resistant accessions. Further analysis using K-means defined four groups which were similar to the groupings by the hierarchical method, but the susceptible landrace TME 117 was distinct from the other susceptible accessions. Principal component analysis showed that there was considerable amount of variation and the first three components accounted for 78.87% of the total variation in the accessions. A scatter-plot of the scores of the first and second principal components for responses to CMD showed that, generally, the resistant accessions were different from the susceptible accessions and the most susceptible landrace TME 117 formed a single member group distinct from the other susceptible groups. The large amount of variation implies that using any combination of resistant accessions to recombine different favorable alleles will not reduce the overall diversity of the breeding population.
Fused glass mosaics : master glass techniques with Martin Cheek
The Alexander mosaic : stories of victory and defeat
The complete book of mosaics : techniques and instructions for over 25 beautiful home accents
The technique of mosaic
The aim of the study was to investigate the chemical composition and pasting properties of 43 cassava mosaic desease (CMD) resistant clones  planted at different locations (Ibadan, Onne and Mokwa) in Nigeria under rainfed conditions in 2003 and 2004. Ranges of chemical contents (%)  were for amylose 19.50-30.20, sugar 0.77-3.67, starch 66.20-88.90, protein 0.41-1.0 and ash 0.03-0.36 across clones for 2003. In 2004, the results  were as follows: amylose 15.26-21.68, sugar 3.62-5.63, starch 60.64-71.62, protein 1.51-4.48 and ash 1.27-2.81%. The peak viscosity ranged  between 289.09 and 490.96 RVU in 2003 and from 83.83 to 339.54 RVU in 2004. Hot paste viscosity ranged between 105.85 and 177.90 RVU in  2003 and from -10.38 to 145.20 RVU in 2004. Breakdown viscosity obtained in 2003 was considerably higher than that recorded in 2004. The  setback viscosity ranged from 32.14 to 76.75 RVU in 2003 and from 11.71 to 51.11 RVU in 2004. The variations due to interactions between clone  and agro-environment (clone × location) were significant (P<0.05) for chemical composition and pasting properties, except protein and pasting  temperature in 2004. Also, a significant correlation (P<0.05) was obtained between all the chemical components measured and pasting properties.  However, further work is needed to really determine quantitatively how the pasting profile of the cassava clones determines their food uses.
Materials for the study of the mosaics of St. Sophia at Istanbul
The complete pebble mosaic handbook
Mosaic workshop
The Atrium of San Marco in Venice : the genesis and medieval reality of the genesis mosaics = Das Atrium von San Marco in Venedig : die Genese der Genesismosaiken und ihre mittelalterliche Wirklichkeit
Mosaic masterpieces in needlework and handicraft based on motifs from the Holy Land
Roman mosaics of Britain. 2, South-West Britain
Fifth Conference of the International Committee for the Conservation of Mosaics : Proceedings Conimbriga 1994 ACTAS
Saints and spectacle : Byzantine mosaics in their cultural setting
Roman mosaics of Britain. 4. Western Britain
Israeli mosaics of the Byzantine period
The new mosaics : 40 projects to make with glass, metal, paper, beans, buttons, felt, found objects & more
Chemical composition and pasting properties of CMD resistant cassava clones planted at different locations
Lessons learned : reflecting on the theory and practice of mosaic conservation : proceedings of the 9th ICCM Conference, Hammamet, Tunisia, November 29-December 3, 2005
Mosaic : the work of the muses : a short survey
Tile-mosaics of the Lahore Fort
The mosaics and frescoes of St. Mary Pammakaristos (Fethiye camii) at Istanbul
Found art mosaics
Encyclopedia of mosaic
Marvelous mosaics for home & garden
Mosaics inside and out : patterns and inspiration for 17 mosaic projects
Making mosaics : designs, techniques & projects
Domestic and divine : Roman mosaics in the house of Dionysos
The splendors of Byzantium
The world wide web : unleashed
50 mosaic murals : projects and step-by-step techniques for decorating kitchens, living areas, bedrooms, bathrooms and nurseries
Roman mosaics of Britain. 3. South-East Britain
The Kariye Djami
Cyprus : Byzantine mosaics and frescoes
Earth and ocean : the terrestrial world in early Byzantine art
Ptolemaic paintings and mosaics and the Alexandrian style
The mosaics of Aphrodisias in Caria
Genetic relationships among improved cassava accessions and landraces for resistance to the cassava mosaic disease
Mosaics made easy
The Mosaic Corpus of Turkey places Turkey among the countries of the Mediterranean world and western Europe publishing systematically the mosaic wealth in their own lands. The project followed the serious models of Recueil general des mosaìques de la Gaule and Mosaici antichi in Italia. The corpus project was initiated at a meeting of mosaic experts from six countries led by M. Sahin and D. Parrish and held at American Research Institute in Turkey, Istanbul, in 2004.
Mosaics for the first time
The mosaics of Hagia Sophia at Istanbul : the portrait of the emperor Alexander : a report on work done in 1959 and 1960
Using Mosaic for Windows
Aion in Mérida und Aphrodisias
Tunisian mosaics : treasures from Roman Africa
Roman mosaics of Britain. 1, Northern Britain incorporating the Midlands and East Anglia
The houses of Roman Italy 100 B.C.-A.D. 250 : ritual, space, and decoration
The conservation of the Orpheus mosaic at Paphos, Cyprus
Belkis/Zeugma and its mosaics
Modern mosaic : inspiration from the 20th century
Ateliers and artisans in Roman art and archaeology
Caddeddi on the Tellaro : a late Roman villa in Sicily and its mosaics
The Roman villa in Britain
Roman black-and-white figural mosaics
Creating mosaics
Designs in miniature : the story of mosaic glass
Inscriptions of Old Testament prophecies in Byzantine churches : a catalogue
Mosaics : inspirations and 24 original projects
