http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5004 demographic changes
demographic changes
Demography report
An America challenged : population change and the future of the United States
Population, resources and the environment : the critical challenges
A simplified model of spatio-temporal population dynamics : by Tönu Puu
Abstract.
Planning for population change
During the 1990s most municipalities and rural areas in northern Sweden have experienced renewed depopulation. At the same time, many regional centres (mainly university cities), but also some rural areas, have shown significant population growth. This article focuses on the latter rural areas and describes their geographical location and the socio-demographic characteristics of their populations. Three types of rural areas with population growth have been identified. Firstly, there are the rural areas within daily commuting distance from regional centres. Secondly, there is a group of rural areas that has benefited from the tourist industry. Most of these tourist resorts are mountain villages close to the border with Norway. Finally, there are also a few rural areas characterised by attractive residential environments and leisure housing.
Deaths
The causes of demographic change : experimental research in South India
Population estimates : methods for small area analysis
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 44 : special Issue of the 16th Nordic Demographic Symposium in Helsinki, 5-7 June, 2008
Demographic transition and socio-economic development in Finland 1871-1978 : a multivariate analysis
Synthesis report on demographic behaviour, existing population related policies and expectations men and women have corcerning the state
Ageing and economic performance : dilemmas and dichotomies
Traditional reproduction of the population in Estonia in the 17th and 18th centuries
Population in Finland : past, present, future
World population at the turn of the century
Regional demographic development in Southwest Skåne
The biological and social determinants of the demographic transition
Deconcentration versus spatial clustering: changing population distribution in the Turku urban region, 1980-2005
Local citizenship in recent countries of immigration : Japan in comparative perspective
Poverty, inequality and the Finnish 1860s famine
Finnish yearbook of population research 43, 2007-2008
Population bulletin of ESCWA
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Families in Japan : changes, continuities, and regional variations
YEARBOOK OF POPULATION RESEARCH IN FINLAND 30
The geography of aging : preparing communities for the surge in seniors
Comparative perspectives on rural development and policy challenges in Sogn og Fjordane
Culture and reproduction : an anthropological critique of demographic transition theory
World population projections to 2150
Convergence clubs in cross-country life expectancy dynamics
The demographic revolution
Population change in Europe, the Middle-East and North Africa : beyond the demographic divide
Change in cognitive performance and its predictors in general population and schizophrenia in early midlife:the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966 Study
Troubling demographic trends in the Baltic Sea Region
Development of settlement in some rural communes in Western Finland since 1920.
People, population change and policies : lessons form the population policy acceptance study. Vol. 1, Family change
Population structures and models : developments in spatial demography
Bulletin on vital statistics in the ESCWA region
Population growth, resource consumption, and the environment : seeking a common vision for a troubled world
Population : demography and policy
Prehistoric migrations in Europe
The onset of fertility transition in Ghana
The future of Europe's population
Global migration : old assumptions, new dynamics. Vol. 1
Te Iwi Maori : a New Zealand population : past, present & projected
Recent demographic developments in the member states of the Council of Europe
Finnish yearbook of population research. 47, 2012
Implications of demographic ageing in the enlarged EU in the domains of quality of life, health promotion and health care : final report
The impact of demographic change in Kokkola region
The Earthscan reader in population and development
The Huguenot population of France, 1600-1685 : the demographic fate and customs of a religious minority
The economic history of world population
Analysing population trends : differential fertility in a pluralistic society
The Motivations of Catering Companies to Deliver Food to Elderly People
L'évolution démographique de 1965 à 1980 : supplement : rapport par pays : réponses des pays au questionnaire ayant servi de base à l'enquête = Demographic trends 1965-1980 : supplement : country reports : replies received from countries to the questionnaire which served as the base of the enquiry
The population of the Caucasus
Population pressure and natural resource management : key issues and possible actions
Comparative archaeology and paleoclimatology : socio-cultural responses to a changing world
Territoriality, place and space
Economic and demographic change in Africa
Towards smaller families in the changing society : fertility transition during the first phase of industrialization in three Finnish municipalities
The East Finnic minorities in the Soviet Union : an appraisal of the erosive trends
International handbook on ageing and public policy
World demographic estimates and projections, 1950-2025
Population aging and the generational economy : a global perspective
Human fertility in Russia since the nineteenth century
Implications of demographic change for vocational education and training in the EU
Population change in North-Western Europe, 1750-1850
Demographic change and tourism
Population and development in Finland : reply of Finland to the UN second inquiry on population and development
Saving the planet with pesticides and plastics : the environmental triumph of high-yield farming
The politics of development : an introduction to global issues
Economics and demography
Georeferenced data as a tool for monitoring the concentration of population in Finland in 1970-1998
Many urban regions in developed countries have experienced major changes during the past few decades. The deconcentration trend of urban regions has been accompanied with new processes where traditional monocentric cities have been replaced by increasingly polycentric urban constellations. This study seeks to present evidence on how Finnish urban regions have developed in recent decades using the Turku urban region as an example. The results show that the Turku urban region has indeed become more polycentric when population distribution is considered. Global socio-demographic trends, the housing careers of young families and municipal planning policies were found to affect the changing population distribution. The paper is concluded by highlighting the importance of scale in the development of Finnish urban regions. The fundamental factor in urban regional dynamics seems to be a conflict in scale, in which demographic processes influence the urban spatial structure on the regional scale whereas planning practices have predominantly effects on the municipal scale.
Who move to depressed regions? : An analysis of Migration Streams in Finland in the 1990s
Theater and cultural politics for a new world : an anthology
Concentration and deconcentration of Finnish population by age groups in 1975-1995
Water scarcity and food security along the Nile : politics, population increase and climate change
Demographic change in Sub-Saharan Africa : panel on the population dynamics of Sub-Saharan Africa
Global migration : old assumptions, new dynamics. Vol. 3
Six billion plus : world population in the twenty-first century
The African diaspora : slavery, modernity, and globalization
Recent demographic developments in Europe
Dynamics of the world population
The fear of population decline
The political economy of pensions : political support and scope for reform
The global water crisis : a reference handbook
Population projection
The demographic background of post-war migration trends in Estonia
Air pollution deaths in Europe 2020 : a survey
The declining percentage of the working-age people
Russian settlement in the north
Population dynamics of a Philippine rain forest people : the San Ildefonso Agta
Theater and Cultural Politics for a New World presents a radical re-examination of the ways in which demographic shifts will impact theater and performance culture in the twenty-first century. Editor Chinua Thelwell brings together the revealing insights of artists, scholars, and organizers to produce a unique intersectional conversation about the transformative potential of theater. Opening with a case study of the New WORLD Theater and moving on to a fascinating range of essays, the book looks at five main themes: Changing demographics, Future aesthetics, Making institutional space, Critical multiculturalism, Polyculturalism.
Demographic transition and economic growth
Development of settlement in some rural communes in Western Finland since 1920
Demography of the Dobe !Kung
Government views on the relationships between population and environment
Convergence and demographic transition : a club approach
Migration and settlement. 2, Finland
Väestöennuste 1989-2050 = Befolkningsprognos 1989-2050 = Population projection 1989-2050
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 1993, 31
"This volume analyzes the development of local citizenship in Japan by examining the role of local governments and NGOs as well as grassroots political and judicial activism in the expansion of immigrant rights. The possibilities and limits of such local citizenship in Japan are compared to three other recent countries of immigration - Italy, Spain, and South Korea."--BOOK JACKET.
Population, environment and development : proceedings of the United Nations Expert Group Meeting on Population, Environment and Development, United Nations Headquarters, 20-24 January 1992 : convened as part of the substantive preparations for the International Conference on Population and Development, 1994.
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 33 / editor: Jarl Lindgren
DEVELOPMENT OF SETTLEMENT IN SOME RURAL COMMUNES IN WESTERN FINLAND SINCE 1920.
Population growth and economic development : report on the Consultative Meeting Economists convened by the United Nations Population Fund, 28-29 September 1992, New York
Preliminary population statistics
The future of population growth : alternative paths to equilibrium
Managing in a strategic business context
Women's power and social revolution : fertility transition in the West Indies
Migration and settlement. 4, German Democratic Republic
Migration impact assessment
Summary of demographic trends and policy implications presented in the national reports
Dynamics of values in fertility change
The International Handbook on Ageing and Public Policy explores the challenges arising from the ageing of populations across the globe for government, policy makers, the private sector and civil society. It examines various national state approaches to welfare provisions for older people, and highlights alternatives based around the voluntary and third-party sector, families and private initiatives. The Handbook is highly relevant for academics interested in this critical issue, and offers important messages for policy makers and practitioners.
Population and food
European Population Conference 1987 : issues and prospects : plenaries : Jyväskylä, Finland 11-16 June 1987 = Congrés européen de démographie 1987 : seances plenieres : Jyväskylä, Finlande 11-16 Juin 1987
Bad reputation - bad reality? : the intertwining and contested images of a place
Reflections on population
The global spread of fertility decline : population, fear, and uncertainty
Aristocrats, farmers, proletarians : essays in Swedish demographic history
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
Demographic and social consequences of oil and gas development in Siberia, 1960s - early 1990s
Population of North Carelia 1990 : method for projecting population in areas smaller than rural communes of Finland
Family, political economy, and demographic change : the transformation of life in Casalecchio, Italy, 1861-1921
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 46
On population : three essays
Changes in the distribution of population in Finland over the period 1970-1998 are examined in terms of a co-ordinate system of 1 x 1 km grid cells. The results indicate that this system provides suitable areal units for a variety of statistical and GIS methods aimed at describing and explaining the spatial distribution of population. The system is capable of yielding more detailed information than heretofore on topics such as the concentration of population in the urban centres of Finland - a process that has been going on since the beginning of the last century, but has slowed down noticeably in the recent years.
Demographic developments in Eastern Europe
Summary.
"In 2050, the population in all the Nile Basin countries is expected to be ten times higher than it was in 1950. This will put ever increasing pressure on water as a resource for development. The Nile Basin catchment area is shared by 11 countries covering about one-tenth of the African continent. Globally, around 70 per cent of fresh water consumption is used in agriculture. This puts the spotlight on future scenarios regarding food production: will there be enough water for food security in the Nile Basin countries? In this Current African Issues publication, water scarcity and food security are analysed from a range of perspectives. What are the future predictions regarding population increase and climate change, and how will these affect development in Nile Basin countries? What are the current water theories addressing the above issues, and what are the main challenges the Nile Basin countries will face in a context that is also strongly shaped by its history?" --Publisher's description.
Concise report on the world population situation in 1983 : conditions, trends, prospects, policies
Contemporary population changes in north Swedish rural areas
The world's population : problems of growth
Family planning success stories : (Asia, Latin America, Africa)
Population and society : a sociological perspective
Long-term regional demographic developments up to the beginning of the next century and regional policy
Population dynamics and international violence : propositions, insights, and evidence
The great breakthrough and its cause
Beyond Malthus : sixteen dimensions of the population problem
Social dynamics of adolescent fertility in Sub-Saharan Africa
The economics of an ageing population : macroeconomic issues
Changing population distribution in Sweden : long term trends and contemporary tendencies
The demographic structures and settlement patterns of Finland have evolved during the past 10,000 years. During this time the population has grown to its present size of almost 5.2 million through phases of fast and slow increase, and occasional periods of decrease.Changes in the settlement pattern have accompanied the population growth. From the twelfth to the middle of the twentieth century, the general trend was a continuous dispersion of settlement from the southern core areas. The most significant twentieth-century redistributions of the population happened in connection with the resettling of over 400,000 refugees after World War II, and the Great Move in the 1960s and 1970s from rural to urban areas and to Sweden.Finland remained a predominantly rural country until the 1960s. Structural changes within primary production and an increasingly international economy set into motion a regional concentration of the population. Today over 80 percent of the population lives in densely built areas covering only 2.2 percent of the land area.The population's age structure and the current level of natural reproduction will lead to a fast population decrease beginning in the 2020s. The work force will decrease from 2010 onward. These demographic problems will damage the future economy and competitiveness of Finland, unless immigration is encouraged and actively supported.
Demographic transition and social change
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 29
Population 10 billion : [the coming demographic crisis and how to survive it]
Global migration : old assumptions, new dynamics. Vol. 2
Demographic Situation: Present and Future
The determinants and consequences of population trends : a summary of the finding of studies on the relationships between population changes and economic and social conditions
New developments in the economics of population ageing
Population and technology
