http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5001 modernism
modernism
La nouvelle architecture : présentée en 20 exemples = Die Neue Architektur : dargestellt an 20 Beispielen = The New architecture : presented in 20 examples
Facets of European modernism : essays in honour of James McFarlane presented to him on his 65th birthday 12 December 1985
The Picasso papers
Source : music of the avant-garde, 1966-1973
Dying modern : a meditation on elegy
Is Paris still the capital of the nineteenth century? : essays on art and modernity, 1850-1900
Decadence and the making of modernism
Words without music : a memoir
Terminal architecture
The early years of Icelandic art / Bera Nordal
Dialectic of romanticism : a critique of modernism
Fifty modern buildings that changed the world
The complete prose works of Matthew Arnold. 1, On the classical tradition
Has modernism failed? / Suzi Gablik
Scandinavian modern home
Religious modernism in the low countries
The spectre of the orient : modern French mime and traditional Japanese theatre in the 1930s
STATE OF THE ART : IDEAS & IMAGES IN THE 1980S
Towards a new architecture
New art in America : fifty painters of the 20th century
Uplifted spirits, earthbound machines : studies on artists and the dream of flight, 1900-1935
Selected poems
Blindness & insight : essays in the rhetoric of contemporary criticism
Rioting theatre space : Vaslav Nijinsky and the birth of ballet modernism
Surrogate Cities
The moderns and their world
This collection of essays challenges conceptions of "high" modernism, its preoccupation with style at the expense of issues such as race, class and gender, and its exclusive focus both on predominately male writers, poetry and prose fiction by highlighting the diversity of cultural production in the modernist period. This book focusses specifically on women's cultural production, covering a wide range of arts and genres including chapters on painting, theatre, and magazines. The book investigates how women usually constructed as "others", themselves construct others in their work in a period prominently concerned with the construction of self as an issue. This diversity offers a new format of reading modernism in a cross-disciplinary context.
"This architectural survey presents an iconic building built each year from 1916 to 2015, as selected by John Hill, founder of the blog A Daily Dose of Architecture. Starting with H. P. Berlage's Holland House in London and closing with Diller Scofidio + Renfro's newly completed Broad museum in Los Angeles, each building included can be seen, approached, or explored by the average person, per Hill's criteria. Each two-page spread includes one to two large color photos opposite a text contextualizing each structure. The volume also includes a timeline of the 1916-2015 period highlighting important architectural events and "runners up" to the main survey."--
A little history of literature
All that is solid melts into air : the experince of Modernity
Modern boy, modern girl : modernity in Japanese art 1910-1935
Liberalism, modernism, and the good life
Surrealism
The exile's return : toward a redefinition of painting for the post-Modern era
The lost vanguard : Russian modernist architecture 1922-1932
Modernity at large : cultural dimensions of globalization
Visualizing the nineteenth-century home : modern art and the decorative impulse
Weak philosophy, great hope : Charles Taylor's inconclusive journey to "post-epistemology"
The powers of speech : the politics of culture in the GDR
Edith Södergran's Modern Virgin : Overcoming Nietzsche and the Gendered Narrator
World architecture : an illustrated history
Silence : Lectures and writings
Contemporary trends : modern painting
New German architecture : a reflexive modernism
Modernisms : a literary guide
XS future : new ideas, small structures
The silver call
Vanguards of modernity : society, intellectuals, and the university
Lost in the shadow of the word : space, time, and freedom in interwar Eastern Europe
Norway's attitude towards modernism, 1910 - 1920 / Trygve Nergaard
Individuals : a selected history of contemporary art 1945-1986
Fifty key contemporary thinkers : from structuralism to postmodernity
Introducing modernism
The post-avant-garde : change, inluence and patterns of practice in Finnish painting of the 1980s
American apocalypse : the great fire and the myth of Chicago
Cultural schizophrenia : Islamic societies confronting the west
Modigliani : the melancholy angel
Bergman's modernism : The end of beginning
Freak out!
A history of the modern movement : art, architecture, design
Contemporary museums
Dionysus and the city : modernism in twentieth-century poetry
Point and line to plane
Art as inquiry : toward new collaborations between art, science, and technology
In this wide-ranging and original account of Modernism, Michael Levenson draws on more than twenty years of research and a career-long fascination with the movement, its participants, and the period during which it thrived. Seeking a more subtle understanding of the relations between the period's texts and contexts, he provides not only an excellent survey but also a significant reassessment of Modernism itself. Spanning many decades, illuminating individual achievements and locating them within the intersecting histories of experiment (Symbolism to Surrealism, Naturalism to Expressionism, Futurism to Dadaism), the book places the transformations of culture alongside the agitations of modernity (war, revolution, feminism, psychoanalysis). In this perspective, Modernism must be understood more broadly than simply in terms of its provocative works, experimental forms, and singular careers. Rather, as Levenson demonstrates, Modernism should be viewed as the emergence of an adversary culture of the New that depended on audiences as well as artists, enemies as well as supporters.
Frank O. Gehry : selected works: 1969 to today
Structure and meaning : relinking classical sociology
The moderns : a treasury of painting throughout the world
Modernist futures : innovation and inheritance in the contemporary novel
Toward an aesthetics of living beings = Zu einer Ästhetik des Lebendigen
Encyclopaedia of modern architecture
Silent places : a tribute to Edward Hopper
Totalitarian art : in the Soviet Union, the Third Reich, Fascist Italy and the People's Republic of China
Sacred spaces : contemporary religious architecture
Modernism and rationalization
Jackson Pollock : a biography
Learning from Milan : design and the second modernity
The Oxford handbook of global modernisms
New stone architecture
The symbolist generation 1870-1910
The story of modern art
Tradition and its study as discursive practice : modern and postmodern perspectives on folklore research
Theories of modern art : a source book by artists and critics / Herschel B. Chipp, contrib. by Peter Selz, Joshua C. Taylor
The politics of modernism : against the new conformists
The Cambridge companion to the American modernist novel
The story of music : from antiquity to the present
The underside of modernity: Apel, Ricoeur, Rorty, Taylor, and the philosophy of liberation
Modern art : the decisive years 1884-1914
Signs of change : premodern, modern, postmodern
Jean Dubuffet
Writing in context = L'écriture en contexte : French literature, theory and the avant gardes = littérature, théorie et avant-gardes françaises au XXe siècle
The LEGO architect
Back to the future : modernity, postmodernity and locality
Architecture : a modern view : Richard Rogers
The truth of poetry : tensions in modern poetry from Baudelaire to the 1960s
Collected poems
Architecture now! = Architektur heute = L'architecture d'aujourd'hui. 2
From a darkness to a blind spot : encounters between theatre, modern continental ethics of responsibility and the concept of evil
The aesthetics of anarchy : art and ideology in the early Russian avant-garde
How to read modern buildings : A crash course in the architecture of the modern era
Culture and the death of God
Difference in view : women and modernism
A fine disregard : what makes modern art modern
Ex-cavating modernism
The English archive of design and decoration : with over 600 designs, patterns and settings in colour and black-and-white
The modernist papers
Marianne Werefkin and the women artists in her circle
Christian Kerez, uncertain certainty = Kurisuchan Keretsu futashika na hitsuzensei
Journal
The concept of modernism
Early modernism : literature, music, and painting in Europe, 1900-1916
On modernism : the prospects for literature and freedom
Summary.
Notes for a new culture : an essay on modernism
Fifty key contemporary thinkers from structuralism to postmodernity
Uses LEGO models to explore Neoclassical, Art Deco, Brutalist, Modernist, and other architectural styles. Each chapter includes a discussion of the architectural movement, photographs of famous real-life buildings, and a gallery of LEGO models, with step-by-step building instructions / WorldCat.
The truth of poetry : tensions in modernist poetry since Baudelaire
The Idea of the modern in literature and the arts
Japanese modernism
A Conspiracy of Images : Andy Warhol, Gerhard Richter, and the Art of the Cold War
Visions of the modern / John Golding
Freak art scrapbook : Chicago's Armory show in print, 1913
Jean-Luc Godard : Son+Image 1974-1991
Ahead of their time
The future of architecture
Contemporary music in Europe : a comprehensive survey
All that is solid melts into air : the experience of modernity
The other tradition of modern architecture : the uncompleted project
Modernism : challenges and perspectives
This dissertation is an interdisciplinary study within a comparative Nordic-Germanic framework that proposes new approaches to reading representations of gender in European literary modernism and philosophy via the works of Finland-Swedish poet Edith Södergran and Friedrich Nietzsche. I posit that Södergran's avant-garde poetry presents feminine, masculine, and androgynous narrators that subvert the function of misogyny in Nietzsche's philosophy, which she had fervently read and incorporated into her writing. Surely, Södergran must have faced obstacles as she confronted Nietzsche's ostensible ad feminam; however, her progressive poetry, I contend, illustrates how Nietzsche's own discourse is constructed by androgynous rhetoric that exhibits paradoxically helpful appropriations of the female body. I therefore suggest that Södergran's reception of Nietzsche ushers in a transvaluation of the "modernist body" that overcomes the cultural body of Man and Woman as she opens up philosophical discourse with the feminine other in Nietzsche's otherwise phallocentric discourse. Using a shared framework of post-structural feminist theory, narratology, and poetry criticism, this dissertation attempts to overturn long-standing interpretations of Nietzsche's philosophy and to revise Södergran's mythologized biography and traditional analyses of her poetry. In chapter one, I attempt to separate Edith Södergran from her romanticized biography and refigure the female writing subject in history in a way that de-emphasizes her glorified, personal afflictions and instead elucidates Södergran's creative efforts to redefine gender. In chapter two, I posit that Södergran's lyrical narrator is not an exclusively female subject but a speaker that is multiple: Södergran's narrators are voiced by female, male, and androgynous bodies; which leads to a type of transgendered experience of narration. Chapter three focuses on Nietzsche's representations of women that I suggest influenced Södergran's writing. I attempt to show that Nietzsche's misogyny is actually a latent discussion of the cultural body that has been constructed and maintained by Western caricatures of femininity and masculinity. In chapter four, I examine the paradoxical representations of women in Also Sprach Zarathustra [Thus Spoke Zarathustra]. I look at what Zarathustra's hyper-masculine rhetoric can mean to a female reader who may be seeking ways to demystify essentialist constructions of sexual difference, and I explore the implications that Zarathustra's prophecy of the Übermensch--an advanced, idealistic human being--has for the human body. In the final chapter, I look at the narratological techniques that Södergran and Nietzsche employ in their poetry. Through a combined narratological and feminist approach, I suggest that Södergran and Nietzsche meticulously construct disruptive archetypes of the cultural body via multi-gendered narrative voices. I argue that Nietzsche and Södergran transcend normative narrative devices and introduce unprecedented post-gendered bodies and voices into the European modernist tradition. Their particular depictions of the post-gendered body thus resonate with contemporary theories and philosophical discussions of sex and gender.
Transparencies yet to come : Siegfried Giedion and the prehistory of architectural modernity
Scandinavian art seen from afar / Serge Fauchereau
Modernin taiteen klassikoita = Classics of modern art : Bonnard, Braque, Gris, Léger, Matise, Picasso : Sara Hildénin taidemuseo, Tampere, Finland, 12.10.-8.12.1985
Surrealism and modernism from the collection of the Wadsworth Atheneum
Mod! : a very british style
A night at the majestic : Proust and the great modernist dinner party of 1922
Moscow & St. Petersburg 1900-1920 : art, life & culture of Russian silver age
The rest is noise : listening to the twentieth century
Modernism in art, design and architecture
Un-written : exhibition of Latvia at the 14th International Architecture Exhibition - la Biennale di Venezia : catalogue
Introduction : vitality and dreams / Soili Sinisalo
Modern house
100 years 100 buildings
New directions in Italian architecture
A handbook of modernism studies
Paralele i kontrasti : srpska arhitektura 1980-2005 = Parallels and contrasts : modern Serbian architecture 1980-2005
The new music : the avant-garde since 1945
Japanese modern architecture 1920-2015 : developments and dialogues
The sound and the fury
Stieglitz, O'Keeffe & American modernism ; Elizabeth Mankin Kornhauser and Amy Ellis ; with Maura Lyons
Modern colour technology : ideals and conservation
Madness and modernism : insanity in the light of modern art, literature and thought
Jean Nouvel : Museo Nacional, Centro de Arte Reina Sofia, Madrid, from 16 September to 9 December 2002.
Ulysses
Dada and surrealist art
Reflective authenticity : rethinking the project of modernity
Sweden and modernism - the art of the 1910s / Folke Lalander
Modernist montage : the obscurity of vision in cinema and literature
In Dying Modern, one of our foremost literary critics inspires new ways to read, write, and talk about poetry. Diana Fuss does so by identifying three distinct but largely unrecognized voices within the well-studied genre of the elegy: the dying voice, the reviving voice, and the surviving voice. Through her deft readings of modern poetry, Fuss unveils the dramatic within the elegiac: the dying diva who relishes a great deathbed scene, the speaking corpse who fancies a good haunting, and the departing lover who delights in a dramatic exit. Focusing primarily on American and British poetry written during the past two centuries, Fuss maintains that poetry can still offer genuine ethical compensation, even for the deep wounds and shocking banalities of modern death. As dying, loss, and grief become ever more thoroughly obscured from public view, the dead start chattering away in verse. Through bold, original interpretations of little-known works, as well as canonical poems by writers such as Emily Dickinson, Randall Jarrell, Elizabeth Bishop, Richard Wright, and Sylvia Plath, Fuss explores modern poetry's fascination with pre- and postmortem speech, pondering the literary desire to make death speak in the face of its cultural silencing."--Provided by publisher.
The entrapments of form : cruelty and modern literature
Modern painting
J. O. Mallander : Sara Hildenin taidemuseo : Tampere, Suomi, Finland, 30.11.1986-8.2.1987 = Sara Hildén Art Museum
Polish queer modernism
Architecture on the carpet : the curious tale of construction toys and the genesis of modern building
Modernity, modernism and children's literature
Modern art 1851-1929 : capitalism and representation / Richard R. Brettell
Frank Lloyd Wright : his life and his architecture
Translating between Aristotle and postmodernism
The future of modern music : a philosophical exploration of modernist music in the 20th century and beyond
Old masters : a comedy
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
Reframing the moderns : substitute windows and glass
Der Pavillon : Lust und Polemik in der Architektur = The pavilion : pleasure and polemics in architecture
Zarathustra's Dionysian modernism
Unorthodox beauty : Russian modernism and its new religious aesthetic
The Cambridge cultural history of Britain. Volume 9, Modern Britain
"This book describes the narrative form of cruelty in modern literature. It focuses on the two main literary traditions that carry the legacy of revolutionary upheaval in modernity, the French and the American, and shows the transfers of influence that create the contemporary outline of the concept"--
Faces of modernity : avant-garde, decadence, kitsch
