http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5000 plays
plays
Cat on a queer tin roof : a descriptive study of the process of character analysis and directing
Plays one
How not to write a play
Casebook on waiting for Godot
A little money
After tragedy : three Irish plays
The faith of William Shakespeare
Tosca's Rome : The play and the opera in historical perspective
The Arden Shakespeare book of quotations on love
"A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London"--
Five modern Scandinavian plays
Fiddler on the roof : based on Sholom Aleichem' s stories
Making a television play : a complete guide from conception to B.B.C. production
Soul of a Jew : the Death of Otto Weininger, Weininger's Last Night
The Christmas book
William Shakespeare stills stands head and shoulders above any other author in the English language, a position that is unlikely ever to change. Yet it is often said that we know very little about him – and that applies as much to what he believed as it does to the rest of his biography. Or does it? In this authoritative new study, Graham Holderness takes us through the context of Shakespeare’s life, times of religious and political turmoil, and looks at what we do know of Shakespeare the Anglican. But then he goes beyond that, and mines the plays themselves, not just for the words of the characters, but for the concepts, themes and language which Shakespeare was himself steeped in – the language of the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer. Considering particularly such plays as Richard ll, Henry V, The Merchant of Venice, Measure for Measure, Hamlet, Othello, The Tempest and The Winter’s Tale, Holderness shows how the ideas of Catholicism come up against those of Luther and Calvin; how Christianity was woven deep into Shakespeare’s psyche, and how he brought it again and again to his art.
Tales before Tolkien : the roots of modern fantasy
The life and death of King John
Othello
Philadelphia, here I come!
Shakespeare's Hamlet : the manga edition
Complete works. 3
George M. Cohan : The man who owned Broadway
Shakespeare's restless world
Slight ache
Liliom : a legend in seven scenes and a prologue
The new Oxford Shakespeare : authorship companion
Plays. 1
St Nicholas & The Weir : two plays
King Lear
The crucible
Trout Stanley : a play
Under milk wood : a play for voices
Romeo and Juliet : a Shakespeare story
Hamlet : prince of Denmark
Ghost world
Ruined
"And then they found her body" : T. S. Eliot's corporeal Cocktail party
Liverpudlian social class in modern drama : a study of Educating Rita (1980) and Paradise Bound (2006)
New messengers : short narratives in plays by Michael Frayn, Tom Stoppard and August Wilson
Plays. Three
A study in scarlet
The first part of King Henry IV
What happens in Hamlet
Felix is at the top of his game as artistic director of the Makeshiweg Theatre Festival. His productions have amazed and confounded. Now he's staging a Tempest like no other: not only will it boost his reputation, it will heal emotional wounds. Or that was the plan. Instead, after an act of unforeseen treachery, Felix is living in exile in a backwoods hovel, haunted by memories of his beloved lost daughter, Miranda. And brewing revenge. After 12 years revenge finally arrives in the shape of a theatre course at a nearby prison. Here Felix and his inmate actors will put on his Tempest and snare the traitors who destroyed him. It's magic! But will it remake Felix as his enemies fall?
Da, A life and Time was
The crucible : a play in four acts
Pygmalion : a romance in five acts
Marriage to fairy : a Huangmei drama based on the classical script Marriage to Fairy
Discovering the self through drama and movement
The Phantom of the opera : companion
Fisher comes clean (well, sort of) with the crazy truth that is her life, in her first-ever memoir.
The after-dinner joke and Three more sleepless nights
One for the road
Nordisk drama : fornyelser og transgressioner = Nordic drama : renewal and transgression : foredrag fra den 27. studiekonference i International Association for Scandinavian Studies
THE PALACE OF ETERNAL YOUTH
Drama as literature
24 favorite one-act plays
Six plays
Lakeshore Christmas
Playing with fire
Source and target text-orientation in drama translation : an analysis of four translations of William Shakespeare's Julius Caesar
The problem of Hamlet : a solution
Theory and technique of playwriting : with a new introd
A collection of some of the Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright's most definitive works includes "All My Sons," "Death of a Salesman," "The Crucible," "A View from the Bridge," and five additional plays.
Trainspotting & Headstate
Separate tables
Papers on playmaking
Sir Henry Neville was Shakespeare : the evidence
Sexplosion : from Andy Warhol to A clockwork orange - how a generation of pop rebels broke all the taboos
The selected plays of Philip Massinger : The Duke of Milan ; The Roman actor ; A new way to pay old debts ; The city madam
Will in the world : how Shakespeare became Shakespeare
The Night Season
Thyrsis and Fausta : a pastoral with other plays and poems
Selected plays of Hélène Cixous
"How will you do for a husband?" : the enactment of wifehood in Shakespeare's Macbeth
The rough guide to Shakespeare : [the plays, the poems, the life]
Selected plays of Lady Gregory
Romeo and Juliet
The dramatist's toolkit : the craft of the working playwright
Sustaining the Hallyu : International Social Media Promotion and Buzz for South Korean Movies and Series
Songs of Willow Frost : a novel
Shakespeare saved my life : ten years in solitary with The Bard
The genius of the Irish theater
The poetical works of lord Byron : the only complete and copyright text in one volume
World of Shakespeare : picture book
Plays. Tom Murphy. 1, Famine, The patriot game, The blue macushla
A view from the bridge : a play in two acts : with a new introduction
Shakespeare's stories
Children of a lesser god : a play in two acts
The American drama since 1918 : an informal history
The plays of Oscar Wilde. Volume 1.
Dumb show
Six characters in search of the author
Four russian plays
Nine modern soviet plays
Too late for logic
Plays. One
Shakespeare's Romeo & Juliet
Lady Macbeth's daughter
Harry Potter and the cursed child. Parts one and two
Performance, madness and psychiatry : isolated acts
Plays. Two
The playwright's art : stage, radio, television, motion pictures
A view from the bridge ; All my sons
The magistrate ; The schoolmistress ; The second Mrs Tanqueray ; Trelawny of the 'Wells'
The question of Hamlet
Four plays
Whispers of a savage sort : and other plays about the Deaf american experience
Burn this : a play
Worlds elsewhere : journeys around Shakespeare's globe
Boris saves the show
The god of carnage
Oxford handbooks online. Literature
William Shakespeare : scenes from the life of the world greatest writer
Death of a salesman : certain private conversations in two acts and a requiem
The winter's tale
Shakespeare's Macbeth : the manga edition
Theory and technique of playwriting
The 101 greatest plays : from antiquity to the present
Modern drama and the rhetoric of theater
Sweet nothing
Wilde comedies : Lady Windermere's fan, A woman of no importance, An ideal husband, The importance of being earnest
Playwriting : the first workshop
Inferno
The nation's favourite Shakespeare
Plays two
Children's plays from Beatrix Potter
The theatre of revolt
Shakespeare & me : great writers, actors, and directors on what the bard means to them - and us
Shakespeare's problem comedies
The lodger : Shakespeare on Silver Street
A MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM
The witch in history : early modern and twentieth-century representations
Ideal : the novel and the play
Suomen kansallisteatteri = The Finnish national theatre
Collected plays 1944-1961
Viewpoints in modern drama : an arrangement of plays according to their essential interest
Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet : the manga edition
Drama : an introduction
Writing your first play
Cruel and tender : after Sophocles' Trachiniae
The amber fury
August : Osage County
The testament of William S.
Writing comedy : a guide to scriptwriting for TV, radio, film and stage
Reflections in a lake : a study of Chekhov's four greatest plays
The last yankee
In Venice, a boating accident leads to the discovery of a 400 year old text bearing the signature ‘W.S.’ and promising the truth about the ‘Shakespeare mystery’. That very night, someone tries unsuccessfully to steal the precious document. The discoverer, Marquis Stefano Da Spiri, decides to send a copy of the document to a specialist of the Bard in London for stylistic authentication. As for the original, he entrusts it to an old comrade in arms from WW2: Captain Francis Blake…
Fool's gold
Five one-act plays
This exciting collection of essays explores the complex area of madness and performance. The book spans from the 18th century to the present and unearths the overlooked history of theatre and performance in, and about, psychiatric asylums and hospitals. The book will appeal to historians, social scientists, theatre scholars, and artists alike.
The importance of being earnest
Putting on a play
Some practical considerations concerning dramatic translation
Plays. 2
I am the wind
Horrid Henry's Christmas play
The last Yankee
Robert Macaire, or, The exploits of a gentleman at large
How to write a play
The importance of being consistent : comparison of translation strategies in two Finnish versions of Oscar Wilde's most famous comedy
Aristocrats
The bedbug and selected poetry
Blue/orange
French drama of the inter-war years 1918 - 39
Training using drama : successful development techniques from theatre & improvisation
Tantalus : an ancient myth for a new millenium
Fallout : a novel
Puppet Theatre in Finland to 1917.
Hildegard of Bingen : a spiritual reader
Shakespeare's First folio : four centuries of an iconic book
Wishful drinking
Hello Kitty the nutcracker
Drama in early Tudor Britain 1485 - 1558
Stories from Shakespeare
Shakespeare in performance
The first book of puppets
Dreamsongs II
The two Arcadias : plays and poems
The art of dramatic writing  : its basis in the creative interpretation of human motives
William Shakespeare's Twelfth night
Hag-seed : The Tempest retold
My friend Hitler and other plays of Yukio Mishima
Complete works. One
Includes 39 handbooks and 1550 articles.
A Christmas homecoming
