http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5009 entropy
entropy
University physics
Thermal physics : energy and entropy
The influence of frontal muscle electromyography on electroencephalography-based depth of anaesthesia monitoring
Applied coding and information theory for engineers : solutions manual
Prosaics and other provocations : empathy, open time, and the novel
Mother nature's two laws : ringmasters for circus earth
Chemical thermodynamics at a glance
Energy, complexity and wealth maximization
The entropy law and the economic process
Advanced thermodynamics engineering
Entropy and information in science and philosophy
Dehumanization in Thomas Pynchon's fiction
Galileo's finger : the great ideas of science
Entropy and information
Fundamentals of engineering thermodynamics
Calculation of the entropy for simple classical fluids
Thermal physics
The entropy vector : connecting science and business
The aim of this book is to explain in simple language what we know and what we do not know about information and entropy - two of the most frequently discussed topics in recent literature - and whether they are relevant to life and the entire universe. Entropy is commonly interpreted as a measure of disorder. This interpretation has caused a great amount of "disorder" in the literature. One of the aims of this book is to put some "order" in this "disorder". The book explains with minimum amount of mathematics what information theory is and how it is related to thermodynamic entropy. Then it critically examines the application of these concepts to the question of "What is life?" and whether or not they can be applied to the entire universe.
Informed assessments : an introduction to information, entropy and statistics
Entropy : the significance of the concept of entropy and its applications in science and technology
Maximum entropy and Bayesian methods : Garching, Germany 1998 : proceedings of the 18th International Workshop on Maximum Entropy and Bayesian Methods of Statistical Analysis
Challenges to the second law of thermodynamics : theory and experiment
Principles of engineering thermodynamics
Entropy : the devil on the pillion : a popular exposition
"This treasure of popular science by the Russian biophysicist Mikhail V. Volkenstein is at last, more than twenty years after its appearance in Russian, available in English translation. As its title Entropy and Information suggests, the book deals with the thermodynamical concept of entropy and its interpretation in terms of information theory. The author shows how entropy is not to be considered a mere shadow of the central physical concept of energy, but more appropriately as a leading player in all of the major natural processes: physical, chemical, biological, evolutionary, and even cultural. The theory of entropy is thoroughly developed from its beginnings in the foundational work of Sadi Carnot and Clausius in the context of heat engines, including expositions of much of the necessary physics and mathematics, and illustrations from everyday life of the importance of entropy."--Back cover.
Chemical and energy process engineering
Thermodynamics : an engineering approach
Entropy in control engineering
Entropy, large deviations, and statistical mechanics
Thermodynamics : an engineering approach : SI units
Thermodynamics of chemical processes
Why information grows : the evolution of order, from atoms to economies
Information, entropy, life and the universe : what we know and what we do not know
Wonders of the universe
Chemical principles
Applied coding and information theory for engineers
Entropy and energy : a universal competition
Thermodynamics for dummies
Fundamentals of Physics : Mechanics, Relativity, and Thermodynamics
The temperature of history : phases of science and culture in the nineteenth century
The mathematical theory of information
A measure of overall statistical dependence based on the entropy concept
Thermodynamic measurements on alloys and compounds in Ag-Au-Se and Ag-Pd systems by the electromotive force method
Regional and global patterns of internationalisation of Finnish MNEs
Two essays on entropy
Maximum entropy, information without probability and complex fractals : classical and quantum approach
Science, order and creativity
Entropy principle for the development of complex biotic systems : organisms, ecosystems, the earth
The concept of entropy in thermodynamics is a complex one, though it is fundamental in understanding physics, the workings of the mind, and biology. Entropy is the measure of the quality of energy, and it can also refer to the turn from order to disorder or randomness in isolated systems. In open systems, such as biology, entropy is formulated in terms of production and energy flow. This book establishes a novel view of complex biological systems and the earth using this concept of entropy, encompassing the interdisciplinary area of biology, ecology and physics. This book considers the develop.
Maximum entropy and Bayesian methods : Boise, Idaho, U.S.A., 1997 : proceedings of the 17th International Workshop on Maximum Entropy and Bayesian Methods of Statistical Analysis
Information dynamics and open systems : classical and quantum approach
Linear prediction in optical spectroscopy
Fundamentals of thermodynamics
A student's guide to entropy
The refrigerator and the universe : understanding the laws of energy
"Why do some nations prosper while others do not? Economists usually turn to measures such as gross domestic product or per capita income to answer this question, but interdisciplinary theorist Cesar Hidalgo argues that we can learn more by measuring a country's ability to make complex products. In Why Information Grows, Hidalgo combines the seemingly disparate fields of economic development and physics to present this new rubric for economic growth. He believes that we should investigate what makes some countries more capable than others. Complex products-from films to robots, apps to automobiles-are a physical distillation of an economy's knowledge, a measurable embodiment of its education, infrastructure, and capability. Economic wealth accrues when applications of this knowledge turn ideas into tangible products; the more complex its products, the more economic growth a country will experience. A radical new interpretation of global economics, Why Information Grows overturns traditional assumptions about the development of economies and the origins of wealth and takes a crucial step toward making economics less the dismal science and more the insightful one. "--
Maximum entropy and ecology : a theory of abundance, distribution, and energetics
The effects of anesthetic induced loss of consciousness on quantitative electroen cephalogram, and bispectral and spectral entropy indices : studies on healthy male
Integration of ecosystem theories : a pattern
Distance-related barriers and the internationalisation of Finnish MNEs
"Why do some nations prosper while others do not? While economists often turn to measures like GDP or per-capita income to answer this question, interdisciplinary theorist Cesar Hidalgo argues that there is a better way to understand economic success. Instead of measuring the money a country makes, he proposes, we can learn more from measuring a country's ability to make complex products--in other words, the ability to turn an idea into an artifact and imagination into capital. In Why Information Grows, Hidalgo combines the seemingly disparate fields of economic development and physics to present this new rubric for economic growth. He argues that viewing development solely in terms of money and politics is too simplistic to provide a true understanding of national wealth. Rather, we should be investigating what makes some countries more capable than others. Complex products--from films to robots, apps to automobiles--are a physical distillation of an economy's knowledge, a measurable embodiment of the education, infrastructure, and capability of an economy. Economic wealth is about applying this knowledge to turn ideas into tangible products, and the more complex these products, the more economic growth a country will experience. Just look at the East Asian countries, he argues, whose rapid rise can be attributed to their ability to manufacture products at all levels of complexity. A radical new interpretation of global economics, Why Information Grows overturns traditional assumptions about wealth and development. In a world where knowledge is quite literally power, Hidalgo shows how we can create societies that are limited by nothing more than their imagination"--
Evolution as entropy : toward a unified theory of biology
Entropy, information, and evolution : new perspectives on physical and biological evolution
Information, entropy, and progress : a new evolutionary paradigm
Advances in the theory of nearest neighbor distributions
Thermal physics : entropy and free energies
Entropy and art : an essay on disorder and order
Four laws that drive the universe
Entropy : a point of view to contemporary art
