http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5003 mortality rate
mortality rate
Type A behavior pattern revisited long-term follow-up from the Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease study
Alcohol-related traumatic brain injuries before and after the reduction of alcohol prices:observations from Oulu Province and Northern Ostrobothnia
Occupational class and cause specific mortality in middle aged men in 11 European countries : comparison of population based studies
Modelling survival of patients with multiple cancers
Sensitivity of different early developmental periods of Baltic herring (Clupea harengus) to water-accommodated fraction of crude oil
Proceedings of the 10th North American Caribou Workshop : Girdwood, Alaska, USA, 4 to 6 May, 2004
Childhood mortality in Finland
Causes of death
Obstruction event severity in diagnostics of sleep apnea
Responses to ultraviolet radiation in larval pike, Esox lucius, of two origins and ages.
Factors associated with susceptibility to and outcome of bacteraemia with reference to Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae,ß-haemolytic streptococcus and Escherichia coli bacteraemias
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
Effect of cardiac surgery on long-term outcome : balancing between survival benefit, surgical risk and health-related quality of life
Socioeconomic inequalities in stroke mortality among middle-aged men : an international overview
How heritable is individual suspectibility to death? : the results of an analysis of survival data on Danish, Swedish and Finnish twins
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 35, 1998-1999
Diet, life expectancy, and chronic disease : studies of Seventh-Day Adventists and other vegetarians
Type A behavior pattern revisited : long-term follow-up from the Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease study
Health in Finland [Elektroninen aineisto]
Finnish yearbook of population research. 44, 2009
Impact of PropIgG-TM on piglet mortality and weight gain
Data bases for mortality measurement : papers of the Meeting of the United Nations/World Health Organization Working Group on Data Bases for Measurement of Levels, Trends and Differentials in Mortality : Bangkok, 20-23 October 1981
Geographic variation of mortality in Greenland
Paternal age, psychosis, and mortality : the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort, Helsinki 1951–1960 Schizophrenia Cohort, and Finnish Nonaffective Psychosis Cohort
Optimal pollution, optimal population, and sustainability
Abstract.
Intermittent versus continuous androgen deprivation in patients with advanced prostate cancer : the FinnProstate study VII
Liikkumisvaikeuksia ennustavat puristusvoiman raja-arvot : predicting 11-year incidence of mobility and adl limitations and mortality with suggested hand-grip strength cut-points in older adults
Geographical Extraction and the Finnish-Swedish Health Differential in Finland
Physical activity in midlife and health-related quality of life, frailty, telomere length and mortality in old age
Mortality and survival of semi-domesticated reindeer (Rangifer tarandus tarandus L.) calves in northern Finland
Early repolarization in the inferolateral leads of the electrocardiogram:prevalence, prognosis and characteristics
Sex and sexual ornamentation associated with survival of the cyprinid fish, Rutilus rutilus, under disease stress
Environmental barriers, person-environment fit and mortality among community-dwelling very old people
The deviant dynamics of death in heterogeneous populations
Yearbook of population research in Finland = Väestöntutkimuksen vuosikirja. 29, 1991.
Acute drug poisoning: outcome and factors affecting outcome
Observations on Finnish male mortality rates during the 20th century
Early life stress and later health : ‡b cardiovascular disease and general health among former war evacuees
Dimishing educational differences in breast cancer mortality among finnish women : a register-based 25-year follow up
Population data at a glance : shaded contour maps of demographic surfaces over age and time
Adult mortality in developed countries : from description to explanation
Physical activity, cardiovascular risk factors and mortality
Natural regeneration of Scots pine and Norway spruce close to the timberline in northern Finland
Alexithymia and risk of death in middle-aged men
Validity of Greenlandic mortality statistics
Late-life functional capacity and health among Finnish war veterans:Veteran Project 1992 and 2004 surveys
Kuolemansyyt 2005 = Dödsorsaker 2005 = Causes of death 2005.
Barries to utilization of focused antenatal care among pregnant women in ntchisi district in Malawi
Social inequality in the face of death : linked registers in mortality research
Estimation of genetic parameters and genetic change for stillbirth in Iranian Holstein cows : a comparison between linear and threshold models
The world health report 1998 : life in the 21st century, a vision for all
Wild bird mortality in the Netherlands 1975-1989
One quarter of humanity : Malthusian mythology and Chinese realities, 1700-2000
Impacts of components of the metabolic syndrome on health status and survival in an aged population
Paternal age, psychosis, and mortality:the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort, Helsinki 1951–1960 Schizophrenia Cohort, and Finnish Nonaffective Psychosis Cohort
Modern technology in supervision of parturition to prevent piglet mortality
Coronary artery calcium and physical performance as determinants of mortality in older age: the AGES-Reykjavik Study
Mortality of the Sami in northern Finland 1979-2005
Mortality pattern in Greenland : an analysis of potential years of life lost 1968-83
A brief history of death
Yearbook of population research in Finland. XXXVIII, 2002 / in collaboration with the Finnish Demographic Society ; [written by Jouko Hulkko ... et al.] ; [editor in chief Ismo Söderling] ; [language revision and translation Maija Mäkinen]
Prospects of population : methodology and assumptions : papers of the Ad hoc group of experts on demographic projections, United Nations headquarters, 7-11 November 1977.
Environmental mortality and long-run growth
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 39, 2003
The quality of life and cost-effectiveness of treatment after a serious neurosurgical illness
Bootstrap confidence interval of life expectancy forecasted with the Lee-Carter method
Breast-feeding and reproduction : studies in marital fertility and infant mortality in 19th century Finland and Sweden
Tree mortality and deadwood dynamics in late-successional boreal forests
Mortality and socio-economic status among Finnish women
Migration and mortality in Africa and the Atlantic world, 1700-1900
Six billion plus : world population in the twenty-first century
Perspectives on mortality forecasting. 1, Current practice
Mortality after death of spouse in relation to duration of breavement in Finland
Kuolemansyyt 2006 = Dödsorsaker 2006 = Causes of death 2006
Air pollution deaths in Europe 2020 : a survey
Educational differentials in male mortality in Russia and northern Europe : a comparison of an epidemiological cohort from Moscow and St. Petersburg with the male populations of Helsinki and Oslo
Death by stupidity : 1001 of the most astonishingly bizarre ways to bite the dust
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 38, 2002.. articles on demography in honor of professor Tapani Valkonen on his birthday
Income and mortality - the dynamics of disparity : a study on the changing association between income and mortality in Finland
World population policies 2003
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 44 : special Issue of the 16th Nordic Demographic Symposium in Helsinki, 5-7 June, 2008
On competing risks of death
Socio-demographic factors and incidence of caesarean sections in Mozambique
Male mortality in the Helsinki metropolitan area
Mortality by occupational class among men 30-64 years in 11 European countries
Non-surgical transfer of 4',6'-diamidino-2-phenylindole-stained equine embryos
Differential mortality in the United States : a study in socioeconomic epidemiology
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 34, 1997
Infections in intensive care : epidemiology and outcome
Methodologies for the collection and analysis of mortality data : proceedings of a seminar at Dakar, Senegal,July 7- 10, 1981 ed. by Jacques Vallin, John H. Pollard & Larry Heligman
Monitoring of trends in socioeconomic inequalities in mortality : experiences from a European project
The WHO Application of ICD-10 to deaths during pregnancy, childhood and the puerperium : ISD-MM
Yearbook of population research in Finland XXXVIII : articles on demography in honor of professor Tapani Valkonen on his birthday
Incidence of gynaecological cancers and overall and cause specific mortality of grand multiparous women in Finland
Utilising mark-recapture data for Bayesian modelling of fish mortality
All the five Nordic countries have a long tradition in health statistics and health monitoring. The cornerstone of the national health information systems is register information. There are, for example, complete population-based registration of births and deaths, cancers, hospital care, and medication (Cappelen and Lysol 2004, Gissler and Haukka. 2004, Mortensen 2004, Otterblad Olausson et al. 2004). The main prerequisites for a functioning register system are its completeness and high quality. These are facilitated by the Nordic legislation allowing mandatory reporting from public and private sector without informed consent and the existence of unique person identity number system. .
The adverse health consequences of air pollution are of concern currently and there is a fear that these consequences escalate along with economic growth. The effect of economic growth on air pollution deaths is analyzed in Denmark, Finland, and Sweden by applying the Environmental Kuznets Curve approach, according to which economic growth has competing effects on air pollution and related deaths. On the one hand, emissions tend to increase as the scale of economic activity increases, but on the other hand, consumers and firms in richer countries use cleaner goods and adopt cleaner technologies. In Denmark and Finland, the latter effects are stronger, while in Sweden the opposite is true. Therefore, air pollution deaths will decrease in Denmark and Finland but increase in Sweden. Since country's own emissions do not determine air pollution completely, the paper briefly analyzes emissions from the Baltic countries and Russia. .
Perspectives on mortality forecasting. 5, Cohort factors: how conditions in early life influence mortality later in life
The development of mortality from ischaemic heart disease among the middle-aged population in Finland
Convergence of life styles and trends in sex mortality ratio among the middle-aged in Finland
Experiences of mortality levels in Finnish poultry population
Gastroesophageal reflux disease as a cause of death : analysis of fatal cases under conservative treatment
Mortality trends and projections of cardiovascular diseases
Mortality after the death of a spose : rates and causes of death in a large Finnish cohort
The eighth Nordic demographic symposium, June 1986, Gilleleje, Denmark
Infant mortality in Greenland
The effects of differential unemployment rate increases of occupation groups on changes in mortality
Previous research concerned with the Finnish-Swedish mortality differential in Finland tends to have overlooked the fact that many Finnish speakers who live in the same coastal area as the Swedish speakers originate from parts of the country with high death rates. Using an extract from Statistics Finlands longitudinal employment statistics ? le, we ? nd that geographical extraction is an important factor underlying variation in both mortality and disability retirement in working-aged people. Finnish speakers born in eastern and northern Finland have substantially poorer health than those originating from western Finland. It is consequently not suf? cient to restrict analyses only by present region of residence. Still, there remains a between-group health differential also in people born in the coastal area, which suggests that health behaviors and risk factors could be relevant.  .
Registration of Births and Induced Abortions in the Nordic Countries
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 46
Inverse relation between height and cardiovascular mortality in men during 30-year follow-up
Incidence, mortality, comorbidities, and treatment of bullous pemphigoid in Finland
Alcohol affects the outcome after head trauma
Sedative load and adverse events among community-dwelling older people
When the welfare state works : unemployment and mortality in Finland
The economics of risks to life
The abolition of the Swedish alcohol rationing system : effects on consumption distribution and cirrhosis mortality
Smoking cessation, decline in pulmonary function and total mortality : a 30 year follow up study among the Finnish cohorts of seven countries study
Educational differences in cause-specific mortality in the United States
Adverse events among older people associated with use of drugs with anticholinergic properties
Excess mortality of unemployed men and women during a period of rapidly increasing unemployment
Assessing progress in Africa toward the millennium development goals : MDG report 2013 : food security in Africa : issues, challenges and lessons
Fifteen-year response of weed control intensity and seedling type on Norway spruce survival and growth on arable land
Data on stillbirth from the Animal Breeding Center of Iran collected from January 1990 to December 2007 and comprising 668810 Holstein calving events from 2506 herds were analyzed. Linear and threshold animal and sire models were used to estimate genetic parameters and genetic trends for stillbirth in the first, second, and third parities. Mean incidence of stillbirth decreased from first to third parities: 23.7%, 22.1%, and 21.8%, respectively. Phenotypic rates of stillbirth decreased from 1993 to 1998, for first, second and third calvings, and then increased from 1998 to 2007 for the first three parities. Direct heritability estimates of stillbirth for parities 1, 2 and 3 ranged from 2.2 to 8.7%, 0.6 to 5.1% and 0.1 to 3.8%, respectively, and maternal heritability estimates of stillbirth for parities 1, 2 and 3 ranged from 1.4 to 6.3%, 0.5 to 4.2% and 0.08 to 2.0%, respectively, using linear and threshold animal models. The threshold sire model estimates of heritabilities for stillbirth in this study were 0.021 to 0.071, while the linear sire model estimates of heritabilities for stillbirth in the current study were from 0.003 to 0.021 over the parities. There was a slightly increasing genetic trend for stillbirth rate in parities 1 and 2 over time with the analysis of linear animal and linear sire models. There was a significant decreasing genetic trend for stillbirth rate in parity 1 and 3 over time with the analysis of threshold animal and threshold sire models, but the genetic trend for stillbirth rate in parity 2 with these models of analysis was significantly positive. The low estimates of heritability obtained in this study implied that much of the improvement in stillbirth could be attained by improvement of production environment rather than genetic selection.
Air Pollution Mortality in Denmark, Finland, and Sweden
National vitality : its wastes and conservation
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 40, 2004
Childhood determinants of later health
Regional differences im mortality from ischaemic heart disease in Finland
Work ability in midlife as a predictor of mortality and disability in later life: a 28-year prospective follow-up study
Mortality in Finnish patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus : a follow-up study of patients diagnosed when under twenty years of age
Yearbook of population research in Finland. XLI, 2005
Do education and income buffer the effects of death of spouse mortality?
Early mortality decline in Norway in comparative perspective
There is emerging evidence that environmental degradation increases human mortality. This paper provides a long-run consumer optimization model in which mortality is endogenous to emissions generated by production. Emissions are assumed to follow the EKC path, first rising and then falling along with output. In the optimum, some deaths are accepted as an exchange for consumption. The model is estimated for the European outdoor air pollution data, showing that Europe has reached the downward sloping segment of the EKC. Economic growth will thus decrease rather than increase air pollution and the associated deaths in most countries in Europe.
Social determinants of mortality from childhood to early adulthood
The widening differentials in adult mortality by socio-economic status and their causes
Mortality, disability, psychiatric treatment and medication in first-onset schizophrenia in Finland:the register linkage study
Differential mortality : methodological issues and biosocial factors
Acute respiratory health effects of particulate matter : effects of size, composition and sources
Charasteristics of urban regions and all-cause mortality in working-age population : effects of social environment and interactions with individual unemployment
Perspectives on mortality forecasting. 3, The linear rise in life expectancy: history and prospects
Blood pressure and mortality in an older population : a 5-year follow-up of the Helsinki Ageing Study
Male susceptibility and female emancipation : studies on the gender difference in mortality
Factors affecting outcome after primary intracerebral hemorrhage
Descriptive findings on the convergence of female and male mortality in Europe
Death and Mortality - From Individual to Communal Perspectives
Quantifying regional variation in the survival of cancer patients
Optimal pollution, endogenous population, and sustainability
Moving from description to explanation of adult mortality : issues and approaches
Convergence of life styles and sex ratio in suicide mortality in Finland
The force of mortality at ages 80 to 120
Sudden coronary death in middle-age in Finland
Alcohol and cancer among men : public health impact and perspectives
Infant mortality and its underlying determinants in rural Malawi
Molecular background of three lethal fetal syndromes
Socioeconomic mortality differentials in men and women according to own and spouse's characteristics in Finland
Perspectives on mortality forecasting. 2, Probabilistic models
Incidence, biomarkers, and outcome of acute kidney injury in critically ill adults
Excessive adult male mortality in Finland : its origins and development since 1870
Severe community- acquired pneumonia – studies on imaging, etiology, treatment, and outcome among intensive care patients
Female homicide offenders have greatly increased mortality from unnatural deaths
Ips acuminatus kills pines in southern Finland
The fight against tuberculosis and the death-rate from phthisis
Trends and inequalities in mortality in Finland and other Scandinavian countries
The toll of the automobile : wildlife and roads in Sweden
Senescence ecology : aging in a natural population of wild brown mouse lemurs (Microcebus rufus)
Perspectives on mortality forecasting. 4, Causes of death
Demographic forecasting
Mortality in Northern Finland : temporal trends and regional variations
Mirties priežastys 1995 = Causes of death 1995.
Hospital mortality of intensive care patients in Finland : insights into prognostic factors and measuring outcomes
Determinants of mortality change and differentials in developing countries : the five-country case study project
Urbanisation and the epidemiologic transition
The advancing frontier of survival : life tables for old age
Research on socio-economic differential mortality at the Department of Sociology, University of Helsinki
Kuolemansyyt 2004 = Dödsorsaker 2004 = Causes of death 2004.
Biological and social aspects of mortality and the length of life : proceedings of a seminar at Fiuggi, Italy, May 13-16, 1980
Lost years of life in Greenland in the period 1968 to 1983
Global report on drowning : preventing a leading killer
Longevity : the biology and demography of life span
Cardiovascular abnormalities after non-traumatic intracranial hemorrhage
Survival-time analysis of white spruce during spruce budworm defoliation
English summary.
Differential mortality at older ages : sociodemographic mortality differences among the Finnish elderly
We don't buy sickness, it just comes : health, illness and health care in the lives of black people in London
Yearbook of population research in Finland = Väestöntutkimuksen vuosikirja. XXVIII, 1990.
The influenza pandemic in Japan, 1918-1920 : the First World War between humankind and a virus
Occupational mortality by cause in Finland 1971-91 and occupational mobility
Family building by fate of design : a study of relationships between child survival and fertility
Spatial ecology of the grey seal and ringed seal in the Baltic Sea : seeking solutions to the coexistence of seals and fisheries
Recent trends in mortality from peptic ulcer disease in Finland
Alcohol consumption, atherosclerosis and stroke : epidemiologic follow-up study in middle-aged Finnish men
Deaths
Increasing excess mortality among non-married elderly people in development countries
Handbook on the collection of fertility and mortality data
Epämuodostumat 1993-2008 = Missbildningar 1993-2008 = Congenital anomalies 1993-2008
The endangered Saimaa ringed seal in a changing climate : challenges for conservation and monitoring
The sixth Scandinavian demographic symposium : 16-19 June 1982 in Kungälv, Sweden. Vol 3., Studies in mortality
