http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5005 prime numbers
prime numbers
The round house
Learning from children who read at an early age
Fantasy-ouverture : Romeo and Juliet
Parental involvement and children ́s academic skills
Factorization and primality testing
Ouverture : Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg ; with biographical note by Dyneley Hussey and introduction by Gordon Jacob
Young children continue to reinvent arithmetic - 2nd grade : implications of Piaget's theory
The development of school-based literacy : a social ecological perspective
Prime numbers : a computational perspective
Multiplicative number theory
A midsummer night's dream, op. 21.
Reading aquisition and self-concept
Elementary number theory and its applications
Millennium in Central Europe : a history of Hungary
Suite No. 2 : (h-moll)
Introduction to number theory
The rejection of Pascal's wager : a skeptic's guide to the Bible and the historical Jesus
Elementary number theory in nine chapters
Tragic overture : for orchestra : op. 81 = (Tragische Ouverture)
The number mysteries : a mathematical odyssey through every day life
Promotion of Literacy in Sub-Saharan Africa: Goals and Prospects of CAPOLSA at the University of Zambia
The scourge of the swastika : a short history of nazi war crimes
Overture to the Comic Opera Don Giovanni : K-V., No. 527
Young children reinvent arithmetic : implications of Piaget's theory
Literacy : major themes in education. 2 : Reading : processes and teaching
Into the mainstream : diesel and dust to big mountain : concert tour of America
Lohengrin : Preludes : first and third acts
William Tell and other ouvertures in full scores
Die Hebriden : overture for orchestra
Christianity in the second century : the case of Tatian
Literacy learning in the early years : through children's eyes
The music of the primes : why an unsolved problem in mathematics matters
The humans
The valley of amazement
Multiplicative number theory. 1, Classical theory
The thinking books
Indigenous peoples of the northern part of the Russian Federation and their environment : atlas and historical/ethnographical background information
Primality testing in polynomial time : from randomized algorithms to "PRIMES is in P"
Summary (s. 48-50).
Prime numbers : the most mysterious figures in math
Prime obsession : Bernhard Riemann and the greatest unsolved problem in mathematics
Implicit understandings : observing, reporting, and reflecting on the encounters between Europeans and other peoples in the early modern era
Abstract: Schisms in politics or political parties?.
Prime numbers are beautiful, mysterious, and beguiling mathematical objects. The mathematician Bernhard Riemann made a celebrated conjecture about primes in 1859, the so-called Riemann hypothesis, which remains one of the most important unsolved problems in mathematics. Through the deep insights of the authors, this book introduces primes and explains the Riemann hypothesis. Students with a minimal mathematical background and scholars alike will enjoy this comprehensive discussion of primes. The first part of the book will inspire the curiosity of a general reader with an accessible explanation of the key ideas. The exposition of these ideas is generously illuminated by computational graphics that exhibit the key concepts and phenomena in enticing detail. Readers with more mathematical experience will then go deeper into the structure of primes and see how the Riemann hypothesis relates to Fourier analysis using the vocabulary of spectra. Readers with a strong mathematical background will be able to connect these ideas to historical formulations of the Riemann hypothesis.
Number theory : an introduction via the distribution of primes
Beginning reading and writing
Wanting
The first six million prime numbers
Prime numbers and the Riemann hypothesis
Generalized Bernoulli numbers, generalized irregular primes, and class number
All my relations : an anthology of contemporary Canadian native fiction
The solitude of prime numbers
A midsummer night's dream, op. 21
Starting out right : a guide to promoting children's reading success
War and socialism
Enhancing adult basic learning : training educators and unlocking the potential of distance and open learning
How 007 got his name
Native people of southern New England, 1500-1650
Initial teaching of reading in the European Union
The development of prime number theory : from Euclid to Hardy and Littlewood
Poincaré's legacies : pages from year two of a mathematical blog. Part 1
Introduction to modern prime number theory
Six great overtures
Desirable literacies : approaches to language and literacy in the early years
Development of literacy in kindergarten and primary school
Primitive passions : men, women, and the quest for ecstasy
The convergence of two complementary agendas motivated collaboration between two universities (in Zambia and Finland) to establish the Centre for the Promotion of Literacy in Sub-Saharan Africa (CAPOLSA), focused on initial literacy learning in indigenous languages. The project's mandate and activities are closely related to Zambia's national context of literacy and educational provision, emerging trends in information and communication technology, and the University of Zambia's institutional context of research and development on literacy, child development, and education. CAPOLSA has afforded opportunities for enhancing the working relations between the national university and government and for contributing to the development of institutional linkages and consultative forums. Collaboration between various disciplines, institutions, and economic sectors characterizes CAPOLSA's activities. Important areas of progress envisaged include institutional development, growth of a sustainable community of researchers whose collective efforts will increase the scale of Africa's contribution to international knowledge, and evidence-based planning at the interface between humans and technology.
The Iron Lady
A new agenda for European development co-operation
Literacy and learning through talk : strategies for the primary classroom
The long death : the last days of the Plains indian
Djambidj : an aboriginal song series from northern Australia
The art of Utopia : a new direction in contemporary Aboriginal art
Northlanders. Book two : The cross + the hammer
The teaching of reading : the development of literacy in the early years of school
Primes and programming : an introduction to number theory with computing
The magic flute : ouverture K.V. 620
Symphonic overture, op. 6 (1939)
Primality testing for beginners
The voice of a thinking ingelligent movement : James Larkin Junior and the ideological modernisation of Irish trade unionism
Akademische Fest-Ouvertüre : for orchestra
Narrating war : early modern and contemporary perspectives
Overture to the opera Iphigénie en Aulide
Enslaved peoples in the 1990s : indigenous peoples, dept bondage and human rights : [a report]
OVERTURE IN E MAJOR FOR ORCHESTRA 1891
The prime numbers and their distribution
Die if you must : Brazilian Indians in the twentieth century
The Devil's tabernacle : the pagan oracles in early modern thought
The little book of bigger primes
Ouverture to Goethe's "Egmont" : Op. 84 ; edited and with foreword by Max Unger
