http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5017 naturalism
naturalism
Female representations in nineteenth-century French and Scandinavian realism and naturalism
Painting from romanticism to realism (The autonomous grand duchy)
Yhteiskunnallinen tendenssitaide = Socially tendentious art  [Summary] / Knut Berg & Oscar Thue
The vast and terrible drama : American literary naturalism in the late nineteenth century
Naturalism in Finnish art / Leena Ahtola-Moorhouse
Naturalism and Dutch painting / Maartje de Haan
Modern drama in theory and practice. Vol. 1, Realism and naturalism
Aesthetics and the embodied mind: beyond art theory and the Cartesian mind-body dichotomy
Illusions of reality : naturalist painting, photography, theatre, and cinema, 1875-1918
Changing scenes : encounters between European and Finnish fin de siècle
Symbolism and naturalism / Rodolphe Rapetti
Lehan's book provides readers with an illuminating and readable comprehensive intellectual and literary history of the major American, British, and Continental novels of Realism and Naturalism from 1850 to 1950. He offers readers a new way of reading these novels-working outward from the text to forms of historical representation. In this way, literary naturalism can be seen as a narrative mode that creates its own reality separate from that of other narrative modes. Employing this strategy, Lehan contends, readers will find a spectrum of meaning in these works that allows and encourages intertextuality-one novel talking or responding to another-for example, Zola's Nana to Dreiser's Sister Carrie or Zola's L'Assomoir to Sinclair's The Jungle. The range of novelists and sub genres is staggering-Lehan studies the gothic novel, the urban novel, the detective novel, the novel of imperial adventure, the western novel, the noir novel, and the novels of utopia and distopia.
"The book explores the representation between the political culture of early Third Republic France and the visual arts, primarily painting. The Republic had come into being in 1870, but it was only about 1880 that its politics became coherently republican. The regime, with its rhetoric of liberty, equality and fraternity, pursued policies which were secular and anti-clerical, also emphasizing its commitment to science and technology. By this time naturalism was becoming the dominant mode in contemporary intellectual life and literature. With its understanding that art of all kinds should be drawn from the everyday world, that no subject was unworthy to be treated, and a degree of flexibility in representation , naturalism was an ideal aesthetic match for republican ideology. This consensual alliance was the dominant cultural mode in early Third Republic France, found in public decorations, Salon paintings and throughout visual culture. The book also considers how some artists, aided by the liberalization of censorship in 1881, stretched the frontiers of the descriptive and added a critical edge to their work by introducing elements of caricatural style into their work. It asks whether under an ostensibly egalitarian Republic there was genuinely art produced by and for the people, not necessarily in hock to naturalist paradigms, or whether art was essentially filtered down from the upper echelons. The various ways artists stretched naturalist expectation, particularly by engaging with scientific concepts, is also assessed"--
The social history of art. Volume 4, Naturalism, Impressionism, The Film Age
Nordic art : the modern breakthrough / David Jackson
The Cambridge companion to American realism and naturalism : Howells to London
David Hockney : paintings
Truth greater than beauty : Finnish women artists shaping naturalism
Beyond impressionism : the naturalist impulse in European art 1860-1905
Axel Gallén and the constructed nation : art and nationalism in Young Finland 1880-1900 / Janne Gallen-Kallela-Sirén
Scandinavian painters : Impressionism and naturalism at the turn of the century
Differing views - the Finnish art world at the end of the 19th century / Riitta Konttinen
Czech 19th-century painting : catalogue of the permanent exhibition Convent of St. Agnes of Bohemia / Nadezda Blazícková-Horová (ed.)
Natural north : Russia and the Nordic countries / David Jackson
Beyond idealism
Painting from romanticism to realism (The autonomous grand duchy) / Bo Lindberg
Photography as illusionary aid : constructing reality / Gabriel P. Weisberg with the collaboration of Jean-François Rauzier
Chrysalis : Maria Sibylla Merian and the secrets of metamorphosis
With and against the modern : Nordic counter-images to modernity / Peter Nørgaard Larsen
Dissecting Stephen King : from the Gothic to literary naturalism
The naturalness of naturalism reconsidered
Imagining the primitive in naturalist and modernist literature
Realism and naturalism : the novel in an age of transition
Internationalism and nationalism : Nordic painters on the European stage / Per Hedström
A man's game : masculinity and the anti-aesthetics of American literary naturalism
A Concise companion to realism
Painters of reality : the legacy of Leonardo and Caravaggio in Lombardy
A sourcebook on naturalist theatre
Women's voices : female authors and feminist criticism in the Finnish literary tradition
Art in theory, 1815-1900 : an anthology of changing ideas
Naturalist themes in changing times / Gabriel P. Weisberg
Midnight
Modern drama in theory and practice. 1, Realism and naturalism
Routledge drama anthology and sourcebook : from modernism to contemporary performance
Science and religious anthropology : a spiritually evocative naturalist interpretation of human life
Theodore Dreiser : beyond naturalism
Painting in the Musée d'Orsay
The social history of art. Vol. 4, Naturalism, impressionism, the film age
The story of gardening
Art of the actual : naturalism and style in early Third Republic France, 1880-1900
True to temperament : Van Gogh and French naturalist literature / Judy Sund
Illusions of reality : naturalist painting, photography, theatre and cinema, 1875-1918 : [Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam, 8.10.2010-16.01.2011 : Ateneum Art Museum, Helsinki, 18.2.-15.5.2011] / Gabriel P. Weisberg with contributions by Edwin Becker ... [et al.] with the collaboration of Jean-François Rauzier
The urban sublime in American Literary Naturalism
Art, science, and witchcraft in early modern Holland : Jacques de Gheyn II (1565-1629)
Comparative approaches to European and Nordic modernisms
The social history of art. 4, Naturalism, impressionism, the film age
Re-reading Zola and worldwide naturalism : miscellanies in honour of Anna Gural-Migdal
Interpreting contemporary life : the critical reception / Gabriel P. Weisberg
Beyond impressionism : the naturalist impulse / Gabriel P. Weisberg
"The French Republic--with its rallying cry for liberty, equality, and fraternity--emerged in 1870, and by 1880 had developed a coherent republican ideology. The regime pursued secular policies and emphasized its commitment to science and technology. Naturalism was an ideal aesthetic match for the republican ideology; it emphasized that art should be drawn from the everyday world, that all subjects were worthy of treatment, and that there should be flexibility in representation to allow for different voices.Art of the Actual examines the use of naturalism in the 19th-century. It explores how pictures by artists such as Roll, Lhermitte, and Friant could be read as egalitarian and republican, assesses how well-known painters including Degas, Monet, and Toulouse-Lautrec situated their painting vis-à-vis the dominant naturalism, and opens up new arguments about caricatural and popular style. By illuminating the role of naturalism in a broad range of imagery in late-19th-century France, Richard Thomson provides a new interpretation of the art of the period"--
Just looking : consumer culture in Dreiser, Gissing and Zola
Sexual naturalization : Asian Americans and miscegenation
Sosial tendens-kunst = Socially tendentious art / Knut Berg & Oscar Thue
Pekka Halonen at the crossroads of Naturalism 1890-1893 / Dominique Lobstein
Scandinavian painters : impressionism and naturalism at the turn of the century
French naturalist painters : 1890-1950
Naturalism and mysticism in the art of August Strindberg. Part I.
