http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5012 critical realism
critical realism
Hannah Arendt and international relations : readings across the lines
Realism discourse and deconstruction
The politics of childhoods real and imagined. Volume 2, Practical application of critical realism and childhood studies
Modernism, post-modernism, realism : a critical perspective for art
Abstract.
Transforming economics : perspectives on the critical realist project
Critical realism : the difference it makes
An archaeology of philosophical anthropology : a reconstruction of the historical philosophical background of ethnography and consequences for nursing science
Crisis system : a critical realist and environmental critique of economics and the economy
Fifty key thinkers in international relations
Science in society
Critical realist applications in organisation and management studies
What's critical about critical realism? : essays in reconstructive social theory
Reclaiming reality : a critical introduction to contemporary philosophy
Understanding growth and non-growth in entrepreneurial economies : analysis of startup industries and experimental winner generation in Finland, Israel and Silicon Valley
Maurice Mandelbaum and American critical realism
Dictionary of critical realism
The wanderers and critical realism in nineteenth-century Russian painting
Critical realism and the social sciences : heterodox elaborations
In defence of objectivity and other essays : on realism, existentialism and politics
Understanding management research : an introduction to epistemology
Stadi-boys, crime and child protection : five case studies from six decades.
After postpositivism? : the promises of critical realism
Critical realism, post-positivism and the possibility of knowledge
Critical realism : an introduction to Roy Bhaskar's philosophy
Hegemony : a realist analysis
Realism, philosophy and social science
A search for collaboration in vocational education : enhancing self-regulated learning in a psychology course for nursing students : a critical realist-informed cognitive-behavioral monitoring applivation
Change in organization - emerging situations, character and praxis
Changing expectations and realities of employment stability : longitudinal analysis of tenures in Finland
Dialectic : the pulse of freedom
Reconstructing sociology : the critical realist approach
Explaining society : critical realism in the social sciences
After international relations : critical realism and the (re)construction of world politics
Realist ontology for futures studies
Concepts of "actions", "structure" and "power" in "critical social realism" : a positive and reconstructive critique
Ernan McMullin and critical realism in the science-theology dialogue
Naturalizing critical realist social ontology
Southern Africa, where most of these book chapters originate, has been identified as one of regions of the world most at risk of the consequences of environmental degradation and climate change. At the same time, it is still seeking ways to overcome the century long ravages of colonial and apartheid impositions of structural and epistemic violence. Research deliberations and applied research case studies in environmental education and activism from this region provide an emerging contextualized engagement that is related to a wider internationally articulated quest to achieve social-ecological justice, resilience and sustainability through educational interventions. This book introduces a decade of mainly southern African critical realist environmental education research and thinking that asks the question: "How can we facilitate learning processes that will lead to the flourishing of the Earth’s people and ecosystems in more socially just ways?" The environmental education research topics represented in this book are wide-ranging. However, they all exhibit the common theme of social justice and wanting to create change towards a better future. All the authors have used critical realist or critical realist-influenced research methodologies. Offering contributions from a small but growing community of researchers working with critical realism in the global South, this book will be of interest to students, scholars and practitioners in the areas of environmental education, sustainability, development and the philosophy of critical realism in general.
From east to west : odyssey of a soul
Critical realism : essential readings
Love in Kant : a critical analysis
Making realism work : realist social theory and empirical research
Researching student learning in higher education : a social realist approach
Childhoods, real and imagined. Volume 1, an introduction to critical realism and childhood studies
Creating business opportunities : a critical realist perspective
Critical realism and Marxism
Atheism as a belief does not have to present intellectual credentials within academia. Yet to hold beliefs means giving reasons for doing so, ones which may be found wanting. Instead, atheism is the automatic default setting within the academic world. Conversely, religious belief confronts a double standard. Religious believers are not permitted to make truth claims but are instead forced to present their beliefs as part of one language game amongst many. Religious truth claims are expected to satisfy empiricist criteria of evidence but when they fail, as they must, religious belief becomes subject to the hermeneutics of suspicion. This book explores religious experience as a justifiable reason for religious belief. It uniquely demonstrates that the three pillars of critical realism - ontological intransitivity, epistemic relativity and judgemental rationality - can be applied to religion as to any other beliefs or theories. The three authors are critical realists by philosophical position. They seek to establish a level playing field between religion and secular ideas, which has not existed in the academic world for some generations, in order for reasoned debate to be.
Christianity and critical realism : ambiguity, truth, and theological literacy
"Many contemporary concerns in higher education focus on the student experience of learning, battling with the dual concerns of a larger and much more diverse intake than ever before and the limitation of funding; questions are being asked afresh around the purposes of higher education. As much as the central questions in higher education focus on student enrolment in programmes, student retention, progression and success, graduate fitness for work, the actual student tends to be absent in so much of this rhetoric and even scholarly literature. The central questions are then of grading, selection, conversion and efficiency but these analyses have not really yielded much apart from providing some indication that the system is hugely inefficient. This book turns this conversation on its head, by inserting a full consideration of student participation into the context of higher education. Working sociologically, it explores the influence of the social context on what the individual student achieves. It utilises a social realist approach to researching student learning, illustrating its potential value by a detailed exploration of student learning within one particular discipline: engineering education "--
Abstract (German).
Education, epistemology and critical realism
New perspectives on philosophy and education
A realist theory of science
Rethinking Marxism : from Kant and Hegel to Marx and Engels
Abstract: Stadi-boys, crime and child protection : five case studies from six decades.
Transcendence : critical realism and God
Emergentist Marxism : dialectical philosophy and social theory
Exceeding our grasp : science, history, and the problem of unconceived alternatives
Reflections on meta-reality : transcendence, emancipation and everyday life
Studies on ontological and methodological foundations of critical realism in the social sciences
A critical realist perspective of education
Journal of critical realism
From science to emancipation : alienation and the actuality of enlightenment
The meaning of contemporary realism
To flourish or destruct : a personalist theory of human goods, motivations, failure, and evil
After postmodernism : an introduction to critical realism
Studying organizations using critical realism : a practical guide
Understanding growth and non-growth in entrepreneurial economies:analysis of startup industries and experimental winner generation in Finland, Israel and Silicon Valley
Fields of sense : a new realist ontology
An introduction to international relations theory : perspectives and themes
Critical realism, environmental learning, and social-ecological change
This is a topical book, featuring a good mix of up and coming scholars in International Relations theory, it fills a gap in literature on international thought. It is topical: fills a gap in literature on international thought. Contributor profile: Good mix of up and coming scholars in International Relations theory.Hannah Arendt's approach to politics focuses on action and conduct, rather than institutions, constitutions, and states. In light of Arendtian conceptions of politics, essays in this book challenge conventional IR theories.
Ontology and economics : Tony Lawson and his critics
Revitalizing causality : realism about causality in philosophy and social science
Identities and regions : exploring spatial narratives, legacies and practices with civic organizations in England and Finland
Realism and social science
