http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5016 reality
reality
Communities in cyberspace
King Arthur : a military history
Watch dogs : Wii U
Remember who you are : remember 'where' you are and where you 'come' from : remember
March. Book 1
New Heritage : New Media and Cultural Heritage
Realism and "reality" in film and media
The ecology of information work : a case study of bridging archaeological work and virtual reality based knowledge organisation
The anomalies
RESEARCH ON CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT OF AMWAY COMPANY IN CHINA
Social media is bullshit
The question of reality
The great questions of life
Five fictions in search of truth
Oracle night
Science fiction cinema : between fantasy and reality
Mobile Augmented Reality Supporting Marketing Strategies : using mobile's augmented reality-based marketing applications to promote products and services to end customers
Languages of art : an approach to a theory of symbols
Virtual goods sales : new requirements for business modelling?
Depth perception in tablet-based augmented reality at medium- and far-field distances
Brave new world
Imagewars : beyond the mask of information warfare
Widow Basquiat
Teachers' conceptions and their approaches to teaching in virtual reality and simulation-based learning environments
The aim of this thesis was to introduce the current technology that can be used in the virtual reality in education and research at Oulu University of Applied Sciences and explain the construction process of the 3D virtual laboratory to Oulu UAS. The secondary goal was to explain the basic elements that are needed in order to create content in virtual environment and give the basic knowledge for the faculty and students of Oulu UAS of the virtual reality possibilities and equipment that are in use at Oulu UAS. In this thesis some of the various aspects of a virtual reality hardware and software are analysed in a relation to human senses and the human factors affecting it are explained, since the basic understanding of some aspects of the human physiological and psychological characteristics is required in order to comprehend the virtual reality technology implementation requirements in both the software and hardware. The sources used in this thesis were selected with the criteria how relevant they were in relation to each subject under consideration. The majority of the chosen sources are commonly distinguished and sources without a proper scientific background were avoided as much as possible. In conclusion the results of the construction of Oulu UAS 3D virtual laboratory and the proposals how maintain and improve the competence for the virtual reality use at Oulu UAS are presented.
Appereance and reality : a philosophical investigation into perception and perceptual qualities
Cybercash : the coming era of electronic money
Postmodernity and mobile communications
Abstract.
Meaning and knowledge : systematic readings in epistemology
Our mathematical universe : my quest for the ultimate nature of reality
The spy : a novel
Wolfgang Pauli's conception of reality
The production of reality : essays and readings on social interaction
Get real : a philosophical adventure in virtual reality
Reality and its appearance
3D Content Capturing and Reconstruction Using Microsoft Kinect Depth Camera
I discuss the possible future creation of single log-in point and single avatar for multiple virtual worlds for entertainment and business purposes. I also found suggestions for further research topics, such as virtual shopping malls with multiple linked virtual shops.
Mad travellers : reflections on the reality of transient mental illnesses
Occupy me
The Circle
Exploring reality
Infinite ground
The symbolic construction of reality : the legacy of Ernst Cassirer
Filming : a love story
Conquest of abundance : a tale of abstraction versus the richness of being
Narrative and reality
Possibility and actuality
A mind-bending, relentlessly paced science-fiction thriller, in which an ordinary man is kidnapped, knocked unconscious--and awakens in a world inexplicably different from the reality he thought he knew.
Augmented reality
The philosophy of Michael Dummett
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
Lived images : mediations in experience, life-world and I-hood
The longshot
Off the page
Evidence against a correlation between ease of use and actual use of a device in a walk-in virtual environment
Developing an augmented reality environment to encourage physical exercise
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
Identity problems in the Facebook era
Is that a fact? : frauds, quacks, and the real science of everyday life
Watch dogs : Xbox One
The strange maid
The quest for reality : Bohr and Wittgenstein : two complementary views
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Self and world in Schopenhauer's philosophy
Augmented Reality
Practical augmented reality : a guide to the technologies, applications, and human factors for Ar and Vr
Development of an Interactive 3-D Virtual Environment Test Bed For Motorbikes
Pokémon Go! : the ultimate unauthorized guide
Virtual worlds & social interaction design
The construction of the real and the ideal in the ancient novel
Enhancing tourism with augmented and virtual reality
Circling the sun : a novel
This encyclopedia of virtual communities and technologies provides a much needed integrated overview of all the critical concepts, technologies and issues in the area of virtual communities.
Appearance and reality : a philosophical investigation into perception and perceptual qualities
The holographic universe
An introduction to cybercultures
Advances in augmented reality technologies
How fantasy becomes reality : seeing through media influence
"A novel of Mata Hari's final days, as written by the woman herself while accused of espionage" --
Managing global virtual teams
On the borders of being and knowing : late scholastic theory of supertranscendental being
An ontology for social reality
Model Zero : why you are obsolete at almost every level and live largely in fiction
Stories, pictures, and reality : two children tell
Willing suspension of disbelief : poetic faith in film
Collada importer for realXtend
The heroines : a novel
Does the world exist? : plurisignificant ciphering of reality
Here's looking at you : Hollywood, film & politics
Meaning, mind, and knowledge
Hannah Arendt : practice, thought and judgement
Moral Realism is a systematic defence of the idea that there are objective moral standards. In the tradition of Plato and G. E. Moore, Russ Shafer-Landau argues that there are moral principles that are true independently of what anyone, anywhere, happens to think of them. These principles are a fundamental aspect of reality, just as much as those that govern mathematics or the natural world. They may be true regardless of our ability to grasp them, and their truth is not a matter of their being ratified from any ideal standpoint, nor of being the object of actual or hypothetical consensus, nor of being an expression of our rational nature. Shafer-Landau accepts Plato's and Moore's contention that moral truths are sui generis. He rejects the currently popular efforts to conceive of ethics as a kind of science, and insists that moral truths and properties occupy a distinctive area in our ontology. Unlike scientific truths, the fundamental moral principles are knowable a priori. And unlike mathematical truths, they are essentially normative: intrinsically action-guiding, and supplying a justification for all who follow their counsel.Moral Realism is the first comprehensive treatise defending non-naturalistic moral realism in over a generation. It ranges over all of the central issues in contemporary metaethics, and will be an important source of discussion for philosophers and their students interested in issues concerning the foundations of ethics.
Ideas pertaining to a pure phenomenology and to a phenomenological philosophy. 1. book, General introduction to a pure phenomenology
Human brains and virtual realities : computer-generated presence in theory and practice
In a post-apocalyptic world where everyone wears Non-Contact suits to survive and where you can never touch another person directly, Cal and Jenna have formed a football team. Not virtual - real football, with real contact. But Jenna's horrible twin Jacob is suspicious and it looks like they're headed for disaster...Can the team reach out to Jacob and convince him that making contact is also what makes us feel alive / WorldCat.
Virtually face to face : enriching collaborative learning through multiplayer games
Hegel's science of logic. Volume 1
Escape into non-fiction
From Notting Hill with love... actually
Serious games and virtual worlds in education, professional development, and healthcare
The lathe of heaven
Pictures as arguments
The other half of me
Meatspace
Creating and evaluating embodied interactive experiences : case studies of full-body, sonic and tactile enaction
Explaining users' critical incidents of physical mobile interactions
Philosophy : A discovery in comics
Simulation and social theory
Leibniz on primitive concepts and conceiving reality
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology  in education field
Enhancing telepresence with mobile virtual proxies
Criminal and offensive behavior involving multiuser virtual worlds
E-commerce in immersive virtual worlds : case: Second Life
Dead Rock, Texas, 2037. Raleigh Williams made a promise to his brother before he died, that he’d scatter his ashes on Mars. Desperate to leave a life of bad memories behind and start over in the Martian colony, Raleigh fully intends to keep that promise. But his plans are thwarted when a meteor near-misses him in the desert, and Raleigh finds in its crater not debris or even a spacecraft, but a man covered in swirling scars and with no memory of who he is. At least he looks like a man—a man Raleigh can’t seem to keep his eyes off of—but whenever they touch it ignites a memory swap between them.  Raleigh agrees to help Meteor Man piece together his life through their cosmic connection. But the memory share goes both ways, and Raleigh becomes inexplicably entangled with a guy who is everything he needs—everything good that Raleigh is not—but might not even be human. As their minds and worlds collide, reality unravels and Raleigh must face a painful truth, one that could shatter his dreams of finding love, reaching Mars, and fulfilling his brother’s last wish.
The rational imagination : how people create alternatives to reality
The prose of Sasha Sokolov : reflections on/of the real
Doubting vision : film and the revelationist tradition
The invented reality : how do we know, what we believe we know? : contributions to constructivism
Image vs. Reality in a Receptionist's Job
Pojo's unofficial ultimate guide to Pokémon GO : how to catch 'em all!
Kafka on the shore
Problems analysis and solutions for the establishment of augmented reality technology in maintenance and education
Simulacra and simulation
The home corner
Perfect daughter
Tales from the time loop : the most comprehensive exposé of the global conspiracy ever written and all you need to know to be truly free
The reality of meaning & the meaning of 'reality'
Watch dogs 2 : Xbox One
Sleepyheads
Menolly, an acrobat-turned-vampire and operative for the Otherworld Intelligence Agency, must finally confront her sire, Dredge, who, in partnership with the demon Shadow Wing, is turning humans into newborn vampires.
Points of view
Towards a rogue reality : Kant to Freud, and beyond
Time and reality
The dark
The limits of realism
Immersion revisited : a review of existing definitions of immersion and their relation to different theories of presence
Time and modes of being
Watch dogs : PlayStation 4
The construction of reality
Writing the book of the world
A man lies dreaming
Pokémon, gotta catch 'em all! : official guide to legendary and mythical Pokémon
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology in education field
In Is that a fact? Dr. Joe Schwarcz helps you separate fact from fiction amid the storm of misinformation that today's media throws at us. Dr. Joe questions the reliability and the motives of "experts" in this engaging and critical look at what's fact and what's plain nonsense when it comes to deciding what to eat, what chemicals to avoid, and what's best for the environment.
The future of God : a practical approach to spirituality for our times
Realism and quantum physics
Knowledge sharing in virtual teams : action research
Shares facts on over seven hundred Pokemon and includes information on the new Kalos characters and the Mega Evolved Pokemon.
The core of the sun
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Being virtual : who you really are online
The theory of descriptions : Russell and the philosophy of language
A momentary lapse of reason : politological overlook of cyberspace
The hidden reality : parallel universes and the deep laws of the cosmos
The development of Plato's ethics
The art of scandal : modernism, libel law, and the roman à clef
The metaphysics of scientific realism
The lost sun
The Matrix: unlocked : an unauthorised review of the Matrix phenomenon
The construction of social reality
Reality therapy in action
Fact, fiction, and fantasy in childhood
The top technologies every librarian needs to know
Dialogue in the crisis of representation : realism and antirealism in the context of the conversation between theologians and quantum physicists in Göttingen 1949-1961
We'll always have Paris : trying and failing to be French
Oedipus and the Sphinx : the threshold myth from Sophocles through Freud to Cocteau
The prison of perspective
Collected works. Vol. 3, Ideas pertaining to a pure phenomenology and to a phenomenological philosophy, 2nd book : Studies in the phenomenology of constitution
Experience and veridical space perception : an ecological experiment
Virtual worlds, fiction and reality
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Rites of realism : essays on corporeal cinema
Whitehead's theory of reality
The reality of ethnomethodology
The city and the city
Insect optomotor experiments in the dark using virtual reality
Starbook : a magical tale of love and regeneration
Abstract: Hannah Arendt's storytelling: an approach to the understanding contingency.
Heaven and hell
Designing projected user interfaces as assistive technology for the elderly
Making sense of reality : culture and perception in everyday life
Shovel ready
The eye of minds
Between shades of gray
Kidding ourselves : the hidden power of self-deception
Missing links : arts, religion and reality
Reflections on meta-reality : transcendence, emancipation and everyday life
Virtual Reality Technology and its implementations at Oulu University of Applied Sciences : construction of 3D virtual laboratory
The term immersion continues to be applied inconsistently within and across different fields of research connected with the study of virtual reality and interactive media. Moreover, immersion is oftentimes used interchangeably with the terms presence and engagement. This article details a review of existing definitions of immersion originating within the study of video games, virtual environments, and literary works of fiction. Based on this review, a three-dimensional taxonomy of the various conceptualizations of immersion is proposed. That is, the existing definitions of immersion may be broadly divided into three categories, each representing a dimension of the taxonomy: immersion as a property of a system, a subjective response to narrative contents, or a subjective response to challenges within the virtual environment. Finally, four distinct theories of presence are introduced and, based on the established taxonomy, we discuss how the individual theories relate to existing definitions of immersion.
The unofficial Pokémon Go field guide : by Ivy St. Ive
Mozart's sister
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
Veil of fire : a novel
Obscenity, anarchy, reality
Knowledge and decisions
This book summarizes almost 50 years of research and development in the field of Augmented Reality (AR). From early research in the 1960's until widespread availability by the 2010's there has been steady progress towards the goal of being able to seamlessly combine real and virtual worlds. The book provides an overview of the common definitions of AR, and shows how AR fits into taxonomies of other related technologies. A history of important milestones in Augmented Reality is followed by sections on the key enabling technologies of tracking, display and input devices. There is also a review design guidelines and some examples of successful AR applications. Finally, it concludes with a summary of directions for future work and a review of some of the areas that are currently being researched.
Modeling a Route Selection in the Virtual World
The commissioner of this thesis is a company called CubiCasa. The reason for this thesis was the interest of CubiCasa on 3 different segments. The segments were AR/VR, home decoration and real estate business. The commissioner wanted to find out if it is profitable for the company to go and target these different segments. On these segments they also defined 4 different companies: InsiteVR, Augmented Pixels, CoContest and Zillow. Of these companies they wanted more information and if they should go and sell their products to them. Most of the used material were from the internet sources. Theory part of this thesis were gathered from books. Most of the segments were found to not be profitable for CubiCasa to sell their products to at this time. The company operating in real estate business, Zillow, is the most relevant ones from these companies and segments because of the technology of CubiCasa and their production process. But even in the case of Zillow CubiCasa still have to wait until they have managed to create an almost fully automated production process on the floor plans.
Design principles of educational virtual worlds for preschool children : a case study of JumpStart World Kindergarten's pedagogical methods
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
Invasion of the Overworld
Mimesis : the representation of reality in Western literature
Augmented virtuality:transforming real human activity into virtual environments
Trouble In Zombie-Town
Proceedings of the ARea 14 workshop on interaction and user experience design for future mixed reality spaces
Encyclopedia of Virtual Communities and Technologies
Reality, spirituality and modern man
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
The green house : a novel
Symposium on the Foundations of Modern Physics 1990 : 13-17 August 1990, Joensuu, Finland : discussion sections
Elric of Melniboné
Pokemon deluxe essential handbook : the need-to-know stats and facts on over 700 Pokemon
Surface Reconstruction of Point Clouds Captured with Microsoft Kinect
Reproducing reality : perception and quality in immersive audiovisual environments
The social construction of reality : a treatise in the sociology of knowledge
Nicolai Hartmann's Possibility and Actuality is a landmark work of modal analysis that describes the logical relations between possibility, actuality, and necessity. It deals with such questions as: How do we know that something is really possible? Is the possible only the actual? Is the actual only the possible? What is the difference between ideal and real possibility? Hartmann reviews the history of philosophical concepts of possibility and necessity, from ancient Megarian philosophy to Aristotle, to Medieval Scholasticism, to Leibniz, Kant, and Hegel. This German-to-English translation enables readers to gain new and fresh insight into Hartmann's important contributions to ontology and the metaphysics of modality.
The neurological boundaries of reality
Researching segments of interest for CubiCasa
Eagles at war
Invisible guests : the development of imaginal dialogues
Donald Davidson : meaning, truth, language, and reality
Multiple Connections in RealXtend Architecture
On-line flatness measurement of large steel plates using moiré topography
Why are some companies more succesful than others? : An exploration into organizational culture and dynamic capabilities
Hegel's science of logic. Volume 2
A survey of augmented reality
The heart of man
Acting - Life
Under the never sky
The reality of film : theories of filmic reality
Thought and reality
Watch dogs 2 :  PlayStation 4
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
My friend Dahmer : a graphic novel
Reality and allegory in the Odyssey
That's why
In both science and philosophy, the twentieth century saw a radical breakdown of certainty in the human worldview, as quantum uncertainty and linguistic ambiguity destroyed the comfortable certitudes of the past. As these disciplines form the foundation for a human position in the world, a major epistemological reorganization had to take place. In this book, quantum theorist Stig Stenholm presents Bohr and Wittgenstein, in physics and in philosophy, as central figures representing this revision. Each of them took up the challenge of replacing apparent order and certainty with a provisional understanding based on limited concepts in constant flux. Stenholm concludes that the modern synthesis created by their heirs is far from satisfactory, and the story is so far an unfinished one. The book will appeal to any researcher in either discipline curious about the foundation of modern science, and works to provoke a renewal of discussion, and the eventual emergence of a reformed clarity and understanding.
Briony Hatch : a graphic novel
That's why!
