http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5013 surrealism
surrealism
The inflatable woman
Art and architecture of the 20th century
Surrealists : the art of
What is surrealism? : selected writings / André Breton ; edited and introduced by Franklin Rosemont
Matti Värttö *27.10.1948 †22.1.2011 : sein Leben für die Kunst = his life for art = hänen elämänsä taiteelle
Marcel Duchamp
The troll king
Self-reference ENGINE
The Dedalus book of surrealism. 2.
Dali and surrealism
The hundred headless woman
Mirror, black mirror
Surrealist art and thought in the 1930's : art, politics, and the psyche
Disavowals or cancelled confessions
Modern art : impressionism to post-modernism
Surrealist painters and poets : an anthology / edited by Mary Ann Caws
Congress of the animals
Max Ernst collages : the invention of the Surrealist universe
Photography year. 1974/75
Dada and surrealist art
Encyclopædia Acephalica : comprising the critical dictionary & related texts
Surrealism  : Genesis of revolution
The tin drum
The Age of gold : surrealist cinema
History of modern art : painting, sculpture, architecture, photography
Marcel Duchamp, appearance stripped bare
Dada and surrealist film
Paul Nash
Phaidon encyclopedia of surrealism
Art historian and curator Dawn Ades is a leading voice on Dada, Surrealist, Abstract and Latin American art. This volume collects her essays for the first time, highlighting her passionate voice across time periods and artist movements. Arranged thematically, this collection of essays represents the breadth of Dawn Ades's critical and curatorial interests, ranging from avant-garde poster design to the representation of the female in Mexico, but with an overarching foundation in abstraction, identity and the influence of new media.
Dada and surrealism
Dalí : the centenary retrospective
Autobiography of a corpse
Surrealist art
Collections take the night train / Raisa Laurila-Hakulinen
Dalí by Baudoin
Architecture and surrealism : a blistering romance
Surrealism : surrealist visuality / ed. by Silvano Levy                                  Surrealism : surrealist visuality / edited by Silvano Levy
Historical dictionary of surrealism
The last days of new Paris : a novella
Surrealist poetry in English
Figures of desire : a theory and analysis of surrealist film
Surrealist painting
The concise encyclopedia of Surrealism
Two former predator drone operators face insurgency and insanity on the Las Vegas Strip in the surreal surroundings of the world's first terrorism-themed hotel!
The extraordinary adventure of the dawn of the 20th century : From impressionism to the school of paris : From renoir to picasso
Paul Delvaux : surrealizing the nude
Going bovine
Shifu, you'll do anything for a laugh
Surrealism / edited by Mary Ann Caws
Women artists and the surrealist movement
Fantastic painters
Panorama of world art : Art of the twentieth ..
Surrealist drawings
A companion to Dada and Surrealism
The history of surrealist painting / by Marcel Jean ; with the collaboration of Arpad Mezei
City gorged with dreams : surrealism and documentary photography in interwar Paris
Surrealism
Salvador Dalí : the early years
The shadow and its shadow : surrealist writings on the cinema
Surrealism and modernism from the collection of the Wadsworth Atheneum
Neo Rauch : para
Journey into dream and the night : on the history and principles of Surrealism / Ulla Vihanta
Fantastic painters : with 40 colour plates
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
The portable Magritte
Mark Rothko : 1903-1970
Photography year. 1977/78
Communicating Vessels
Salvador Dali 1904-1989. vol. 2, 1946-1989: the paintings
Fantastic art
Psychedelic art / Robert E. L. Masters & Jean Houston
Surrealism and architecture
Surrealism / Patrick Waldberg
Stereo ; Crimes of the future
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing and sculpture. 8. Modern art : from fauvism to abstract expressionism
Surrealism and the politics of Eros, 1938-1968 / Alyce Mahon
Duchamp & Co
The little book of Dalí
Dawn Ades : writings on art and anti-art
Dada and Surrealist film
Modern art : volume 1 : 1870-1944
My goat ate its own legs : 30 tales of varying lengths for adults
From surrealism to orientalism : the influence of Arabia on the work of an artist
Angels of anarchy : women artists and surrealism
Picasso : the blue and rose periods
THE SURREALISTS
A short survey of surrealism
"Camilla d'Errico is a powerful voice in pop surrealism, her work combining diverse influences in imagery both singular and hauntingly familiar. Compelling and deeply personal, "Helmetgirls" documents Camilla's art and lifestyle brand that fuses manga, steampunk, and fine art into an original and meaningful aggregate. Gargantuan biomechanical headgear adorns beautiful, wide-eyed, and seemingly fragile girls. More than just decoration, the helmets express each girl's character, needs, and desires. Look deeply into the Helmetgirls' eyes - they have a story to tell."--Publisher.
After me comes the flood
The world of Salvador Dali
Max Ernst : Dada and the dawn of surrealism
The real world of the surrealists
Investigating sex : surrealist research 1928-1932
Jean Tinguely : life and work
Age of surrealism
The extraordinary journey of the fakir who got trapped in an Ikea wardrobe
The surrealist mode in Spanish literature : an interpretation of basic trends from post-romanticism to the Spanish vanguard
The post-avant-garde : change, inluence and patterns of practice in Finnish painting of the 1980s
From Baudelaire to surrealism
Benign icons : Patrick Woodroffe's world
Surrealismus und Wahnsinn : Surrealism and madness
The artist in his studio
The hearing trumpet
Helmetgirls : the art of Camilla d'Errico volume 2
The philosophy of surrealism
Surrealist art : the Lindy and Edwin Bergman collection at the Art Institute of Chicago
Rainbow children : the art of Camilla d'Errico
Writing in context = L'écriture en contexte : French literature, theory and the avant gardes = littérature, théorie et avant-gardes françaises au XXe siècle
Fish-head Steve
Max Ernst : beyond surrealism : a retrospective of the artist's books and prints
Mirror images : women, surrealism, and self-representation
The Surrealists : with 108 plates, 104 in full colour
Surrealism : the dream of revolution
Pop surrealism : the rise of underground art
The last days of new Paris
Dalí : the impresario of surrealism
Languages of surrealism
Surrealism / Yves Duplessis
The Hearing Trumpet is the story of 92-year-old Marian Leatherby, who is given the gift of a hearing trumpet only to discover that what her family is saying is that she is to be committed to an institution. But this is an institution where the buildings are shaped like birthday cakes and igloos, where the Winking Abbess and the Queen Bee reign, and where the gateway to the underworld is open. It is also the scene of a mysterious murder. Occult twin to Alice in Wonderland, The Hearing Trumpet is a classic of fantastic literature that has been translated and celebrated throughout the world.
CivilWarLand in bad decline : stories and a novella
Dada's boys : masculinity after Duchamp
SURREALISMI : TAIDEKESKUS RETRETTI, 16.5-13.9.1987 : RETRETTI ART CENTRE, 16.5-13.9.1987 = SURREALISM
A Surrealist bomb transfigures war-torn Paris into a phantasmagoric dreamscape, unleashing a race of nightmarish creatures.
Marcel Duchamp : a game of chess
Surrealism : the road to the absolute
The devil's plaything : American surrealism
Stereo ; Crimes of the Future
Surrealism against the current : tracts and declarations
The history of surrealism
Surrealism and the book
Finch
Drawing surrealism
Max Ernst : life and work
Mati & the music : 52 record covers = portadas de discos, 1955/2005 : a book about = un libro sobre Mati Klarwein
What is surrealism? : selected writings
The Arcimboldo effect : transformation of the face from the sixteenth to the twentieth century
