http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p502 domestic animals
domestic animals
Domestic animal behavior : causes and implications for animal care and management
Influence of pre partum and post partum plane of nutrition on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their progeny
Horses and ponies
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Genetic parameters for growth traits in pigs estimated using third degree polynomial functions
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2010.
It's so unfair!
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
An ensiling experiment was conducted to assess the possibility for increasing the selenium content in grass silage by using a selenium-enriched silage additive, and to determine possible changes in the form of selenium during ensiling. Prewilted and precision-chopped silage was prepared from the second cut of timothy - meadow fescue sward in southern Finland. The additive treatments (6 g kg-1) were: control without additive, water containing 50 mg sodium selenate kg-1, and formic acid-based additive containing 10, 50 or 500 mg sodium selenate kg-1. The selenium content of the control silage was low (0.069 mg kg-1 dry matter) whereas the selenium content of the other silages was in line with the dose level of selenium delivered in the additive. The added selenate was detected only as selenate in the silages. Addition of sodium selenate to silage additive provided a controlled way to add selenium to the diet of forage-fed animals.
Contribution of livestock to food production in developing countries
Baby farm animals
Functional Anatomy and Physiology of Domestic Animals
This study estimated the possibilities of reducing costs and improving input use in a sample of Swedish farms specialising in beef production. Input use efficiency was measured in a multi-output, multi-input function distance function analysis, covering the period 2008-2011. For comparison, both the classical radial and the generalised non-parametric approach were used. The results revealed that on average, costs could be decreased by 20%. Both models constructed frontiers where: i) the rankings of farms according to efficiency were positively and highly correlated and ii) the size and the significance of the parameter estimates were similar. Input-saving technologies were found to be positively influenced by livestock density, pasture availability and the use of coupled income support. Larger farms, farms with higher specialisation in beef cattle, farms with a larger number of animals older than 2 years, farms converting to organic production, farms located in less favoured areas and farms located in regions with a shorter grazing period were found be less efficient.
Toxicology of nivalenol in farm animals, and methods of its production and analysis
Come on everybody, time to play!
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) in laying hen diets
The effect of housing on the diurnal behavioural profile of beef heifers
Higgledy piggledy : the hen who loved to dance
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
A squash and a squeeze
Effects of copper glycine chelate on liver and faecal mineral concentrations, and blood parameters in broilers
European dictionary of domesticated and utilised animals : a first prototype developed within the European Network for Biodiversity Information
Farmer George and the lost chick
The study was conducted to evaluate an appropriate inclusion level of white-flowered semi-leafless green spring peas in diets for laying hens. Egg production and egg quality variables (specific weight, Haugh unit, shell strenght) were determined with 576 hens in a 52-week feeding experiment, which comprised of three feeding phases. The hens were offered one of the four cereal and soybean meal (SBM) based experimental diets. Peas were tested in proportions of 0, 100, 200 or 300 g kg-1 in the diet. Pea inclusion had no effects on production performance, feed consumption or feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the hens during the entire trial. The pea inclusion impaired FCR during the second feeding phase (p < 0.05) and increased birds' live weight in a linear manner during the second and the third feeding phases (p < 0.05). Pea inclusion had no effects on egg quality. It can be concluded that at least 300 g kg-1 of the studied peas can be used in the diets of laying hens without negative effects on production performance or egg quality.
Ek krshak pathamsa = Farmer duck
Applied animal behaviour : past, present and future : proceedings of the international congress Edinburh 1991
Do unto animals : a friendly guide to how animals live, and how we can make their lives better
Reproduction in farm animals
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2004.
Sheep
Programme document for farm animal genetic resources in Asia
Private regulation of value chains in Finnish pork industry : how private regulation schemes are used and could be used to ensure quality
My first book of farm animals
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
World livestock 2013 : changing disease landscapes
A mouse model for improving cell survival of bisected cattle embryos
Watership Down
Direct energy (electricity and heating) consumption was measured from one broiler house in southern Finland. CO2 emissions were also calculated. Six broiler flocks were reared per year with an average of 26 000 birds per flock. Heating constituted the major energy input, averaging 1.3 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. It varied greatly between seasons and was highest during the cold period. Using renewable energy for heating remarkably reduces CO2 emissions compared to fossil energy. Electricity consumption averaged 0.08 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. The greatest energy saving potential can be found in heating. CO2 emissions can be lowered to similar levels as in warmer countries by using biofuels for heating. Ventilation control is one possibility for direct energy savings in broiler production. Feed production is one of the key elements when total energy consumption is considered.
Long distance transport and welfare of farm animals
Animal health : livestock and pets
What's coming for Christmas?
What the ladybird heard
Dukes' physiology of domestic animals
Old Macdonald's things that go
Never say boo to a goose!
Annual and seasonal changes in production and composition of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
Animal rights
Milk : the mammary gland and its secretion. Vol. 1
Journal of dairy science
On the farm
This study was conducted to examine the performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation when compared to a grass silage-based diet. A feeding experiment comprised 36 bulls which were fed a total mixed ration ad libitum. The four dietary treatments were: 1) grass silage (600 g kg-1 dry matter) and rolled barley (400), 2) whole-crop barley silage (600) and rolled barley (400), 3) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (310) and rapeseed meal-based protein supplementation (90), and 4) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (330) and rapeseed meal + urea -based protein supplementation (70). Replacing grass silage with whole-crop barley decreased the carcass gain and carcass weight of the bulls due to lower energy intake. Protein supplementation either as rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal + urea of whole-crop barley silage based diets had no effects on animal performance.
Finnsheep is one of the most prolific sheep breeds in the world. We sequenced RNA-Seq libraries from the ovaries of Finnsheep ewes collected during out of season breeding period at about 30X sequence coverage. A total of 86 966 348 and 105 587 994 reads from two samples were mapped against latest available ovine reference genome (Oarv3.1). The transcriptome assembly revealed 14 870 known ovine genes, including the 15 candidate genes for fertility and out-of-season breeding. In this study we successfully used our bioinformatics pipeline to assemble the first ovarian transcriptome of Finnsheep.
Audrey (cow) : an oral account of a most daring escape, based more or less on a true story
We visit the farm : Reproductions of antique dimensional pictures by Ernest Nister
Domestic animals and stability in pre-state farming societies
The anatomy of the domestic animals
The domestic rabbit
There's a cow in the cabbage patch
Electronic identification, monitoring, and tracking of animals
Histological classification of epithelial and melanocytic tumors of the skin of domestic animals
Lily gets lost!
Look around
Estimates of genetic parameters of trotting performance traits for repeated annual records
Mason`s world dictionary of livestock breeds, types and varieties
Alice's birthday pig
Daisy and the Beastie
The connection between on-farm assessed welfare (A-index) and production parameters of the sows
A comparison of purebred Holstein-Friesian and Holstein-Friesian × beef breed bulls for beef production and carcass traits
Physical properties of synthetic bedding materials for free-stall dairy cow
Wright's veterinary obstetrics : including diseases of reproduction
Field guide to large animal internal medicine
Fox on the loose!
Animal genetic resources of the USSR
Management and welfare of farm animals : UFAW farm handbook
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Effects of grass-red clover silage digestibility and concentrate protein concentration on performance, carcass value, eating quality and economy of finishing Hereford bulls reared in cold conditions
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2001.
A practical guide to the feeding of organic farm animals : pigs, poultry, cattle, sheep and goats
Genetic analysis of foal and studbook traits in selection for racing performance in trotters
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2007.
Non-surgical transfer of 4',6'-diamidino-2-phenylindole-stained equine embryos
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2008.
Betty O'Barley and Harry O'Hay invite you to... the best wedding ever, the best wedding yet, the wedding that no one will ever forget!
Veterinary hematology : atlas of common domestic species
Feeding levels during the growing phase affect the production of primiparous Finnish Landrace ewes
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2000.
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
Vitamin tolerance of animals
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2006.
Animal sciences : the biology, care, and production of domestic animals
Reproduction in domestic animals
Applied veterinary anatomy
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
I love ponies : a first pony guide
Hammond's farm animals
Optimization of the current breeding scheme for blue fox
Efficient livestock handling : the practical application of animal welfare and behavioral science
Spot's noisy farm
Transcriptome profiling of Finnsheep ovaries during out-of-season breeding period
Redesigning animal agriculture : the challenge of the 21st century
Maternal investment in semi-domesticated reindeer (Rangifer t. tarandus L.)
Legume seeds and rapeseed press cake as substitutes for soybean meal in sow and piglet feed
Where are my lambs?
The age of the horse : an equine journey through human history
Animals at the farm = Animales de la granja
Finnish embryo transfer breeding program "ASMO" : description of the goals and a summary of the results of initial selection
Farm animals : husbandry, behavior and veterinary practice (Viewpoints of a critic)
Input saving possibilities and practices contributing to more efficient beef production in Sweden
The objective of this study was to determine beef production traits of purebred Holstein-Friesian (Hol) and Hol×beef breed crossbred bulls. The data collected from slaughterhouses included observations of 87323 purebred Hol, 783 Hol×Aberdeen angus (Hol×Ab), 621 Hol×Blonde d'Aquitaine (Hol×Ba), 562 Hol×Charolais (Hol×Ch), 349 Hol×Hereford (Hol×Hf), 1691 Hol×Limousin (Hol×Li) and 570 Hol×Simmental (Hol×Si) bulls. For estimating valuable cuttings also a separate dataset was collected and included observations of 8806 purebred Hol, 57 Hol×Ab, 29 Hol×Ba, 22 Hol×Ch, 15 Hol×Hf, 111 Hol×Li and 58 Hol×Si bulls. Crossbreeding Hol cows with late maturing breeds (Ba, Ch, Li, Si) had favorable effects on carcass gain, conformation and proportion of high value joints of the progeny when compared to purebred Hol bulls. No advantages in proportion of valuable cuttings seemed to be obtained by crossbreeding with Ab or Hf breeds, while the improvements in gain and conformation were intermediate compared to the late maturing crossbreds.
Histological classification of mesenchymal tumors of skin and soft tissues of domestic animals. compiled and reviewed by M. J. Hendrick ... [et al.]
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
The possibility of replacing soybean meal with mixtures of rapeseed press cake (RPC) and legume seeds in sow and piglet diets was evaluated in an experiment on 30 sows and their progeny. Group I (control) received standard feed mixture containing soybean meal as the main protein source, group II - RPC mixed with fodder pea, group III - field bean, group IV - blue lupine, group V - yellow lupine. Weaned piglets received mixtures containing RPC and legume mixtures. Considerable differences were found in amino acid composition of proteins. Differences in the apparent digestibility of essential nutrients were statistically insignificant. Sows fed with field bean and yellow lupine gave birth to heaviest piglets. After weaning piglets receiving field bean were characterized by the best weight gains. It is concluded that mixing rapeseed cake with legume seeds allows for the complete replacement of soybean meal in sow diets and for partial replacement in piglet diets.
Animal health : health, disease and welfare of farm livestock
Hagan and Bruner's infectious diseases of domestic animals : with reference to etiology, pathogenicity, immunity, epidemiology, diagnosis and biologic therapy
The behavior of domestic animals
Mr Betts and Mr Potts
On the farm : our holiday with uncle Kev
Guide for the care and use of agricultural animals in agricultural research and teaching
Color atlas of large animal applied anatomy
Hushabye Lily
Urine crystals in domestic animals : a laboratory identification guide
Anatomy and physiology of farm animals
Feeding weaned piglets and growing-finishing pigs with diets based on mainly home-grown organic feedstuffs
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2005.
The cow that laid an egg
The sheep won't sleep
Welcome to Silver Street farm
Ayrshire world conference : Lahti, August 2-9, 1972
Livestock handling and transport
Plant communities of field boundaries in Finnish farmland
A history of domesticated animals
Farmer Dale's red pickup truck
Molecular characterisation of genetic resources in cattle and sheep for preserving breeding options
Histological classification of tumors of the respiratory system of domestic animals
Lily gets lost
The scarecrows' wedding
Histological classification of tumors of the nervous system of domestic animals
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2002.
Manure nutrient content in the Baltic Sea countries
Farm animal welfare : social, bioethical, and research issues
The aim of the study was to determine the influence of Cu-glycine chelate on the chemical composition of the liver and blood parameters of broiler chickens. A total of 250 one-day-old Ross 308 male chicks were allotted into 5 groups with 5 replicates of 10 birds each. Rearing of birds lasted 42 days. In the experiment Cu was added to the premix in the form of CuSO4 (16 mg, 8 mg Cu), and in the form of Cu glycine chelate (16 mg, 8 mg, 4 mg Cu). The parameters in the chickens' blood remained within the range of physiological norms when lower levels of the analyzed elements were added. Adding lower levels of Cu (8 or 4 mg·kg-1) in comparison with the recommended doses (16 mg·kg-1) for broilers, in the form of highly assimilable organic sources, did not reduce the content of minerals Cu, Fe, and Zn in the chickens' liver, but reduced the faecal Fe, Cu and Zn concentrations compared to CuSO4.
Effect of feeding level and diet type on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their calves
Farmyard tales : from far and wide
The little rabbit who liked to say moo
The allergy and asthma protective effects of farm environment and pet animals : the role of immunomodulation
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2003.
Nutrition of animals of agricultural importance. Part 1, The science of nutrition of farm livestock
Domestication : the decline of environmental appreciation
Nutrition of animals of agricultural importance. Part 2, Assessment of and factors affecting requirements of farm livestock
The anatomy of the domestic animals. 3, The circulatory system, the skin and the cutaneous organs of the domestic mammals
Chilean journal of agricultural research
The professional handbook of the donkey
Direct energy consumption and CO2 emissions in a Finnish broiler house - a case study
Rabbit behaviour, health and care
Poultry international : production, prosessing and marketing worldwide
Food animal retroviruses
My first book of the farm
Selenium supplementation by addition of sodium selenate with silage additive
Noddy and the farmyard muddle
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Principles and practice of feeding dairy cows
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2009.
The key elements for genetic response in Finnish dairy cattle breeding
Structure and function of domestic animals
Performance of growing and finishing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation relative to a grass silage-based diet
The old woman who loved to read
Sustainability - a challenge to animal production and breeding
The aim of the present experiment was to study the effects of (1) digestibility of grass-red clover silage (GCS) and (2) concentrate protein concentration on the performance, eating quality and economy of Hereford bulls during a six months pre-slaughter period, and reared in cold indoor facilities. Thirtyone bulls with an initial live weight (LW) of 289 kg were selected for a 2 x 2 factorial design experiment consisting of two primary growth GCSs harvested at different maturities (in vitro digestible organic matter (OM) in dry matter (DM), D value: Early-cut, E, 750 g kg⁻¹ DM; Late-cut, L, 699 g kg⁻¹ DM) and two concentrate crude protein concentrations (Medium, M, 170 g kg⁻¹ DM; High, H, 210 g kg⁻¹ DM). The concentrate comprised milled barley and pelleted commercial protein compound and was offered daily on average 3.2 kg DM, including 0.45 and 1.13 kg of rapeseed cake in M and H, respectively. Grass-red clover silage was offered ad libitum. The target cold carcass weight was 330 kg.The proportion of concentrate of the total daily DM intake averaged 0.337 during the entire experiment. Treatments had no effect on the daily intake of GCS, total intake of DM, DM intake kg⁻¹ LW0.75 and metabolizable energy averaging 6.0 and 9.4 kg DM, 97.4 g and 109.4 MJ, respectively. The digestibility of dietary OM and neutral detergent fibre was lower (p < 0.05, 0.733 vs. 0.769 and 0.625 vs. 0.665) on diet L than on diet E. The animals on diet E tended to consume daily on average 1.29 kg less (p < 0.10) DM kg⁻¹ net weight gain than those on diet L. The time to achieve the target carcass weight was on average 18 days longer (p < 0.01) on diet L than on diet E. During the entire experiment the LW gain averaged 1795 and 1609 g d⁻¹ (p < 0.01) on diets E and L, respectively. The concentrate protein concentration did not affect animal performance. Treatments had no significant effect on the kill-out proportion, EUROP carcass conformation and carcass fat classification which averaged 537 g kg⁻¹, 6.5 and 3.6, respectively. The eating quality of the tested loins was good. Treatments had only a minor effect on the yield of valuable cuts. It is concluded that the digestibility of silage is important since the early-cut silage improved the growth rate and shortened the finishing period of bulls significantly compared with those fed late-cut silage. The lower yield and, thus, higher unit cost of early.cut silage may, however, invalidate its superiority compared with the late.cut silage. There was no benefit from using concentrate of high protein concentration.
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
Genome analyses : a molecular approach to investigation of basic animal genetics
Muscle development of livestock animals : physiology, genetics, and meat quality
Tables of composition and nutritional values of organically produced feed materials for pigs and poultry
The complete textbook of animal health and welfare
Wild things to sew and wear
The objectives were to determine 1. the behaviour of heifers at pasture or housed on slats, and 2. the effect of housing on behavioural adaptation when moved to pasture. Forty-five continental crossbred heifers were assigned to either housing on slats at 3 m2 head-1for 5 months (H), grazing for 5 months (G) or housing for 4 months, prior to grazing (HG). Lying and eating behaviour was recorded periodically for H, G and for HG post-turnout. Per day, G animals spent longer (p<0.01) eating and had a greater (p<0.001) number of daily lying bouts than H animals. While there were minor differences between G and HG animals in the 24 h period after turnout, there was no difference between G and HG animals in time spent eating, lying or in the number of lying bouts on day 1, 2, 3 or 10 post turnout. While abnormal lying behaviour was observed in 3 animals before turnout, there was no abnormal lying behaviour in HG animals by 48 h post turnout. The alteration in behaviour due to housing was not permanent.
Genetic engineering of animals : an agricultural perspective
Friends go adventuring
Cows
Coefficients of relationship and inbreeding among Finnish Ayrshire and Holstein-Friesian
Farm animals
A medal for Poppy : the pluckiest pig in the world
Feed evaluation : principles and practice
The snake who came to stay
