http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5036 sexual development
sexual development
Swimming to Elba
Queer science : the use and abuse of research into homosexuality
n 1973, homosexuality was officially depathologized with a revision in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Psychiatry. In 1980, a new diagnosis appeared: Gender Identity Disorder of Childhood (GID). The shift separated gender from sexuality, while it simultaneously reinforced traditional concepts of "male" and "female" and made it possible for cross-gendered behavior and/or identification to be deemed psychiatric illness. What is the difference then between a child being called a sissy on the playground and being labeled with a disorder in a psychiatric hospital? Combining theory and personal narrative, this volume interrogates the meaning of "the normal" that pervades the literature on GID and investigates the theoretical underpinnings of the diagnosis. Sissies and Tomboys considers how the stigma of illness influences a child's development and what homosexual childhood, freed from the constraints of conventionally acceptable gender expression, might look like.
Life, sex, and death : selected writings
Let's talk about sex : growing up, changing bodies, sex and sexual health
Cleared up!
The Lolita effect : the media sexualization of young girls and what we can do about it
Sexual health among 15-year-old Finnish school children : the young and their biological maturation, dating, sexual experience and methods of contraception
The Hotel New Hampshire
Top 250 LGBTQ books for teens : coming out, being out, and the search for community
Children, sexuality, and the law
Body and self : an exploration of early female development
The elements of nursing : a model for nursing based on a model of living
Get real about sex : the politics and practice of sex education
Dont put that in there! : and 69 other sex myths debunked
The developing person : through the life span
Exploiting childhood : how fast food, material obsession and porn culture are creating new forms of child abuse
A man in love. My struggle book 2
The nature of adolescence
Let's talk about where babies come from : a book about eggs, sperm, birth, babies and families
Adolescence and developmental breakdown : a psychoanalytic view
Making sense of the teenage body : sociological perspectives on girls, changing bodies and knowledge
The developing person through the life span
Everything you ever wanted to ask about willies and other boys' bits
Development psychology : childhood and adolescence
Growth, maturation and physical activity
Sex explained : honest answers to questions about guys & girls, your changing body, and what really happens during sex
From a boy to a man : physical and psychosocial development at and after puberty
Becoming gay : the journey to self-acceptance
Our sexuality
Virginity lost : an intimate portrait of first sexual experiences
Mystery dance : on the evolution of human sexuality
Bisexuality : the psychology and politics of an invisible minority
Promiscuities : a secret history of female desire
Between sexual desire and reality : the evolution of sex in Finland
Human sexuality
Children and sex : new findings, new perspectives
Sexualities : exploring sexuality as a cultural phenomena
Human sexuality : biological, psychological, and cultural perspectives
Being homosexual : gay men and their development
Sissies and tomboys : gender nonconformity and homosexual childhood
The Baltic Sea regional study on adolescent's sexuality
It's perfectly normal : chancing bodies, growing up, sex & sexual health
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Knowledge of sexual issues, moral beliefs, and sexual experiences among adolescents in Estonia and Finland
What do women want? : adventures in the science of female desire
Have you started yet? : you and your period : getting the facts straight
Developments : child, image, nation
Human development across the life span
Psyche and Eros : mind and gender in the life course
Psychological perspectives on human sexuality
What's the big secret : talking about sex with girls and boys
Knowledge of sexual issues, moral beliefs and sexual experiences among adolescents in Estonia and Finland
Boys & girls : superheroes in the doll corner
Developmental biology
Andrology for the clinician
Social and personality development
Ready, set, grow! : a "what's happening to my body?" book for younger girls
Contesting childhood
Everything a girl needs to know about her periods
Abstract.
52 teen boy problems and how to solve them
Girl stuff : your full-on guide to the teen years
Sexual development in childhood
Abnormal psychology : core concepts
Children and sexuality : perspectives in health care
Sex, snogs, dates and mates
Jocasta's children : the imprint of the mother
The sex myth : why everything we're told is wrong
Sex-related development in embryos
Sexuality and gender
Sex ed. : how to talk to your kids about sex
Sex, puberty and all that stuff : a guide to qrowing up
What's happening to me?
Pop culture-and the advertising that surrounds it-teaches young girls and boys five myths about sex and sexuality: Girls don't choose boys, boys choose girls-but only sexy girls, There's only one kind of sexy-slender, curvy, white beauty, Girls should work to be that type of sexy, The younger a girl is, the sexier she is, Sexual violence can be hot. Together, these five myths make up the Lolita Effect, the mass media trends that work to undermine girls' self-confidence, that condone female objectification, and that tacitly foster sex crimes. But identifying these myths and breaking them down can help girls learn to recognize progressive and healthy sexuality and protect themselves from degrading media ideas and sexual vulnerability. In The Lolita Effect, Dr. M. Gigi Durham offers breakthrough strategies for empowering girls to make healthy decisions about their own sexuality.
The development of sex differences
Sexual attraction and childhood association : a Chinese brief for Edward Westermarck
Principles of developmental sexology
Understanding your child's sexual behavior : what's natural and health
