http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5031 reproduction (social and cultural)
reproduction (social and cultural)
Current visions and analyses on Finnish higher education system
Rerun nation : how repeats invented American television
This edited collection contributes to the theoretical literature on social reproduction defined by Marx as the necessary labor to arrive the next day at the factory gate and extended by feminist geographers and others into complex understandings of the relationship between paid labor and the unpaid work of daily life.
Conceiving the new world order : the global politics of reproduction
The women's question and the modes of human reproduction : an analysis of a Tanzanian village
Primary and revision hip replacement : a university hospital database and registry study
Play it again, Sam : retakes and remakes
What works: reducing reoffending : guidelines from research and practice
The fundamental institutions of capitalism
The arcane of reproduction : housework, prostitution, labor and capital
The Oxford handbook of ecocriticism
The timing of clutch initiation in bull-headed shrikes (Lanius bucephalus) in relation to re-nesting or second nesting
Television : the critical view
Precarious worlds : contested geographies of social reproduction
Re-examines an aspect of gendered and sexual identity often taken for granted: heterosexuality. Rachel Carroll provides innovative readings of novels by leading contemporary authors. Drawing on feminist and queer theories of gender and sexuality, the book takes as its distinctive focus the representation of female identities which do not conform to heterosexual norms. Specifically, it explores representations which serve to question the conventional equation between heterosexuality, reproductive sexuality and female identity.
We live in a pop age gone loco for retro and crazy for commemoration. Band re-formations and reunion tours, expanded reissues of classic albums and outtake-crammed box sets, remakes and sequels, tribute albums and mash-ups... But what happens when we run out of past? Are we heading toward a sort of cultural-ecological catastrophe, where the archival stream of pop history has been exhausted? Retromania is the first book to examine the retro industry and ask the question: Is this retromania a death knell for any originality and distinctiveness of our own?
Life's work : geographies of social reproduction
Production, reproduction and citizenship : key discourses of social policy in the turn of the 20th century
Recidivism of drunken driving in Finland 1972-1994
Traversing the flood of images : a Lacanian perspective to the reasoning for art education in the Finnish schooling system
Power, production and social reproduction : human in/security in the global political economy
Retromania : pop culture's addiction to its own past
Understanding education : a sociological perspective
Abstract: (The essence of developing as a director : experiences of directors in the municipal sector.
Reproduction in education, society and culture
Rereading heterosexuality : feminism, queer theory, and contemporary fiction
Childless by choice : a feminist anthology
Abstract: The Essence of Developing as a Director: Experiences of Directors in the Municipal Sector.
