http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5035 book shops
book shops
Three things you need to know about rockets
New school ties : social capital and cultural knowledge creation in multicultural learning environments
What does Finland read? : Jorma Kaimio, bookseller, interviewed by Erkka Lehtola
E-commerce usability : tools and techniques to perfect the on-line experience
The Edinburgh history of the book in Scotland. Vol. 3, Ambition and industry, 1800-80
The scrivener's tale
The bookshop book
A sixteenth-century Spanish bookstore : the inventory of Juan de Junta
More weird things customers say in bookshops
The song of songs
Vendor evaluation and acquisition budgets
The Edinburgh history of the book in Scotland. Vol. 4, Professionalism aand diversity, 1880-2000
Abstract: Customer Satisfaction Survey to Zeppelin Shopping Centre.
Enabling experiences - the role of operators and tour leaders in creating and managing package tourism experiences
Management of major accidents : Communication challenges and solutions in the preparedness and response phases for both authorities and companies
Reluctant capitalists : bookselling and the culture of consumption
Werner Söderström osakeyhtiön juhlaluettelo 1878-1953 = Jubilee catalogue of Werner Söderström oy. 1878-1953
The Edinburgh history of the book in Scotland. Vol. 2, Enlightenment and expansion, 1707-1800
75 years Erasmus Boekhandel Amsterdam - Paris
Incidents in the night. Book one
Shakespeare and Company
"Once again I gained so much" : understanding the value of business-to-business sales interactions from an individual viewpoint
Why do bookshops matter? How do they filter our ideas and literature? This book takes you on a journey around the world, via its bookshops. The author's travels take him to Shakespeare & Co in Paris, Wells in Winchester, Green Apple Books in San Francisco, Librairie des Colonnes in Tangier, the Strand Book Store in New York and provoke encounters with thinkers, poets, dreamers, revolutionaries and readers. This book is the travelogue of a lucid and curious observer, filled with anecdotes and stories from the universe of writing, publishing and selling books. A bookshop in the author's eyes never just a place for material transaction; it is a meeting place for people and their ideas, a setting for world changing encounters, a space that can transform lives. Far from taking a pessimistic view of the future of the physical bookshop, this book makes a compelling case for hope, underlining the importance of these places and the magic that can happen there. A vital manifesto for the future of the traditional bookshop, and a delight for all who love them.
Book publishing and distribution of children's books in Finland
A history of the social network and select agents who sold and distributed books overseas, this study demonstrates how agents increasingly thought of the world as a negotianle, connected system and books as transnational commodities.
Spillover effects of foreign entry on local firms and business networks in Russia : a case study on Fazer Bakeries in St. Petersburg
Free trade in books : a study of the London book trade since 1800
Books on the move : tracking copies through collections and the book trade
How to find love in a book shop
Lost books : reconstructing the print world of pre-industrial Europe
Urban networks and the printing trade in early modern Europe (15th-18th century) : papers presented on 6 Novemeber 2009, at the CERL Seminar hosted by the Royal Library of Belgium, Brussels
Discussions forums : from idea creation to incremental innovations / focus on heart-rate monitors
Exploring agency in entrepreneurship development : a narrative approach
A children's bookshop on wheels, and other winds of change in children's literature
Scholars, poets & radicals : discovering forgotten lives in the Blackwell Collections
Archaeologia : summer 1989.
Bookonomy : the consumption practice and value of book reading
A companion to the history of the book
A gift to remember
The rise of Robert Dodsley : creating the new age of print
Ownership, text-books and VAT : the book year in Finland
Renaissance drama and the politics of publication : readings in the English book trade
The book lover's guide to the Internet
Amazon.com : the company and its founder
"Pool's behind-the-scenes look at the institution of book reviewing analyzes how it works and why it often fails, describes how editors choose books for review and assign them to reviewers, examines the additional roles played by publishers, authors, and readers and contrasts traditional reviewing with newer, alternative book coverage." -- Provided by publisher.
Market potential for customised tools in the German engineering industry
The little shop of happy ever after
Time was soft there : a Paris sojourn at Shakespeare & Co
The bookshop on Rosemary Lane
The commodification of textual engagements in the English Renaissance
Inside book publishing
J2EE technology used in web book shop system
Black Books. Series 2
Black books. Series 1.
M-commerce adoption in Kajaani
Black books. Series 3.
The return of the honey buzzard
Enhancing organizational business process perception : experiences from constructing and applying a dynamic business simulation game
First impressions
Threat or opportunity? acquisitions of minority shareholdings in the context of competition law, in light of the European Commission’s white paper: European Commission’s white paper: towards more effective EU merger control (COM (2014) 449 final)
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
(In a sense) lost and found
The rise and fall of great powers
The bridge
Discovering the role of information technology in disruptive innovations : enabler, sustainer or barrier?
The impact of CRM system development on CRM acceptance
ABC for book collectors
Business the Amazon.com way : secrets of the world's most astonishing web business
Where science meets its use : - Exploring the emergence of the practical relevance of scientific knowledge in the regional context
The Profitability of Technical Trading System in Vietnamese Stock Market
Study of book history focused on the promotion and advertising of printed materials. Part of Publishing Pathways series. Collection of 8 essays that look at the advertising and marketing techniques of booksellers and publishers from the 15th to the 20th century in the western world.
Browse : the world in bookshops
Evaluation of the outcomes of entrepreneurship education revisited : evidence from Estonia and Latvia
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 2.
The love letter
Enhancing Staff & Educational Development [Ellibs-kirja]
You
Out of print & into profit : a history of the rare and secondhand book trade in Britain in the 20th century
Form and meaning in the history of the book : selected essays
Faint praise : the plight of book reviewing in America
Essays on the macroeconomic effects of taxation
Knowledge for Europe : librarians and publishers working together : European conference, 11-13 November 1992, Brussels : proceedings = Le savoir pour l'Europe : bibliothécaires et éditeurs coopèrent : conférence européenne, 11-13 novembre 1992, Bruxelles : actes
Marketing strategy: Case study Citius Wiki ERP/ECM software
Still believing in virtual worlds: a decomposed approach
The development of the international book trade, 1870-1895 : tangled networks
After me comes the flood
What would Ginger Rogers do?
The emperor waltz
From author to reader : a social study of books
Understanding e-learning system users' post-adoption usage behavior and its outcomes ; a Study of a Learning Management system
Social capital inheritance, resource co-optation and performance in corporate spin-off firms
How a Small Japanese E-retailing Company Can Expand Its Operations Abroad : Case Agrade
Four essays on implementation theory
Black books. Series 2.
The little bookshop on the Seine
Consumption, youth and new media : ‡b the debate on social issues in Brazil
Bookshops
Weird things customers say in bookshops
The little bookshop of lonely hearts
The dual structure hypothesis and the book industry
The boy in the suitcase
The secret of happy ever after
Tell me why : book-selling in Finland in the 1990s
Internationalizing book distribution in the early nineteenth century : the origins of Finnish bookstores
A manual on bookselling : how to open & run your own bookstore
Succubus nights
Startup dilemmas : strategic problems of early-stage platforms on the internet
Nightingale Books, nestled on the high street in Peasebrook, a picture-postcard Cotswold town, is a dream comes true for booklovers. Everyone who enters falls in love with something. But owner Emilia Nightingale is struggling to keep the shop open and the developers are circling. The temptation to sell up is proving enormous - but what about the promise she made to her father? Not to mention her customers, for whom the shop is a comfort, a meeting place, a lifeline. There's Gary, a stable lad for a nearby trainer, who buys books to read to Nikki, who is lying in a coma. He spends every spare hour at Nikki's bedside, never giving up hope that she will come round. Betty, who runs a supper club from her tiny cottage, has a huge crush on a man she met and then lost in the cookery section, somewhere Auguste Escoffier and Marco Pierre White. Mrs Norris repeatedly 'forgets' to pay for her books - and Emilia never has the heart to remind her. But Mrs Norris isn't quite as forgetful as she pretends ... And then Emilia meets Dexter, local jack-the-lad, who is looking to improve his English so he can better himself. He buys all Emilia's recommendations, and together they re-discover all her favourite authors. But Dexter has a secret, and is not all he seems ...
Murder is binding : a Booktown mystery
Datenherrschaft : an ethically justified solution to the problem of ownership of patient information
Resource access and creation in networks for service innovation
The literary underground of the Old Regime
Books for sale : the advertising and promotion of print since the fifteenth century
The rise & fall of great powers : a novel
The little Paris bookshop
Two Augustan booksellers : John Dunton and Edmund Curll
A genius for letters : booksellsers and bookselling from the 16th to the 20th century
Foreign-language printing in London, 1500-1900
Printing places : locations of book production & distribution since 1500
Mr. Penumbra's 24-hour bookstore
Black Books. Series 1
What kind of a business is this? : reminiscences of the book trade and book collectors
Taidekirjoja lasitaivaan alla = Art-books under the glass sky
Studies on institutions and central bank independence
The German book trade at home and abroad
Essays on the demand for information goods
Theorizing formal and informal feedback practices in management accounting through three dimensions
Black Books. Series 3
