http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5047 committees (general)
committees (general)
Inquiry into ship safety
Impeachment; selected materials : Ninety-third Congress, first session
Business life pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
Shaping Europe : recent EESC achievements
Dissenting visions : the executive, parliament and the problematic Anglo-American Atomic Collaboration in the changes of British atomic foreign policy 1945-6
The Oxford handbook of legislative studies
The humanitarians : the International Committee of the Red Cross
The priorities of the European Economic and Social Committee during the Spanish Presidency of the Council of the European Union : January-June 2010
Official records of the Human Rights Committee. Volume 1, Summary records of the meetings of the ... sessions
Global challenge : from crisis to cooperation : breaking the North-South stalemate : report of the Socialist International Committee on economic policy
Selected decisions of the Human Rights Committee under the optional protocol. Vol. 5, Forty-seventh to fifty-fifth sessions
Controlling comitology : accountability in a multi-level system
Precooking in the European Union : the world of expert groups : a report to [ESO] the Expert Group on Public Finance
"Comitology is the most important form of multi-level governance in the European Union. Member State and Commission actors together create roughly 2,500 executive acts per year, amounting to about half of all European laws together. But to what degree is this unknown and invisible committee system being held to account for its decisions? This book for the first time addresses accountability in truly multi-level terms. It looks at accountability foreseen in the constitutional setup of the comitology system, as well as at how this plays out in practice at the European level and within national governments. Controlling Comitology combines findings from different levels of government, and analyses a plurality of data sources including interviews, survey data of committee participants and their superiors, legislative databases and meeting documents. The book argues that accountability has steadily improved over time, but also that unexpected gaps have emerged. This books is important reading for student and scholars of comitology as well as accountability and law-making in the European Union."--Publisher's website.
The European Economic and Social Committee during the Hungarian Presidency : January-June 2011
The African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights : practices and procedures
"The book studies the human rights monitoring mechanisms of the Council of Europe. It provides an in-depth examination of six such mechanisms: the Commissioner for Human Rights, the European Committee for the Prevention of Torture and Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (the CPT), the European Committee of Social Rights (the ECSR), the Advisory Committee on the Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities (the ACFC), the European Commission against Racism and Intolerance (ECRI) and the Committee of Experts of the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages (the CECL). The human rights monitoring mechanisms of the Council of Europe seek to establish a permanent dialogue with governments in order to encourage them to better implement human rights treaties. They function principally through the use of national reports, on which basis they make recommendations, and also visit or question states directly. The book looks at each mechanism in turn, discussing their mandate, composition and powers and evolutions therein, as well as their relationship with other actors. It includes both a general discussion of the role of European human rights monitoring mechanisms as well as a comparative analysis of these mechanisms. The book aims to provide a clear understanding of the underlying approach of European human rights monitoring mechanisms and the challenges faced by them in terms of effectiveness. It will be useful for practitioners and students alike, especially those following courses in human rights or related fields"--
A note on inflation under the Estonian Currency Board
The European Economic and Social Committee during the Cyprus Presidency : July-December 2012
Shaping European law and policy : the role of committees and comitology in the political process
Summary.
The priorities of the EESC during the French Presidency of the Council of the European Union : july-december 2008
Investing in Europe's regions and cities : public and private partners for growth and jobs
EESC info
This paper discusses currency boards, beginning with their history. Included in the paper is a discussion of how a currency board works and the advantages and disadvantages of the currency board, particularly when compared to a more traditional central banking style.The Estonian and Lithuanian currency boards are described and discussed as particular cases of currency board institutions. .
Active citizenship : for a better European society
The Committee of the Regions and the implementation and monitoring of the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality in the light of the Constitution for Europe
The recent activities of the Geological Committee of the U.R.S.S
The faces of the European Parliament 2009-2011
Predicting the Fed's target rate decisions
Modeling work on Estonian data indicates that external financing of the private sector has strong impact on domestic demand, which implies that valuable insights may be gained in this case from understanding the behavioral relationships in the monetary sector. The current paper provides a theoretical analysis of the monetary sector under a currency board regime and applies specification tests to Estonian data.As a final product, empirical equations for average lending rate, loans provided to the private sector and money demand are estimated.While estimations herein use monthly data, quarterly modifications of the model will be inserted into Eesti Pank's quarterly macromodel in the future. Key words: currency board, economic modelling, bank lending, capital flows, Estonia .
Saami Affairs Committees and Reports: Finland
How to reform the UN climate negotiations? : perspectives from the past, present and neighbour negotiations
Key dates in the history of the Committee of the Regions
The Committee of the regions : institutionalising multi-level governance?
Summary in Russian.
The priorities of the European Economic and Social Committee during the Belgian Presidency of the Council of the European Union : July-December 2010
The priorities of the EESC during the Czech Presidency of the Council of the European Union : January-June 2009
Report of the special meeting on consolidation and development, Rome, 11-12 May 2010.
A guide to congressional hearings
Selected decisions of the Human Rights Committee under the optional protocol. Vol. 3, Thirty-third to thirty-ninth sessions (July 1988-July 1990)
Committee assignments in the Finnish Parliament 1945-1994
The Human Rights Committee : its role in the development of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights
Natural science in archaeology in Denmark, Iceland, Norway and Sweden : a report to the European Science Foundation Committee for Archaeology
Textbook on EC law
Summary (s. 13-17).
Understanding powers of international organizations : a study of the doctrines of attributed powers, implied powers and constitutionalism - with a special focus on the Human Rights Committtee
The labour question : an epitome of the evidence and the report of the Royal Commission on Labour
The Committee of the Regions : presentation
Currency boards
The report of the Roberts Commission and the protection of cultural heritage in post-war Germany and Japan
Comparative analysis of elite sport and the role of the National Olympic Committee in Slovakia and Finland
Human rights committee : selected decisions under the optional protocol : (second to sixteenth sessions)
Report on Lapp affairs : [finnish state commission 1949-1951]
Comitology : delegation of powers in the European Union and the committee system
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Committees of inquiry
The human rights committee on traditional cultural rights : the case of the Arctic indigenous peoples
Short guide to the European convention on human rights
Human rights monitoring mechanisms of the Council of Europe
Committee common sense
Welcome to your committee : guide for new members 2004
Global commissions assessed
A proposal for the degree and syllabus reform of teacher education in the Finnish institutions of higher education : a summary of the report by the 1973 committee on teacher education (1975:75)
Committees and committee change in an established democratic parliament : the case of Norway
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
Summary (s. 5-15).
The Geneva conventions of August 12 1949
The priorities of the European Economic and Social Committee during the Swedish Presidency of the Council of the European Union : July-December 2009
Working papers on comparative legislative studies. 2, The changing roles of parliamentary committees
Interest representation in the Finnish committee system in the post-war era
"Mezhdunarodniks" : foreign political establishment of the CPSU's new central committee
European Union governance : effectiveness and legitimacy in European Commission committees
"The President needs help" : proceedings of a conference held on January 15, 1987 to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the report of the President's Committee on Administrative Management and the presentation of the annual Burkett Miller award for distinguished public service
Committees : how they work and how to work them
Programme of work for NKB, 1994-1996
The European Economic and Social Committee during the Danish presidency : January-June 2012
Consultation and political culture : essays on the case of Finland
Legislatures are political bodies essential to democracy and the rule of law. They present social scientists with numerous intriguing puzzles, with far-reaching implications for our understanding of political institutions. Why, and how, have these ancient assemblies, established in pre-democratic times, survived the transition ...
The European Economic and Social Committee during the Irish Presidency : January-June 2013
Saami Affairs Committees and Reports: Sweden
Committee governance in the European Union
Committees in European Communities
Collective decision-making : social choice and political economy
Leading cases of the Human Rights Committee
Delegated legislation and the role of Committees in the EC
The role of commissions in policy-making
The monetary sector under a currency board arrangement / Specification and estimation of a model with Estonian  data
A summary: Of the report by the 1973 committee on teacher education (1975:75).
Saami Affairs Committees and Reports: Norway
The European Economic and Social Committee during the Polish Presidency : July-December 2011
A guide to the Companies Act 2006
The concept of death : summary
Organising the European Parliament : the role of committees and their legislative influence
The United Nations child policy : international games of morality and power
The contribution of the Committee of the regions to the construction of Europe
