http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p504 crisis management
crisis management
Cities and disasters
Crisis and disaster management for tourism
Abstract.
Practical airport operations, safety, and emergency management : protocols for today and the future
Disaster health management : a primer for students and practitioners
Crisis negotiations : managing critical incidents and hostage situations in law enforcement and corrections
Complexity thinking for peacebuilding : practice and evaluation
Effective crisis management : worldwide principles and practice
Recent years have seen constant reports on the failures of governance and the crisis of democracy. By examining cases like Global Financial Crisis, the Arab Revolutions and Wikileaks this volume highlights tensions between governance and democracy during times of crisis and examines the prospects of democratising governance in the 21st Century.
Understanding conflict resolution : war, peace and the global system
Corporate governance, firm performance and firm risk-taking around the financial crisis
Business continuity management : in practice
Contents include: • Guidelines for effective crisis response • Unique features of crisis counseling • How to assess a crisis situation • Self-care during and after a crisis • Individual and group crisis counseling strategies and activities • Tips on Psychological first aid • Developmental differences in response to crisis • Tips for parents • Sample management forms, announcements, and letters • Quick reference charts Also includes guidance on dealing with specific crisis situations: Death and Loss, Suicide, Natural Disasters, Deployment to war, Violence and gang disturbances, Kidnapping/abduction, Terrorist/ Hostage situations Appropriate for all ages.
Yearbook
2014 Ukraine crisis : implications for corporate crisis management
European security policy and strategic culture
Mass notification and crisis communications : planning, preparedness, and systems
Private peacemaking : USIP-assisted peacemaking projects of nonprofit organizations
Measures on post tsunami crisis management in the tourism industry of Thailand
Functional security and crisis management capacity in the European Union
Out of the Woods Crisis Management in Finnish National Parks
Evaluating peace operations
Hazards analysis : reducing the impact of disasters
Finland's National Strategy for Civilian Crisis Management : approved by the Finnish Government on 28 August 2008.
Out of the Woods: Crisis Management in Finnish National Parks
Physical security and environmental protection
Risk issues and crisis management : a casebook of best practice
A strategic approach to crisis management and crisis communication
Case studies in crisis communication : international perspectives on hits and misses
Strengthening the meditation support capacity of the African Union : summary of thematic expert seminars on mediation, peace and justice, women and resource-based conflicts
Rendezvous in turbulent times:about the becoming of institution-changing networks in Myanmar/Burma
Afghanistan : progress, problems, prospects
The definitive handbook of business continuity management
Fisheries and aquaculture emergency response guidance : review recommendations for best practice : FAO Workshop, 15-16 March 2012, Rome
The formation and role of the Kosovo Security Force
The handbook of crisis communication
Crisis management - guidance and good practice
Disaster management : international lessons in risk reduction, response and recovery
Saving the city : ambiguities in ancient Greek crisis management
Towards an assessment model of crisis communication supporting emergency management by public sector organizations
Neither neutral nor non-aligned : the Europeanization of Finland's foreign and security policy
Behavioral finance during financial crisis in a banking company
Managing and settling ethnic conflicts : perspectives on successes and failures in Europe, Africa and Asia
Emergency preparedness for business professionals : how to mitigate and respond to attacks against your organization
Systems approach to management of disasters : methods and applications
Crisis Management in Hotel Business in Finland : Viewpoint of the Receptionists
Tourism and terrorism : an experience of Turkey and the world
Creativity and conflict resolution : alternative pathways to peace
Asia-Pacific security : policy challenges
The objective of this thesis was to study the crisis management of Finnish national parks. In practice this involves assessing the possible crises that could actually occur in the national parks, how these could be prevented and, finally, what kinds of tools are used for managing these.    The theoretical framework of the study introduces crisis management, life-cycle of crisis and national park management. To get a closer look at the national parks, five case studies of different Finnish national parks were conducted. The chosen national parks include Archipelago National Park, Oulanka National Park, Pallas-Yllästunturi National Park, Patvinsuo National Park and Päijänne National Park. These parks were selected since they represent different locations, sizes, environmental features and, therefore, also potential crises.     The approach of the study is qualitative and the semi-structured interview was chosen as the main method of research. A representative of each selected national park was interviewed individually. The interviews resulted in five 29–55 minute recorded conversations which were subsequently transcribed for the purpose of analysis. The interviews were conducted in February 2011 and four of them were executed by Skype due to the long distances.    The key findings of the study reveal that various crises can occur in Finnish national parks if the circumstances are favourable and if no immediate actions are taken. Forest fires and various storms can threat all the parks, however, also animal attacks, avalanches and oil spills are potential risks in some of the parks. Many of the potential natural disasters, such as forest fires, are actually not considered crises without their impact on people or infrastructure. Tourism is also increasing in the national parks, thus it should be more closely considered since its negative impact is already visible in some parks. To avoid crises to happen, the importance of anticipation and communication together with co-operation with authorities as well as companies is highlighted. In conclusion, comprehensive planning is the key factor for being a step ahead vis-à-vis crises.
From Fighting "Industrial Wars" To "Wars Amongst the Peoples" : The efforts of the United States Armed Forces to improve its Stability and Support Operations capabilities
Developing future crisis management : an ethnographic journey into the community and practice of multinational experimentation
CMC Finland peacebuilding and civilian crisis management studies
Satellites for arms control and crisis monitoring
Blinded by humanity : inside the UN's humanitarian operations
Communications and incentives : the importance of fast and sincere reporting : Jakarta, Indonesia, 25 July 2007
The essential guide to managing corporate crises : a step-by-step handbook for surviving major catastrophes
Global cases in best and worst practice in crisis and emergency management
Emergency response logistics in action : case: Finnish Red Cross ERU mission in Pakistan 2010
Governance out of a box : priorities and sequencing in rebuilding civil administration in post-conflict countries
The crisis counseling guidebook
Sino-Japanese relations : the need for conflict prevention and management
Serious banking, politically disguised criminal activity or an exercise of imperial powers by the International Community in Bosnia and Herzegovina : the Hercegovacka Banka Case
Managing the unexpected : sustained performance in a complex world
Managing armed conflicts in the 21st century
Crisis management in tourism
The handbook of disaster and emergency policies and institutions
Commercialising security in Europe : political consequences for peace operations
Transatlantic co-operation in civilian crisis management : best practices in building capabilities and planning for action
Business continuity for dummies
Sense of coherence as a buffer against crisis management veteran's stress
Business continuity from preparedness to recovery : a standards-based approach
Military crisis management in the European Union
Humanitarian soldiers, colonialised others and invisible enemies : visual strategic communication narratives of the Afghan war
International handbook of organizational crisis management
Crisis management as a civilisatory project : NATO's experience in the Balkans
Security - the common denominator for connectivity : conference on Crisis Management and Information Technology, Saint-Paul-de-Vence, 3-6 November 2004 : conference report
Towards a culture of prevention : statements by the secretary-general of the United Nations
Peace support operations and the U.S. military
World disaster report 2014 : focus on culture and risk
Bomb threat management and policy
Strategic decision-making in crisis and war
Reclaiming school in the aftermath of trauma : advice based on experience
Case studies in disaster response and emergency management
Mobile technologies for conflict management : online dispute resolution, governance, participation
Reconsidering the silence over the ultimate crime : a functional shift in crisis management from the Rwandan genocide to Darfur
Disaster recovery project management : bringing order from chaos
Concepts and case studies in threat management
Introduction to emergency management
Supporting African peace operations
Seminaari " Human rights and crisis situations - the prospects for civilian crisis management" eduskunnan auditoriossa 27.11.2003
Humanizing security? : the EU's responsibility to protect in the Libyan crisis
Humanitarian intervention : legal and political aspects
The crisis of Jiangxi Hero Dairy CO. LTD after the chinese milk powder Incident
Managing conflict in a negotiated world : a narrative approach to achieving dialogue and change
Summary (s. 17-22).
Conflict prevention and conflict management in Northeast Asia
Finnish inter-agency cooperation : comparison between the total defence and crisis management missions
This is a practical book on negotiation in all realms of life. The authors cover the steps in the negotiating process and describe the necessary interpersonal skills for effective negotiators. They look at the factors that cause negotiations to break down, what to do when that happens, and the ethical and moral dimensions of negotiation. Chapters 7-12 examine key areas of life in which negotiation takes place: interpersonal relations, the workplace, consumer settings, community relations, and international affairs. The book: contains practitioner interviews; provides readers with real-world examples; and, emphasizes throughout the day-to-day relevance of negotiating skills.
Active shooter : preparing for and responding to a growing threat
The art of war for security managers : 10 steps to enhancing organizational effectiveness
Finland's comprehensive crisis management strategy
A futurist's guide to emergency management
Peacebuilding and civilian crisis management studies
Stronger in the broken places : nine lessons for turning crisis into triumph
Safety and security in tourism : recovery marketing after crises
The handbook for school safety and security : best practices and procedures
Determinants of credit default swap spreads and credit risk asymmetry : evidence from U.S. non-financial firms in 2007–2012
The handbook of international crisis communication research
A guide to business continuity planning
Safety and security on passenger ships
Internal wars: rethinking problem and response
Crisis-induced learning in public sector organizations
Foresight for conflict prevention in the Middle East : phase II: recommendations for policy action : final report
Understanding peacekeeping
Crisis management in the age of social media
Kings of peace, pawns of war : the untold story of peace-making
Emergency management and social intelligence : a comprehensive all-hazards approach
Africa as an operational environment
Disaster medicine : a case based approach
Making peace last : a toolbox for sustainable peacebuilding
Crisis management during the Roman Republic : the role of political institutions in emergencies
Business continuity planning : a project management approach
EU civilian crisis management : the record so far
Risk, crisis and security management
September 11. . . Virginia Tech . . . Columbine . . . Hurricane Katrina . . . Traumatic events with long lasting consequences. Lives are upended, safety is threatened, and all are forced to find a way to adapt to a new normal. Educators in schools where students have experienced trauma face difficult challenges, for how are they to promote academic growth and attainment of educational goals in such a situation? Reclaiming School in the Aftermath of Trauma offers wisdom born of experience as well as insights acquired through years of study. Authors contributing to this text share their experiences in the aftermath of tragedy and describe helpful approaches for reclaiming school after trauma interrupts the lives of students, faculty, and school communities.
Powder keg in the Middle East : the struggle for Gulf security
Democracy and crisis : democratising governance in the twenty-first century
Transforming for stabilization and reconstruction operations
The PR practitioner's desktop guide
Promoting peace and security in Africa : is the European Union up to the challenge - a sociological perspective
Campus emergency preparedness : meeting ICS and NIMS compliance
The failure of risk management : why it's broken and how to fix it
Peace IT! : using ICTs to prevent, manage and resolve crises
Preparedness and response for catastrophic disasters
Knowledge management applied for the organizational crisis : a conceptual framework for the crisis management
Crisis management in a complex world
Mediating international crises
The second handbook of organization development in schools
Dangers of management speak : politics of crisis management and erasures of histories
Crisis tales : five rules for coping with crises in business, politics, and life
NBC 2003 : symposium proceedings
The international community invests billions annually in thousands of discrete projects designed to overcome poverty, stop violence, spread human rights, fight terrorism, and combat global warming. The hope is that these separate projects will "add up" to lasting societal change in places like Afghanistan. In reality, these initiatives are not adding up to sustainable peace. Making Peace Last applies systems thinking to help improve the productivity of peacebuilding, broadly defined. This book defines the theory, analysis, and practice needed to create peacebuilding approaches that are as dynamic and adaptive as the societies they are trying to affect. The book is based on a combination of field experience and research into systems thinking, peace and conflict, and conflict resolution. The primary audience is policy makers and practitioners from the many fields that make up peacebuilding. This book can also be used as a textbook in courses on peacebuilding, security, and development. Making Peace Last is a comprehensive approach to finding sustainable solutions to the world's most pressing social problems. --Publisher's description.
Political responses to terrorism : case study on the Madrid terrorist attack in March 11, 2004, and its aftermath
Can peace research make peace? : lessons in academic diplomacy
Business under fire : how Israeli companies are succeeding in the face of terror--and what we can learn from them
Business continuity guideline : a practical approach for emergency preparedness, crisis management, and disaster recovery
Vietnam economic environment and financial risks
This book is about the process and, more generally, about the opportunities that peace research and the teaching of conflict resolution can offer academic diplomacy. As such the book is both an empirical and a theoretical project. While it aims at being the most comprehensive analysis of the conflict in West Kalimantan, it also launches a new theoretical approach, neo-pragmatism, and offers lessons for the prevention of conflicts elsewhere. While being based on the classical pragmatist theories of truth and explanation, the approach developed in this book incorporates the complications to social science theory caused by the 'discovery' of socially constructed realities, and concepts such as speech acts. Yet, instead of just theorizing speech acts and social constructs, the theoretical mission is to offer pragmatic, detailed, concrete prescriptions of what to do to deconstruct realities that threaten peace by the means available for research and scholars of peace.
Embed : with the world's armies in Afghanistan
Building security : strategies & costs : risk assessment, security planning, cost data for construction & security systems
Global financial crisis resolution : issues and options
Crisis management in government : developments in theory and practice
Negotiation : communication for diverse settings
Brand crisis in social media
Strengthening the EU's peace mediation capacities : leveraging for peace through new ideas and thinking
Developing a crisis communication scorecard : outcomes of an international research project 2008-2011 (Ref.)
Effective peacebuilding in a post-conflict environment : problems and solutions with son-state armed groups
L' administration et la gestion de crise : le cas de la guerre = Administration and crisis management : the case of wartime
Making a stronger international actor? : decisions of the european council on EU crisis management 1999-2001 from the viewpoint of the proponents of a civilian power EU
Palgrave advances in peacebuilding : critical developments and approaches
Strategic communication in crisis management : lessons from the airline industry
"The Nordic Africa Institute, the Dag Hammarskjöld Foundation and the Norwegian Institute for International Affairs hosted a seminar in Uppsala, Sweden, on 15 and 16 December 2011, that brought together AU, EU and UN officials closely involved in peace operations in Africa. The seminar's purpose was to allow participants to compare their experiences of the different support models that have been used to date in Sudan and Somalia. International support for African peace operations provides opportunities but also poses challenges. This report examines four of these challenges in some detail: the AU Commission's limited capacity to plan and manage peace operations; insufficient political engagement by African member states with AU peace operations; the short-termism and self-interest of some of the AU's partners; and the need for UN Security Council permanent members to value and ensure a shared AU-UN strategic vision. The report also includes policy recommendations for resolving these challenges." --Publisher's description.
The new killing fields : massacre and the politics of intervention
Regulating the systemic risk
Effective operator display design : Asm consortium guideline
Emergency management exercises : from response to recovery, everything you need to know to design a great exercise
Humanitarian intervention and the responsibility to protect : who should intervene?
Building peace in Aceh : observations on the work of the Aceh Monitoring Mission (AMM) and its liaison with local civil society
Armies in low-intensity conflict : a comparative analysis
Early warning and civil protection : when does it work and why does it fail?
Co-operation, command and control in UN peace support operations : a report on the UN Haiti mission from the National Defence College
Working for peace, security and stability : Europe in the world
Helping prevent violent conflict
The new UN peacekeeping : building peace in lands of conflict after the cold war
What roles and missions for Europe's military and security forces in the 21st century?
Protection of assets : crisis management
Risk and crisis management in the public sector
The golden hour: [a Judd Ryker novel]
Business continuity management : guidance on exercising and testing for continuity and contingency programmes : PD 25666:2010
Towards Multilateral European Crisis-Management : The Constructivist Approach to World Politics
Foresight for conflict prevention in the Middle East : key drivers of conflict in Egypt, Jordan and Lebanon
Crisis diplomacy : a history of U.S. intervention policies and practices
Enhancing human security through crisis management : opportunities and challenges for learning
The end of the development-security nexus? : the rise of global disaster management
Strategic information security
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
Handbook of disaster policies and institutions : improving emergency management and climate change adaption
Crisis management in the tourism industry : beating the odds?
Disaster communications in a changing media world
Humanitarian logistics : modelling supply chain processes of humanitarian organisations
The crisis manager : facing disasters, conflicts and failures
