http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5042 Baptism (Protestantism)
Baptism (Protestantism)
The Variety of American evangelicalism
Baptists and Reformed in dialogue : documents from the conversations sponsored by the World Alliance of Reformed Churches and the Baptist World Alliance
The Ministry of religious education
Ties that bind : life together in the Baptist vision
Modernisation in the Russian provinces
Baptists in North America : an historical perspective
We Baptists
A century of growth: the Kachin Baptist Church of Burma
A theology for the church
International influences and Baptist mission in West Cameroon : German-American missionary endeavor under international mandate and British colonialism
How did they do it? : the story of Southern Baptist evangelism
Upon this rock : the miracles of a black church
Baptist battles : social change and religious conflict in the Southern Baptist Convention
Baptist reconsideration of baptism and ecclesiology : a presentation of the Baptist Union of Sweden and a study of its official response to BEM in relation to the public discussions primarily amongst its pastors and theologians
The Color of Water tells the remarkable story of Ruth McBride Jordan, the two good men she married, and the 12 good children she raised. Jordan, born Rachel Shilsky, a Polish Jew, immigrated to America soon after birth; as an adult she moved to New York City, leaving her family and faith behind in Virginia. Jordan met and married a black man, making her isolation even more profound. The book is a success story, a testament to one woman's true heart, solid values, and indomitable will. Ruth Jordan battled not only racism but also poverty to raise her children and, despite being sorely tested, never wavered. In telling her story--along with her son's--The Color of Water addresses racial identity with compassion, insight, and realism. It is, in a word, inspiring, and you will finish it with unalloyed admiration for a flawed but remarkable individual. And, perhaps, a little more faith in us all.
Celebrating Christ's presence through the Spirit : official report of the fourteenth Congress, Baptist World Alliance, Toronto, Canada, July 8-13, 1980
An old state in new settings : studies in the social anthropology of China in memory of Maurice Freedman
Baptist why and why not
State Secularism and Lived Religion in Soviet Russia and Ukraine is a collection of essays written by a broad cross-section of scholars from around the world that explores the myriad forms religious expression and religious practice took in Soviet society in conjunction with the Soviet government's commitment to secularization. The implementation of secularizing policies invariably shaped the forms of religious expression that emerged in Soviet Russian and Soviet Ukraine. Religious practices across confessional groups over time reflect the waves of intensification and relaxation of repressive practices. During the post-world War II period, which most of the essays in this volume address, repressive tactics shifted from raw coercion and violence to propaganda and agitation as the main means to suppress religious practice and belief in the public sphere. Unlike other studies that have focused on such forms of repression, the authors in this volume consider how some communities and individual believers were able to adapt their practices and beliefs to the social, political, and ideological constraints of Soviet society so as to pursue their beliefs. The volume thus offers a new perspective on Soviet secularization that moves beyond the formation of policies and decrees to consider two additional dimensions. First, the essays engage how governing mandates to suppress religion and promote a secular society were experienced by believers. Second, this approach allows the authors to illustrate the variety of secularizing polices and how they were invariably implemented across regions, over time, and in response to perceptions of local religious practice. By considering the intersection of religious practice and Soviet secularizing policies, this collection expands our understanding of religiosity in the region and illustrates how specific denominations and the believers within them adapted to the conditions set by socialist modernity.
Marching to Zion : creolisation in Spiritual Baptist rituals and cosmology
"Jesus Christ forever, yes" : official report of the eighteenth Baptist World Congress, Melbourne, Australia, January 5-9, 2000
The American Baptist church originated in British North America as "little tabernacles in the wilderness," isolated seventeenth-century congregations that grew into a mainstream denomination by the early nineteenth century. The common view of this transition casts these evangelicals as radicals who were on society's fringe during the colonial period, only to become conservative by the nineteenth century after they had achieved social acceptance. In Bodies of Belief, Janet Moore Lindman challenges this accepted, if oversimplified, characterization of early American Baptists by arguing that they struggled with issues of equity and power within the church during the colonial period, and that evangelical religion was both radical and conservative from its beginning.Bodies of Belief traces the paradoxical evolution of the Baptist religion, including the struggles of early settlement and church building, varieties of theology and worship, and the multivalent meaning of conversation, ritual, and godly community. Lindman demonstrates how the body--both individual bodies and the collective body of believers--was central to Baptist definition and maintenance of faith.The Baptist religion galvanized believers through a visceral transformation of religious conversion, which was then maintained through ritual. Yet the Baptist body was differentiated by race and gender. While all believers were spiritual equals, white men remained at the top of a rigid church hierarchy. Drawing on church books, associational records, diaries, letters, sermon notes, ministerial accounts, and early histories from the Mid-Atlantic and the Chesapeake as well as New England, this innovative study of early American religion asserts that the Baptist religion was predicated simultaneously on a radical spiritual ethos and a conservative social outlook.
Systematic theology : biblical, historical, and evangelical. Volume 2
Church growth principles : separating fact from fiction
King : a comics biography
State secularism and lived religion in Soviet Russia and Ukraine
Eighth Baptist World Congress : Cleveland, Ohio, U.S.A., July 22-27, 1950
Baptists against racism : addresses and papers delivered at the International Summit of Baptists Against Racism and Ethnic Conflict January 8-11, 1999 Ebenezer Baptist Church, Atlanta, Georgia
In "Isaiah Shembe's Hymns and the Sacred Dance in Ibandla lamaNazaretha," Nkosinathi Sithole explores the hymns of Prophet Isaiah Shembe and the sacred dance in Ibandla LamaNazaretha, and offers an emic perspective on the Church which has attracted scholars from different disciplines. "Isaiah Shembe s Hymns and the Sacred Dance in Ibandla lamaNazaretha" posits that in the hymns, Shembe found a powerful medium through which he could voice his concerns as an African in colonial times, while praising and worshipping God. Sithole also refutes claims by some scholars that the sacred dance was a response to colonialism and oppression, showing that in fact the sacred dance in Ibandla lamaNazaretha is considered to be a form of worship and is thought to exist on earth and in heaven."
Baptists in America
Spurgeon : prince of preachers
The Baptist heritage
Baptist theology : a four-century study
The legacy of Jonathan Edwards in the theology of Andrew Fuller
This book has been written for three purposes. First, to provide the Orthodox reader with a competent overview of the history of Protestantism and its major traditions, from its beginnings in the 16th century to the present day. This overview relies heavily upon the Reformer s own words as well as the creeds of various Protestant faiths, in order to avoid misrepresentation and caricature. Second, to acquaint Orthodox and non-Orthodox readers with a narrative of the historical relations between the Orthodox East and the Protestant West. Finally, to provide a summary of Orthodox theological opinion on the tenets of Protestantism.
Erroneous and schismatical opinions : the question of orthodoxy regarding the theology of Hanserd Knollys (c. 1599-1691)
Baptist World Alliance : tenth Baptist World Congress, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, June 26-July 3, 1960
The preacher King : Martin Luther King, Jr. and the word that moved America
Let the church sing! : music and worship in a black Mississippi community
Dialog zwischen der Europäischen Baptistischen Föderation (EBF) und der Gemeinschaft Evangelischer Kirchen in Europa (GEKE) zur Lehre und Praxis der Taufe = Dialogue between the Community of Protestant Churches in Europe (CPCE) and the European Baptist Federation (EBF) on the doctrine and practice of baptism
Democratic religion : freedom, authority and church discipline in the Baptist South, 1785-1900
Wade in the Water : African American Sacred Music Traditions
From Humboldt to Kodiak, 1886-1895 : recollections of a frontier childhood and the founding of the first American school and the Baptist mission at Kodiak, Alaska
The life and writings of Hercules Collins provide a window into understanding how seventeenth-century Baptists viewed themselves in relationship to historic Christianity and Puritan orthodoxy: Collins was not only a respected member of the Particular Baptist community, but was also a faithful representative of that community. Stephan Weaver's examination of Collins' commitment to historic Christianity and Protestant orthodoxy serves as an opportunity to understand better the doctrinal commitments of seventeenth-century English Particular Baptists.
How Jesus changes lives : Christian rehabilitation in the Russian Baptist Ministry
The spirit of the disciplines : understanding how God changes lives
William Carey : cobbler to missionary
No greater jewel : thinking about baptism with Luther
The development of Russian evangelical spirituality : a study of Ivan Kargel (1849-1937)
How Jesus changes lives : Christian rehabilitation in the Russian Babtist Ministry
Radical religion in Cromwell's England : a concise history from the English Civil War to the end of the Commonwealth
Addresses and Bible studies delivered at the Summit on Baptist Mission in the 21st century May 5-8, 2003, Swanwick, England
Harry Emerson Fosdick : preacher, pastor, prophet
Biblical foundations for Baptist churches : a contemporary ecclesiology
The Baptist way : distinctives of a Baptist church
We'll understand it better by and by : pioneering African American gospel composers
A change from the traditional Orthodox to the Baptist church : observations from the field
Bodies of belief : Baptist community in early America
Southern Baptists & American evangelicals : the conversation continues
Seeking peace in Africa : stories from African peacemakers
Baptists and Lutherans in conversation : a message to our churches
A social history of the nonconformist ministry in England and Wales, 1800-1930
Systematic theology : biblical, historical, and evangelical. Volume 1
Lectio praecursoria : The poetics of Creolisation
Beyond the impasse? : scripture, interpretation, & theology in Baptist life
How the Bible works : an anthropological study of evangelical biblicism
Baptist ways : a history
Effective evangelistic churches : successful churches reveal what works, and what doesn't
Ada's rules : a sexy skinny novel
Rock and sand : an orthodox appraisal of the Protestant Reformers and their teachings
Baptism and the Baptists : theology and practice in twentieth-century Britain
A sourcebook for Baptist heritage
Baptist World Alliance : golden jubilee congress (9th world congress) London, 16th-22nd July, 1955
Spirit and flesh : life in a fundamentalist Baptist church
A history of British baptists
Baptists together in Christ, 1905-2005 : a hundred-year history of the Baptist World Alliance
Baptist roots : a reader in the theology of a Christian people
Discourse and the social life of meaning
Three generations of suffering
The concept of the believers' church : addresses from the 1967 Louisville conference
Old ship of Zion : the Afro-Baptist ritual in the African diaspora
How to preach without notes
Baptist offspring, southern midwife - Jesse Mercer's Cluster of spiritual songs (1810) : a study in American hymnody
Anabaptist baptism : a representative study
In search of the Karen King : a study in Karen identity with special reference to 19th Century Karen Evangelism in Northern Thailand
A Baptist's theology
Into the pulpit : Southern Baptist women & power since World War II
Martin Luther King, Jr. : a Penguin life
Gathering : a theology and spirituality of worship in free church tradition
Powerhouse for God : speech, chant, and song in an Appalachian Baptist church
Baptists and Lutherans in conversation : a message to our Church
God speaks to us, too : Southern Baptist women on church, home, and society
A Baptist bibliography : being a register of printed material by and about Baptists ; including works written against the Baptists
How Jesus changes lives : Christian rehabilitation in the Russian Baptist ministry
Spurgeon's sermons
Orthodox, puritan, babtist : Hercules Collins (1647-1702) and particular babtist identity in early modern England
The rise of the laity in Evangelical Protestantism
The apostolic cell church : practical strategies for growth and outreach : from the story of faith community baptist church
Take me to the water : Immersion baptism in vintage music and photography 1890-1950
Baptist reconsideration of baptism : a presentation of the Baptist Union of Sweden and a study of its official response to BEM in relation to the public discussions primarily amongst its pastors and theologians
The color of water : a black man's tribute to his white mother
Today, many evangelicals in the Russian-speaking world emphasize sanctification as a distinctive mark of their Christian faith. This is a unique characteristic, particularly in the European context. Their historic tapestry has been woven from a number of threads that originated in the second half of the nineteenth century. Missionary efforts of the German Baptists, a revival sparked by a British evangelist, and a pietistic awakening among the Mennonites in the South converged to form a tapestry that displays Protestant, Baptist, and Anabaptist heritage. Ivan Kargel uniquely participated in the formation and ministry of each of these threads. His life spans from Tsarist Russia to the Soviet Union. Kargel refused to adhere to a systematic view of theology. Instead, he urged believers to go to Scripture and draw from the riches of a life united with Christ. Kargel's influence today is keenly felt across the Russian-speaking evangelical world as they seek to identify the roots of their spiritual identity. This book examines the influences on Ivan Kargel and offers insights into how his life and work are expressed in the tapestry of Russian evangelical spirituality.
Baptist theologians
Stepping into baptismal water : an analysis of the doctrinal reasoning connected with baptismal words and expressions of Finnish mainstream pentecostals in the early 21st century
Isaiah Shembe's hymns and the sacred dance in Ibandla lamaNazaretha
Reclaiming African religions in Trinidad : the socio-political legitimation of the Orisha and spiritual Baptist faiths
Opponent's report of  Maarit Forde's (née Laitinen) doctoral dissertation Marching to Zion : creolisation in Spiritual Baptist rituals and cosmology
