http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5043 Protestantism
Protestantism
Cromwell in Ireland
Holy Writ or Holy Church : The crisis of the protestant reformation
Puritanism and its discontents
The Protestant ethics and the spirit of punishment
Ultimate ambiguities : investigating death and liminality
Ritual and symbolism in Northern Irish parading culture
Logia : a journal of Lutheran theology
Today, many evangelicals in the Russian-speaking world emphasize sanctification as a distinctive mark of their Christian faith. This is a unique characteristic, particularly in the European context. Their historic tapestry has been woven from a number of threads that originated in the second half of the nineteenth century. Missionary efforts of the German Baptists, a revival sparked by a British evangelist, and a pietistic awakening among the Mennonites in the South converged to form a tapestry that displays Protestant, Baptist, and Anabaptist heritage. Ivan Kargel uniquely participated in the formation and ministry of each of these threads. His life spans from Tsarist Russia to the Soviet Union. Kargel refused to adhere to a systematic view of theology. Instead, he urged believers to go to Scripture and draw from the riches of a life united with Christ. Kargel's influence today is keenly felt across the Russian-speaking evangelical world as they seek to identify the roots of their spiritual identity. This book examines the influences on Ivan Kargel and offers insights into how his life and work are expressed in the tapestry of Russian evangelical spirituality.
"Over the last twenty years, incredible changes have taken place in the Presbyterian Church of Brazil. In 1959, on the occasion of its centennial celebrations, this church was acclaimed as the outstanding success story of Protestantism in Latin America; it was hailed for its vitality and for the role it seemed destined to play in the life of that nation. Today, after fifteen years of domination by a small group of reactionary leaders, it has been decimated. The word 'Presbyterian' now calls to mind the destructiveness of religious fanaticism and repression. In 'Protestantism and Repression' Rubem Alves wrestles with the questions, Why did all this happen? What is there in the structure and logic of what he calls 'Right-Doctrine Protestantism,' that leads to repression under certain historical conditions? His analysis is thorough; his insights, profound; his conclusions, astonishing. I urge you to read this book: whether you fear that our religious institutions are moving toward repression, or are convinced that it can't happen here." -- Richard Shaull, from the Foreword -- "An outstanding and internationally recognized Third World theologian, Rubem Alves has in 'Protestantism and Repression' moved from the devastating analysis of the consumer society articulated in 'A Theology of Human Hope' and 'Tomorrow's Child' to a partly autobiographical critique of the Presbyterian Church of Brazil, a church in which his roots are deeply imbedded. Alves rigorously documents the transformation of Presbyterianism in Brazil from a liberating force to a bulwark of oppression and repression; and he convincingly establishes as the cause of this deterioration what he calls 'the spirit of the Right-Doctrine Protestantism,' a socially conditioned neofundamentalism that arrogates to itself absolute knowledge and absolute power. As Richard Shaull stresses in an excellent and most informative Foreword, what has happened in Brazil could happen to North American Protestantism. But the lesson is not only for Protestants. The basic issues as defined by Alves are equally pertinent for Roman Catholics both in Latin America and in the Unites States." --Gary MacEoin
Hughes surveys 20th century theologies of work, contrasting differing approaches to consider the 'problem of labour' from a theological perspective. It is aimed at theologians concerned with how Christianity might engage in social criticism, as well as those interested in the connection between Marxist and Christian traditions.
Christianity as an issue in the history of U.S.-China relations
Was there a Lutheran metaphysics? : the interpretation of communicatio idiomatum in early modern Lutheranism
Ordination of the first Protestant Indian pastor Aaron
Protestantism and Repression : A Brazilian Case Study
Visible unity and the ministry of oversight : the Second Theological Conference held under the Meissen Agreement between the Church of England and the Evangelical Church in Germany
Our places, their spaces : urban territoriality in the Northern Irish conflict
Reformation unbound : Protestant visions of reform in England, 1525-1590
This book provides a new view of the historical conditions and methods by which godly communities turned personal experience into an authorizing principle. A broad range of life-writing is explored, including Augustine's Confessions, John Bunyan's Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners, and Richard Baxter's Reliquiae Baxterianae.
Fellowship of service : life and work of Protestant churches in Czechoslovakia
The rhetorical word : protestant theology and the rhetoric of authority
Syriac Orthodox self-understanding and the protestant challenge : a study on the internet material of the Malankara Jacobite archdiocese in North America
The Reformation : a brief history
Protestant autobiography in the seventeenth-century Anglophone world
Tudor puritanism : a chapter in the history of idealism
Eric Platt examines British participation in the Dutch religious and political disputes of the early 17th century (the Bestandstwisten) and its significant impact on both countries. Although the disputes began over predestination, they quickly took on political overtones as the two sides, the Remonstrants (Arminians) and Contra-Remonstrants, vehemently debated proper church-state relations and leading Dutch officials began supporting differing sides. By 1611 King James I and other important British figures had also become closely involved. Although the King's initial impulse was to defuse the conflict, he eventually threw his considerable influence behind the Contra-Remonstrants. This assistance helped them and their political allies secure victory, and a large British contingent participated in the Synod of Dordt that took place in the aftermath of the conflict. Not all British influences, however, came about as a result of direct involvement. Both sidesgreatly relied on British precedents and sources in arguing their positions. The conflict also had an impact on Great Britain. Observers there closely followed developments in the Bestandstwisten and repeatedly expressed concern that the conflict would spread to the British Isles. These fears proved true as the Dutch disputes contributed to increased British disputes about predestination during the 1620s. Scholars have long recognized the importance of the Bestandstwisten and Synod of Dordt for Dutch history and the development of Reformed doctrine. But there has never before been published a full-length treatment of the British involvement in the conflict and its impact on both countries. As the world prepares to commemorate the 400th anniversary of the Synod of Dordt, Platt's book fills this scholarly gap.
Early evangelicalism : a reader
A great deal of scholarship has too often juxtaposed scholasticism and piety, resulting in misunderstandings of the relationship between Protestant churches of the early modern era and the theology taught in their schools. But more recent scholarship, especially conducted by Richard A. Muller over the last number of decades, has remapped the lines of continuity and discontinuity in the relation of church and school. This research has produced a more methodologically nuanced and historically accurate representation of church and school in early modern Protestantism. Written by leading scholars of early modern Protestant theology and history and based on research using the most relevant original sources, this collection seeks to broaden our understanding of how and why clergy were educated to serve the church. Contributors include: Yuzo Adhinarta, Willem van Asselt, Irena Backus, Jordan J. Ballor, J. Mark Beach, Andreas Beck, Joel R. Beeke, Lyle D. Bierma, Raymond A. Blacketer, James E. Bradley, Dariusz M. Bryćko, Amy Nelson Burnett, Emidio Campi, Heber Carlos de Campos Jr, Kiven Choy, R. Scott Clark, Paul Fields, John V. Fesko, Paul Fields, W. Robert Godfrey, Alan Gomes, Albert Gootjes, Chad Gunnoe, Aza Goudriaan, Fred P. Hall, Byung-Soo (Paul) Han, Nathan A. Jacobs, Frank A. James III, Martin Klauber, Henry Knapp, Robert Kolb, Mark J. Larson, Brian J. Lee, Karin Maag, Benjamin T.G. Mayes, Andrew M. McGinnis, Paul Mpindi, Adriaan C. Neele, Godfried Quaedtvlieg, Sebastian Rehnman, Todd Rester, Gregory D. Schuringa, Herman Selderhuis, Donald Sinnema, Keith Stanglin, David Steinmetz, David Sytsma, Yudha Thianto, John L. Thompson, Carl Trueman, Theodore G. Van Raalte, Cornelis Venema, Timothy Wengert, Reita Yazawa, Jeongmo Yoo, and Jason Zuidema.
Victorian religious revivals : culture and piety in local and global contexts
Perspectives on 19th and 20th century Protestant theology
God and Mammon : Protestants, money, and the market, 1790-1860
American Protestantism
Bonhoeffer and Continental thought : cruciform philosophy
The reformation : critical concepts in historical studies. Vol. 3
Although nearly forgotten today, the prophetic writing of Wilhelm Friess was the most popular work of its kind in Germany in the second half of the 16th century. While the author "Wilhelm Friess" was a convenient fiction, his text had a long and remarkable history as it moved from the papal court in 14th-century Avignon, to Antwerp under Habsburg oppression, to Nuremberg as it was still reeling from Lutheran failures in the Schmalkaldic War, and then back to Antwerp at the outbreak of the Dutch revolt. Dutch scholars have recognised that Frans Fraet was executed for printing a prognostication by Willem de Vriese, but this prognostication was thought to be lost. A few scholars of 16th-century German apocalypticism have briefly noted the prophecies of Wilhelm Friess but have not studied them in depth. The Strange and Terrible Visions of Wilhelm Friess is the first to connect de Vriese and Friess, as well as recognise the prophecy of Wilhelm Friess as an adaptation of a French version of the Vademecum of Johannes de Rupescissa, making these pamphlets by far the most widespread source for Rupescissa's apocalyptic thought in Reformation Germany. The book explains the connection between the first and second prophecies of Wilhelm Friess and discovers the Calvinist context of the second prophecy and its connection to Johann Fischart, one of the most important German writers of the time. Jonathan Green provides a study of how textual history interacts with print history in early modern pamphlets and proposes a model of how early modern prophecies were created and transmitted. The Strange and Terrible Visions of Wilhelm Friess makes important contributions to the study of early modern German and Dutch literature, apocalypticism and confessionalisation during the Reformation, and the history of printing in the 16th century.
Theology and early modern philosophy (1550-1750)
Scotland's foremost composer, James MacMillan, accused his country of being a land of "sleep-walking bigotry" where "visceral anti-Catholicism" disfigures national life. Clearly MacMillan had touched a nerve. Was Scotland really "Northern Ireland without the guns and bullets?" Although the debate was intense, however, few contributions rose above the level of swapping competing anecdotes. It became clear there was a need for more reflective assessments and for hard evidence to confirm or deny the many assertions made in the course of the discussion. This text tackles the issues MacMillan raised head on. Both Catholic and Protestant perspectives are represented. MacMillan's lecture is printed in the book together with his own reaction to the media storm which it provoked.
Karl Barth : theologian of Christian witness
The faith of William Shakespeare
Liturgy wars : ritual theory and Protestant reform in nineteenth-century Zurich
Becoming Orthodox : a journey to the ancient Christian faith
Calvin and the independence of the church
The World Alliance of Reformed Churches and the modern ecumenical movement : a selected, chronological, annotated bibliography (1863-2004) : papers, statements and reports from councils, committees, departments and official commissions
Henry VIII, the league of Schmalkalden, and the English Reformation
Evangelicalism and national identity in Ulster, 1921-1998
Privacy and print : reading and writing in seventeenth-century England
The protestant work ethic : the psychology of work-related beliefs and behaviours
The passing of Protestant England
Syriac Orthodox self-understanding and the Protestant challenge : a study on the Internet material of the Malankara Jacobite Archdiocese in North America
Blessed assuarance : a history of evangelicalism in America
The Oxford handbook of evangelical theology
Protestantism : a concise survey of Protestantism and its inluence on American religious and social traditions
Emerging evangelicals : faith, modernity, and the desire for authenticity
Protestant work ethics : a study of work ethical theories in contemporary protestant theology
Church and school in early modern Protestantism : studies in honor of Richard A. Muller on the maturation of a theological tradition
Protestantism, politics, and women in Britain, 1660-1714
The reformation : critical concepts in historical studies. Vol. 4
Pasquin, Lord of Satire, and his disciples in 16th-century struggles for religious and political reform = Pasquino, signore della satira, e la lotta dei suoi discepoli per la riforma religiosa e politica nel Cinquecento : international colloquium, London, the Warburg Institute, 14-15 febbraio 2013
English evangelicals and Tudor obedience, c. 1527-1570
Protestantism and the American founding
Scotland's shame? : bigotry and sectarianism in modern Scotland
Protestantism, capitalism, and social science : the Weber thesis controversy
The Reformation : as a pre-condition for modern capitalism
An introduction to German pietism : protestant renewal at the dawn of modern Europe
The Cambridge companion to Puritanism
The quiet Reformation : magistrates and the emergence of Protestantism in Tudor Norwich
The Christian century and the rise of the Protestant mainline
From patriots to unionists : Dublin civic politics and Irish Protestant patriotism, 1660-1840
"Modern Protestant debates about spousal relations and the meaning of marriage began in a forgotten international dispute some 300 years ago. The Lutheran-Pietist ideal of marriage as friendship and mutual pursuit of holiness battled with the idea that submission defined spousal roles. Exploiting material culture artifacts, broadsides, hymns, sermons, private correspondence, and legal cases on three continents -- Europe, Asia, and North America -- A. G. Roeber reconstructs the roots and the dimensions of a continued debate that still preoccupies international Protestantism and its Catholic and Orthodox critics and observers in the twenty-first century."--Publisher's website.
A case study of mainstream protestantism : the disciples' relation to American culture, 1880-1989
An introduction to the Oxford Movement
Zur Lehre und Praxis der Taufe = On the doctrine and practice of baptism. ; Zur Lehre und Praxis des Abendmahls = On the doctrine and practice of the Lordś Supper
Anti-Catholicism and nineteenth-century fiction
White protestant Americans : from national origins to religious group
Coming home : why Protestant clergy are becoming Orthodox
Luther on the Christian life : cross and freedom
Evangelicalism has played a prominent role in western religion since the dawn of modernity. Coinciding with the emergence of the Enlightenment in America and Europe, evangelicalism flourished during the transatlantic revivals of the eighteenth century. In addition to adopting Protestantism's core beliefs of justification by faith, scripture alone, and the priesthood of believers, early evangelicals emphasized conversion and cross-cultural missions to a greater extent than Christians of previous generations. Most people today associate early evangelicalism with only a few of its leaders. Yet this was a religious movement that involved more people than simply Jonathan Edwards, John Wesley, and George Whitefield. Early evangelicals were Anglicans, Baptists, Congregationalists, Methodists, Moravians, and Presbyterians and could be found in America, Canada, Great Britain, and Western Europe. They published hymns, historical works, poems, political pamphlets, revival accounts, sermons, and theological treatises. They recorded their conversion experiences and kept diaries and journals that chronicled their spiritual development. Early Evangelicalism: A Reader is an anthology that introduces a host of important religious figures. After brief biographical sketches of each author, this book offers over sixty excerpts from a wide range of well-known and lesser-known Protestant Christians, representing a variety of denominations, geographical locations, and underrepresented groups in order to produce the most comprehensive sourcebook of its kind. -- Review: "[A] helpful new publication." --Baptist Quarterly"In recent days, a number of historians have lamented the path taken by evangelicalism, regarding it as a regrettable dumbing-down of the doctrinal richness of the Reformation. But Yeager's collection speaks better things -- it reveals a powerful movement, theologically rich with true affective interiority, that brought about a profound transformation of life and culture in the trans-Atlantic world." --Southern Baptist Journal of Theology"This is a very encouraging read. It will no doubt find its place as a leading source book for students for students of the period but could equally be used as an edifying stimulant for spiritual meditation as part of a daily quiet time." --Churchman"Jonathan Yeager's Early Evangelicalism is a definitive document collection on the broad sweep of eighteenth-century evangelical faith. The book's authors, who hailed from North America, Britain, and the Continent, range from learned theologians to lyrical hymnists and earnest diarists. Anyone interested in evangelical Christianity will profit from Yeager's wealth of resources." --Thomas S. Kidd, author of The Great Awakening: The Roots of Evangelical Christianity in Colonial America"This helpful collection of works from those involved in the development of evangelicalism will be of interest to Baptist historians, especially those with an interest in the re-energising of Baptist life which took place in the mid to late eighteenth century." --Baptist Quarterly
Classics of Protestantism
Are those congas in the pulpit? : hymns, alabanza y adoracion (praise and worship) music, and the Evangelical subculture of Western Cuba
The believers' church : the history and character of radical protestantism
The death of Oliver Cromwell
Records of the General Conference of the Protestant Missionaries of China : held at Shanghai, May 7-20, 1890.
Hierarchy and pluralism : living religious difference in Catholic Poland
The creed of an evangelical churchman
A two-volume work by Douglas Ottati, Theology for Liberal Protestants presents a comprehensive theology for Christians who are willing to rethink and revise traditional doctrines in face of contemporary challenges. It is Augustinian, claiming that we belong to the God of grace who creates, judges, and renews. It is Protestant, affirming the priority of the Bible and the fallibility of church teaching. It is liberal, recognizing the importance of critical arguments and scientific inquiries, a deeply historical consciousness, and a commitment to social criticism and engagement. This first volume contains sections on method and creation. Ottati's method envisions the world and ourselves in relation to God as Creator, Judge, and Redeemer. The bulk of the book offers an in-depth discussion of God as Creator, the world as creation, and humans as good, capable, and limited creatures.
Founding the Fathers : early church history and Protestant professors in nineteenth-century America
Rerouting the Protestant mainstream : sources of growth & opportunities for change
Icon and pulpit : the Protestant-Orthodox encounter
Slavery and sin : the fight against slavery and the rise of liberal Protestantism
The great awakening : documents illustrating the crisis and its consequences
Evangelical protestantism in Ulster society 1740-1890
Revivals were outburst of religious enthusiasm in which there were numerous conversions. They occurred in many places across the globe, but revealed the shared characteristics of evangelical Protestantism. In this book the phenomenon of revival is set in its broad historical context and a chapter discusses the ways in which the subject has been addressed by previous historians. Seven chapters provide detailed case-studies of awakenings that took place between 1841 and 1880 in Britain, North America, and Australia, showing that the distinctive features of particular revivals were the result less of national differences than of denominational variations. There is full exploration of the preconditions of revival, giving attention to the cultural setting of each episode as well as the form of piety displayed by the participants. No single cause can be assigned to the awakenings, but it is evident that occupational structure was one of the chief factors behind them and that striking instances of death were often a precipitant. It becomes apparent that ideas were far more involved in these events than historians have normally supposed, so that the case-studies demonstrate some of the main patterns in religious thought at a popular level during the Victorian period. Laymen and women played a disproportionate part in their promotion and converts were usually drawn in large numbers from the young. There was a trend over time away from traditional spontaneity towards more organised methods entailing interdenominational co-operation. The local studies reveal a great deal about global religious tendencies.
The cross and the rising sun : the Canadian Protestant missionary movement in the Japanese empire, 1872-1931
Yesterday and today : a survey of Czechoslovak Protestantism
Women and twentieth-century Protestantism
General discourse discusses reformation as a spiritual or cultural phenomenon. Recently, the issue comes up in the context of integration policy. The difficulty of integrating Islamic immigrants into Western society is seen as consequent to the lack of the Islam having undergone a reformation. Three generations ago, discussions in the social sciences and, indeed, the news media, were more advanced. Religion was seen as a necessary element of the fabric of any society, and hence, different religions were discussed in terms of how they could together form the social fabric of modern capitalism.
The early Luther : stages in a Reformation reorientation
Examines the history and development of Moravian theology, from its origins in the Hussite movement to the work of Comenius. Explores the theology of the Unity of the Brethren within the context of the Protestant Reformation.
Who are "the people"? : Unionism, Protestantism and Loyalism in Northern Ireland
The Emerging Church movement developed in the mid-1990s among primarily white, urban, middle-class pastors and laity who were disenchanted with America's conservative Evangelical sub-culture. It is a response to the increasing divide between conservative Evangelicals and concerned critics who strongly oppose what they consider overly slick, corporate, and consumerist versions of faith. A core feature of their response is a challenge to traditional congregational models, often focusing on new church plants and creating networks of related house churches. Drawing on three years of ethnographic fieldwork, James S. Bielo explores the impact of the Emerging Church movement on American Evangelicals. He combines ethnographic analysis with discussions of the movement's history, discursive contours, defining practices, cultural logics, and contentious interactions with conservative Evangelical critics to rethink the boundaries of "Evangelical" as a category. Ultimately, Bielo makes a novel contribution to our understanding of the important changes at work among American Protestants, and illuminates how Emerging Evangelicals interact with the cultural conditions of modernity, late modernity, and visions of "postmodern" Christianity. James S. Bielo is Visiting Assistant Professor of Anthropology at Miami University in Oxford, OH. He is the author of Words Upon the Word: An Ethnography of Evangelical Group Bible Study (NYU Press) and editor of The Social Life of Scriptures: Cross-cultural Perspectives on Biblicism.
The kingdom of God in America
William Shakespeare stills stands head and shoulders above any other author in the English language, a position that is unlikely ever to change. Yet it is often said that we know very little about him – and that applies as much to what he believed as it does to the rest of his biography. Or does it? In this authoritative new study, Graham Holderness takes us through the context of Shakespeare’s life, times of religious and political turmoil, and looks at what we do know of Shakespeare the Anglican. But then he goes beyond that, and mines the plays themselves, not just for the words of the characters, but for the concepts, themes and language which Shakespeare was himself steeped in – the language of the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer. Considering particularly such plays as Richard ll, Henry V, The Merchant of Venice, Measure for Measure, Hamlet, Othello, The Tempest and The Winter’s Tale, Holderness shows how the ideas of Catholicism come up against those of Luther and Calvin; how Christianity was woven deep into Shakespeare’s psyche, and how he brought it again and again to his art.
Mark A. Noll presents a fresh and accessible history of Protestantism from the era of Martin Luther to the present day. Beginning with the founding of Lutheran, Reformed, Anglican, and Anabaptist churches in the sixteenth-century Reformation, he also considers the rise of other important Christian movements like Methodism and Pentecostalism. Focussing on worldwide developments, rather than just the familiar European and American histories, he considers the recent expansion of Protestant movements in Africa, China, India, and Latin America, emphasising the on-going and rapidly expanding story of Protestants worldwide. Noll examines the contributions from well-known figures including Martin Luther and John Calvin, along with many others, and explores why Protestant energies have flagged recently in the Western world yet expanded so dramatically elsewhere. Highlighting the key points of Protestant commonality including the message of Christian salvation, reliance on the Bible, and organization through personal initiative, he also explores the reasons for Protestantism's extraordinary diversity.
America's God : from Jonathan Edwards to Abraham Lincoln
Theology for liberal Protestants : God the creator
Natural law : a Lutheran reappraisal
"In 1517, the actions of a simple monk ushered in a period of unparalleled religious and political upheaval. The Reformation: A Brief History provides a succinct yet comprehensive introduction to this extraordinary period, showing how and why the Protestant Reformation arose and unfolded. In this rich account, the author skillfully blends social history, religious and theological ideas with economic and political factors. The description is well-rounded, drawing not just on the actions of the main characters, but also the experiences and ideas of ordinary people, the quest for social justice, and the conflicting approaches to Christian unity. The events of the Reformation are placed in the context of Christian history to offer a fuller understanding of the period. The result is a truly engaging narrative that shows the reader exactly what was at stake, and why, as the events unfurled. Accessible, lucid and based on the best of current research, this book offers readers a wonderful overview of one of the most critical periods in Western history"--
Roads to Rome : the antebellum Protestant encounter with Catholicism
The strange and terrible visions of Wilhelm Friess : the paths of prophecy in Reformation Europe
Encyclopedia of protestantism
A Protestant theology of religious pluralism
The protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism
Loyalty and loss : the Reformed Church in America, 1945-1994
Calvin's company of pastors : pastoral care and the emerging Reformed Church, 1536-1609
Dietrich Bonhoeffer : witness to Jesus Christ
Church dogmatics : general index
Radical Orthodoxy and the Reformed tradition : creation, covenant, and participation
What do Presbyterians believe? : The Westminster Confession yesterday and today
The Blackwell companion to Protestantism
A divinity for all persuasions : popular print and early American religious life
The reformation : critical concepts in historical studies. Vol.2
The life and writings of Hercules Collins provide a window into understanding how seventeenth-century Baptists viewed themselves in relationship to historic Christianity and Puritan orthodoxy: Collins was not only a respected member of the Particular Baptist community, but was also a faithful representative of that community. Stephan Weaver's examination of Collins' commitment to historic Christianity and Protestant orthodoxy serves as an opportunity to understand better the doctrinal commitments of seventeenth-century English Particular Baptists.
Calvinus pastor ecclesiae : papers of the Eleventh International Congress on Calvin Research
Antwerp in the age of Reformation : underground Protestantism in a commercial metropolis, 1550-1577
Interpreting Northern Ireland
In this work, leading scholars compare the differences and points of intersection between the growing Radical Orthodoxy (RO) movement and the Reformed tradition. This timely discussion deals with many of the hot topics currently being debated in theological and philosophical circles, including the material world's participation in transcendence, aesthetics, politics, covenant, and cultural theory. It represents an emerging willingness among proponents of RO to examine and engage the Dutch Reformed tradition, and also reflects the growing influence of RO on the Reformed tradition. This book will be enjoyed by scholars concerned with the intersection between RO and the Reformed tradition. A companion book to Smith's recently published Introducing Radical Orthodoxy, it will also be of interest to students of philosophy and theology.
Northern Protestants : an unsettled people
Christianity's dangerous idea : the Protestant revolution - a history from the sixteenth century to the twenty-first
'Puritan' was originally a term of contempt, and 'Puritanism' has often been stereotyped by critics and admirers alike. As a distinctive and particularly intense variety of early modern Reformed Protestantism, it was a product of acute tensions within the post-Reformation Church of England. But it was never monolithic or purely oppositional, and its impact reverberated far beyond seventeenth-century England and New England. This Companion broadens our understanding of Puritanism, showing how students and scholars might engage with it from new angles and uncover the surprising diversity that fermented beneath its surface. The book explores issues of gender, literature, politics and popular culture in addition to addressing the Puritans' core concerns such as theology and devotional praxis, and coverage extends to Irish, Welsh, Scottish and European versions of Puritanism as well as to English and American practice. It challenges readers to re-evaluate this crucial tradition within its wider social, cultural, political and religious contexts.
The Reformation : faith and flames
Orthodox, puritan, babtist : Hercules Collins (1647-1702) and particular babtist identity in early modern England
Hatred in print : Catholic propaganda and Protestant identity during the French wars of religion
The development of Russian evangelical spirituality : a study of Ivan Kargel (1849-1937)
Weber's protestant ethic : origins, evidence, contexts
The heart of this book lies in the important discovery that a pivotal Tudor argument in favor of the Royal Supremacy - the argument from Psalm 82 that earthly kings are 'gods' on this earth - is in fact Zwinglian in origin. This teaching from Psalm 82, which originated in Zurich in the mid-1520s, was soon used extensively in England to justify the Supremacy, and English evangelicals - from Tyndale to Cranmer - unanimously embraced this Protestant argument in their writings on political obedience. The discovery of this link shows conclusive, textual proof of the 'Zurich Connection' between Swiss political teachings and those popular under Tudor kings. This study argues, then, that evangelical attitudes towards royal authority were motivated by the assumption that Protestantism supported 'godly kingship' over against 'papal tyranny'. As such, it is the first monograph to find a vital connection between early Swiss Protestant similar teachings on obedience and later teachings by evangelicals.
Justice and Christian ethics
Socinianism and Arminianism : Antitrinitarians, Calvinists, and cultural exchange in seventeenth-century Europe
Protestant identities : religion, society, and self-fashioning in post-Reformation England
Fundamentally revising the understanding of the nature and intellectual contours of early English Protestantism, Karl Gunther argues that sixteenth- century English evangelicals were calling for reforms and envisioning godly life in ways that were far more radical than have hitherto been appreciated. Typically such ideas have been seen as later historical developments, associated especially with radical puritanism, but Gunther's work draws attention to their development in the earliest decades of the English Reformation. Along the way, the book offers new interpretations of central episodes in this period of England's history, such as the "Troubles at Frankfurt" under Mary and the Elizabethan vestments controversy. By shedding new light on early English Protestantism, the book ultimately casts the later development of puritanism in a new light, enabling us to re-situate it in a history of radical Protestant thought that reaches back to the beginnings of the English Reformation itself.
Protestantism : a very short introduction
The Bible, Protestantism, and the rise of natural science
Christians, Jews, and other worlds : patterns of conflict and accommodation : the Avery lectures in history
Christianity and American democracy
The politics of religion in early modern France
Semiotics of religion : signs of the sacred in history
The end of work : theological critiques of capitalism
The annotated Luther. Volume 2, Word and faith
Religion and society in Latin America : interpretative essays from conquest to present
Change and identity : protestant English interpretations of John Henry Newman's secession, 1845-1864
In Calvin's Company of Pastors, Scott Manetsch examines the pastoral theology and practical ministry activities of Geneva's reformed ministers from the time of Calvin's arrival in Geneva until the beginning of the seventeenth century.
Confessional sanctity (c. 1500 - c. 1800)
The spirit and forms of Protestantism
Jerome Zanchi (1516-90) and the analysis of reformed scholastic Christology
The modernist impulse in American Protestantism
Protestant theology and the making of the modern German university
The son of God beyond the flesh : a historical and theological study of the extra Calvinisticum
Roman Catholics and Evangelicals : agreements and differences
Revivalism and social reform : American Protestantism on the eve of the Civil War
The anthropology of Protestantism : faith and crisis among Scottish fishermen
Offering a meticulously researched yet also deeply personal history of the Reformed Church in America throughout much of the twentieth century, Lynn Japinga's Loyalty and Loss will be of intense interest to the members of the RCA, reminding them of where they have come from, of the bonds that have held them together, and of the many conflicts and challenges that they have together faced and ultimately surmounted. For those outside the RCA the questions of identity raised by this book will often sound very familiar, especially, perhaps, in its account of the church's struggle throughout recent decades to reconcile the persistently ecumenical spirit of many of its members with the desire of others within the denomination to preserve a real or imagined conservative exclusivity. Others may find the conflicts within the RCA reflective of their own experiences, especially as they relate to such issues as denominational mergers, abortion, the Viet Nam war, and women's ordination.
Temples for protestants : studies in the architectural milieu of the Early Reformed Church and of the Lutheran Church
Thomas Aquinas and Karl Barth : an unofficial Catholic-Protestant dialogue
This is our story : Free Church women's ministry
Common whores, vertuous women, and loveing wives : free will Christian women in colonial Maryland
Christianity and imperialism in modern Japan : empire for God
Bible Conversations : Catholic-protestant Dialogues on the Bible, Tradition, and Salvation
The legacy of iconoclasm : religious war and the relic landscape of Tours, Blois and Vendôme, 1550-1750
Mainline Christianity : the past and future of America's majority faith
The Westminster Confession into the 21st century : essays in rememberance of the 350th anniversary of the Westminster Assembly, v. 3
Calvinism : a very short introduction
Singing the Lord's song in a strange land : hymnody in the history of North American Protestantism
Protestants in Russia
American sociology : worldly rejections of religion and their directions
MBI : the story of Moody Bible Institute
The evangelicals and the synoptic problem
The theology of the Czech Brethren from Hus to Comenius
Philip Melanchthon's rhetorical construal of biblical authority : Oratio sacra
The Evangelicals and the Synoptic Problem aims to investigate how evangelical Christians and their Protestant forebears, labeled early orthodox Protestants, have dealt with the classic puzzle of New Testament criticism known as the Synoptic Problem. The particular theories considered are the Independence Hypothesis, the Augustinian Hypothesis, the Two-Gospel Hypothesis, the Two-Source Hypothesis, and the Farrer Hypothesis. Starting with John Calvin and continuing to the modern day, consideration is given to the various hypotheses provided by early orthodox Protestant and evangelical biblical scholars throughout the centuries. Special attention is given to major evangelical contributors to the subject since 1950. In addition, a chapter is devoted to the role ecclesiology has played in evangelical consideration of the synoptic problem. After analyzing the opinions offered over almost half a millennium, it is compelling to note how arguments have changed and how they have remained the same.
Life in God : John Calvin, practical formation, and the future of Protestant theology
This is a study in the Christology of Jerome Zanchi (1516-90), a leading 16th century reformed scholastic theologian. The study as a whole is bound together by doctrinal topics, themes and trajectories important to the 16th century Christological debates as well as by philosophical issues and arguments. In the first chapter, Stefan Lindholm situates Zanchi in the contemporary research into reformed scholasticism. Lindholm gives an account of what he calls 'analytic Christology' and why it is relevant to the present study. In the second chapter, he contextualizes Zanchi's Christology, historically and theologically. He discusses the sources and context of Zanchi's Christology and characterize it as catholic, scholastic and reformed. In the second part, on the hypostatic union, Lindholm evaluates Zanchi's view of the virgin birth – The process of hominization – in the third chapter. In the fourth chapter, he analyses Zanchi's uses of the part-whole and soul-body similes for the hypostatic union. What emerges is a rather ambiguous view of the hypostatic union. At the end of this chapter, Lindholm offers further correctives to Zanchi's assumed metaphysical framework in order to better accommodate the sort of claims Zanchi wants to make about the hypostatic union. The central theme in the debate between the Lutherans and the reformed theologians, the communication of properties, is treated in the third part. Chapter five deals with Zanchi's controversy with Martin Chemnitz' notion of the majestic genus (genus maiestaticum). In the sixth chapter Lindholm discusses the most heated issue in the debate about the communication of properties: ubiquity. He shows that Zanchi tends to argue against a sort of generalized version of ubiquity but it is not clear that Chemnitz actually ascribed to that position which weakens the force of Zanchi's arguments. Finally, Lindholm looks at two scholastic arguments found in Chemnitz for multi-location and reconstruct a possible Zanchian response to them. In a postscript, Lindholm suggests some trajectories for future research.
Protestants & pictures : religion, visual culture, and the age of American mass production
The protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism with other writings on the rise of the West
Johann Sleidan and the Protestant vision of history
Creating the commonwealth : the economic culture of puritan New England
Barbeyrac on toleration
A Protestant legacy : attitudes to death and illness among older Aberdinians
Re-forming the center : American Protestantism, 1900 to the present
Hopes for better spouses : protestant marriage and church renewal in early modern Europe, India, and North America
Encyclopedia of Protestantism
Doctrinal relationship between Protestantism and charismatic renewal
Herman Speelman deals with a central question in the intellectual history of the sixteenth century: to what extent can Calvin be regarded as responsible for the tendency in Calvinism or, broader, in Reformed Protestantism, to form a church which has its own ecclesiastical organization and office bearers? So far, claiming a great deal of independence for the church has been considered an important aspect of Calvin's legacy. In this line of reasoning, it is assumed that Calvin was a strong opponent of the church as a state organization that did not have its own governing body and power of excommunication. To better understand this issue, we first examine the position of the church within the city-state of Bern. Secondly, we direct our attention to the manner in which Calvin gave form to ecclesiastical life in Geneva. Next we deal with the church in France, and finally, we examine the influence of Calvin and French Calvinism on the organization of the Reformed church in The Netherlands in the 1570s.
The retreat to commitment
The Protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism
Poor relief and Protestantism : the evolution of social welfare in sixteenth-century Emden
The reformation : critical concepts in historical studies. Vol.1
A popular dictionary of Protestantism : with a preface by A. Leonard Griffith
Selected writings of Martin Luther
Order of creation
"The Reformation: A Brief History is a succinct and engaging introduction to the origins and history of the Protestant Reformation. A rich overview of the Reformation, skillfully blending social, political, religious and theological dimensions A clearly and engagingly written narrative which draws on the latest and best scholarship Includes the history of the Reformation in Scandinavia and Eastern Europe, areas that are rarely covered in any detail The Reformation is placed in the context of the entire history of Christianity to draw out its origins, impetus, and legacy "--
Britain and the Bestandstwisten : the causes, course and consequences of British involvementin the Dutch religious and political disputes of the early seventeenth century
The spirit of Protestantism
Rich in detail and broad in scope, this majestic book is the first to reveal the interaction of politics and religion in France during the crucial years of the long seventeenth century. Joseph Bergin begins with the Wars of Religion, which proved to be longer and more violent in France than elsewhere in Europe and left a legacy of unresolved tensions between church and state with serious repercussions for each. He then draws together a series of unresolved problems--both practical and ideological--that challenged French leaders thereafter, arriving at an original and comprehensive view of the close interrelations between the political and spiritual spheres of the time. The author considers the powerful religious dimension of French royal power even in the seventeenth century, the shift from reluctant toleration of a Protestant minority to increasing aversion, conflicts over the independence of the Catholic Church and the power of the pope over secular rulers, and a wealth of other interconnected topics.
Building God's kingdom : Norwegian missionaries in highland Madagascar, 1866-1903
Caring, growing, changing : a history of the Protestant mission in Korea
The Christian Century is widely regarded as the most influential religious magazine in America for most of the twentieth century. Coffman traces its chronic financial struggles, evolving editorial positions, and often fractious relations among writers, editors, and readers. Until the late 1940s, the magazine spoke out about many of the most pressing social and political issues of the time; but by the 1950s, internal strife shattered the illusion of Protestant consensus.
God's twofold love : the theology of Jacob Arminius (1559-1609)
German and Scandinavian Protestantism 1700-1918
Values in conservation : the relationship between values, religion and european society
Orange parades : the politics of ritual, tradition and control
