http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5054 intelligence tests
intelligence tests
Foundations of psychological testing : a practical approach
The measurement of intelligence of infants and young children
Validity in psychological measurement : an investigation of test norms
Intelligence and attainment tests
Improve your verbal reasoning
IQ : how psychology hijacked intelligence
Culture and children's intelligence : cross-cultural analysis of the WISC-III
Selection & recruitment : a critical text
The Bender gestalt test for young children
Words for smart test-takers : SAT, ACT, GRE, GMAT, LSAT
Numeracy tests for dummies
IQ and psychometric tests : assess your personality, aptitude, and intelligence
Experience of mediated learning : an impact of Feuerstein's theory in education and psychology
Intelligent testing with the WISC-R
Clinical interpretation of the WAIS III and WMS III
Exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis in studying thestructure of the WISC-R
A study of intellectual functions in children by means of the KTK performance scales
Intelligence and abilities
Handbook of psychological and educational assessment of children : intelligence, aptitude, and achievement
IQ and personality tests; assess your creativity, aptitude and intelligence
Book of IQ tests : book 5
Deaf education in the 21st century : topics and trends
Intellegence and exceptionality : new directions for theory, assessment, and instructional practices
The ToM storybooks as a tool of studying chidren's theory of mind in Finland
Ultimate aptitude tests : assess and develop your potential with numerical, verbal and abstract tests
Train your brain : puzzle book : brain-scrambling challenges
Handbook of intelligence : evolutionary theory, historical perspective, and current concepts
Working memory and academic learning : assessment and intervention
Intelligence : reconceptualization and measurement
WAIS-IV clinical use and interpretation
How smart is your dog? : discover if your pet can solve these fun canine tests
Test your EQ : assess your emotional intelligence with 22 personality questionaires
Intelligence and intelligence testing
Validity in psychological measurement:an investigation of test norms
Ultimate IQ tests : 1,000 practice test questions to boost your brainpower
The measurement of adult intelligence
Assessment of intellectual functioning
Introduction to personality and intelligence
Test your IQ : 400 new tests to boost your brainpower!
Mighty brain teasers
How to pass numeracy tests
Intelligence : a brief history
Essentials of psychological testing
The Helsinki test : the inkblots and using the test
Test your own IQ
Intelligence : a new look
Mensa presents : the ultimate mental challenge
Intelligent testing with the WISC-III
IQ and aptitude tests : assess your verbal, numerical and spatial reasoning skills
Are you smarter than you think? : over 150 tests to help you discover and exploit your natural intelligence
Rorschach, WAIS and three psychomotor tests as a test battery. Volume 2, Tables, matrices and other normative data
Race and IQ
Test your IQ : 400 questions to boost your brain power
The new IQ : use your working memory to think stronger, smarter, faster
This extensive study integrates the latest research on individual differences and the interface between deafness and the environment and intelligence. Dr. Braden utilizes meta-analysis techniques to assess data from over 8,000 subjects in 50 studies to explore the broad-ranging effects of deafness on such factors of IQ differences, family dynamics, social interactions, genetic and interaction theories, and racial differences.   table of content Deafness as a Natural Experiment.  Deafness as a Natural Experiment-Revisited.  The Study of Deaf People's Intelligence.  Evaluating the Outcomes of Deafness as a Natural Experiment. Implications of Deafness, Deprivation, and IQ for IQ Differences Between Groups.  The Value of Deaf Children as a Natural Experiment for Understanding IQ Differences Between Groups. Index.
Deafness, deprivation, and IQ
Mensa mindbenders : word puzzles, number puzzles, mazes, fun IQ tests
Inventing intelligence : how America came to worship IQ
IQ testing : increase your vocabulary and develop your powers of calculation and logical reasoning
Bias in mental testing
Essentials of WAIS-IV assessment
The intelligence men : makers of the IQ controversy
Match wits with Mensa : the complete quiz book
Probabilistic models for some intelligence and attainment tests
Challenge your IQ : [discover how smart you really are]
Assessing deaf adults : critical issues in testing and evaluation
Measurement of intelligence by drawings
The measurement and appraisal of adult intelligence
Improve your numerical reasoning
A lifetime of intelligence : follow-up studies of the Scottish mental surveys of 1932 and 1947
What intelligence tests miss : the psychology of rational thought
How smart is your cat? : discover if your pet can solve these fun feline tests
How good is your IQ?
Puzzles for super brains : a personal selection of old and new puzzles
Assessing adolescent and adult intelligence
IQ and human intelligence
The ultimate puzzle challenge
Specifically developed as a current and comprehensive look at the rapidly evolving field of deaf education, this first edition text covers a wide array of critical topics regarding deaf and hard-of-hearing education including cognition, social development, personal development, myths and misconceptions, postsecondary opportunities and employment, cochlear implants, and personnel training.
IQ and aptitude tests : assess your verbal, numerical, and spatial reasoning skills
Are we getting smarter? : rising IQ in the twenty-first century
The new psychometrics : science, psychology and measurement
IQ and psychometric tests : assess your personality, aptitude and intelligence
Clinical interpretation of the Welchsler intelligence scale for children (WISC)
Measuring intelligence : facts and fallacies
The influences of age, intelligence, gender, and socio-economic status on perceived competencies of gifted and talented children
Testing times : the uses and abuses of assessment
The mismeasure of man
Bilingualism and cognition : informing research, pedagogy, and policy
Rorschach, WAIS and three psychomotor tests as a test battery : a methodological and normative study with a large Finnish sample
Ultimate IQ tests : 1,000 practice test questions to boost your brain power
Beyond IQ : a triarchic theory of human intelligence
The structure and measurement of intelligence
Diagnostic monitoring of skill and knowledge acquisition
Boost your creative intelligence
Have you ever wondered what IQ is and how it is measured? Why is there such a premium placed on high IQ? What do we mean by intelligence? What does your IQ score mean? There can be no denying the enduring appeal of IQ over the last century. It is probably one of the most misunderstood yet highly researched psychological constructs ever. Such has been the controversy surrounding this topic that it is difficult to distinguish fact from fiction. The primary aim of Intelligence and Intelligence Testing is to provide a balanced and accurate account of this controversial psychological construct, discussing the history and current status of the research on intelligence and providing an overview of its development, measurement and use. From Galton, Spearman and Binet to the relatively recent controversy caused by the research of Herrnstein and Murray this important book reviews the history, the major and current developments, and makes a major claim about the importance today of "problem solving on demand" as one of the key components of today's notions of intelligence. Chapters include coverage of: - Intelligence and schooling - Cultural differences in views of intelligence - The history of IQ testing and its emergence into public consciousness - IQ as predictor of educational and occupational outcomes - Psychometrics and measurement of intelligence - The future of intelligence research Written by the author of the highly-regarded Visual Learning, this textbook will be invaluable for all undergraduate and Masters level students studying the theory of intelligence and the impact of testing on educational. Detailed and annotated further reading lists and a glossary of terms are also included.
