http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5058 population structure
population structure
Demographic change in Germany : the economic and fiscal consequences
Demography report
Aging and the macroeconomy : long-term implications of an older population
Republic of Namibia : 1991 population and housing census : basic analysis with highlights
Handbook of population
Insight into Korea
The demographic transition : stages, patterns, and economic implications : a longitudinal study of sixty-seven countries covering the period 1720-1984
Traditional reproduction of the population in Estonia in the 17th and 18th centuries
HIV/AIDS, the major demographic challenge of Namibia
Population in Finland : past, present, future
Ageing and economic performance : dilemmas and dichotomies
Socio-economic baseline study of the Leningrad region, the Republic of Karelia and the Murmansk region
Examination of the real estate market under connnnsidering demographic changes and finding sustainable approaches
Effects of fertility trends on population aging in Finland
An evolutionary perspective on population growth
"The Handbook brings together a group of international scholars of various disciplinary backgrounds to take issue with the world's fastest demographic transition. Topics include the dynamics of gender roles, images of age, policy formation, labour market structures, pension system, living arrangements, ethical values, and many more. Against the background of Japan's demographic change, the latest developments in these fields are being introduced, and whenever appropriate set into a context of historical and/or international comparison. This Handbook is the first comprehensive publication in English on Japan's demographic change."--BOOK JACKET.
The European below replacement fertility
Cross-regional analysis of population aging in the Arctic
Urban housing for the better-off : gentrification in Europe
Comparative perspectives on rural development and policy challenges in Sogn og Fjordane
Land and population movements in Kenya
This dissertation is comprised of three independent essays with the unifying theme of how uncertainty affects the macroeconomy. The first essay studies an incomplete market economy where the firm faces a non-trivial investment decision due to capital adjustment costs. The adjustment costs make the price of capital endogenous and help to explain the observed volatility of the returns to physical capital. The particular form of market incompleteness that is assumed in the essay is however not enough to match the observed price of risk. The essay contains also a technical contribution in showing how Arrow prices of contingent commodities can be used in computing the equilibrium in this class of models.The second essay studies the effect of population aging on asset prices. The modeling framework features deterministic transition paths for demographic structure and level of government expenditures along with aggregate uncertainty at business cycle frequency. The demographic transition leads to a projected increase of in tax rates that are needed to finance the government expenditures. This requires higher savings rates from households which reduces volatility of consumption growth and reduces the price of aggregate risk.The third essay is an empirical study which uses betting market data from the Swedish harness horse racing in conjunction with economic confidence indices. The main finding is that the risk attitudes of bettors that are reflected by the betting market data covary with the more traditional confidence measures in a reasonable way. The essay also contains a simple forecasting exercise which shows that the novel risk measure may also be useful in forecasting the industrial production. The results of the study are interpreted in terms of behavioral macroeconomics.
Child and family : demographic developments in the OECD countries
Demographic change reduces labour force and number of employed
The demographic revolution
Demographic statistics
A portrait of population Kerala : census of India 1981
The European experience of declining fertility, 1850-1970 : the quiet revolution
The development of the food retailing real estate market under the aspect of the demographic change : a study of the current and the future structures of the food retailing industry in rural areas as well as base and mediumsized centers in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
Patching the population pyramid in Japan : an ethnic dilemma
Migrants in Europe : a statistical portrait of the first and second generation
Population development in Finland - a challenge for society
Since the financial crisis, the population structure and age structure of the Finnish labour force have changed as the baby boomer cohorts retire. As well as capital formation and productivity, labour input constitutes one of the pillars of economic growth, meaning that the contraction of the working-age population directly cuts the growth rate of potential output. What is the scale of this problem? Further, how has the situation already been reflected on the Finnish labour market, and what implications will it have over the next five years?.
The population situation in the ECWA region : Syrian Arab republic
Employment
Differences in the spatial structure of the population between Finland and Sweden in 1995 : a GIS viewpoint
The demographic challenge : a handbook about Japan
The impact of the post-war baby-boom in Finland
The impact of demographic change in Kokkola region
Change in the population structure in Finland
Personality disorders in the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort Study
Keski-Suomen tila 93 = State of Central Finland 93
Changing age-sex composition as an indication of ethnic reidentification : the mordvins
The tourism and leisure industry : shaping the future
Population analysis in geography
Land and people in the Kano close-settled zone : a survey of some aspects of rural economy in the Ungogo District, Kano Province
Ageing societies : myths, challenges and opportunities
La population active et sa structure = The working population and its structure
Going solo : the extraordinary rise and surprising appeal of living alone
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
Active and retirement life expectancy in Finland
Introduction to demographic analysis : principles and methods
Population aging and the generational economy : a global perspective
Towards an aging society : some demographic and socioeconomic aspects of population aging in Finland
Maaseudun aluerakenteen muutos 1985-1995 = Förändringen av landsbygdens regionala struktur = Change of rural regional structure
Väestörakenne kunnittain = Befolkningens sammansättning kommunvis = Structure of population by municipality. 31.12.1988
Transformations of reproductive behavior during the fertility transition : a family reconstitution study of a Finnish parish
The demographic situation in the European Union : 1994 report
Welfare in an idle society? : reinventing retirement, work, wealth, health, and welfare
Living the rural in a shrinking economy : household adaptions to economic and demographic decline in an Ostrobothnian village
The demographic situation in the European Union 1995
Demographic report 1997
Observations on age-dimensional structure of Fucus vesiculosus : the dominating species of waters at the Barents Sea and the Kola Bay
Concentration and deconcentration of Finnish population by age groups in 1975-1995
Through a series of case studies this book demonstrates the wide-ranging impact of demographic dynamics on social, economic and political structures in the Graeco-Roman world. The individual case studies focus on fertility, mortality and migration and the roles they played in various aspects of ancient life. These studies – drawn from a range of populations in Athens and Attica, Rome and Italy, and Graeco-Roman Egypt – illustrate how new insights can be gained by applying demographic methods to familiar themes in ancient history. Methodological issues are addressed in a clear, straightforward manner with no assumption of prior technical knowledge, ensuring that the book is accessible to readers with no training in demography. The book marks an important step forward in ancient historical demography, affirming both the centrality of population studies in ancient history and the contribution that antiquity can make to population history in general.
A note on the use of antipacitory covariates in event history analysis
On population development in Estonia and Finland
Changes in the household structure of the Finnish elderly by age, sex and educational attainment in 1987–2035
Old Europe? : demographic change and pension reform
Persons living alone in Finland
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Demographic changes in the aged populations of four Nordic countries
Studies on macroeconomics and uncertainty
Problems in African history : the precolonial centuries
Aging and loss : mourning and maturity in contemporary Japan
The declining percentage of the working-age people
Biological aspects of demography
Nordic demography : bulletin of the Nordic Demographic Society. Volume 21
Demographic patterns in the Åland Islands, Finland, 1750-1900
Gender and rurality
The empty cradle : how falling birthrates threaten world prosperity and what to do about it
Portrait of the Helsinki region
Demographic evolution through time in European regions (Demeter 2015)
Finland : a role model for Europe
"The United States is in the midst of a major demographic shift. In the coming decades, people aged 65 and over will make up an increasingly large percentage of the population: The ratio of people aged 65+ to people aged 20-64 will rise by 80%. This shift is happening for two reasons: people are living longer, and many couples are choosing to have fewer children and to have those children somewhat later in life. The resulting demographic shift will present the nation with economic challenges, both to absorb the costs and to leverage the benefits of an aging population. Aging and the Macroeconomy: Long-Term Implications of an Older Population presents the fundamental factors driving the aging of the U.S. population, as well as its societal implications and likely long-term macroeconomic effects in a global context. The report finds that, while population aging does not pose an insurmountable challenge to the nation, it is imperative that sensible policies are implemented soon to allow companies and households to respond. It offers four practical approaches for preparing resources to support the future consumption of households and for adapting to the new economic landscape"-- Publisher's summary.
Population growth and demographic structure : proceedings of the United Nations Expert Group Meeting on Population Growth and Demographic Structure, Paris, 16-20 November 1992 : convened as part of the substantive preparations for the International Conference on Population and Development, 1994
Population ageing in Central and Eastern Europe : societal and policy implications
"This Handbook explores the challenges demographic change poses to today s Japan. The first part provides the fundamental data involved, and the subsequent two parts address the social and cultural aspects of Japan's demographic change. Parts four and five are dedicated to the political, economic and social security aspects of demographic change."
Analysis of the dynamics of the job creation process in the United States and an evaluation of medium and long term prospects. Vol. 1, The role of demographic factors in U.S. job creation : performance since 1970
Demography and the Graeco-Roman world : new insights and approaches
Demography : the science of population
How to measure marginality : hermit grid cells as an indicator of settlement structure in Sweden and Finland
Preliminary population statistics
Calcutta mosaic : essays and interviews on the minority communities of Calcutta
State of European cities report : adding value to the European urban audit
In the frontline or the backwater? : the Nordic countries and the global population drama
Vital events : past, present and future of the Dutch population
Demographic ageing is a reality -- within 25 years half the population of Western Europe will be over 50, one quarter over 65, and the Less Developed Countries will contain one billion elderly people. Ageing Societies examines the myths, challenges and opportunities behind these figures. Ageing Societies explores three areas: the growing necessity for extending economic activity into later life and the implications of societal ageing for the intergenerational contract and the provision of social security the changes in modern families and the implications the changes have for the provision of support and care for the ageing population the biggest demographic challenge of all: ageing in the Less Developed Countries where there is little or no infrastructure to provide long-term care or social security. Combining bio-demography, sociology, economics and development studies, Ageing Societies highlights the opportunities of an ageing population for a mature society. Age-integrated and flexible workforces, increased labour mobility, intergenerational integration, age equality and politically stable age-integrated societies are the potential benefits of a demography which will be with us for the majority of this century.
Regions for economic change : regional policy responses to demographic challenges
The European population since 1945
From Kälviä to Astoria : Finnish families in transition
Population development in Finland in the 1980s
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
Nordic peripheries in trouble again
Summary.
End of Finnish population growth
Theorizing children's welfare
Demographic situation in the community
Developed countries throughout the world are experiencing population ageing and the new challenges that arise from this change in the national demographic. The phenomenon of an ageing population has necessitated policy reform regarding the role of the state in providing income in retirement and the whole wider social meaning of later life. The politics of ageing have become a key issue for young and old voters alike as well as those who seek to represent them. Politicians carefully consider strategies for developing relationships with older voters in the context of both policy decisions and campaigns as issues that directly affect an ageing population often prove crucial in local and national election campaigns. "Going Grey" provides insight into how ageing and the increased proportion of older voters is being framed by the media. It investigates emerging discourses on the topic founded on economic pessimism and predictions of inter-generational conflict. By bringing together political communication and media discourses and placing them within the wider context of an ageist society this unique contribution demands us to re-think how the media portray and frame later life and examines the strategic electoral dilemmas facing political parties today. It provides an original and timely resource for scholars, students and general readers interested in understanding more about the mediation of, and the strategic campaign responses to, rapidly ageing populations.
Population control : real costs, illusory benefits
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of Imperial Russia until the 1970s
Vulnerable daughters in India : culture, development and changing contexts
Social differences in preindustrial demography : a case study on a middle-sized town
Going gray : the mediation of politics in an ageing society
Demography, active ageing and pensions
Keeping up with change - population policy : background memorandum for the Committee's response to the Government report on population policy
Basic education, population and development
Demographic characteristic of youth in Karelian Republic
The economics of an ageing population : macroeconomic issues
Windows of China
Population ageing from a lifecourse perspective : critical and international approaches
The population situation in the ECWA region : Lebanon
Ruralchange : links between population structure and policies for balanced and sustainable rural communities
Regional demographic differences : the effect of Laestadians
The future of low-birthtrate populations
Revival of ageing societies : proceedings of the International Population Conference "Revival of Ageing Societies", Espoo, Finland September 2-4, 1992.
The impact of future demographic trends in Europe, 2005-2050
