http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5055 dragonflies
dragonflies
Host-parasite interactions in damselflies : from individuals to populations
Remembering dinner table and other backyard records
Relative importance of different coloration, smell and shape in the predation of wasps : field experiments on hunting dragonflies (Odonata: Aeshna grandis)
Platycnemis phasmovolans sp. nov. : an extraordinary damselfly from Laos with notes on its East Asian congeners (Odonata: Platycnemididae)
Thailand and Philippines : [regional report]
Critical species of Odonata in Thailand and Indochina
The 150 year anniversary of Selys' Synopsis des Caloptérygines
The genetic diversity of Calopteryx virgo in allopatric and sympatric populations
The rules work, or a story how Aeshna mixta was found in Finland
Interspecific interactions and selection on secondary sexual characters in damselflies
Studies on the population ecology of Leucorrhinia dubia v.d. Lind. (Odon., Libellulidae)
The dragonflies of Europe
Description of Devadatta cyanocephala spec. nov. from Vietnam (Zygoptera: Amphipterygidae)
Term list : version 930719-UCL. W1, European Odonata
Predator - prey interaction between dragonfly larvae and frog and toad tadpoles: role of behaviour
The dragonflies of Great Britain and Ireland : with enlarged illustrations of all the British species in colour by the author and an illustrated key to the aquatic larval stages by the late A. E. Gardner
Critical species of Odonata in the Philippines
Perspectives on variation in species richness : area, energy and habitat heterogeneity
Frequency of hybridization between Calopteryx splendens and C. virgo : the effect of population parameters and environmental factors
The preservation of favoured morphs in the struggle between sexes
Caloptera damselflies from Fujian (China), with description of a new species and taxonomic notes (Zygoptera: Calopterygoidea)
Neidonkorennot : solisevien vetten lentävät jalokivet = Demoiselle damselflies : winged jewels of silvery streams
Term list. W1, European Odonata
Field guide to the dragonflies of Britain and Europe : including western Turkey and north-western Africa
Idionyx iida spec. nov. from Kanchanaburi, Thailand (Odonatqa: Corculiidea)
The North American dragonflies of the genus Aeshna
The hand of nature : butterflies, beetles and dragonflies
Bahrain nature. Vol. 2. Bahrain insect portraits
A revision of the Philippine subgenus Igneocnemis Hämäläinen, 1991 (Odonata: Platycnemididae)
Stumpwork Dragonflies
The species list of Thai dragonflies increases steadily : an update
Mad about minibeasts!
The invertebrate fauna of the Kilpisjärvi area, Finnish Lapland: Odonata
PHAON and ECHO : communicating about Odonata of the Old World tropics
Cryptophaea, a new euphaeid genus and three new species of Caloptera damselflies from Thailand (Odonata: Euphaeidae, Calopterygidae)
Shifts in foraging tactics of larval damselflies: effects of prey density
Atlas of the dragonflies of Britain and Ireland
75 birds, butterflies & beautiful beasties to knit & crochet
Dragonflies : behaviour and ecology of odonata
Atlas of the European dragonflies and damselflies
Insect detective
The insect eggshell : ultrastructure, organisation and adaptive traits in Odonata and Diptera
Bugs in Close Up
Eesti putukate levikuatlas = Distribution maps of Estonian insects. 3, Kiililised - Odonata
The 150 year anniversary of Sely's Synopsis des Caloptérygines
The dragonflies and damselflies of Eastern Africa : handbook for all Odonata from Sudan to Zimbabwe
Notes on the Libellago damselflies of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, with description of a new species (Zygoptera: Chlorocyphidae)
Dragonflies and damselflies of Northeast Ohio
The dragonflies of the Czech Republic = Vázky České Republiky : ecology, conservation and distribution
