http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5056 ageing
ageing
Aging and older adulthood
Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Dementia-related Structural Brain Changes on MRI: : A 30-year follow-up study
Ageing populations : opportunities and challenges for Europe and North America
The effect of physical activity counseling on diabetics' mobility : results of a secondary analysis
Does fasting plasma insulin increase by age in the general elderly population?
Eläkkeellesiirtymisikä Suomen työeläkejärjestelmässä = Pensioneringsålders inom arbetspensionssystemet i Finland = Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme
Muscle hypertrophy and serum hormone concentrations during combined strength and endurance training vs. strength or endurance training only in middle aged and older women
Sleep and Menopause. Hormone Therapy and Sleep Deprivation
The encyclopedia of adulthood and aging
Tangible information technology for a better ageing society : proceedings of the Confidence 2010 International Conference: Open doors to ICT for ageing and eInclusion, 9-10 December 2010 Jyväskylä, Finland
The ageing of Asian populations : proceedings of the United Nations Round Table on the Ageing of Asian Populations, Bangkok, 4-6 May 1992
Lower-limb pain, disease and injury burden as determinants of muscle strength deficit after hip fracture
Assessment of skin physiology is moving rapidly away from a purely descriptive approach as we gain a deeper understanding of biophysical and biochemical processes in the stratum corneum, such as those relating to its barrier function and hydration. As a result of research utilizing bioengineering methods, reliable and reproducible approaches are now available for product testing in the pharmaceutical and cosmetic industry as well as in basic research. This book examines in detail all aspects of cosmetic testing -- legal, general, and practical. After discussion of regulatory and ethical issues and guidelines, essential guidance is provided on the planning, performance, and evaluation of scientific studies in skin physiology. The topics addressed range from laboratory and staffing requirements through to testing devices and methods, factors influencing measurements, and study design. In addition, detailed information is provided on test settings for a range of cosmetic products. All of the authors are recognized experts in their field. This book will be invaluable to researchers, students, and medical staff in explaining how best to assess skin functions in controlled studies using non-invasive biophysical instruments.
Promoting mobility after hip fracture (ProMo): study protocol and selected baseline results of a year-long randomized controlled trial among community-dwelling older people.
Physical Activity and Health Promotion During Life Course : International Symposium January 21-23, 2013 : book of abstracts
Women as elders : the feminist politics of aging
Accumulation of disparity in physical activity in old age
The future of ageing : policy report on technology, innovation and organisation in European health care
Transitions and the lifecourse : challenging the constructions of 'growing old'
Perceived barriers in the outdoor environment and development of walking difficulties in older people
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
In real life
The lonely look
Case-based geriatrics : a global approach
Masters of their own time? Working carers’s visions about combining retirement and caring
Continuity and adaption in aging : creating positive experiences
Aging and the macroeconomy : long-term implications of an older population
Motor unit activation and spinal excitability in young and elderly males during isometric and dynamic muscle actions
Deterioration and conservation of vegetable tanned leather
Humor and aging
Event-related potentials to cross-modal stimuli reveal altered sensory gating in aged
Ageing & society
Studies on macroeconomics and uncertainty
Learning and education of older workers : lifelong learning at the margin
Aging, health expenditure, proximity of death and income in Finland
Households increasingly dependent on public transfers
Designing for our future selves
Aging : a challenge to science and society. Vol. 2, Medicine and social science
Older adults`perceptions of organized recreation activities in long-term care
The map and the territory
Development of the elderly population in Helsinki
The ladies of the house
The effect of loneliness and change in loneliness on self-rated health (SRH) : a longitudinal study among aging people
Research instruments in social gerontology. Vol. 1, Clinical and social psychology
Hormone treatment gives no benefit against cognitive changes caused by acute sleep deprivation in postmenopausal women
You & your aging parent : a family guide to emotional, social, health, and financial problems
Jerusalem, 1959. Shmuel Ash, a biblical scholar, is adrift in his young life when he finds work as a caregiver for a brilliant but cantankerous old man named Gershom Wald. There is, however, a third, mysterious presence in his new home. Atalia Abarbanel, the daughter of a deceased Zionist leader, a beautiful woman in her forties, entrances young Shmuel even as she keeps him at a distance. Piece by piece, the old Jerusalem stone house, haunted by tragic history and now home to the three misfits and their intricate relationship, reveals its secrets.
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
Population ageing and socio-economic status of older persons in Estonia
Early life stress and physical and psychosocial functioning in late adulthood
Somatosensory change detection in the aging brain
Representing ageing : images and identities
The course of later life : research and reflections
Survey on the current status of research into 'ageing' in Europe
Social gerontology : an introduction to the dynamics of aging
Work among the elderly
The ability to predict future income is essential for the wellbeing of households. While there have been no major changes in Finnish households' income uncertainty over the past 25 years or so, there would appear to be some ingrained differences across population groups. Income uncertainty has been higher for the less educated than for the highly educated, while risks to the income of the self-employed are high relative to their expected income development. Public transfers have moderated the risks associated with earnings development, notably for the less educated. The significance of public transfer schemes for levelling out income development becomes more apparent as the population ages, with a larger share of the population reliant on public transfers to make ends meet..
Auditory and somatosensory event-related potentials and their associations to cognitive functions and physical fitness in healthy aging
5 wishes to technology creators
Aging-associated changes in auditory event-related potentials and their correlation to neuropsychological measures
The third edition of this essential text has been updated and expanded with new material that reflects the most recent developments in the field, and explores our current understanding of a broad range of topics related to aging and older adulthood. -Fresh edition includes updated content such as revised case histories and reworked material on key concepts and research applications -Retains the winning format of the second edition, with chapter contents framed by individual histories -Dual models add cohesiveness to the presentation of theory -Thematic structure facilitates reader comprehension -Instructor resources provided online upon publication at www.wiley.com/go/erber"-- Provided by publisher.
Aging and mental retardation : extending the continuum
Grandparental love : a challenge or richness?
Going gray : the mediation of politics in an ageing society
Environmental mobility barriers and walking for errands among older people who live alone vs. with others
Younger skin in 28 days : the fast-track diet for beautiful skin and a cellulite-proof body
Mobility decline in old age
Life-space mobility and quality of life in community-dwelling older people
Effects of ageing on Achilles tendon properties and triceps surae muscle architecture in vivo
Prognostic significance of difficulties in mobility in a five-year follow-up study of four birth cohorts
Ageing societies : myths, challenges and opportunities
Finland is greying - will this diminish the effectiveness of monetary policy?
Studying the role of sirtuin-1 gene in the maintenance of mouse intestinal epithelium
A theory of cognitive aging
Finnish research programme on ageing 2000-2002 : evaluation report
Aging, health behaviors, and health outcomes
What is age? A simple question but not that easy to answer. "Unmasking Age" addresses it using data from a series of research projects relating to later life. This is supplemented by material from a range of other sources including diaries and fiction. Drawing on a long career in social research, Bill Bytheway critically examines various methods and discusses ways of uncovering the realities of age.
Eläkkeellesiirtymisikä Suomen työeläkejärjestelmässä = Pensioneringsåldern inom arbetspensionssystemet i Finland = Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme
Functional visual and hearing impairment in a population aged 75 years and older in the City of Kuopio in Finland : associations with mood and activities of daily living
Bobbi Brown beauty evolution : a guide to a lifetime of beauty
The clock of ages : why we age - how we age - winding back the clock
Effects of normal aging on the specificity and valence of autobiographical memories
The social psychology of aging
A history of life-extensionism in the twentieth century
Somatosensory evoked potentials as indicators of aging-related changes in sensory-cognitive functions
Driver licences as a measure of older drivers' exposure : a methodological note
Patching the population pyramid in Japan : an ethnic dilemma
Walking, physical activity and life-space mobility among older people
Designing inclusive futures
Education and age ease uncertainty of income development
The pedagogy of lifelong learning : understanding effective teaching and learning in diverse contexts
Is Finland following the same path as Japan?
Seasonal psychophysiological stress of teachers related to age and aerobic fitness
Vienna international plan of action on aging : World Assembly on Aging, 26 July to 6 August 1982, Vienna, Austria
This article examines the link between population ageing and monetary policy transmission in Finland from the perspective of consumption behaviour and the macro economy. We estimate the consumption functions of Finnish households in various age groups, using household-specific data. If consumption in the younger cohorts is more sensitive to changes in income and interest rates than consumption in the older, growth in the population share of the elderly will decrease the economic impact of changes in the key monetary policy interest rate. The effect of ageing on consumption is estimated by taking into consideration the age variation of household margins. Finally, we describe the effect of demographics on monetary policy transmission, using a general equilibrium model of the Finnish economy. The examinations are based on wealth and income distribution data from Statistics Finland..
Biological anthropology and aging : perspectives on human variation over the life span
"The United States is in the midst of a major demographic shift. In the coming decades, people aged 65 and over will make up an increasingly large percentage of the population: The ratio of people aged 65+ to people aged 20-64 will rise by 80%. This shift is happening for two reasons: people are living longer, and many couples are choosing to have fewer children and to have those children somewhat later in life. The resulting demographic shift will present the nation with economic challenges, both to absorb the costs and to leverage the benefits of an aging population. Aging and the Macroeconomy: Long-Term Implications of an Older Population presents the fundamental factors driving the aging of the U.S. population, as well as its societal implications and likely long-term macroeconomic effects in a global context. The report finds that, while population aging does not pose an insurmountable challenge to the nation, it is imperative that sensible policies are implemented soon to allow companies and households to respond. It offers four practical approaches for preparing resources to support the future consumption of households and for adapting to the new economic landscape"-- Publisher's summary.
Beverly Hills beauty secrets : A prominent dermatologist and plastic surgeon's insider guide to facial rejuvenation
Practical aspects of cosmetic testing : how to set up a scientific study in skin physiology
Predictors of perceived togetherness in very old men and women : a 5-year follow-up study
Introduction to educational gerontology
Nutrition and skin
The psychology of ageing : an introduction
Sustainable social structures in a society for all ages : prepared in cooperation with HelpAge International
Ageing, cognition, and neuroscience
Developed countries throughout the world are experiencing population ageing and the new challenges that arise from this change in the national demographic. The phenomenon of an ageing population has necessitated policy reform regarding the role of the state in providing income in retirement and the whole wider social meaning of later life. The politics of ageing have become a key issue for young and old voters alike as well as those who seek to represent them. Politicians carefully consider strategies for developing relationships with older voters in the context of both policy decisions and campaigns as issues that directly affect an ageing population often prove crucial in local and national election campaigns. "Going Grey" provides insight into how ageing and the increased proportion of older voters is being framed by the media. It investigates emerging discourses on the topic founded on economic pessimism and predictions of inter-generational conflict. By bringing together political communication and media discourses and placing them within the wider context of an ageist society this unique contribution demands us to re-think how the media portray and frame later life and examines the strategic electoral dilemmas facing political parties today. It provides an original and timely resource for scholars, students and general readers interested in understanding more about the mediation of, and the strategic campaign responses to, rapidly ageing populations.
Reasons and characteristics of Shanghai elderly sport participation
Mitochondrial function and sirtuin expression in hippocampus of young and old high- and low-capacity runner rats
The effect of ageing and physical activity level on muscle fatigue during isometric contraction of knee extensor muscles
Barriers to outdoor physical activity and unmet physical activity need in older adults
Living to 100 : lessons in living to your maximum potential at any age
Ethics, aging, and society : the critical turn
You're looking very well : the surprising nature of getting old
Handbook of theories of aging
Are the healthier wealthier or the wealthier healthier? : the European evidence
Brings together concise, accurate summaries of classic topics as well as the most recent thinking and research in new areas. - Covers a broad range of issues, from biological and physiological changes in the body to changes in cognition, personality, and social roles to applied areas such as psychotherapy, long-term care, and end-of-life issues. - Includes contributions from major researchers, theorists, and methodologists from the academic and clinical realms. - Essential for experts in the field and also for students in the social sciences and humanities coming to the subject for the first time.
A study on the promotion of adults' oral English communication and teacher development in liberal and tertiary education
This collection critically examines twenty-first century representations of ageing, focusing on images/imagery/discourses found in various media as well as individuals' own experiences and self-presentations of ageing and identity, drawing on new innovative, qualitative empirical data. The contributors represent a range of disciplinary areas but all are concerned with how ageing is currently understood, experienced, represented and talked about. The contexts in which these issues are debated include advertising, women's and over fifties' magazines, beauty and hair care routines, art therapy, documenting family relations, positive ageing campaign and biographical photography. Many topical issues are examined, such as the discursive construction of age identities, positive ageing, anti-ageing, ageism, age relations and the body. This book will be of interest to students and researchers in cultural and social gerontology, discourse and identity and lifespan communication, as well as those working in marketing and with older people either directly or indirectly. -- Publisher description.
World report on ageing and health
Utilisation of tube flow fractionation in fibre and particle analysis
Subjective memory decline and objectively assessed memory ability among older people : a cross-sectional study
Ageing with autism : a handbook for care and support professionals
Nights in Aruba
Service design in social robotics: Involving elderly care professionals into co-creation
Effects of nine months resistance training on cycling economy in elderly men and women
Implications of demographic ageing in the enlarged EU in the domains of quality of life, health promotion and health care : final report
Unmasking age : the significance of age for social research
Demographic change reduces labour force and number of employed
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
Spring chicken : stay young forever (or die trying)
Genetics of skeletal muscle characteristics and maximal walking speed among older female twins
The imaginary time bomb : why an ageing population is not a social problem
Handbook of cosmetic science and technology
Stress and cellular aging : associations between stress-related factors and leukocyte telomere lenght
Energy cost of individual lower leg muscles in walking : comparison between young and elderly men at different walking speeds
Postural hypotension and dizziness in a general aged population : a four-year follow-up of the Helsinki aging study
Androgen secretion and cardiovascular risk factors in women with and without PCOS:studies on age-related changes and medical intervention
Since the financial crisis, the population structure and age structure of the Finnish labour force have changed as the baby boomer cohorts retire. As well as capital formation and productivity, labour input constitutes one of the pillars of economic growth, meaning that the contraction of the working-age population directly cuts the growth rate of potential output. What is the scale of this problem? Further, how has the situation already been reflected on the Finnish labour market, and what implications will it have over the next five years?.
The non sequitur guide to aging
The time of their lives
The significance of perceived development opportunities in the context of retention : comparing ageing and younger nurses
Effects of a 10-week aerobic exercise intervention on physical fitness, cognition and preattentive sensory processing of aging women
Developing a Tool to Measure Experiential Meaning of CaringTV® for the Elderly
Growing old in the twentieth century
Cockfosters is a funny, frank and forceful story collection dealing with ageing, ambition and the patterns of repetition and renewal found in long friendships and marriages. It opens irresistible new windows onto the world from Arizona to Dubai and from Moscow to Berlin. Turning both a panoramic and a zoom lens on the way we live now, these stories range through hitch-hiking in Bohemian forest-land to cresting the waves of the Aegean to the mending of hearts and the recovery of lost property at the end of the Piccadilly Line. Helen Simpson writes with great warmth, wit and candour about the complexities of modern life, and this new collection shows why she is hailed as one of the best short story writers at work in the world today.
Ending aging : the rejuvenation breakthroughs that could reverse human aging in our lifetime
Adult development and aging
Modernising vocational education and training : fourth report on vocational training research in Europe : background report. Vol. 2
Galina Petrovna's three-legged dog story
Lifespan singing : working model for therapeutic singing group for the elderly
Effects of intrinsic aerobic capacity, aging and physical activity on interleukin-15 protein level in serum and skeletal muscle
Compensation in older drivers as reflected in their fatal accidents
Senescence ecology : aging in a natural population of wild brown mouse lemurs (Microcebus rufus)
We now live longer today than at any time in history. In the UK more people are aged over sixty-five than under sixteen and by 2050 over a third of the developed world will be over sixty. How should we deal with this phenomenon? What are the scientific reasons for ageing? And can - or should - we prevent it? Lewis Wolpert distinguished biologist and octogenarian explores the scientific background and the implications of our ageing population. In this engaging investigation he tackles every aspect of the subject from ageism to euthanasia to anti-ageing cream and through it all tries to better understand his own ageing. Witty frank and often inspiring Lewis Wolpert is the perfect guide to "looking very well".
Aging and fatal accidents in male and female drivers
Promoting employment opportunities for the elderly employees in Japan's ageing society
Normal aging. 2, Reports from the Duke longitudinal studies, 1970-1973
The longer working careers and higher earnings of those now retiring have caused a rising trend in earnings-related pensions. As this has been accompanied by a strong increase in unemployment expenditure and slow growth in aggregate income from wages and salaries on account of the recession, a growing number of households now depend on current transfers. Accordingly, household income and expenditure are now less dependent on the economic cycle and countercyclical policy. In addition, the impact of monetary policy on aggregate demand is reduced by the growing role of property income in financing consumption. Contrary to the life cycle hypothesis, elderly people's savings rate has risen with age, and net wealth is highest amongst the elderly..
The effects of plate ageing on thermomechanical pulp refining
Socio-economic status and living arrangements of older persons in Latvia
Modelling of ischemic stroke : focus on co-morbidities and therapeutic intervention
Age-associated micronuclei containing centromeres and the X chromosome in lymphocytes of women
Establishing a Nursing Services Firm in  South- Ostrobothnia
Aging and society. Vol. 2, Aging and the professions
Ageing, meaning and social structure is a unique book advancing critical discourse in gerontology and makes a major contribution to understanding key social and ethical dilemmas facing ageing societies. It confronts and integrates approaches that have been relatively isolated from each other, and interrelates two major streams of thought within critical gerontology: analyses of structural issues in the context of political economy and humanistic perspectives on issues of existential meaning. The chapters, from a wide range of contributors, focus on major issues in ageing such as autonomy, agency, frailty, lifestyle, social isolation, dementia and professional challenges in social work and participatory research. This volume should be valuable reading for scholars and graduate students in gerontology and humanistic studies, as well as for policy-makers and practitioners working in the field of ageing
Cosmeceuticals and active cosmetics
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Effects of a rehabilitation program on perceived environmental barriers in older patients recovering from hip fracture; a randomized controlled trial.
This state-of-the-art handbook will keep researchers and practitioners in gerontology abreast of the newest theories and models of ageing. With virtually all new contributors and content, this edition contains 35 chapters by the most highly respected luminaries in the field. It addresses theories and concepts built on cumulative knowledge in four disciplinary areas - biology, psychology, social sciences, and policy and practice - as well as landmark advances in trans-disciplinary science. With its explicit focus on theory, the handbook is unique in providing essential knowledge about primary explanations for ageing, spanning from cells to societies. The chapters in the third edition place a strong emphasis on the future of theory development, assessing the current state of theories and providing a roadmap for how theory can shape research, and vice versa, in years to come. Many chapters also address connections between theories and policy or practice. Each set of authors has been asked to consider how theories in their area address matters of diversity and inequalities in aging, and how theories might be revised or tested with these matters in mind. The third edition also contains a new section, "Standing on the Shoulders of Giants", which includes personal essays by senior gerontologists who share their perspectives on the history of ideas in their fields, and on their experiences with the process and prospects of developing good theory. Hallmarks of the third edition: * Highlights important gains in trans-disciplinary theories of ageing.* Emphasises the future of theory development.* Provides insights on theory development from living legends in gerontology.* Examines what human diversity and inequality mean for ageing theories.* Emphasises interconnections between theory, research, intervention, and policy.* Underscores international issues with greater representation of international authors.* Includes section introductions by the editors and associate editors that summarise theoretical developments.Key Features: * Highlights variability and diversity in aging processes, from the cellular level of biological ageing to the societal level of public policy.* Provides insights on theory development from living legends in gerontology.* Offers intergenerational, interdisciplinary, and international perspectives.* Disseminates a forward-thinking, future-oriented focus in theory development.
Balance abilities of workers in physically demanding jobs : with special reference to firefighters of different ages
Obesity as a predictor of falls among older women
Amino acid metabolism in athletes and non-athletes : with special reference to amino acid concentrations and protein balance in exercise, training and aging
Demographic ageing is a reality -- within 25 years half the population of Western Europe will be over 50, one quarter over 65, and the Less Developed Countries will contain one billion elderly people. Ageing Societies examines the myths, challenges and opportunities behind these figures. Ageing Societies explores three areas: the growing necessity for extending economic activity into later life and the implications of societal ageing for the intergenerational contract and the provision of social security the changes in modern families and the implications the changes have for the provision of support and care for the ageing population the biggest demographic challenge of all: ageing in the Less Developed Countries where there is little or no infrastructure to provide long-term care or social security. Combining bio-demography, sociology, economics and development studies, Ageing Societies highlights the opportunities of an ageing population for a mature society. Age-integrated and flexible workforces, increased labour mobility, intergenerational integration, age equality and politically stable age-integrated societies are the potential benefits of a demography which will be with us for the majority of this century.
Aging and cognition : knowledge organization and utilization
Elizabeth is missing
Dimensions : aging, culture, and health
Empirical studies in the psychology and sociology of aging
The longevity book : live stronger, live better - the art of ageing well
Cross-regional analysis of population aging in the Arctic
Aging and skilled performance : advances in theory and applications
An Essential Title on Meaning and the Lifecourse
A tiny bit marvellous
Physical capacity and workload among ageing workers
All the single ladies : a novel
Behavior, health, and aging
Physiology of the skin
Written within a bio-psychosocial framework, Cavanaugh and Blanchard-Fields' text covers the specific ages-stages of adult development and aging. In its unparalleled coverage of current research and theory, the authors draw clear connections between research and application. The book's focus on "positive aging" and the gains and losses people experience across adulthood distinguish it from its competitors.
Social forces and aging : an introduction to social  gerontology
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Ageing, meaning and social structure : connecting critical and humanistic gerontology
Cognitive performance and its associations with physical fitness and demographic and socio-economic variables in healthy aging
Aging increases rightward spatial perceptual bias : decline of cognitive control
The view in winter : reflections on old age
Education and longer working lives : a longitudinal study on education differences in the late exit from working life of older employees in Finland
The political economy of pensions : political support and scope for reform
Cockfosters
The Motivations of Catering Companies to Deliver Food to Elderly People
Ethics and aging : the right to live, the right to die
This dissertation is comprised of three independent essays with the unifying theme of how uncertainty affects the macroeconomy. The first essay studies an incomplete market economy where the firm faces a non-trivial investment decision due to capital adjustment costs. The adjustment costs make the price of capital endogenous and help to explain the observed volatility of the returns to physical capital. The particular form of market incompleteness that is assumed in the essay is however not enough to match the observed price of risk. The essay contains also a technical contribution in showing how Arrow prices of contingent commodities can be used in computing the equilibrium in this class of models.The second essay studies the effect of population aging on asset prices. The modeling framework features deterministic transition paths for demographic structure and level of government expenditures along with aggregate uncertainty at business cycle frequency. The demographic transition leads to a projected increase of in tax rates that are needed to finance the government expenditures. This requires higher savings rates from households which reduces volatility of consumption growth and reduces the price of aggregate risk.The third essay is an empirical study which uses betting market data from the Swedish harness horse racing in conjunction with economic confidence indices. The main finding is that the risk attitudes of bettors that are reflected by the betting market data covary with the more traditional confidence measures in a reasonable way. The essay also contains a simple forecasting exercise which shows that the novel risk measure may also be useful in forecasting the industrial production. The results of the study are interpreted in terms of behavioral macroeconomics.
Ageing and economic performance : dilemmas and dichotomies
Finland is now facing problems similar to those with which Japan has already struggled for more than a decade. The population is ageing, and slow economic growth is not generating sufficient funds to cover swelling public expenditure. General government debt threatens to become unsustainable. From the perspective of Finnish economic policy, an examination of the situation in Japan emphasises the importance of structural measures. If decisions on reforming the structures of the economy are postponed far into the future, in the light of Japan's experiences this may result in reduced growth and employment, with consequent high costs..
