http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p506 management (control)
management (control)
DNSSEC key management and exchange
Global governance and public international law
Database solutions : a step-by-step guide to building databases
Adoption of Enterprise Resource planning system in an organization
Fundamentals of technology project management
Emergency response logistics in action : case: Finnish Red Cross ERU mission in Pakistan 2010
Application Lifecycle Management for Safety-Critical Software Development
The managerial challenges in sickness absence management :  Experiences from a retail organisation
Credit Management : How to improve Tamfelts internal credit management processes?
A Business continuity management maturity model : the search for an ISO 22301 Compliant BCM Maturity model
Supply chain management and advanced planning : concepts, models, software, and case studies
Procuring complex performance : studies of innovation in product-service management
Mindful tech : how to bring balance to our digital lives
Cloud service life cycle management in context of FreeNest service
Michel Foucault on bio-power and biopolitics
Tips and tricks for web site managers
Managing information resources in libraries : collection management in theory and practice
Global and EU governance for sustainable forest management with special reference to capacity building in Ethiopia and Southern Sudan
Afghanistan : progress, problems, prospects
How to deal with stress
The global issues of information technology management
Corporate images in mergers and acquisitions : Case: acquistion of the Body Shop by L'Oréal
Global democracy and exclusion
Evaluation of Project Achievements in VOMARE -project
Decreasing work caused by supplier related non-conformities : Case KONE Industrial Ltd
Globally dispersed team management : research based on interviewing experts in virtual project management
Abstract.
Software project tracking server installation and implementation in PARTERRE project
PMP Project Management Professional exam study guide
Working capital management and industry characteristics : a comparison of two Finnish industries
Customer feedback channel implementation in PDM system
Cooperation or conflict : ways of managing scarce natural resources in Africa
Returnable transport item management with RFID in automotive industry
Logistics performance measurement : developing internal logistics measurement at Neste Oil
Building the data warehouse
Effective and efficient Risk Information Management : Environment, structure and development in a Case of  Financial institution
Russia-China relations : current state, alternative futures, and implications for the West
Mastering System Center Configuration Manager 2007 R2
Harmonization and development of management systems: generating the basis for corporate-wide document management system
Knowledge management in theory and practice
Project organisations and governance : processes, actors, actions, and participatory procedures
The supply chain management plays a large role in company operations. It is crucial for any company to have a functional supply chain. The lean supply chain management focuses on reducing all non-value added activities from it and make it more efficient. There has been an increasing awareness in the recent decades how valuable it is to have efficient and functional supply chain and lean supply chain management aims for this purpose solely.  Wurth Oy which is a Finnish subsidiary for the Wurth GmbH which is a global wholesale company that operates in over 80 countries. Their product range which is over 125.000 items varies from technical products to screws and accessories.  In this thesis the focus is in Wurth Oy and their inventory management, delivery networks and information technology. The main purpose is to contemplate the current status of these three mentioned sections and using the lean supply chain management theories to find means to make improvement suggestions for their supply chain consisting of these three parts.
Developing reverse logistics in rental returns management : case: 3 Step IT Group Oy
Competence inventory assessment in IT-consultancy  : Case development
Risk management : principles and guidelines = Management du risque : principes et lignes directrices
This book gives an alternative observational scheme to better understand knowledge creation and learning in project-based companies. It builds upon emergent new ways of looking at projects which is important - as any discipline stays alive by reflection and re-framing ideas as they are challenged, argued and clarified.
Win32 Perl scripting : the administrator's handbook
Improving effort management in software development projects
Your killer emotions : the 7 steps to mastering the toxic emotions, urges, and impulses that sabotage you
Mind assassins : the dark arts of the Asian masters
Piezoelectric vibration damping of rolling contact
Improving document management practices for Nokia Gear
An introduction to database systems. Volume 1.
Global responses to maritime violence : cooperation and collective action
Anger & conflict management pocketbook
MasteringTM system center operations manager 2007
The Radleys
Resilience: an all-encompassing solution to global problems? A biopolitical analysis of resilience in the policies of EC, FEMA, UNDP, USAID, WB, and WEF
Software project management in new environment
The money code : improve your entire financial life right now
Conflict : resolution and provention
Automotive companies are facing a costly problem due to the lack of visibility on RTIs delivering auto components in the supply chains. In auto-industry, RTIs can be very expensive and there have been researches pointing out that auto-manufacturers spend huge amount of money annually to replace the lost and damaged RTIs. Nowadays, Radio Frequency Identification is a form of wireless identification technology used to uniquely enhance the accuracy of data collection and identification of items. Confidex, as the commissioner of this thesis, has been developing and manufacturing RFID products to improve significantly RTI management in automotive industry. Due to the fact there had not been such a comprehensive market study on the area and RFID applications have been developed at significantly fast pace, in this thesis an analysis of automotive industry returnable transport item management with RFID in the supply chain was conducted. The main goal is to provide commissioning company with better knowledge on the area in order to forecast the market needs and develop its RFID products. Both primary research such as in-depth interviews with companies and secondary research on published articles, company reports, company portfolios, etc. were utilized in this thesis. The collected data was analysed using thematic method. In automotive industry, OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers expressed the necessity of better control over RTIs with RFID solution. It is evident there is very low existing usage of RFID in automotive RTI management. Apart from a few early RFID adopters, it is popular within automotive industry that companies have limited or no experience in using RFID in RTI management. However, positively there can be seen a tendency to approach the technology, to calculate the savings RFID would bring in reusable container management, to investigate the challenges, to test and even to expand RFID usage between parties in automotive supply chain. This creates much space and demand for RFID solution providers to offer products and services to improve RTI management process in automotive industry in the near future. Throughout the thesis, thesis writer presented some potential business cases in particular companies by means of RFID challenges and expectations revealed by the experts from those companies. Appendix 1, as confidential material of the thesis, has been excluded from the public report.
Multi-stakeholder cooperation in global governance
The Change management pocket guide : tools for managing change
The power of ideas : Internet governance in a global multi-stakeholder environment
Improving logistics Parts Per Million (PPM) tool at Valmet Automotive
Fundamentals of data warehouses
Participatory governenance in Peru : a case study on participatory budgeting in the San Martín region, Peru
Ab Me Group Oy Ltd catering management managerial issues
Take back your life! : using Microsoft Office Outlook 2007 to get organized and stay organized
The opposite of worry : the playful parenting approach to childhood anxieties and fears
Product Structure Optimization for the Network Management System Software : Case Study
Cassey Ho's hot body year-round : the pop pilates plan to get slim, eat clean, and live happy through every season
Microsoft SharePoint 2013 app development
Maturity modelling as a catalyst for IT continuity management implementation in a large company
Business-to-business brand management : theory, research and executive case study exercises
The mindfulness journal : exercises to help you find peace and calm wherever you are
Teach yourself C in 24 hours
Reverse logistics for greening supply chain in manufacturing perspective
Near Field Communication Tag Management System: TagMan case study
ITIL® lite : a road map to full or partial ITIL implementation
Natural resource governance and EITI implementation in Nigeria
Managing the data warehouse
Daily meditations for calming your angry mind : mindfulness practices to free yourself from anger
From the early years of modern software development to almost up to millennium the software development was more concentrated on making applications than making the whole application lifecycle. All the parts of the application lifecycle have been existent but they have not been merged into one entity like ALM process (application lifecycle management) is doing now.    In general ALM process is divided into three main phases which Wikipedia has defined as governance, development and maintenance. Most manufacturers define and name these parts differently, which should be taken into account when discussing ALM solution with different companies or people. There is also another process called SDLC (software devel-opment lifecycle) which has been mistakenly understood equivalent with ALM. Generally speaking, SDLC covers only one part of ALM which is development.    What is ALM process anyway? If you search on the internet you get multiple answers which vary. In brief it can be defined as integrating multiple software development tools into one framework or solution where all tools interact with each other real-time. If you also include business management and engineering skills to this environment you are close to ALM.    What people or companies benefit from ALM process? ALM at its best integrates the whole application lifecycle management, automates processes and integrates tools that are related to each other. This also means that sending emails, making phone calls and having meetings about everything will not be necessary anymore. Thus, a lot of money and time will be saved.
Communications skills for project managers
Creating social capital for managing change : linking front-line teams' and business managers' perspectives of future
Database managements systems
Ignite the shadows
Database tuning : principles, experiments, and troubleshooting techniques
Semantic visualization for smart spaces : merging the material and digital worlds
Information resources management : concept and cases
Private peacemaking : USIP-assisted peacemaking projects of nonprofit organizations
Contextual and structural metadata in enterprise document management
Networking for dummies
Orchestration of external resources
eGate solution for self-service restaurants: case : TAMKOTUKI
GO! with file management getting started
A field guide to lucid dreaming : mastering the art of oneironautics
Classroom discipline for effective teaching and learning
Tools for complex projects
Distribution channel improvement using Lean SCM : case: Wurth Oy
Water, power and identity : the cultural politics of water in the Andes
A customer relationship management approach for optical retail business.
Get lucky : how to put planned serendipity to work for you and your business
Mindfulness pocketbook : little exercises for a calmer life
Model rules for disaster relief operations
WSH and ADSI administrative scripting
Interpersonal boundary regulation in the context of social network services
Beginning Microsoft SQL Server 2008 programming
This final thesis was done as a part of Tampere University of Applied Sciences (TAMK) International Business degree, the final thesis of International Business degree is worth 15 cr. The final thesis was done to Valmet Automotive Inc., which is a Finnish contract vehicle manufacturing company.  The purpose of the final thesis was to study a part of Valmet Automotive's Partner Web, which is a web-based information and evaluation hub for VA and VA's associates such as suppliers. This final thesis was done as a part of Tampere University of Applied Sciences (TAMK) International Business degree, the final thesis of International Business degree is worth 15 cr. The thesis relates to logistics, as a part of the TAMK IB degree and the Green Supply Chain Management module. The final thesis was done to Valmet Automotive Inc., which is a Finnish contract vehicle manufacturing company that also offers various vehicle engineering services, including manufacturing, concept cars and convertible roof engineering and design.  The thesis study was conducted at the Valmet Automotive premises in Uusikaupunki, using the tools provided by Valmet Automotive. The purpose of the final thesis was to study a part of Valmet Automotive's Partner Web, which is a web-based information and evaluation hub for VA and VA's associates such as suppliers. The area of study was a Parts Per Million application (also referred as PPM), which is an application that tracks numerous different supplier deviations, for example delayed deliveries and quality deviations. The application is also capable of displaying the deviations in different type of charts. The idea of the application is to enhance supplier cooperation, as well as evaluate performance and engage in continuous improvement. After introducing background theory for supply chain management and supplier man-agement, the goal was to examine the definitions of the PPM application, namely how the application handles the deviation calculations. Valmet Automotive's interest in the final thesis subject was to examine the effects of long transportation times on the PPM figure accuracy. In order to create comparable data, four  comparable suppliers were chosen. The only differentiating factor from the study's point of view was transportation times. The main goal of the research was to find improvement ideas as well as potential problems on the application. Thesis related background information, research, analysis and conclusion have been removed from this final thesis version on the basis of confidentiality agreement.
Prevention and management of conflict in health care : a case study on strategies used in handling conflict among Ghanaian nurse administrators
Willpower : the owner̕ s manual : 12 tools for doing the right thing
Fighting against uncertainty : the fundamental shift in the global security agenda from bipolarity to multilateralism in the post Cold War era
Dangers of management speak : politics of crisis management and erasures of histories
Supplier contract management : case : Andritz Oy Finland
Get your inbox down to zero
Pilates : exercises and inspirations for well-being
Aligning business and IT with metadata : the financial services way
Executive's guide to IT governance : improving systems processes with service management, COBIT, and ITIL
Maintenance benchmarking and best practices : a profit- and customer-centered approach
Book of chaos and harmony : get organized without stress
Brave parenting : a Buddhist-inspired guide to raising emotionally resilient children
Agent as a supply chain coordinator
In the new world of The Takeover nothing and no one will be safe. Marci must choose: love or vengeance.  One night she secretly follows her lover to a club. To her horror she discovers those closest to her, mingling freely with parasitic creatures which have secretly possessed human minds. A bloody ambush follows, leaving Marci a shadow of her former self.  Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious attacks. Ignite, the only resistance group, is disintegrating. As the world catches fire, Marci struggles to control the buzzing spectres in her own head.  Her hardest battle is between the forces of good and evil within herself. For Marci must fight. She was meant to burn.
Extreme weather : a guide to surviving flash floods, tornadoes, hurricanes, heat waves, snowstorms, tsunamis, and other natural disasters
Paradigm shift : the new promise of information technology
Web Based Project Management System
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
Sustainable values, sustainable change : a guide to environmental decision making
In their Natural Resource Governance and EITI Implementation in Nigeria, Musa Abutudu and Dauda Garuba provide the most up-to-date and in-depth analysis of the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI), providing a balanced yet critical evaluation of its performance, limitations and potential as an institution for helping Africa's largest oil exporter to escape the so called resource curse and lay a firm basis for sustainable development. This Current African Issue contains valuable insights and information that will be of interest to all those with a keen interest in institutionalising transparency and accountability in natural resource governance in Africa.
The international community and global governance of human security
Lean Project Management : Visual Management Tools
Contract Lifecycle Management on the sell-side : a case study in upstream Oil and Gas industry
Eclipse the flame
Peacebuilding and civilian crisis management studies
Beginning SharePoint® 2010 development
Planning and managing public relations campaigns : a strategic approach
Build your own computer
Business intelligence viewpoint on managerial decision-making : Ill-structured problems and decision support systems
The mindfulness prescription for adult ADHD : an eight-step program for strengthening attention, managing emotions, and achieving your goals
Literature review on technology management functions
Global commissions assessed
F*ck feelings : less obsessing, more living*
Small ventures : tactics & strategies
Overcoming anger and irritability : a self-help guide using cognitive behavioral techniques
Implementation of a registry management component for mobile sampling service
Improving internal software applications of buyers : case of Nokia Siemens Networks HWS buyers
Memory management in EPOC
The Microeconomics of the Lender-of-Last-Resort Controversy : An Application of the Holmström-Tirole Liquidity Model
Contract Management on MicroSoft SharePoint Server 2007
Essentials of supply chain management
Contemporary diplomacy : representation and communication in a globalized world
The Shiphandler's Guide for Masters and Navigating Officers, Pilots and Trug Masters
Overcoming fear with mindfulness
Data warehousing, data mining, and OLAP
Path to improved firm performance with Business Process Management (BPM) and BPM systems
Active ageing : controlling the (ageing) bodies
The Sage handbook of governance
Essays on leadership
Helsinki review of global governance : making sense of power
Retail category management : decision support systems for assortment, shelf space, inventory and price planning
Towards the Geopolitics of Flows : implications for Finland
Strategy Implementation in International Business : Case Study: Cafe Ekberg and Neuhaus
Network management : a practical perspective
Virtual Private Network Management
Project management process reflected through assistive tools
Improving an order-delivery process with Process Management and Lean methodology : case: Startex Oy
The existence of dominant companies such as Microsoft, Google, Facebook, etc. result in a dangerous situation in terms of abuses of data protection and data security legislation. It is important to specify the term “dominant” or “dominance” as, in my opinion, the existing definition from a competition law perspective does not apply to the situation concerning privacy and data protection. So far law has not presented any other sufficient way to describe “dominance”..
Risk management and governance of chemicals in articles : case study textiles
Mobilising civilians for the liberal way of war : a governmentality approach to EU civilian crisic management
Commercial banking : loan portfolio management : implications of how loan portfolio management in developing banking sector might differ from loan portfolio management in developed banking sector
Organization of an international complex design project
Structural conditions of natural resource management : understanding the roles of complexity, control and evolution in societal resource use
Abstract: Ecosystem services research to serve the governance of the environmental and natural resources.
Customer Information Management in Lindström's Subsidiaries in Estonia, Hungary and Slovakia
Towards Retention And Moving Beyond Acquisition.  : Refining Consumer Customer Retention at Vaarani Works Oy
C onfiguration management of FreeNEST cloud services
ICT-related intangibles and organizational innovation : indicators for improving
Governing indigeneity globally : indigenous peoples in the United Nations
Unglued : making wise choices in the midst of raw emotions
Offshore outsourcing : business models, ROI, and best practices
Software configuration management using CM Synergy = Ohjelmistotuotteenhallinta CM Synergy-ohjelmalla
Data-ism : inside the big data revolution
Inventory optimization system based on item classification
SAP® MM-functionality and technical conficuration
Mastering change management : a practical guide to turning obstacles into opprtunities
Business-to business brand management : theory, research and executive case study exercises
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
Governance theory as a framework for empirical research : a case study on local environmental policy-making in Helsinki, Finland
Teamcenter Environment Reporter
The practical handbook of internet computing
Building Cisco multilayer switched networks
Improving Internal Software Applications of Buyers : Case of Nokia Siemens Networks HWS Buyers
Windows system policy editor
States of discipline : authoritarian neoliberalism and the contested reproduction of capitalist order
Project planning and control
When to use collaborative planning, forecasting and replenishment (CPFR) in retailing
Computer simulation as a tool for developing alternatives for managing crowding at wilderness campsites on Isle Royale
Product data management : product lifecycle management, metadata bill of materials, access control
Mindfulness on the go : peace in your pocket
Autopoietic knowledge systems in project-based companies
Reducing ICT project failure with scope management
Handbook of neuroLeadership
The lean, agile and green supply chain
CHOOSING AND IMPLEMENTING CRM SYSTEM FOR A SERVICE COMPANY : Nordmaja OÜ
Stakeholder Management Theory in Practice : The Case of UPM-Kymmene Oyj
The mental health handbook
"Written by two Microsoft MVPs for SharePoint, this book ... gets you started building apps for SharePoint 2013 and Office 365. ... [including how to] develop SharePoint-hosted apps and cloud-hosted apps; adopt the new patterns for app development; build maintainable apps with the MVVM and MVC patterns; utilize the client-side object model (CSOM) and the REST API in your apps; and authenticate and establish app identity using OAuth and server-to-server (S2S) trusts"--P. [4] of cover.
Microsoft SQL server 2014 unleashed
Abuses of dominant ICT companies in the area of data protection
A system architecture and migration plan for service assurance processes
CCNA ICND2 : official exam certification guide
Data Center Monitoring Using Nagios
Data warehouse : from architecture to implementation
The XML Schema Companion
Are you viewing, mapping or managing your processes
The importance database in customer lifecycle management  : Case: UPRA Salers
Migrating ship waste management from India to Finland : analysis of opportunities and risks in an industrial symbiosis of sustainable ship recycling
Applying total quality management to systems engineering
Sixteen-year-old Marci Guerrero is one of the best teen hackers in Seattle. However, she'd give up all her talents to know she isn't crazy. Marci feels possessed by shadowy spectres that take control of her body and make her do crazy things. While spying on the clandestine group known as IgNiTe, she is confronted by their mysterious leader, James McCray. His presence stirs the spectres inside her brain into a maddening frenzy. Her symptoms and ability to control them don't go unnoticed by James, who soon recruits her. As IgNiTe reveals its secrets, Marci starts to realise that half the world's population is infected with sentient parasites, which are attacking and eventually supplanting the human brain. Now Marci wishes she was crazy, because this truth is far worse.
Introducing Customer Relationship Management solution to Piceasoft Ltd
Using ALM tool in quality assurance and cost-effectiveness development
