http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5068 manslaughter
manslaughter
The human side of homicide
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American criminal justice. 7, part 1, The South
The subject of murder : gender, exceptionality, and the modern killer
Masterpieces in miniature : the detectives : stories
With malice aforethought : a study of the crime and punishment for homicide
Grey souls
Always outnumbered, always outgunned
A Place called here
Understanding homicide
The great Gatsby
Battle royale : the novel
Lover avenged : a novel of the black dagger brotherhood
The Hunger games
Season of the witch
The kill list
The Hunger Games
Crimes against the person
Homicide in Finland, the Netherlands and Sweden : a first study on the European homicide monitor data
The ethics of homicide
When children kill : the dynamics of juvenile homicide
Journalism and school shootings in Finland 2007-2008
Tells the tragic love story of Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan.
Tripwire
Crime is not the problem : lethal violence in America
A place called here
Cold in July
The philosophy of death
Provoked : the story of Kiranjit Ahluwalia
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American criminal justice. 9, part 3, Violence and theft
Among the saints : a novel from the Lapland series
In the summer of 1986, two tragedies rocked Oklahoma City. Six movie-theater employees were brutally killed in an armed robbery. Then a teenage girl vanished from the annual state fair. Neither crime was ever solved. Twenty-five years later, the reverberations of those unsolved cases continue to echo through the lives of those devastated by the crimes. Wyatt, the one teenage employee who inexplicably survived the movie-theater massacre, is now a private investigator in Las Vegas. A case unexpectedly brings him back to a hometown and a past he's tried to escape -- and drags him deeper into the harrowing mystery of the movie-house robbery that left six of his friends dead.
Permissible killing : the self-defence justification of homicide
Killing in self-defence
Beyond twilight : explore the hidden world of th vampires
The grapes of wrath
The long and faraway gone : a novel
Terrorizing women : feminicide in the Américas
My beloved child
The last werewolf
The fat mexican: the bloody rise of the bandidos motorcycle club
The Bone garden
Handbook of European homicide research : patterns, explanations, and country studies
Infanticide in the bank vole (Clethrionomys glareolus): occurrence and the effect of familiarity on female infanticide
The chill
Witness the night
The red road
Dawn of the dragonslayer
Last night in twisted river : a novel
The hunger games. 3 : Mockingjay
Narrating in court : a man slaughter case from 1871
The ethics of killing : problems at the margins of life
The hunger games
The curious incident of the dog in the night-time
When we die : the science, culture and rituals of death
There's no place like here
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American criminal justice. 7, part 2, The South
Drowning girls in China : female infanticide since 1650
THE GRAPES OF WRATH
Neljä veljeä : Four brothers
One shot
Graceling
A history of murder : personal violence in Europe from the Middle Ages to the present
Lithium-6
The hundred-year-old man who climbed out of the window and disappeared
The hunger games. 1
