http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5060 purchased services
purchased services
Mystery shopping : 2-volume set
The use of translation services : case: international companies in the IT-industry in Finland
Centro Finlandia as a business environment
Abstract.
From community care to market care? : the development of welfare services for older people
Quality : from customer needs to customer satisfaction
Communicating interior design services to Russians owning property in Finland
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Capitalist punishment : prison privatization & human rights
Purchasing business services
Social - local - mobile : the future of location-based services
More than a showroom : strategies for winning back online shoppers
The impact of in-store customer service on postpurchase impulse-buying behaviour : A case study based on Gallery, a street fashion store
Confederation of tourism and hospitality (CTH) : food and beverage operations : study guide
Services marketing : people, technology, strategy
Quality in the procurement of municipal services
Consumer behavior : buying, having, and being
Balanced sourcing : cooperation and competition in supplier relationships
Esteetön Helsinki : liikkumisesteisen opas = Det tillgängliga Helsingfors : guide för funktionshindrade = Accessible Helsinki : guide for disabled people
ABC's of relationship selling through service
Audit techniques in mental health : practitioners' responses to electronic health records and service purchasing agreements
Purchasing and supply chain management
Application of supply chain management to catering business
Resourcing early learners : new networks, new actors
Everyday practice of food consuming : a case study on a web based supply service
A CUSTOMER SATISFACTION RESEARCH OF B2C ONLINE PURCHASING SERVICES IN CHINA -Case Company JD.COM
Hospitality and catering
The purpose of the survey was to seek for possible development areas for a Finnish shopping and service center, Centro Finlandia. The shopping and service center is located in Fuengirola, Spain, and offers all its services in Finnish language to the growing Finnish community in the Costa del Sol area. Centro Finlandia's main earning logic is renting premises for entrepreneurs, who then are able to establish their own companies in the center. Centro Finlandia was established just three years ago and the owners are eager to develop it all the time. Therefore they have asked me to interview their tenants and see if they are happy with the current state of the center or if something should be changed or developed.      I conducted a qualitative research on the subject. I travelled to Fuengirola to execute semi-structured interviews of nine entrepreneurs and the staff on Centro Finlandia.     Based on my findings, a rough summarization could be that the entrepreneurs are pleased with the current situation and most of them are happy about Centro Finlandia's future plans of becoming a wellness and health oriented center. Of course we also found some room for improvement, the topic that arose mostly from the answers was the lack of foreign customers. Although the center is Finland oriented, it is vital for the companies to have local customers in addition to the Finns who live or travel to the area. I have addressed these issues in the conclusion-section.     I was fortunate to be able to interview all of Centro Finlandia's tenants and that gave me as reliable results for my research as possible in the circumstances. I have attached all the answer I've got from the interviews to this report. All the people I interviewed gave me rights to use their and their companies? names in the making of this report.
Building on the work of Daniel Kahneman (Thinking Fast and Slow), Dan Ariely (Predictably Irrational), Shaw and Hamilton provide a new understanding of how people behave, explain what it means for organizations who really want to understand their customers, and show you what to do to create exceptional customer experiences.
Small business customers survey of Ikea Finland
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry
Business marketing : connecting strategy, relationships and learning
Trust-based selling : using customer focus and collaboration to build long-term relationships
Exploring small manufacturing firms' process of accessing external expertise
Logistiikka : osto-opas 2003 = Buyer's guide logistics
This report represents a thesis plan performed on a bachelor level for International Business degree programme conducted in English. The report contains a thorough outlay of marketing communications plan with a focus on communicating interior design services of the case company Oksa Design Oy to Russian people who own or are planning to own property in Finland. The primary purpose of this report is to find out what kind of marketing strategy should be done to promote case company's services among its chosen target customers. The objectives of the research are to investigate profile and buying behaviour of the potential target customers as well as to provide necessary advice for marketing communications strategy development and creation of added value. The end result will be presented in form of written recommendations for future actions. The research methods used in this thesis are quantitative and qualitative with focus on deductive approach. Consequently, an online survey and in-depth interviews were conducted during a period of one month. The results have shown that the interest for purchasing interior design services by Russians owning or planning to own property in Finland from a Finnish company exist. The suggested marketing communications plan consists of a set of recommendations based on company's resources and target customer needs.
In the future, shopping will be greatly influenced by a combination of localization issues, mobile internet at the point of sale, and use of social networks. This book focuses on the ‘SoLoMo synergies’ that arise from this paradigm shift in future shopping, which also promises new and effective marketing options for traditional retailers. It also reflects the current status of research and business practice, analyzing the basic factors of SoLoMo in detail. The importance of Location-based Services (LBS) is elaborated and analyzed in an empirical study using a market based case of kaufDA – a leading German online shopping network. The evidence shows that customers see LBS as an attractive tool and are prepared to change their buying behavior. Though LBS is still in its early stages and its professional longevity remains to be seen, it also promises tremendous potential for the future.
Managing customers through economic cycles
Marketing for hospitality and tourism
Child care service for companies of the Rehabilitation Foundation for Children and Young People : developmental aspects
Outsourcing and the virtual organization : the incredible shrinking company
You're next! : how one company changed the way we shop
The selling of in-destination travel activities
Principles of marketing
Law for purchasing and supply
Purchasing to improve health systems performance
Privatization or public enterprise reform? : international case studies with implications for public management
The Essense of Consumer Behaviour
Attitudes towards online grocery shopping service among the elderly and disabled
This study is made to provide the company, Design Agency Tuuletin Oy, with information that is needed to better understand customers' needs. The company's business idea is to be an innovative developer and  producer of creative concepts and technical solutions in the field of digital  communications. The future plan in the company is to start marketing their products and services on the Internet. That is why the company gave  an assignment to interview prospective customers about their habits and  interests in buying digital media products and services. In the future the company also wants to grow internationally by finding more customers abroad.  One objective of this study is to describe digital media, e-business and the  possibilities of Internet marketing. A second objective is to get information  about prospective customers and their preferences, and the third objective is to study the habits and interests in buying digital media products and  services. The purpose in the theoretical part is to give a description of e-business and  the facts concerning Internet marketing and also to give an overview of  digital media. In the empirical part data was collected from prospective customers of Tuuletin Oy. Different customer groups were approached to  gather information about their habits and interests. The Internet is a very useful network for marketers nowadays. They can develop new strategies, and by creating databases of product information  their customers can selectively obtain information. This minimizes the traditional barriers of time and distance between the marketers and the  customers. Due to the fact that e-business based marketing is growing and becoming  more common, the components of the traditional marketing system are facing a number of changes. Managers are required to reorganize and  develop new strategies as to how to market in an e-business environment. The very low rate of response had an effect on the reliability of the study; as a result it is impossible to generalize the results. The respondents' answers show that digital media nowadays has an important role in a  company's activities. Companies are going to buy more digital media  products and services in the future. The responses received also show that  there is a need for the digital products that Tuuletin designs and creates.
THE RETAILER’S PERSPECTIVE OF A SHOE AGENCY’S SALES AND SERVICES, CASE: BRANDED SHOES LTD.
Hospitality consumer lifestyles
On-going change in film consumption - Is online availability disrupting the offline markets?
On-going change in film consumption : is online availability disrupting the offline markets?
Buying business services
Consumers and services
Social care markets : progress and prospects
Possibilities to improve customer service in a steel business : case Schmolz+Bickenbach Oy
Digital era governance : IT corporations, the state, and E-government
International handbook on public-private partnerships
Problem solving within professional services : a study of physicians ́ prescribing decisions
Delivering project excellence with the statement of work
Essays on behavioral pricing
The intention economy : when customers take charge
Consumer behavior : buying, having and being
The intuitive customer : 7 imperatives for moving your customer experience to the next level
Customer satisfaction : case Hotel Cityhovi
Hospitality & Catering GNVQ : advanced student textbook
Consumer behaviour in tourism
Principles of services marketing
Purchasing for food service operations
Rethinking the sales force : redefining selling to create and capture customer value
Contracting for public services
Product features influencing the purchase of wireless handheld terminal
Accessing external expertise in small manufacturing firms
Revolutionary retail guru Paco Underhill is back with a revised edition of this text on our ever-evolving consumer culture. It is full of fresh observations and important lessons from the cutting edge of retail, which is taking place in the world's emerging markets.
The impact of in-store customer service on postpurchase impulse-buying behaviour : a case study based on Gallery, a street fashion store
Abstract: The impact of in-store customer service on postpurchase impulse-buying behaviour : a case study based on Gallery, a street fashion store. The purpose of this study is to research how in-store customer service can affect satisfied impulse purchasers' postpurchase behaviour in terms of store returns. The results of this study revealed that in-store customer service can positively affect impulse-buyers' postpurchase evaluations of service, and by increasing the level of in-store service the sales personnel can influence the customers' cognitions, and move an initial impulse purchase into a permanent adoption (Kang & Johnson, 2009). This in return can minimise store returns. This study provides information as to why in-store customer service should be considered as a part of the strategic store environment, and how service-oriented emphasis can influence impulse-buying behaviour.
User characteristics and habits in buying digital media products and services
Consumer behaviour
The essential guide to mystery shopping
F-Musiikki's marketing on the institutional market
Essays in trade in services : difficulties and possibilities
Developing co-operation with transportation companies : case: Uponor Finland Oy
Changing an incoterm from ex works into carriage paid to : case how will it affect internal functions and prices at Henkel Norden Oy?
sammandrag - abstract.
Navigating in the world of services
Why we buy : the science of shopping
Services and the consumer 1996 : a survey of consumer opinions on the quality, price and availability of services
A customer survey of Chinese travelers in airport duty-free shops : Case: Finnair Plc & Finavia
Abstract: On-going change in film consumption - Is online availability disrupting the offline markets? The objective of this study was to look into the online film services in Finland and the theories connected to offering that type of online services. The aim was also to look into these services from the point of view of their disruptiveness to the market. A research was conducted to find out the current status of these online film distributors in Finland from the point of view of the customers. The research was mainly of quantitative nature and it was conducted as an online survey. The survey was answered by 123 people and in addition three persons were interviewed to gather more specific experiences and opinions on certain matters. The research revealed that most of the respondents would be willing to try online film services in the future but only few already had experience in using them. Currently more people seem to rather find films from illegal sources to download or prefer to watch them from DVD's or Blu-rays. The research also gave implications that purchasing content online is not a novelty for people anymore and what seems to keep people from using these online services are preconceptions on, for example, their quality and pricing.
Effects of personal traits on Generation Y consumers' attitudes toward the use of mobile devices for communication and commerce
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
The everything(R) online auctions book : all you need to buy and sell with success - on eBay(R) and beyond!
Outsourcing the grocery shopping service to an online grocery retailer
Outsourcing security : a guide for contracting services
Purchasing and supply chain management : strategies and realities
User requirements elicitation : a framework for the study of the relation between user and artefact
Vitbok : principer för organisationernas tjänsteförsäljning = Vapaaehtoisorganisaatioiden palvelujen myynti julkiselle sektorille : valkokirjaperiaatteet = Voluntary organisations' selling of services to the public sector : white book principles
