http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5061 privatisation (economics)
privatisation (economics)
Privatisation, politics, and economic performance in Hungary
The racket : a rogue reporter vs the masters of the universe
Urban alternatives : public and private markets in the provision of local services
Privatization and capital market development : strategies to promote economic growth
Why do we need railways? : international seminar 19-20 January 1995.
The law of state responsibility in an era of privatisation : Privatised visa processing and data protection
The political economy of privatization and deregulation
Public enterprise defended : against the conservative attack on public enterprise
A model of state enterprise and privatisation under conditions of active and passive ownership
Privatization and the penal system : the American experience and the debate in Britain
Time-based competition and the privatization of services
Privatization and changing ownership in the steel industry
Managing transition : privatisation and restructuring of former socialist shipping companies in the Baltic Sea region
Privatisation
The privatization decision : public ends, private means
How the stock markets work : a guide to the international markets
Transition to the market economy : critical perspectives on the world economy. Vol. 3
Disaster capitalism : making a killing out of catastrophe
The privatization of state education : public partners, private dealings
Privatization : social science themes and perspectives : ed. by Derek Braddon and Deborah Foster
Commercialising security in Europe : political consequences for peace operations
Corporatization and privatization : lessons from New Zealand
Strategy and performance of water supply and sanitation providers : effects of two decades of neo-liberalism
Economic development, foreign investment and the law : issues of private sector involvement, foreign investment and the rule of law in a new era
Privatization in Czechoslovakia: Preliminary report
Global airlines : competition in a transnational industry
Protecting future generations through commons
The market and the masses in Latin America : policy reform and consumption in liberalizing economies
The privatization process : a worldwide perspective
Agency relationship in Global Venture Lab
Spontaneous privatization in the Soviet Union : how, why and for whom ?
Choice and the legal order : rising above politics
How to succeed with a thousand TWH reform? : restructuring the Russian power sector
Privatisation and human rights in the age of globalisation
Privatization, vulnerability, and social responsibility : a comparative perspective
Privatizing the economy : telecommunications policy in comparative perspective
Privatization and deregulation in ASEAN and the EC : making markets more effective
Rural reform in post-soviet Russia
Japanese National Railways : its brak-up and privatization : how Japan's passenger rail services became the envy of the world
Bank performance under privatization : a case from three fast-track transition countries (Check, Poland and Hungary)
Housing privatization in Eastern Europe
Privatisation of utilities and infrastructure : methods and constraints
Lithuanian state privatisation agency
Oxford review of economic policy : winter 1991 : microeconomics of transition in Eastern Europe
Mass privatisation : an initial assessment
The political economy of privatization
Privatization and financial participation in the Baltic countries. Case studies
Accelerating privatization in Eastern Europe : the case of Poland
Comrades go private : strategies for Eastern European privatization
Public enterprise at the crossroads : essays in honour of V.V. Ramanadham
Privatizing war : private military and security companies under public international law
Exit the dragon? : privatization and state control in China
Privatized infrastructure : the Build Operate Transfer approach
Privatisation in Central and Eastern Europe : a collection of papers delivered at the International Bar Association Regional Conference, Sofia, Bulgaria 19-22 June 1994
Privatization, regulation and deregulation
Insider privatization in Russia: speculatiosn on systemic change
Inequality, marketization and the majority class : why did the European middle classes accept neo-liberalism?
Privatization in the countries of Eastern and Central Europe and of the former Soviet Union
Evolution of ownership change and corporate control in  Poland
Assessment of privatization of the electric power sector in selected ESCWA member countries. Vol. 3, Case study of Jordan
Lectio praecursoria: privatization as a means to property redistribution in Republic of Armenia and in the Russian Federation
Privatization and financial participation in the Baltic countries. Part 1
Fiscal and macroeconomic impact of privatization
Privatization as a Foreign Direct Investment Opportunity : a case study of Kenya
Who benefits from privatisation?
Testing the market : competitive tendering for government services in Britain and abroad
Securities markets are important for economic growth, providing a channel for savings flows from sectors of the economy with surpluses to sectors where the investment opportunities exceed current resources.This study describes the emergence and evolution of securities markets in three small transition economies: Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania.While these markets are still in early stages of development, much of the requisite institutional and regulatory framework are already in place.The equity market has developed most rapidly in Estonia.In Latvia and Lithuania, the financing needs of the central government have prompted development of treasury-bill markets.Work on integrating the equity markets is underway, part of a general trend toward integration of the securities markets in the three Baltic states. .
The financial economics of privatization
Privatisation in Sub-Saharan Africa : where do we stand?
Ownership reform and privatization process in Estonia
Transition to the market economy : critical perspectives on the world economy. Vol. 1
The enterprise of law : justice without the state
Privatization in East-Central Europe: a mergers and acquisitions perspective
Developments in the economics of privatization and regulation
The politics of greed : how privatization structured politics in Central and Eastern Europe
Privatization of public services : impacts for employment, working conditions, and service quality in Europe
Management for privatization : lessons from industry and public service
Comparative experiences with privatization : policy insights and lessons learned
Transaction cost economics : recent developments
Savininkams graa̜žinami namai bei iškeldintu̜ nuomininku̜ aprūpinimas butais = Houses restituted to owners and provision of evicted tenants with dwellings
Liberalisation and privatisation in the EU : services of general interest and the roles of the public sector
International handbook on privatization
Insider-led privatization in Poland, Russia and Lithuania : a comparison
Doing business and investing in Russia guide
Assessment of privatization of the electric power sector in selected ESCWA member countries. Vol. 4, Case study of Yemen
All else equal : are public and private schools different?
Corporate governance, state-owned enterprises and privatisation
New opportunities for the railways : the privatisation of British Rail
Transition to the market economy : critical perspectives on the world economy. Vol. 2
The promise of privatization : a challenge for U.S. policy
From economic miracle to privatization success : initial stages of the privatization process in two SOEs on Taiwan
Privatization and regulatory change in Europe
Out of the woods : the restructuring and sale of New Out of Zealand's state forests
Limits to privatization : how to avoid too much of a good thing : a report to the Club of Rome
Issues in privatizing social security : report of an expert panel of the National Academy of Social Insurance ; edited by Peter A. Diamond
The Latvian privatization agency : annual report 1994.
Privatization as a means to property redistribution in Republic of Armenia and in the Russian Federation
Privatization in Russia : experiences, problems and opportunities
Privatization and regulation of transport infrastructure : guidelines for policymakers and regulators
Education plc : understanding private sector participation in public sector education
The promise and perils of infrastructure privatization : the Macquarie model
Industry liberalization and privatization in small and open economies - research avenues for studying the European airline industry
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
Ownership and production costs choosing between public production and contracting out
The purpose of this study is to compare insider privatization in three countries.Two problems the author faced should be noted.First, whereas in Russia and in Lithuania insider ownership was an important element in all privatization, in Poland it was in practice limited to relatively small enterprises".The second problem was that the material the author obtained on Lithuanian privatization did not allow for farreaching comparisons.Lithuanian privatization is dealt with separately, but many of the findings in section 3 are probably applicable to Lithuanian privatization as well. In section 2 we evaluate privatization policies in the countries in our survey and examine how insider participation was arranged in these countries.In section 3 insider control is evaluated in more detail.Section 4 concludes the study. .
Institutional barriers to Poland's economic development : the incomplete transition
How to do business in Poland : for all who would like to know more about Poland
Privatisation of public undertakings and activities : recommendation no. R (93) 7 adopted by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 18 October 1993 and explanatory memorandum
Private or public? : a taxonomy of optimal ownership and management regimes
Privatization and the welfare state : implications for consumers and the workforce
Time to rethink privatization in transition economies?
World Bank and the case for privatisation : development in Peru in the 1990s
Privatization, public ownership and the regulation of natural monopoly
Prospects for privatization
Transition : the first decade
Privatization of public sector activities : with a special focus on telecommunications, energy, health and community services
Privatisation and commercialisation of open air museums: opportunity of threat? : report of the meeting of a special working group of the Association of European Open Air Museums at Arnhem, 14 and 15 January 1993 : Tagungsbericht einer speziellen Arbeitsgruppe des Verbandes europäischer Freilichtmuseen in Arnheim am 14. und 15. Januar 1993 = Privatisierung und Kommerzialisierung von Freilichtmuseen: eine Chance oder eine Bedrohung?
Privatisation and regulation : a review of the issues
Developments in privatisation in the UK
Russia. 2, : business law handbook
Deviant knowledge : criminology, politics and policy
The impact of communist ideology on Czech management practises
Privatisation and corporate performance
Privatizing education : can the marketplace deliver choice, efficiency, equity, and social cohesion?
Privatisation of banks in the Czech Republic
Privatization in the transition process : recent experiences in Eastern Europe
Disinvestment in India : policies, procedures, practices
Private sector development and liberalization in the Baltics
Education privatization : causes, consequences and planning implications
But...Does Mr.  Coase Go to Russia?
Collateral damage : corporatizing public schools - a threat to democracy
Russian economic reforms as perceived by western critics
Economic policy reform : the second stage
The Manila water concession : a key government official's diary of the world's largest water privatization
Concessions for infrastructure : a guide to their design and award
The privatization of schooling : problems and possibilities
Chinese law : social, political, historical and economic perspectives. 4, Foreigners in Chinese law
Privatization in Peru
Kremlin capitalism : the privatization of the Russian economy
Privatizing the public sector : how to shrink government
Summary of discussions (s. 191-208).
Privatisation in the European Union : theory and policy perspectives
Social policies and water sector reform
Privatization : the UK experience and international trends
Private business and economic reform in China
Privatization : experience of Asian countries
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Governance, regulation, and privatization in the Asia-Pacific Region
In the twilight zone : a survey of public private partnerships in Sweden
President vs. parliament : the elite struggle in the attempt to privatize Russia
Is privatization of education beneficial for Morocco? : evaluation of Morocco's privatization policy on the basis of a cross-sectional study of quality of education in public and private schools in Casablanca
Privatisation in Asia, Europe and Latin America
The European private company?
Assessment of privatization of the electric power sector in selected ESCWA member countries. Vol. 2, Case study of Egypt
Executive summary (s. 9-16).
Ownership change in employee-owned enterprises in Poland and Russia
Privatization and its alternatives
Privatization in recent years has become a common phenomenon leading to the formation of privatization agencies in almost all countries across Africa.  In this study, the main objective is to provide an understanding as to why privatization is key in attracting foreign direct investments . Also; it looked at the motivation for and the impact of such investments in an organisation. This study also attempted to look into the origin and current status of privatization in Africa and some of the notable economic benefits it has accrued  necessary to support the study of this subject by use of  literature reviews. The  data collected in this research study  supports the fact that privatization is essential in attracting FDI. Qualitative method was used to collect data for the analysis. Thirteen management officials from a privatized company were interviewed. Some secondary data (statistics/ figures) about FDI were collected through email from the Kenya Investment Agency (KIA).The empirical findings are presented and analysed by use of narration deduced from stories told by interviewees. The findings indicate that the current wave of privatization (from the 2000's to date, especially in telecommunication) has led to a tremendous  increase in FDI . The study also shows that when privatization is strategically implemented, it boosts the overall economic efficiency in a company as well as mobilizing more foreign and domestic investments.
Economic transformation in the Visegrad countries : a comparison
It has recently become customary to argue that Russian economic transformation since 1991 has failed because of bad policy advice and mistaken policy choices.Though Russia's performance leaves much to be desired, such criticisms are based on a failure to analyse the real choices available to reformers in the post-perestroika period.The paper, criticising in particular the views presented by Jospeh Stiglitz, shows that the Chinese reform path was not available to Russia, that mass privatisation was influenced more by political necessity than theoretical choice, and also discusses the relation between doctrine and necessity in policy making more generally.The final section of the paper characterises Russia as a case of weak state, and identifies several of the consequences arising. .
Private equity finance : rise and repercussions
The transformation of labour relations : restructuring and privatization in Eastern Europe and Russia
Privatisation and the financial markets in Russia
Between state and market : mass privatization in transition economies
A groundbreaking exposé that reveals the patterns and practices of a new and more sophisticated style of corruption that has infiltrated every level of society. Anthropologist Janine Wedel unmasks a fast-evolving system of power and influence that is unaccountable to those it is supposed to serve. This insidious form of corruption goes far beyond the usual targets of K Street lobbying or political bribery. The sweep of this new corruption is broader, and its practitioners remain beyond shame, suffering few consequences when exposed. Today academics, physicians, retired generals, even former heads of state exploit their prestige as a commodity. Think tanks, once the source of sober-minded studies, now often act as bullhorns for the powerful. Wall Street, unbowed by the 2008 crash, remains free to "innovate" into the next financial disaster. "Nonprofits" channel the agendas of billionaires and "grassroots" organizations are run from the top. Technology has even helped decimate journalism, the very profession that used to hold the elite to account. --From publisher description.
How far does it go? : the Buenos Aires water concession a decade after the reform
The Shock Doctrine : the Rise of Disaster Capitalism
Transition to the market economy : critical perspectives on the world economy. Vol. 4
Globalization and European universities : a trends report from the University of Oslo
Privatisation : current issues
The algebra of infinite justice
International privatisation : strategies and practices
Privatising the state
The privatisation of European telecommunications
School choice in Chile : two decades of educational reform
Oilopoly  : Putin, power and the rise of new Russia
Working across boundaries : collaboration in public services
Changing political economies : privatization in post-communist and reforming communist states
A comparative study of housing privatisation in Russia, Sweden and the UK
Progress of liberalisation process of the railways in Germany and France
Contracting out government services : best practice guidelines and case studies
The public functions of parks and protected areas
Baltic securities markets
The logic of discipline : global capitalism and the architecture of government
GATS and water : understanding the impact of the general agreement on trade in services on the human right to water
How does privatization work? : essays on privatization in honour of professor V. V. Ramadham
Welfare and citizenship : beyond the crisis of the welfare state?
Privatization and political change in Mexico
Privatization of municipal property in Murmansk
Russia : business law handbook
Evolution of the Hungarian economy 1848-1998. Vol. 2, Paying the bill for Goulash-communism
Privatisation in the UK
Complex policy planning : the government strategic management of the social care market
Privatization : symposium in honor of Herbert Giersch
The privatization and restructuring of Russian firms
Privatization in NACC countries : defence industry experiences and policies and experiences in related fields : colloquium, 29-30 June, 1 July 1994, Brussels = Privatisation dans les pays du CCNA : expériences et politiques des industries de défence et expériences dans les domaines connexes : colloque, 29-30 juin, 1er juillet 1994, Bruxelles
Plural policing : a comparative perspective
Assessment of privatization of the electric power sector in selected ESCWA member countries. Vol. 1, An overview
Abstract (s. 1). Summary (1 s.).
Privatisation in less developed countries
The politics of privatization : wealth and power in postcommunist Europe
The market economy and its regulation. 20, The prerequisites of successful privatisation : a comparative study of United Kingdom and Bulgaria public to private programmes
Ownership change in employee-owned enterprises in Poland  and Russia
Transformation of Czechoslovakia's economy: results, prospects, open issues
This thesis discusses employee-owned enterprises (EOEs) in Poland and Russia, asking: 1.What are the benefits of and shortcomings of employee ownership in transition economies? 2.Will employee ownership be a permanent arrangement? Employee ownership literature and special aspects of EOEs in transition economies are reviewed.According to the literature survey, when shares are freely tradable, most problems associated with Yugoslavian-type enterprises should vanish.The remaining problems are employee risk-aversion as owners, decision-making problems arising from diverse preferences, and greater costs in obtaining external financing.In transition processes the advantages of insider privatization are clarification of property rights, speed and lowered costs, and employee participation in the privatization process.A major obstacle is insufficient funds for financing investment and restructuring. Insider privatization was used in Poland and Russia as a privatization method due to political necessity.Insiders inherited a strong position - without their cooperation privatization could not have been carried out.In practice, firm success seems to depend more on the environment the firm is facing than particular ownership structures.The low level of investment may follow from the conditions of high uncertainty and lack of capital, rather than from particular ownership effects.On the other hand, there is evidence that EOEs respond to market signals in a normal way, eg by increasing investment in conditions of improved profitability and reducing work force in recession.A common feature for Polish and Russian insider-owned enterprises is that control over the enterprise is concentrated to the hands of managers.This may have devastating effects on EOEs when managers are inclined to asset stripping and rent seeking instead of increasing market value. In examining the contention that insider privatization could be used as a temporary path to other property structures, the paper discusses the implications of share trade.Applying a take-over model adapted from Grossman and Hart (1980) and Shleifer and Vishny (1986), the writer suggests that the private benefits insiders enjoy may hinder ownership change.This is especially the case when the private benefits of control are large for managers large compared to the potential security benefits.On the other hand, concentration of shares to managers and large investors may increase the probability of ownership change.Indeed, this appears to be consistent with what is actually happening.Hard budget constraints and further development in bankruptcy institutions are recommended as ways to promote selection towards more efficient ownership structures. .
Unaccountable : how elite power brokers corrupt our finances, freedom, and security
Privatisation, Governance and Restructuring of Enterprises in the Baltics
Education and privatisation in Eastern Europe and the Baltic Republics
Legal aspects of privatisation : proceedings : 21st Colloquy on European Law, Budapest, 15-17 October 1991.
Accounting, valuation and privatization
