http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5067 root crops
root crops root vegetables
An evaluation of microbial load, heavy metals and cyanide contents of water sources, effluents and peels from three cassava processing locations
Health-promoting properties of fruits and vegetables
Cassava : biology, production and utilization
The visual food encyclopedia
Cassava : new potential for a neglected crop
Plenty : vibrant vegetable recipes from London's Ottolenghi
Organic gardening : a practical guide to natural gardens, from planning and planting to harvesting and maitenance
On the evolution, spread and names of Rutabaga
Proceedings of the Joint Meeting of the Fourteenth Crucifer Genetics Workshop and Fourth ISHS Symposium on Brassicas : Daejeon, Korea, October 24-28, 2004
Veg : the greengrocer's cookbook
Salad plants for your vegetable garden
The ultimate guide to growing your own food : save money, live better, and enjoy life with food from your garden or orchard
Growing root vegetables : a directory of varities and how to cultivate them successfully
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Underutilized Plant Species "Crops for the Future - Beyond Food Security" : Kuala Lumbur, Malaysia June 27-July 1, 2011
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Roots, tubers and plantains in food security : in sub-Saharan Africa, in Latin America and the Caribbean, in the Pacific
Chemical properties of water sources for cassava processing in selected areas of Southwest Nigeria
Irrigated Taro (Colocasia esculenta) in the Indo-Pacific : biological, social and historical perspectives
Cultivation of Brassica species and Cannabis by ancient Finnic peoples, traced by linguistic, historical and ethnological data : revision of Brassica napus as B. radice-rapi
Effect of processing and cooking on total and soluble oxalate content in frozen root vegetables prepared for consumption
Root and tuber crops, plantains and bananas in developing countries : challenges and opportunities
Stephanie Alexander's kitchen garden companion
The curious gardener
Organic farm management handbook. 2002/03
This book (28 chapters), which is the 17th volume in the Crop Production Science in Horticulture Series (18 volumes that focus on scientific principles underlying production practices for economically important horticultural crops from major production systems in temperate, subtropical and tropical climatic areas), summarizes the available information regarding the origin, taxonomy, breeding, physiology, agronomy, pathology (pests and diseases) and processing of cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids (mainly Alocasia macrorrhiza, Amorphophallus campanulatus, Colocasia esculenta, Cyrtosperma merkusii and Xanthosoma sagittifolium). This book is for researchers, farmers, students and all stakeholders in developing countries, and for those who are working in international institutions.
Proceedings of the Southeast Asia Symposium on Quality Management in Postharvest Systems in Conjunction with Asia-Pasific Symposium on Postharvest Quality Management of Root and Tuber Crops : Bangkok, Thailand February 21-24, 2012
Chemistry of tropical root crops : significance for nutrition and agriculture in the Pacific
American grown : the story of the White House kitchen garden and gardens across America
Integrated pest management for tropical root and tuber crops : proceedings of the Workshop on the Global Status of and Prospects for Integrated Pest Management of Root and Tuber Crops in the Tropics, 25 - 30 October 1987, Ibadan, Nigeria
Roots and tubers in the global food system : a vision statement to the year 2020 : report ...by the Committee on Inter-Centre Root and Tuber Crops Research (CICRTCR)
Botanica's pocket organic gardening
Proceedings of the First International Symposium on Root and Tuber Crops 'Food Down Under' : Palmerston North, New Zealand, February 9-12, 2004
The protection of root vegetables, January 1979 - April 1988 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
The Cambridge world history of food. Vol. 1
Underground crops : long-term trends in production of roots and tubers : with a note on the quality and interpretation of African data by Paul Dorosh
The great vegetable plot : delicious varieties to grow and eat
Crucifer diseases : a practical guide for seedsmen, growers & agricultural advisors
Proceedings of the IVth Balkan Symposium on Vegetables and Potatoes : Plovdiv, Bulgaria, September 9-12, 2008.. vol. 2
Compendium of umbelliferous crop diseases
Proceedings of the IVth Balkan Symposium on Vegetables and Potatoes : Plovdiv, Bulgaria, September 9-12, 2008.. vol. 1
Cassava development for small-scale farmers : approaches to breeding in Malawi
101 ideas for veg from small spaces : delicious crops from tiny crops
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
Proceedings of the IVth International Conference Postharvest Unlimited 2011 : Leavenworth, Washington, USA, May 22-26, 2011
Roots and tubers for the 21st century : trends, projections, and policy options
Utilization of tropical foods: roots and tubers
Prevention of post-harvest food losses : fruits, vegetables and root crops : a training manual
How to grow winter vegetables
Amaranth to zai holes : ideas for growing food under difficult conditions
The world sweet potato economy
Cultivation of Brassica species and Cannabis by ancient Finnic peoples, tracted by linguistic, historical and ethnological data; revision of Brassica napus as B. radice-rapi
Genetic improvement of vegetable crops
Growing Food  : A Guide to Food Production
Lockhart & Wiseman's crop husbandry including grassland
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
The oxalate content of beetroot, carrot, celeriac and parsnip after freezing by traditional and modified methods (the latter resulting in a convenience food product), and after the preparation of frozen products for consumption was evaluated. The highest content of total and soluble oxalates (105 and 82 mg 100 g-1 fresh matter) was found in beetroot. The lowest proportion (55%) of soluble oxalates was noted in celeriac; this proportion was higher in the remaining vegetables, being broadly similar for each of them. Blanching brought about a significant decrease in total and soluble oxalates in fresh vegetables. Cooking resulted in a higher loss of oxalates. The level of oxalates in products prepared for consumption directly after freezing approximated that before freezing. Compared with the content before freezing, vegetables prepared for consumption by cooking after frozen storage contained less oxalates, except for total oxalates in parsnip and soluble oxalates in beetroot and celeriac. The highest ratio of oxalates to calcium was found in raw beetroot; it was two times lower in raw carrot; five times lower in raw celeriac; and eight times lower in raw parsnip. These ratios were lower after technological and culinary processing. The percentage of oxalate bound calcium depended on the species; this parameter was not significantly affected by the procedures applied. The true retention of oxalates according to Judprasong et al. (2006) was lower than retention calculated taking its content in 100 g fresh matter into account.
On the trail of Taro : an exploration of natural and cultural history
The garden variety cookbook : more than 500 vegetable and fruit recipes for nonvegetarians
Proceedings of the IInd international Symposium on Sweetpotato and Cassava : " innovative technologies for commercialization" : Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, June 14-17, 2005
Resource use efficiency of small-holder farmers : the case of cassava producers in Cross River State, Nigeria
Carrots and related vegetable Umbelliferae
Evaluating stored cassava quality in gari production
The physiology of vegetable crops
Survey of yam production system and the impact of government policies in southwestern Nigeria
Tropical root and tuber crops : cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
