http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5069 murder
murder
The kill call
A house with no windows : a novel
The Oslo conspiracy :  a thriller
To brew or not to brew : a brewing trouble mystery
The temple-goers
As a detective lieutenant with the LAPD, Peter Decker witnessed enough ugliness and chaos for a lifetime. Now, he and his devoted wife Rina Lazarus are ready to enjoy the quiet beauty of upstate New York, where they can be closer to their four adult children and their foster son. But working for the Greenbury Police department isn't as fulfilling as Decker hoped. While Rina has adapted beautifully to their new surroundings, Decker is underwhelmed and frustrated by his new partner, Tyler McAdams, a former Harvard student and young buck with a bad 'tude. Just when he thinks he's made a mistake, Decker is called to his first real crime here--a possible break-in at the local cemetery. At first, it seems like a false alarm until it's discovered that a mausoleum's stunning Tiffany panels have been replaced by forgeries. Then, a coed at one of the exclusive local colleges is brutally murdered. Poking into the hallowed halls of academia to find a killer, Decker and McAdams are drawn deep into a web of dark secrets, cold case crimes, international intrigue, and ruthless people who kill for sport. Suddenly, the job is anything but boring. This case just might be too much to handle and Decker will have to draw on every ounce of experience that he has garnered in the past thirty years as a Homicide cop. And then again, even that might not be enough!
Death of an Irish diva
Johannes Cabal the detective
The mysterious affair at Styles
While working for the Greenbury Police Department in upstate New York, Peter Decker must draw from his years of experience as a homicide cop when a break-in at the local cemetery leads him into a world of art forgery and murder that is linked to cold case crimes, international intrigue and ruthless people who kill for sport.
Naked cruelty
The Murder room
The curious case of the copper corpse
Book, line, and sinker : a library lover's mystery
Southwold mystery
Documents relating to the case of Roderick Macrae. A brutal triple murder in a remote northwestern crofting community in 1869 leads to the arrest of a young man by the name of Roderick Macrae. There's no question that Macrae is guilty, but the police and courts must uncover what drove him to murder the local village constable. And who were the other two victims? Ultimately, Macrae's fate hinges on one key question: is he insane? A story ingeniously recounted through the accused's memoir, trial transcripts and newspaper reports, His Bloody Project is a riveting literary thriller that will appeal to fans of Hannah Kent's Burial Rites.
The murderer's daughter : a novel
The ladies of the Cumberland Scrapbook Crop are welcoming an eccentric newbie into their fold. A self-proclaimed witch, Cookie Crandall can whip up a sumptuous vegan meal and rhapsodize about runes and moon phases with equal aplomb. She becomes fast friends with her fellow scrapbookers, including freelance reporter Annie, with whom she shares shallow roots in a community of established family trees. So when Cookie becomes the prime suspect in a series of bizarre murders, the croppers get scrappy and set out to clear her name.
Under the banner of heaven : a story of violent faith
Under the final moon
The bat
The long Glasgow kiss : A Lennox thriller
When a salvage company's plans to dig up treasure that was buried on Pirate Island centuries earlier rouse local ire, library director Lindsey Norris investigates the murder of the local tourism director, who hired the company.
A slant of light : a novel
Deeply Odd
Cold granite
A divided spy
Under the knife
Murder at redwood cove
A sickness in the family
Mission to murder
Grave memory
The leper of Saint Giles : the fifth chronicle of Brother Cadfael
Death in profile
Death and the lit chick
Saints of New York
The Hon. Phryne Fisher, languid and slightly bored at the start of 1929, is engaged to find out if the antique-shop-owning son of a Pre-Raphaelite model has died by homicide or suicide. At the same time she is asked to discover the fate of the lost illegitimate child of a rich old lady, to the evident dislike of the remaining relatives.
I am your judge : a novel
The sea of innocence
"Brooklyn Wainwright is a skilled surgeon. Sure, her patients might smell like mold and have spines made of leather, but no ailing book is going to die on her watch. The same can't be said of Abraham Karastovsky, Brooklyn's friend and former employer. On the eve of the celebration for his latest book restoration, Brooklyn finds her mentor lying a pool of his own blood. With his final breath, Abraham leaves Brooklyn a cryptic message, 'Remember the devil,' and smiles as she takes possession of his priceless, and supposedly cursed, copy of Goethe's Faust .... "--p. [4] of cover.
The fourth sacrifice
Murder on a midsummer night : a Phryne Fisher mystery
Bad wolf : [a novel]
The monkey house
The black widow
Driving heat
Alone with the dead
The guest room : a novel
The whispering city
Murder in the mystery suite
The shock of night
Red sky in morning
Women who kill : profiles of female serial killers
Blotto, Twinks and the dead dowager duchess
Shadows still remain
The Boston strangler
Trust no one
The iron wagon
Finch
The disappeared
The first cut
Dead man's prayer : a gripping detective thriller with a killer twist
The primrose pursuit
Ruth Rendell's anthology of murderous mind
Better late than never
The two
Nutshell : a novel
The woman in cabin 10
The marble faun; or, The romance of Monte Beni
Dressed to kill
"FIRST IN A NEW TRILOGY   From Charlaine Harris, the bestselling author who created Sookie Stackhouse and her world of Bon Temps, Louisiana, comes a darker locale-populated by more strangers than friends. But then, that's how the locals prefer it.  Welcome to Midnight, Texas, a town with many boarded-up windows and few full-time inhabitants, located at the crossing of Witch Light Road and Davy Road. It's a pretty standard dried-up western town.  There's a pawnshop (someone lives in the basement and is seen only at night). There's a diner (people who are just passing through tend not to linger). And there's new resident Manfred Bernardo, who thinks he's found the perfect place to work in private (and who has secrets of his own).  Stop at the one traffic light in town, and everything looks normal. Stay awhile, and learn the truth... "--
Murder at the mansion
The lost army of Cambyses
On a hot June day the body of a sixteen-year-old girl washes up on a river bank outside of Frankfurt. She has been brutally murdered, but no one comes forward with any information as to her identity. Even weeks later, the local police have not been able to find out who she is. Then a new case comes in: A popular TV reporter is attacked, raped, and locked in the trunk of her own car. She survives, barely, and is able to supply certain hints to the police, having to do with her recent investigations into a child welfare organization and the potenial uncovering of a child pornography ring with members from the highest echelon of society. As the two cases collide, Inspectors Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein dig deep into the past and underneath the veneer of bourgeois society to come up against a terrible secret that is about to impact their personal lives as well. In Nele Neuhaus's second U.S. publication of her enormously popular series, tensions run high and a complex and unpredictable plot propels her characters forward at breakneck speed.
Magic to the bone
The cutting season : a novel
Tuesday's gone
Elegy for Eddie
Dying to sin : Cooper & Fry mystery
Coffin Road
Down don't bother me
The blood card
Behind dead eyes
"In the latest Library Lover's Mystery from the New York Times bestselling author of A Likely Story, a decades-overdue book puts library director Lindsey Norris hot on the trail of a cold case. When the Briar Creek Public Library holds its first overdue book amnesty day no fines for late returns the volume of incoming materials is more than Lindsey and her staff can handle. In a bind, Lindsey drafts the crafternoon ladies to help check in and sort the stacks of books. But one tardy tome catches her attention a copy of J. D. Salinger's The Catcher in the Rye, twenty years past due. When Lindsey looks up the borrower, she's shocked to discover it was a murdered schoolteacher named Candice Whitley, whose killer was never found. Candice checked out the novel on the day she was murdered. Now Lindsey wonders if it could provide a clue to the decades-old cold case. No one noticed who brought the book back in, but could it be Candice's killer? Lindsey is determined to catch the culprit one way or another, because justice for Candice Whitley is long overdue.."--
Murder on the railways / ed. by peter haining
For years, respected New York law firm Harland & Sinton has been running a fraud of gargantuan proportion. The FBI are on to them, but they need witnesses to secure their case. When a major client of the firm, David Child, is arrested for murder, the FBI ask con-artist-turned-lawyer Eddie Flynn to secure Child as his client and force him to testify against the firm in exchange for a lesser sentence. Eddie's not a man to be forced into representing a guilty client, but the FBI have incriminating files on Eddie's wife, Christine, and if Eddie won't play ball, she'll pay the price. Eddie agrees, but when he meets David Child he knows this is going to be harder than it sounds. Despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary, Eddie is convinced that Child didn't kill his girlfriend and he refuses to send an innocent man to prison. With the FBI putting pressure on him to secure the plea and the formidable Gerry Sinton breathing down his neck, Eddie must find a way to prove Child's innocence while keeping his wife out of danger - not just from the FBI, but from the firm itself. But it's not long before Eddie realises he's part of a dangerous game, with each player willing to kill to get what they want.
Murder in the paperback parlor
Death of a celebrity
A red herring without mustard : a Flavia de Luce novel
The Castlemaine murders
Beyond the Bounty
Everything you want me to be
Too many murders
Herald of death
The girl with the dachshund tattoo
Notes from ghost town
Hush
The execution of Noa P. Singleton : a novel
When the Briar Creek Community Theater mounts its newest Shakespeare production, "Midsummer Night's Dream," library director Lindsey Norris gets involved when one of the cast is poisoned.
Death at the alma mater
Deeds of men : An Onyx Court Novella
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
Magic breaks
Indefensible
The deliverance of evil
Scrapped
The love and death of Caterina
"Aurora Teagarden is basking in the news of her pregnancy when disaster strikes her small Georgia town: four kids vanish from the school soccer field in an afternoon. Aurora's 15-year-old brother Phillip is one of them. Also gone are two of his friends, and an 11-year-old girl who was just hoping to get a ride home from soccer practice. And then there's an even worse discovery--at the kids' last known destination, a dead body. While the local police and sheriff's department comb the county for the missing kids and interview everyone even remotely involved, Aurora and her new husband, true crime writer Robin Crusoe, begin their own investigation. Could the death and kidnappings have anything to do with a group of bullies at the middle school? Is Phillip's disappearance related to Aurora's father's gambling debts? Or is Phillip himself, new to town and an unknown quantity, responsible for taking the other children? But regardless of the reason, as the days go by, the most important questions remain. Are the kids still alive? Who could be concealing them? Where could they be? With Christmas approaching, Aurora is determined to find her brother...if he's still alive. After more than a decade, #1 New York Times bestseller Charlaine Harris finally returns to her fan-favorite Aurora Teagarden series with All the Little Liars, a fabulously fun new mystery"--
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
The long Glasgow kiss
Midnight crossroad
The Master of Rain
A dance of ghosts
Murder is binding : a Booktown mystery
Jack Glass : a golden age story
Presumed guilty
Flight from death
The honey guide
Flight from mayhem
"Trudy has betrayed her husband, John. She's still in the marital home - a dilapidated, priceless London townhouse - but John's not here. Instead, she's with his brother, the profoundly banal Claude, and the two of them have a plan. But there is a witness to their plot: the inquisitive, nine-month-old resident of Trudy's womb. Told from a perspective unlike any other, Nutshell is a classic tale of murder and deceit from one of the world's master storytellers"--
Dark road
Private down under
Heirs and assigns
Spring is in the air, but the ladies of the Cumberland Creek Scrapbook Crop hardly have time to stop and smell the roses. Not when famed Irish dancer Emily McGlashen is found murdered in her studio just after the St. Patrick's Day parade - and one of the Crop's own members is the prime suspect. Vera's dance studio may have suffered when Emily waltzed into town, but the croppers know she's not a vengeful murderer. Lucky for her, co-scrapbooker Annie is a freelance reporter eager to vindicate her friend.
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Memoirs of a porcupine
The ice queen : a novel
The labyrinth of Osiris
Where they found her
31 Bond Street : a novel
The adversary novel : a true story of murder and deception
If the shoe kills
The temptation of the night jasmine
Stephanie Plum faces her toughest case yet.
Ghosts of Manhattan
Death of a nurse : a Hamish Macbeth murder mystery
Hands of the ripper
Snow White Must Die by Nele Neuhaus is a tremendous new contemporary mystery series and huge international bestseller--with more than 2.5 million copies in print!On a rainy November day police detectives Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein are summoned to a mysterious traffic accident: A woman has fallen from a pedestrian bridge onto a car driving underneath. According to a witness, the woman may have been pushed. The investigation leads Pia and Oliver to a small village, and the home of the victim, Rita Cramer.On a September evening eleven years earlier, two seventeen-year-old girls vanished from the village without a trace. In a trial based only on circumstantial evidence, twenty-year-old Tobias Sartorius, Rita Cramer's son, was sentenced to ten years in prison. Bodenstein and Kirchhoff discover that Tobias, after serving his sentence, has now returned to his home town. Did the attack on his mother have something to do with his return?In the village, Pia and Oliver encounter a wall of silence. When another young girl disappears, the events of the past seem to be repeating themselves in a disastrous manner. The investigation turns into a race against time, because for the villagers it is soon clear who the perpetrator is--and this time they are determined to take matters into their own hands.An atmospheric, character-driven and suspenseful mystery set in a small town that could be anywhere, dealing with issues of gossip, power, and keeping up appearances
The hangman
End of watch : a novel
Chickenfeed
Murder, inequality, and the law : differential treatment in the legal process
You only love twice
The Yiddish policemen's union : a novel
Boy crucified
Keep you close
Homicide in hardcover
Rush of blood
The man in the snow
The ABC murders : Xbox One
Death of a cozy writer
Deja who
The damage done
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec and his team of investigators are called in to the scene of a suspicious death in a rural village south of Montreal. Jane Neal, a local fixture in the tiny hamlet of Three Pines, just north of the U.S. border, has been found dead in the woods. The locals are certain it's a tragic hunting accident and nothing more, but Gamache smells something foul in these remote woods, and is soon certain that Jane Neal died at the hands of someone much more sinister than a careless bowhunter.--From publisher description.
Tora Hamilton is an outsider at her new home on the rocky, wind-swept Shetland Islands, a hundred miles from the northeastern tip of Scotland. Though her husband grew up here, it's the first time he's been back in twenty years. Digging in the peat on their new property, Tora unearths a human body, at first glance a centuries-old bog body, interesting but not uncommon. But realizing that the body is in fact much newer, that the woman's heart has been cut out and that she was killed within a few days of bearing a child, Tora, herself an obstetrician, becomes obsessed with finding out what happened to her--even when the police, her colleagues and eventually her husband warn her against getting involved.
The cutting season
The magician's lie : a novel
If snow hadn't fallen (a lacey flint short story)
Downton tabby
The ABC murders : PS4
Monk's hood : the third chronicle of Brother Cadfael
In this tightly wound, enthralling story reminiscent of Agatha Christie's works, Lo Blacklock, a journalist who writes for a travel magazine, has just been given the assignment of a lifetime: a week on a luxury cruise with only a handful of cabins. The sky is clear, the waters calm, and the veneered, select guests jovial as the exclusive cruise ship, the Aurora, begins her voyage in the picturesque North Sea. At first, Lo's stay is nothing but pleasant: the cabins are plush, the dinner parties are sparkling, and the guests are elegant. But as the week wears on, frigid winds whip the deck, gray skies fall, and Lo witnesses what she can only describe as a dark and terrifying nightmare: a woman being thrown overboard. The problem? All passengers remain accounted for--and so, the ship sails on as if nothing has happened, despite Lo's desperate attempts to convey that something (or someone) has gone terribly, terribly wrong
Little black lies
The spectacular finale to the New York Times bestselling trilogy that began with Mr. Mercedes (winner of the Edgar Award) and Finders Keepers--In End of Watch, the diabolical "Mercedes Killer" drives his enemies to suicide, and if Bill Hodges and Holly Gibney don't figure out a way to stop him, they'll be victims themselves. In Room 217 of the Lakes Region Traumatic Brain Injury Clinic, something has awakened. Something evil. Brady Hartsfield, perpetrator of the Mercedes Massacre, where eight people were killed and many more were badly injured, has been in the clinic for five years, in a vegetative state. According to his doctors, anything approaching a complete recovery is unlikely. But behind the drool and stare, Brady is awake, and in possession of deadly new powers that allow him to wreak unimaginable havoc without ever leaving his hospital room. Retired police detective Bill Hodges, the unlikely hero of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers, now runs an investigation agency with his partner, Holly Gibney--the woman who delivered the blow to Hartsfield's head that put him on the brain injury ward. When Bill and Holly are called to a suicide scene with ties to the Mercedes Massacre, they find themselves pulled into their most dangerous case yet, one that will put their lives at risk, as well as those of Bill's heroic young friend Jerome Robinson and his teenage sister, Barbara. Brady Hartsfield is back, and planning revenge not just on Hodges and his friends, but on an entire city.  In End of Watch, Stephen King brings the Hodges trilogy to a sublimely terrifying conclusion, combining the detective fiction of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers with the heart-pounding, supernatural suspense that has been his bestselling trademark. The result is an unnerving look at human vulnerability and chilling suspense. No one does it better than King.
Who killed Sherlock Holmes?
The one I left behind
Victim without a face
Grave witch : an Alex Craft novel
Lye in wait : a home crafting mystery
The pact : a love story
The falconer
The reckoning
Tricky twenty-two
Grave dance : an Alex Craft novel
A bookmarked death
Hold still : everybody has a secret
Getting off : a novel of sex and violence
The plea
A thousand pieces of you
Books can be deceiving : a library lover's mystery
First in a new series. After losing her job as a journalist at the age of 45, Lila Wilkins accepts an internship at A Novel Idea, a thriving literary agency in North Carolina. When a penniless aspiring author drops dead in the agency's waiting room--and Lila discovers a series of threatening letters--she's determined to find out who wrote him off.
After the body of a well-dressed man is discovered in several places, Detective Sergeant Diane Fry and Detective Constable Ben Cooper are plunged into a violent world involving hunters, hounds, horses, thieves, saboteurs, and the meat trade, discovering clues linking the crime to events in the past.
The black country
Snow White must die
Midnight caller
Smoke and mirrors
The heretics : a John Shakespeare mystery
January window
Tangled up in a brew
Murder and Mendelssohn
Acclaimed author Attica Locke reintroduces us to environmental lawyer Jay Porter (her Black Water Rising protagonist), who takes one last case on the behalf of the community of Pleasantville in this new thriller--only to become embroiled in its shadowy politics, a disturbing education in how far those in power are willing to go to win.
Read it and weep : a library lover's mystery
The right path
The book club murders
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
"What should be a cozy and fun-filled weekend deep in the English countryside takes a sinister turn in Ruth Ware's suspenseful, compulsive, and darkly twisted psychological thriller.  Leonora, known to some as Lee and others as Nora, is a reclusive crime writer, unwilling to leave her "nest" of an apartment unless it is absolutely necessary. When a friend she hasn't seen or spoken to in years unexpectedly invites Nora (Lee?) to a weekend away in an eerie glass house deep in the English countryside, she reluctantly agrees to make the trip. Forty-eight hours later, she wakes up in a hospital bed injured but alive, with the knowledge that someone is dead. Wondering not "what happened?" but "what have I done?", Nora (Lee?) tries to piece together the events of the past weekend. Working to uncover secrets, reveal motives, and find answers, Nora (Lee?) must revisit parts of herself that she would much rather leave buried where they belong: in the past.  In the tradition of Paula Hawkins's instant New York Times bestseller The Girl On the Train and S. J. Watson's riveting national sensation Before I Go To Sleep, this gripping literary debut from UK novelist Ruth Ware will leave you on the edge of your seat through the very last page"--
All the little liars
Angel of death
When Carrie Rushton is accused of murdering her husband, library director Lindsey Norris and the Briar Creek crafternoon club launch their own investigation during a nor'easter that has left the police otherwise occupied.
Saint Peter's Fair : the fourth chronicle of Brother Cadfael
Buried in a book
His bloody project : documents relating to the case of Roderick Macrae : a novel
Murder in the secret garden
The Sayers Swindle
