http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5066 carrot
carrot
Effect of salt iodization on the quality of pickled vegetables
Smoothie
Effect of soil compactness on the growth and quality of carrot
Lagring av gulrot = Storage of carrots
Heavy metal traces in growing medium of barley and carrot fertilised with septic tank sludge, urine and composted faeces
The role of fertilization practices in the yield and quality of carrot (Daucus carota L.)
Effect of intercropping carrots and onions on damage caused by the carrot fly, Psila rosae (F.) (Dipt., Psilidae)
Descriptors for wild and cultivated carrots (Daucus carota L.)
Growing root vegetables : a directory of varities and how to cultivate them successfully
Integrated pest management (IPM) and integrated production (IP) in field vegetables : NJF seminar no. 255. Dolaheimen Breiseth Hotell, Lillehammer, Norway. 13-15th March 1995
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Isolation and characterization of homeodomain-leucine zipper encoding genes in plants
Yellow sticky traps in monitoring and control of carrot rust fly in home gardens
The effects of ridging, row-spacing and seeding rate on carrot yield
Root-colonization ability of antagonistic Streptomyces griseoviridis
Sensory design of easy-to-chew food for elderly : ingredients and manufacturing conditions with focus on meat and carrot : literature review
Vegetable diseases : a color handbook
Texture characteristics of carrots as affected by storage temperature and duration
Postharvest chemistry of carrots as such and modified by the preharvest use of Herbicides Chlorpropham (CIPC) and Linuron
Phenolic compounds and their antioxidant properties in different tissues of carrots (Daucus carota L.)
Life cycle assessment (LCA) of carrot purée : case studies of organic and integrated production
Lottie and Dottie Sow Carrots
Creepy carrots!
Microbiological quality of carrots used for preparation of fresh squeezed street vended carrot juices in India
Response of P, K, Mg and NO3-N contents of carrots to irrigation, soil compaction, and nitrogen fertilisation
Pre- and postharvest development of carrot yield and quality
Summary.
Effects of handling on sensory quality of carrots (Daucus carota L.) in relation to chemical parameters = Effekter av håndtering på sensorisk kvalitet i gulrøtter (Daucus carota L.) i relasjon til kjemiske parameter
Satumaa : valokuvia suomalaisilta tanssilavoilta = Finnish tango : photographs, a photographic journey = Der finnische Tango
Chickens cant see in the dark
Vegetables : growing environment and mineral nutrition
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
The physiology of vegetable crops
Carrots and related vegetable Umbelliferae
Bear in love
Towards ecological control of carrot psyllid (Trioza apicalis)
Residues of diazinon and trichloronate in carrots
The giant carrot
Aluminium exposure from vegetables and fresh raw vegetable juices in Kenya
