http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5078 satellites (technical object)
satellites (technical object)
Satellite warfare : a challenge for the international community : report
Remote sensing of snow-cover for the boreal forest zone using microwave radar
Proceedings of the first international symposium on rocket and satellite meteorology : Washington, D.C., April 23-25, 1962
Multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR) allows amplification of two or more pair of primers in parallel for amplification of multiple target sequences in a single reaction tube. In this study, we combined existing simple sequence repeat (SSR) markers (nuclear microsatellites) in the novel combination of multiplex PCR to study the population genetics of common walnut from Croatia. From twenty one tested SSR markers, eleven produced satisfactory results in one multiplex PCR. Population genetic results achieved from 15 samples of Croatian common walnut showed moderate genetic variability (average value: He 0.473; Ho 0.568). Our multiplex PCR allowed cost effective work concerning chemicals, plastic ware, device, and working time producing optimal results. The optimized multiplex PCR represented the best combination of eleven SSR primers for genotyping common walnut in a single PCR reaction..
The multi-source national forest inventory of Finland : methods and results 2007
The maintenance of sexually antagonistic variation in reproductive success by negative frequency-dependence in the bank vole (Myodes glareolus)
The space economy at a glance 2007
Observing earth satellites
Threats concerning the usability of satellite communications in cyberwarfare environment
Satellite meteorology : an introduction
Eye in the sky : the story of the Corona spy satellites
International telecommunication control : international law and the ordering of satellite and other forms of international broadcasting
This article presents the results of the Finnish multi-source forest inventory corresponding to year 2011. For these products, the method uses satellite images from years 2009-2012, digital map data, and field data. The main purpose of the article is to make multi-source forest inventory results available for the foresters, and all the readers interested in forests and forest environment. The field data originates from the 10th Finnish National Forest Inventory from years 2007 and 2008, and from the 11th Finnish National Forest Inventory from years 2009 to 2011. The field data has been computationally updated to the date 31 July, 2011. The basic features of the employed improved k-NN, ik-NN, method are described. The results are presented by the regions of the Public Service unit (regions) of the Finnish Forest Centre and within the regions by municipalities, the boundaries as on 1.1.2011. The estimates are given, for example, for land areas, areas of tree species dominance, age, and development classes and often separately for forests available for wood supply. The mean volume and total volume estimates are given in many different ways: mean volumes by tree species and by timber assortments for forest land, and combined forest land and poorly productive forest land and also for forests available for wood supply, as well as by age and development classes. The biomass estimates are given, in addition to the total biomass estimates, by tree species groups in young thinning stands in which first commercial thinning was proposed for the first 5-year period, separately for stem and bark and branches and foliage. The biomass estimates of mature forests are presented separately for branches, foliage and stem residuals, and stumps and large roots by tree species groups. These biomass estimates are given separately for land available for wood supply. All presented results can be employed in calculating forest resource estimates also for regions larger than municipalities. The error sources for the estimates as well as the reliability of the estimates are briefly discussed in Section 3.4.4 and Chapter 5.
Electrical ground support equipment for Aalto-1 satellite ground station
Ripples in the cosmos : a view behind the scenes of the new cosmology
Applied satellite navigation using GPS, GALILEO, and augmentation systems
FS-1 : study of a Finnish small satellite = esitutkimus suomalaisesta piensatelliitista
SMS based Android asset tracking system
Author James David tells the inside story of how NASA became a strange bedfellow to the Department of Defense and the National Security Agency, performing covert operations such as flying over sensitive areas, launching secret telecommunications satellites, and missile launch testing.
DTH reception system with small aperture antenna for Ku-band satellite broadcast reception
The exploitation of space : policy trends in the military and commercial uses of outer space
Safeguarding space security : prevention of an arms race in outer space : conference report 21-22 March  2005
Space satellite handbook
Using remote sensing to model tree species distribution in Peruvian Amazonia
Effects of positioning aids on understanding the relationship between a mobile map and the environment
Echo of the big bang
Car Alarm System Engineered In Arduino Environment
Location based guide application for Windows Phone 7
Significant achievements in satellite meteorology 1958-1964
Satellite communication systems engineering
Problems of satellite meteorology
EGNOS augmented satellite positioning
Bestselling astronomy writer Terence Dickinson showcases a breathtaking portfolio drawn from an archive of over 500,000 existing Hubble images together with facts and tidbits about Hubble's history and discoveries not found in any other book.
Recognizing risks of satellite-based tracking
Introduction to satellite geodesy
The global geospace mission
Model course 1.07 : general operator's certificate for the global maritime distress and safety system, 2004 edition
Grounded View to Technical Risks of Satellite Based Tracking Systems: A Multimethodology Research
Atlas of high conservation value areas, and analysis of gaps and representativeness of the protected area network in northwest Russia : Arkhangelsk, Vologda, Leningrad, and Murmansk Regions, Republic of Karelia, and City of St. Petersburg
This thesis is targeting to develop and engineer a burglar alarm system prototype using the software and hardware environment Arduino, which is originally manufactured by Smart Projects. The system under development provides a versatile theft inhibition hardware configuration for the holder of the system. It also provides vehicle localization enabling features in case of theft. In the final project, the aim is not to reach commercial benefit. The aim is to get familiar with software libraries and information offered by Arduino environment, GPS utilizing standard NMEA0183 and SIM900 with AT commands. This project examines burglar alarm system engineering from a commercially neutral point of view. Most of the sources have been published by companies, but without these essential resources it would be extremely complicated to engineer the software. In process of this final project, the functional requirements and hardware are defined. Then the embedded software is implemented. Finally, the achievements are explored and the final outcome is discussed. With the available resources for the project, it was feasible to create a project plan. The project plan describes how the burglar alarm system should work. A partial software was engineered and it was ready to use few AT commands. Also, the hardware design was put together. The GSM/GPRS Quadband module was assembled into the Arduino Mega 2560, and an anti-theft immobilizer relay was soldered into a circuit board. The PIR-sensor was acquired and connected to the Arduino Mega 2560.
Along-scan radiometric gradient in Landsat images : understanding the relation between floristic and remote sensing information in tropical forests
Satellite communications systems : systems, techniques and technology
Genetic diversity in the wild : cyclic population dynamics and population isolation
Seminars of the United Nations Programme on Space Applications : selected papers on space science education, remote sensing and small satellites 1998
Remote sensing of atmosphere and ocean from space : models, instruments and techniques
Copyright problems of satellite and cable television in Europe
Meteorological investigations with rockets and satellites
Information technology and global interdependence
Newnes guide to radio and communications technology
Landsat TM images in mapping of semi-natural grasslands and analysing of habitat pattern in an agricultural landscape in south-west Finland
Satellite geodesy : foundations, methods, and applications
Optimizations of high throughput multiplex polymerase chain reaction with simple sequence repeat markers for genotyping of common walnut populations (Juglans regia L.)
Advances in satellite meteorology
Quality of service for broadband satellite internet - ATM and IP Services
Weather satellite handbook
The advanced very high resolution radiometer (AVHRR)
Telecommunications satellites and international law : International Colloquium, Brussels November 8, 1988 = Les satellites de télécommunication et le droit international : Colloque international, Bruxelles 8 novembre 1988.
SOFOS : a new satellite-based operational fog observation scheme
Meteorological utilization of images of the earth's surface transmitted from a satellite vehicle
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Summary (s. 13-16).
Electronic communications : modulation and transmission
Multispectral image analysis for extraction of remotely sensed features in agricultural fields
Heterozygosity-fitness correlations and the maintenance of genetic variation in small populations in Drosophila littoralis
Remote sensing of leaf area index : enhanced retrieval from close-range and remotely sensed optical observations
Outer space - battlefield of the future
Integrating GIS and the global positioning system
AVHRR NDVI for monitoring and mapping of vegetation and drought in East African environments
presented to back up the design principles of the module. Testing of the design was done with a Xilinx XSA 35 1000 prototyping board. Simulated test data set was uploaded into the SDRAM memory for testing the design. The test board logic was implemented partially, but an SDRAM controller and new UART module had to be integrated to it.
Want to build your own satellite and launch it into space? It’s easier than you may think. The first in a series of four books, this do-it-yourself guide shows you the essential steps needed to design a base picosatellite platform—complete with a solar-powered computer-controlled assembly—tough enough to withstand a rocket launch and survive in orbit for three months. Whether you want to conduct scientific experiments, run engineering tests, or present an orbital art project, you’ll select basic components such as an antenna, radio transmitter, solar cells, battery, power bus, processor, sensors, and an extremely small picosatellite chassis. This entertaining series takes you through the entire process—from planning to launch.
Red moon rising : Sputnik and the rivalries that ignited the space age
Satellite meteorology : proceedings of the inter-regional seminar on the interpretation of meteorological satellite data, Melbourne, Australia 25 November - 6 December 1968.
Decision-making in land-use and conservation planning requires relevant and good quality information over wide areas, collected in a cost-efficient manner. This study focuses on the use of medium-resolution satellite imagery in landscape level studies of habitat pattern, particularly in fragmented agricultural landscapes. We analysed the suitability of multi-temporal Landsat TM images in habitat mapping, in particular for the discrimination of semi-natural grasslands. The results showed that even patchy agricultural mosaics can be coarsely mapped with Landsat TM and that the use of multi-temporal imagery notably improves the classification results. The best classification result (total accuracy 89%) was achieved with early spring, midsummer and late summer images combined. The classification accuracy for semi-natural grasslands was relatively low overall (63%), but over 90% of large (&gt; 1 ha) patches were discriminated. Furthermore, we compared a set of landscape composition and structure indices calculated from 1) a Landsat TM -based habitat classification (25 m resolution) and 2) a habitat map derived from aerial photographs (2 m resolution). The compositional indices, diversity index and patch sizes gave similar results on both scales. Finally, the habitat pattern of the study area was described using the calculated compositional, structural and environmental indices, and three main landscape types were identified.
The role of parental effect and relatedness on early development of vendace and whitefish in short and long winter
An analysis of North Korea's satellite
New media politics : comparative perspectives in Western Europe
How reliable is a satellite forest inventory?
Look inside cross-sections space
Safeguarding space for all : security and peaceful uses : conference report 25-26 March 2004
Conclusions and recommendations (s. 299-308).
Satellites of the outer planets : worlds in their own right
Analysis of the phenology in the Mongolian Plateau by inter-comparison of global vegetation datasets
Fragmentation-related patterns of genetic differentiation in pedunculate oak (Quercus robur) at two hierarchical scales
GMDSS manual : global maritime distress and safety system
Spacecraft systems engineering
Dynamics of a coupled system : Multi-resolution remote sensing in assessing social-ecological responses during 25 years of gas field development in Arctic Russia
Phylogeography and conservation genetics of waders
Anti-satellite weapons : the strategic balance and arms control
Height determination by GPS : a practical experiment in central Sweden
Satellite communications : mobile and fixed services
Spatial and spectral separability of grasslands in the inner Turku archipelago using landsat thematic mapper satellite imagery
Model course. 1.25, General operator's certificate for the global maritime distress and safety system
Broadcasting : the new law
Civil space systems : implications for international security
The behind-the-scenes story of the fierce battles on earth that launched the superpowers into space. Khrushchev was frustrated at America's U-2 spy plane, which flew too high to be shot down. But Russia's chief rocket designer, had an answer: an artificial satellite that would orbit the earth and cross American skies at will. The launch of Sputnik on October 4, 1957, stunned the world. Sputnik set in motion events that led not only to the moon landing but also to cell phones, federally guaranteed student loans, and the wireless Internet. Journalist Brzezinski takes us inside the Kremlin, the White House, secret military facilities, and the halls of Congress to bring to life the Russians and Americans who feared and distrusted their compatriots as much as their rivals.
Seminars of the United Nations Programme on Space Applications : selected papers on space science education, remote sensing and small satellites 19989
The children's space atlas : takes children on a voyage of discovery from the creation of the stars and planets to the latest findings from probes and satellites
scrubber design has been tested in a laboratory test setup and in a real-life radiation environment. Radiation testing was performed at the Radiation Effects Facility (RADEF) at the University of Jyväskylä with promising results and confirmed functionality in March 2014.
Proceedings of the commission for marine meteorology technical conference on ocean remonte sensing
Satellite broadband
Diffuse infrared radiation and the IRTS : proceedings of a symposium held at Institute of Space and Astronomical Science, Sagamihara, Kanagawa, Japan 11-14 November 1996
An introduction to space law
Eisenhower's Sputnik moment : the race for space and world prestige
Water quality estimation by optical remote sensing in boreal lakes
Analyses for durability and system design lifetime : a multidisciplinary approach
Multi-source inventory of the forests of the Hebei forestry bureau, Heilongjiang, China
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Atlas of Fengyun (FY-1) meteorological satellite
GNSS receivers for weak signals
Genetic diversity and its extended effects : fragmented pedunculate oak (Quercus robur) populations in south-western Finland
High-precision station positioning and satellite orbit determination
Handbook of position location : theory, practice and advances
The implications of establishing an international satellite monitoring agency : report of the Secretary-General
Investigations of solitary wave phenomena in the near-earth space plasma using the Viking and Freja satellites
Hubble's universe : greatest discoveries and latest images
Cosmic microwave background map making
Satellite communications : principles and applications
International SafetyNET manual
Waves and Acceleration of Relativistic Particles (WARP)
Emergency preparedness for nuclear-powered satellites : Stockholm, Sweden 24-26 April 1989
Automatic rectification and calibration program for RADARSAT ScanSAR images
Atmospheric science at NASA : a history
Conclusion (s. 154-158).
Populations at species' range margins are expected to show lower genetic diversity than populations at the core of the range. Yet, long-lived, widespread tree species are expected to be resistant to genetic impoverishment, thus showing comparatively high genetic diversity within populations and low differentiation among populations. Here, we study the distribution of genetic variation in the pedunculate oak (Quercus robur L.) at its range margin in Finland at two hierarchical scales using 15 microsatellite loci. At a regional scale, we compared variation within versus among three oak populations. At a landscape scale, we examined genetic structuring within one of these populations, growing on an island of ca 5 km2. As expected, we found the majority of genetic variation in Q. robur to occur within populations. Nonetheless, differentiation among populations was markedly high (FST = 0.12) compared with values reported for populations of Q. robur closer to the core of its range. At the landscape level, some spatial and temporal sub-structuring was observed, likely explained by the history of land-use on the island. Overall, Q. robur fulfils the expectation of the central-marginal hypothesis of high differentiation among marginal populations, but the notable population differentiation has most likely been influenced also by the long, ongoing fragmentation of populations. Finnish oak populations may still be adjusting to the drastic habitat changes of the past centuries. Preservation of genetic variation within the remaining stands is thus an important factor in the conservation of Q. robur at its range margin..
Planets and satellites
Surveying for engineers
Spies and shuttles : NASA's secret relationships with the DOD and CIA / James David
Satellite orbits : models, methods, and applications
Studies of satellite-based tracking systems for improving law enforcement : comprising investigation data, digital evidence and monitoring of legality
Car alarm system engineered in Arduino environment
Studying habitat use and behavior of moose (Alces alces) by integrating airborne laser scanning and GPS tracking
Research of the mobile LBS in China and its future strategies
Atlas of satellite observations related to global change
Biomass assessment in Bounaamane using SPOT data
Earth-oriented space activities and their legal implications : proceedings of the symposium held on October 15-16, 1981 = Les activités spatiales effectuées au service de la terre et leurs implications juridiques : rapports du symposium tenu les 15 et 16 octobre 1981
Satellite communication engineering
Atlas of the oceans: wind and wave climate
The use of visual aids to navigation
Advances in satellite meteorology. 2
Photoelectric time micrometer
A tapestry of orbits
The first space race : launching the world's first satellites
System level design for the compact radiation monitor RADMON
Satellites and scientific research
Principles of digital communication systems and computer networks
Satellites and probes : the development of unmanned space flight
The role of agroecosystems for invasion of a generalist herbivore
Satellite communications in Europe : law and regulation
Satellites for arms control and crisis monitoring
Space activities and emerging international law
Business model viability of Galileo Commercial Service
The multi-source national forest inventory of Finland : methods and results 2013
Regulation of transnational communications
Orbital mechanics. by Richard G. Madonna
Study of propagation phenomena for low availabilities : final report for the European Space Agency under ESTEC Contract 8025/88/NL/PR
Soft error correcting cofiguration scrubber for the compact radiation monitor onboard the Aalto-1 satellite
The scientific datapath of the RADMON instrument on the Aalto-1 satellite
Understanding the GPS : an introduction to the global positioning system : what it is and how it works
Colorectal carcinogenesis via serrated route
Summary (s. 1-2).
Interpretation of observation data from meteorological satellites
Antisatellite weapons and the strategic balance
Commercial utilization of outer space : law and practice
Weltraumrecht : Textsammlung = Law of outer space
From space to earth : the story of solar electricity
Peak distinguishing FPGA module for space-bound radiation detector
Neither Star Wars nor sanctuary : constraining the military uses of space
Studies of rain attenuation and total atmospheric attenuation for low-availability satellite communications
Evaluation of the GPS accuracy of tablets
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Use of Vessel Monitoring Systems and Satellites for Fisheries Monitoring, Control and Surveillance, Rome, 24-26 October 2006.
correctly, as defined by it's configuration. The configuration of the module is dependent on the properties of the RADMON electronics. Figuring out the correct configuration requires testing with particle accelerators and remains as future task for the RADMON-project.
Mobile satellite communications : principles and trends
Development of Intelligent mobile platform for Decartus system : Mobile video surveillance system
The eye of God : the new Sigma Force novel
Space encyclopedia
The Multi-source National Forest Inventory of Finland : methods and results 2009
Outer space : a new dimension of the arms race
The multi-source national forest inventory of Finland : methods and results 2011
Guide to satellite TV : installation, reception, and repair
Manual for use by the maritime mobile and maritime mobile-satellite services : provisions of the telecommunication services applicable or useful to stations in the maritime mobile and maritime mobile-satellite services
Numerics of spacecraft dynamics
Introduction to satellite communication
Supporting observations for EISCAT and VIKING in Northern Europe
Space : present knowledge, future trends
Touch Screen Operated Data Warehouse Application
Predictions of forest inventory cover type proportions using Landsat TM
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Reduced simple ratio better than NDVI for estimating LAI in Finnish pine and spruce stands
Earth observation with CHAMP (Challenging Minisatellite Payload) : results from three years in Orbit
The motion of planets and natural and artificial satellites : proceedings of a CNPq-NSF synposium and workshop held in Embu, Brazil December 14-18, 1981
GMDSS radio log book : incorporating the simplified F/V GMDSS log book
Shifts in Arctic phenology in response to  climate and anthropogenic factors as  detected from multiple satellite time series
