http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5072 ensembles (groups)
ensembles (groups)
The complete history of Black Sabbath : what evil lurks
Primal Scream : higher that the sun
So this is permanence : Joy Division : lyrics and notebooks
The shore
God save the kinks : A Biography
Shock and awe : glam rock and its legacy : from the seventies to the twenty-first century
The complete Abba
The very best of Confederate Railroad
Early recordings 1971-1979
Led Zeppelin day by day
The bloody reign of slayer
Dark days : a memoir
New tunes for strings : teacher's book / Stanley Fletcher ;  instructional design by Paul Rollandtwo : Book 2 / advisory editors: cello Margaret A. Rowell, double bass Edward Krolick
The One Direction story
You're making me hate you : a cantankerous look at the common misconception that humans have any common sense left
Global industry
Perfect Circle : the story of REM
JLS : just between us : our private diary
1001 amazing facts about the best bands : unofficial & unauthorised. Volume 1.
Walking on the moon : the untold story of the Police and the rise of new wave rock
Soul on fire : the life and music of Peter Steele
Never surrender (or nearly good looking) : an autobiography
Genesis : The Complete guide to the music of Genesis
Sexuality
Wake up you! : the rise and fall of Nigerian rock, 1972-1977. Vol. 1
The american book of the Dead : the definitive Grateful Dead encyclopedia
Brutal out Deh
Sex Pistols : the inside story
Blues Japanish
Entertain us : the rise of Nirvana
Scott Pilgrim vs. the universe
Supersonic : personal situations with Oasis (1992-96)
Chapter and verse : New Order, Joy Division and me
Confessions of a heretic
The Ohio Players
Fleetwood Mac : 40 years of creative chaos
Beck : Mongolian chop squad. gig 1
How Harry Riddles got nearly almost famous
The Big Wheel
My life and the beautiful music
Reckless : My life as a Pretender
Blur : the whole story
Jerry on Jerry : the unpublished Jerry Garcia interviews
Peter Gabriel : from Genesis to growing up
The concept of form and its change in the music of the Beatles
The sounds of Bakersfield : live
Rush : the illustrated history
Oasis : what's the story?
Lemmy : the definitive biography
Signing off
Steppin' Razor : the life of Peter Tosh
Coldplay
Scott Pilgrim's precious little life
Precious Metal
I'm not with the band : a writer's life lost in music
Pop groups
The Smiths
This world oft can be
Is it a boy or a girl? : constructing masculinity in the lyrics of Metallica
Music of Yes : structure and vision in progressive rock
"She's not a girl who misses much" : the representation of women in the Beatles' song lyrics
Jimmy Page
Anthology 1.
"Zooropa! my Zooropa!" : U2's critique of Europe in the 1990s
Snakes and ladders : my autobiography : a rock 'n' roll odyssey to Whitesnake
Symphonic soul
Some fun tonight! : the backstage story of how the Beatles rocked America : the historic tours of 1964-1966. Volume 1, 1964
Unknown pleasures : inside Joy Division
A biography of The Doors : love becomes a funeral pyre
Hit hard : a story of hitting rock bottom at the top
Rip it up and start again : postpunk 1978-84
New Kids on the Block : they'll be lovin' you forever
Justice for all : The Truth About Metallica
Don Giovanni : for 2 oboes, 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons & 2 horns. Volume 2
Nu Scientific approach : SCAM Parties vol. 1, Helsinki 14.3.1998
The Rhino Records story : the revenge of the music nerds
Dave Brubeck : live in ̕'64 & '68
Getting started with jazz band
2300 Jackson Street
Rush and philosophy : heart and mind united
The Grateful Dead and philosophy : getting high minded about love and Haight
No one knows : The Queens of the Stone Age Story
Black metal : evolution of the cult
Let's have a musical rhythm band
Let's go to hell : scattered memories of the Butthole Surfers
When they were boys : the true story of the Beatles' rise to the top
Brian Jones : The making of Rolling Stones
Scott Pilgrim vs. the world
Fleetwood Mac : the definitive history
Black diamond : the unauthorized biography of KISS
Rock'n' roll camp for girls : how to start a band, write songs, record an album, and rock out!!
Scott Pilgrim gets it together
Journey to the centre of The Cramps
The global and the local in Max Cavalera's music projects /.
The emergence of rock'n roll : music and the rise of American youth culture
This is all a dream we dreamed : an oral history of the Grateful Dead
Wild and free
The Beatles companion : the fab four in film, performance, recording and print
Relentless : thirty years of Sepultura
Playing to the camera : musicians and musical performance in documentary cinema
Scott Pilgrim and the infinite sadness
Reaping the harvest
Babylon The Bandit
1 D : the one direction story
Heavy metal in Baghdad : the story of Acrassicauda
Van Halen : a visual history: 1978-1984
Iron Maiden : the ultimate unauthorized history of the beast
Queen : the ultimate illustrated history of the crown kings of rock
Beatles '64 : a hard day's night in America
Love themes in the lyrics of Freddie Mercury
Metallica : back to the front : a fully authorized visual history of the Master of puppets album and tour
Best of Toots And The Maytals
Punk  : the  whole story
Led Zeppelin  : the illustrated biography
Punk USA : the rise and fall of Lookout! Records
British society in gothic rock : Siouxsie and the Banshees 1978-79
Love becomes a funeral pyre
The Singles
Greatest hits. Volume 2
The Haters
Beck : Mongolian chop squad. gig 2
Three Epitaphs
The Beatles book
Sabbath bloody sabbath
The Beatles in Hamburg
Writings about the Finnish Fandom of the Spice Girls Band
Are you a fan of 5 Seconds of Summer, One Direction, The Vamps and other similar bands? Do you want to know all the inside info on your favourite music acts, from how they first got together to their relationships, likes, dislikes and interesting facts previously known only to those closest to the bands themselves? If so, then this is the book for you. Containing one hundred facts on each band (plus one final bonus fact on 5SOS) this book will make you the master of all rock and pop knowledge! So whether it’s Harry Styles and his mates, Luke Hemmings & co, Brad Simpson and friends or any of the other seven groups featured, this is the perfect book for you!
This wheel's on fire : Levon Helm and the story of the Band
Hunter Davies, the only ever authorised biographer of the group, brings together three eminent Beatles experts to compile an invaluable and essential guide. Divided into four sections – People, Songs, Places and Broadcast & Cinema – The Beatles Book covers every element of the band’s history and brings every influence that shaped the incredible Beatles phenomenon vividly to life. Hunter and his team have also rated entries to show how important, influential or meaningful that characteristic was in the history of their lives and creations.
Start a band!
A road trip adventure about a trio of jazz-camp escapees who, against every realistic expectation, become a band. For Wes and Corey, jazz camp turns out to be lame. It's pretty much all dudes talking in Jazz Voice. But then they jam with Ash, a charismatic girl with an unusual sound, and the three just click. Ash makes a decision: they need to hit the road. Because the road, not summer camp, is where bands get good. Before Wes and Corey know it theyre in Ashs SUV heading south, and The Haters Summer of Hate Tour has begun.
Birth school Metallica death. Volume 1
Remember! : the great hits from the girl groups
The band
My generation
This will end in tears : the miserabilist guide to music
Girl in a band : a memoir
Black Sabbath : symptom of the universe
Some fun tonight! : the backstage story of how the Beatles rocked America : the historic tours of 1964-1966. Volume 2, 1965-1966
Red Hot Chili Peppers : our music talks but our rocks smell like socks : Todd Loren presents
Cupcakes and glitter shakes
Raised on radio
The Fleetwood Mac story : rumours and lies
Let it rock : the making of Bon Jovi's Slippery when wet
Sympathy for the devil : the birth of the Rolling Stones and the death of Brian Jones
Unleashed : The Story of Tool
Heaven and hell : my life in the Eagles (1974-2001)
In This is all a dream we dreamed, two of the most well-respected chroniclers of the Dead, Blair Jackson and David Gans, reveal the band’s story through the words of its members, their creative collaborators and peers, and a number of diverse fans, stitching together a multitude of voices into a seamless oral tapestry. Capturing the ebullient spirit at the group’s core, Jackson and Gans weave together a musical saga that examines the music and subculture that developed into its own economy, touching fans from all walks of life, from penniless hippies to celebrities, and at least one U.S. vice president. This definitive book traces the Dead’s evolution from its humble beginnings as a folk/bluegrass band playing small venues in Palo Alto to the feral psychedelic warriors and stadium-filling Americana jam band that blazed all the way through to the 90s. Along the way, we hear from many who were touched by the Dead - from David Crosby and Miles Davis, to Ken Kesey, Carolyn “Mountain Girl” Garcia, and a host of Merry Pranksters, to legendary concert promoter Bill Graham, and others.
Conversations with McCartney
Pete Frame's rock family trees
Dr. Martens Airwair with bouncing soles
Won't get fooled again : the Who from Lifehouse to Quadrophenia
The ABBA guide to Stockholm
Tragedy : the ballad of the Bee Gees
The infinite patio
Weather Report : electric red
Nick & Norah's infinite playlist
Fool the world : [the oral history of a band called Pixies]
The story of rock music
The Rolling Stones in the beginning
Fleetwood Mac's distinctive sound, first really captured in the 1977 record Rumours, launched the group into the commercial stratosphere, and over the past three decades they have never looked back. All along the way their dysfunctional relationships have informed their professional success, as well as their personal downfalls. By writing and singing about their problems, Fleetwood Mac has transformed what breaks them apart into what keeps them together. They have turned their dark relationship dilemmas into glittering entertainment. In this highly entertaining chronicle, author Donald Brackett provides readers with a special opportunity to review the band's complicated history and reconsider the personal, dynamic sources of their classic albums and enduring hits. The band drummer Mick Fleetwood and bassist John McVie started in 1967 has gone through more personnel changes and stylistic innovations than any other pop group in our cultural history. The story of the group began when John Mayall and Alexis Korner, the band's mentors, launched a mid-'60s British blues revival. Ex-Mayall players Fleetwood and McVie then went on to form an incendiary band of psychedelic blues under the name Fleetwood Mac. But it was not until hearing a little-known 1973 record from Lindsey Buckingham and Stevie Nicks that Mick Fleetwood heard the future sound and true pop potential of his own group.
Black metal : the cult never dies. Volume 1
Dirty deeds : my life inside/outside of AC/DC
The Lemonheads
Happiness is ... a good transcription : shortcomings in the sheet music publications in the music of the Beatles (1967-68)
All the million sellers
Pink Floyd : the illustrated biography
The Beach Boys : America's band
Ray Davies : a complicated life
Everyman
Touch the world
Motets, anthems, fantasias & voluntaries
Children of the night
Right on time
Take That : Now and then : the illustrated story : unofficial
Substance : inside New Order
Boring girls : a novel
Just stompin'
The Beatles
Metallica : the early years and the rise of metal
The best of Inner Circle
Time to shine
Scott Pilgrim's finest hour
Gig guide : blues set : The performance guide for bands : vocals, guitar, keyboard, bass, drums
New York rock : from the rise of the Velvet Underground to the fall of CBGB
