http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p507 peacekeeping
peacekeeping
EU peacebuilding in Kosovo and Afghanistan : legality and accountability
The Peace and Security Council of the African Union : its relationship with the United Nations, the African Union and sub-regional mechanisms
The challenge of peace management: the role of the United NationsSecretary General
Paths to peace : the UN Security Council and its presidency
The European Union and peacebuilding : the cross-border dimension
New dimensions of peacekeeping
Introduction to the special theme : international post-conflict governance
Peacekeeping and the international system
The gone-away world
International governance of war-torn territories : rule and reconstruction
Blinded by humanity : inside the UN's humanitarian operations
Palgrave advances in peacebuilding : critical developments and approaches
Managing armed conflicts in the 21st century
Peacemaking in a troubled world
Swords into plowshares : the problems and progress of international organization
Evaluating peace operations
United Nations forces
The thin blue line : international peacekeeping and its future
United Nations peacekeeping 1946-1967 : documents and commentary. 1, The Middle East
Bound to cooperate : conflict, peace and people in Sierra Leone
Commercialising security in Europe : political consequences for peace operations
Peace without politics? : ten years of international state-building in Bosnia
Disarmament in conflict prevention : panel discussion, United Nations, New York, 1 October 2002.
Intelligence in peace support operations
Peacekeeping operations : global patterns of intervention and success, 1948-2004
Ending violent conflict
The challenge of peace management: the role of the United Nations Secretary-General
The United Nations and Somalia 1992-1996
Applicability of international humanitarian law to peacekeeping operations
Journal of international peacekeeping
Global problems and common security : annals of Pugwash 1988
Summary: "The award of the Nobel Peace Prize to the European Union in 2012 was a reminder of the role of European integration in peacebuilding after the Second World War. For the 'Founding Fathers' of the European integration project, cross-border-cooperation was an integral element in building Europe's peace. Yet, in a Western Europe largely at peace for generations, peacebuilding as a relevant objective for European integration may be questioned. Moreover, the contribution of cross-border cooperation to conflict amelioration may be challenged on the grounds of its overwhelming economic focus. However, enlargement into Central Eastern Europe highlights once again the necessity of a peacebuilding objective for the European Union because of the multitude of real and potential conflicts encompassed within its expanded policy orbit. Drawing on evidence from selected 'borderscapes', this study examines 25 years of European Union cross-border cooperation as conflict amelioration and assesses its prospects in a political climate that emphasises borders as security barriers"--.
The United Nations and changing world politics
Imperfect unions : security institutions over time and space
Strategy for peace : twenty-second annual US foreign policy conference, October 16-18, 1981.
Casualties of the new world order : the causes of failure of UN missions to civil wars
United Nations concern for peace and security in Central Africa : reference document = Les Nations Unies soucieuses de promouvoir la paix et la sécurité en Afrique centrale : document de référence
UN peacekeeping in civil wars
Legal regimes applicable to United Nations peace operations
Mothers under fire : mothering in conflict areas
Keeping the peace in the CIS : the evolution of Russian policy
Paths to peace : history of Japan's international peace cooperation
NGOs, crisis management and conflict resolution : measuring the impact of NGOs on intergovernmental organisations
Managing arms in peace processes : Rhodesia/Zimbabve
United Nations peacekeeping 1946-1967 : documents and commentary. 3, Africa
The United Nations force in Cyprus
Training for peace and humanitarian relief operations : advancing best practices
The United Nations mission : the problems of international responsibility
The United Nations and the maintenance of international peace and security
Bosnia and Herzegovina : the challenge of legitimacy : FAST country risk profile Bosnia and Herzegovina
United Nations peace-keeping
Report on the United Nations Seminar on Prospects for Palestinian Economic Development and the Middle East Peace Process : Cairo, 20 and 21 June 2000.
Rethinking peacekeeping, gender equality and collective security
General Assembly, forty-ninth session : agenda. Item 79, Comprehensive review of the whole question of peace-keeping operations in all their aspects
The United Nations and Rwanda 1993-1996
The United Nations since 1945 : peacekeeping and the Cold War
The Guatemala peace agreements
"Mothers Under Fire: Mothering in Conflict Areas examines the experiences of women mothering in conflict areas. The aim of this collection is to engage with the nature and meaning of motherhood and mothering during times of war and/or in zones experiencing the threat of war. The essays in the collection reflect diverse disciplinary perspectives through which scholars and field practitioners reveal how conflict shapes mothering practices. One of the unique contributions of the collection is that it highlights not only the particular difficulties mothers face in various geographic locations where conflict has been prevalent, but also the ways in which mothers display agency to challenge and negotiate the circumstances that oppress them. The collection raises awareness of the needs of women and children in areas affected by military and/or political violence worldwide, and provides a basis for developing multiple policy frameworks aimed at improving existing systems of support in local contexts."-- Provided by publisher.
An essay on strategy as it affects the achievement of peace in a nuclear setting
Sustainable peace : the role of the UN and regional organizations in preventing conflict
The law of nations : an introduction to the international law of peace
Characteristics and some aspects of launching U.N. peace-keeping forces
After terror : promoting dialogue among civilizations
"We the peoples" : the role of the United Nations in the twenty-first century : the millennium report
After mass crime : rebuilding states and communities
Selected essays on understanding international institutions and the legislative process
Keeping the peace : the United Nations and the maintenance of international peace and security
The causes of war and the consequences of peacekeeping in Africa
At war's end : building peace after civil conflict
World encyclopedia of peace. Vol. 3
Building peace in Africa
Conflict prevention : path to peace or grand illusion?
International peacekeeping
Managing arms in peace processes : Liberia
The new UN peacemaking : building peace in lands of conflict after the cold war
Basic documents on United Nations and related peace-keeping forces : with an appendix on UN Military Observer Missions
United Nations peacekeeping 1946-1967 : documents and commentary. 2, Asia
Expatriate adjustment of Finnish peacekeepers : peacekeepers in the KFOR operation in Kosovo
Volunteers against conflict
Abstract (s. 569-571).
Sensors for peace : applications, systems and legal requirements for monitoring in peace operations
Patterns of peacemaking
Peace : a very short introduction
Return to civilian power? : The EU and international peace support operations
The UN's role in nation-building : from the Congo to Iraq
National contingents in United Nations peace-keeping forces
Unfinished business : the negotiation of the CTBT and the end of nuclear testing
Historical dictionary of multinational peacekeeping
The European Union and conflict prevention : policy evolution and outcome
Responsibility of the United Nations under international law : a study over United Nations peacekeeping missions
The wars of Yugoslav dissolution and Britain's role in shaping western policy : 1991-1995
Strategies of peace : transforming conflict in a violent world
A strategy for peace : human values and the threat of war
The Sage handbook of conflict resolution
Strategic interests in the Middle East : opposition or support for US foreign policy
Since the end of the Cold War, conflict prevention and resolution, peacekeeping andpeacebuilding have risen to the top of the international agenda. The fourth edition of this hugely popular text explains the key concepts, charts the development of the field, evaluates successes and failures, and assesses the main current challenges and debates in the second decade of the twenty-first century. In response to ongoing changes in the dynamics of global conflict, including the events and consequences of the Arab revolutions, the rise of the self-styled 'Islamic State', the conflict in Ukraine, and the continued evolution of conflict resolution theory and practice, this edition provides a fresh assessment of the contemporary conflict landscape. Comprehensively updated and illustrated with new case studies, the book identifies a new pattern of 'transnational conflicts' and argues for a response based on cosmopolitan conflict resolution, defined as the promotion of the cosmopolitan values on which the welfare and life hopes of future generations depend. Part I offers a comprehensive survey of the theory and practice of conflict resolution. Part II sets the field within the context of rapid global change and addresses the controversies that have surrounded conflict resolution as it has entered the mainstream. Contemporary Conflict Resolution is essential reading for students of peace and security studies, conflict management and international politics, as well as for those working in non-governmental organizations and think-tanks.
Men, militarism, and UN peacekeeping : a gendered analysis
Enhancing human security through crisis management : opportunities and challenges for learning
International interventions and Security Council
The transformation of peace
The status of observers in the United Nations
The state of human security in Africa : an assessment of institutional preparedness
Telling the truths : truth telling and peace building in post-conflict societies
Peace-keeping and regional arrangements
Understanding peacekeeping
The people of Sweden shall have peace : peace legislation and royal power in later medieval Sweden
Peace at any price : how the world failed Kosovo
Corruption and post-conflict peacebuilding : selling the peace?
Encyclopedia of public international law. 1, Settlement of disputes
Searching for peace : the road to TRANSCEND
Peacekeeping in international politics
Multilateral security and ESDP operations
On the need to control the functioning of the United Nations collective security system : the Lockerbie affair revisited
Normative politics and the community of nations
The state as an end in itself : connecting the idea of the state, the collapse of political authority in Somalia and the failure of the United Nations operation in Somalia 1992-1995
Contemporary conflict resolution : the prevention, management and transformation of deadly conflicts
The war of Yugoslav dissolution and Britain's role in shaping western policy : 1991-1995
Trilateral perpectives on international legal issues : relevance of domestic law and policy
Peacebuilding and civilian crisis management studies
Liberal peacebuilding and global governance : beyond the metropolis
The blue helmets : legal regulation of United Nations military operations
"The Nordic Africa Institute, the Dag Hammarskjöld Foundation and the Norwegian Institute for International Affairs hosted a seminar in Uppsala, Sweden, on 15 and 16 December 2011, that brought together AU, EU and UN officials closely involved in peace operations in Africa. The seminar's purpose was to allow participants to compare their experiences of the different support models that have been used to date in Sudan and Somalia. International support for African peace operations provides opportunities but also poses challenges. This report examines four of these challenges in some detail: the AU Commission's limited capacity to plan and manage peace operations; insufficient political engagement by African member states with AU peace operations; the short-termism and self-interest of some of the AU's partners; and the need for UN Security Council permanent members to value and ensure a shared AU-UN strategic vision. The report also includes policy recommendations for resolving these challenges." --Publisher's description.
The United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia (UNTAC) : debriefing and lessons
"In 2005, the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA) ended one of Africa's most devastating civil wars and set the stage for the partition of Sudan, Africa's largest country. One of the most important peace agreements in African history, it has had decisive consequences for the entire Horn of Africa. Yet to date there has been little rigorous analysis as to why the parties signed the CPA, what strategies they adopted having signed the agreement, and the political consequences of state partition actually are. In The Fate of Sudan, John Young argues forcefully that the birth of the independent state of Southern Sudan and the threat of further dismemberment of a rump northern Sudan are due to the failure of the approaches and ideologies of the main Sudanese parties, as well as a deeply flawed US-backed peace process that excludes civil society and other rebel groups. Written by someone directly involved in the Sudanese election and referendum processes, and featuring a wealth of first-hand evidence, this is a crucial examination of a topic of intense political and media interest."--
The trouble with the Congo : local violence and the failure of international peacebuilding
Accountability of peace support operations
Honoring human rights
The United Nations and civil wars
The EU's search for a strategic role : ESDP and its implications for transatlantic relations
The United Nations in the post-cold war era
The fate of Sudan : the origins and consequences of a flawed peace process
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1999, 5 : What next for the UN? : the challenges of global disorder
Economic planning for the peace
Conflict and defense : a general theory
Soldiers for peace : fifty years of United Nations peacekeeping
Summary.
Conflict transformation and peacebuilding : moving from violence to sustainable peace
Sierra Leone : diamonds and the struggle for democracy
Humanitarian intervention : ideas in action
Beyond the emergency : development within UN peace missions
The UN, peace, and force
European approaches to humanitarian intervention : from just war to assistance - and back again?
The theory & practice of peacekeeping
Building peace in the Middle East : challenges for states and civil society
The revival of chapter VIII of the UN charter : regional organisations and collective security
The Arab League and peacekeeping in the Lebanon
Blue helmets in action : a decade of distinguished Chinese police service in UN peacekeeping missions
Kings of peace, pawns of war : the untold story of peace-making
Clinton, peacekeeping, and humanitarian interventionism : rise and fall of a policy
Legal order in a violent world
Peace and reconciliation : an imaginative approach to the European programme for Northern Ireland and the Border Counties of Ireland
Peacebuilding and ex-combatants : political reintegration in Liberia
The United States and the rule of law in international affairs
World order for a new millennium : political, cultural and spiritual approaches to building peace
The politics of security sector reform : challenges and opportunities for the European Union's global role
50 years, 1948-1998 : UN peacekeeping
Finland in peace-keeping activities : 40 years 1956-1996
The Palestinians : current issues and historical background
Peacekeeping : the way ahead? : report of a special conference
Conflict resolution : new approaches and methods
United Nations forces in the law of peace and war
Aid for peace : a guide to planning and evaluation for conflict zones
Readings in European security : working papers of the CEPS-IISS European Security Forum nos. 1-9. Vol. 1
Globalization and violence. Vol. 3, Globalizing war and intervention
United Nations peace-keeping operations : a military and political appraisal
Fact-finding in the maintenance of international peace
Mission with UNIFIL : an African soldier's reflections
Satellites for arms control and crisis monitoring
Conflict prevention and conflict management in Northeast Asia
Strengthening the world order: universalism v. regionalism : risks and opportunities of regionalization : symposium held on the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the Institute of International Law Kiel, May 17 to 20, 1989
Political discourse and conflict resolution : debating peace in Northern Ireland
A peace of Timbuktu : democratic governance, development and African peacemaking
Summary (s. xv-xxxvvv).
When the state falls : studies on intervention in the Sierra Leone civil war
The crucible of peace : common security in Europe
CMC Finland peacebuilding and civilian crisis management studies
UNIFIL : international peacekeeping in Lebanon, 1978-1988
Supporting African peace operations
The new UN peacekeeping : building peace in lands of conflict after the cold war
Report of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, Vienna, 19-30 July 1999.
Protection of cultural property in the event of armed conflict - a challenge in peace support operations
The United Nations emergency force 1956-1967
Peacekeeping - peacebuilding : preparing for the  future
EU conflict management
International security and gender
Explores the evolution of peace in practice and in theory, exploring our modern assumptions about peace and the various different interpretations of its applications.
The United Nations and East Timor : self-determination through popular consultation
Subregional Conference on Democratic Institutions and Peace in Central Africa : Bata, Equatorial Guinea, 18-21 May 1998 : conference report, 1998 = Conférence sous-régionale sur les institutions democratiques et la paix en Afrique centrale : Bata (Guinée équatoriale) 18-21 mai 1998 : rapport de la conférence, 1998.
Peace and conflict in Africa
Asia-Pacific security : policy challenges
The ethics and politics of humanitarian intervention
Creativity and conflict resolution : alternative pathways to peace
The handbook of international humanitarian law
Declarations on principles : a quest for universal peace
Chechnya : the international community and strategies for peace and stability
Challenges for the new peacekeepers
Peacemaking in the Middle Ages : principles and practice
Europe's new security vocation
The United Nations operation in the Congo 1960-1964
The complementary role of the United Nations General Assembly in peace management
Violence in the midst of peace negotiations : cases from Guatemala, Northern Ireland, South Africa and Sri Lanka
EU-UN cooperation in peacebuilding : partners in practice?
Violation of human rights and immunities of the international organizations : a special focus on UN peacekeeping missions
Beyond ”gender and stir” : reflections on gender and SSR in the aftermath of African conflict
From promise to practice : strengthening UN capacities for the prevention of violent conflict
The strategy of world order. 1, Toward a theory of war prevention
United Nations Asian Meeting on the question of Palestine, Hanoi, 1 to 3 March 2000
Peace-keeping by the United Nations
Peace support operations and the U.S. military
World encyclopedia of peace. Vol. 2, [Articles N-Z]
