http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5075 applied sciences
applied sciences
Learning, keeping and using language : selected papers from the 8th World Congress of Applied Linguistics, Sydney, 16-21 August 1987. Vol. 2
Theoretical linguistic models in applied linguistics : 3rd AIMAV seminar in collaboration with AILA, CILA and the Council of Europe (Neuchâtel, 5th-6th May 1972)
Esipuhe = Förord = Preface
Contemporary applied linguistics. Vol. 2, Language for the real world
Handbook of learned societies in Japan : natural and applied sciences
Impact of Tekes' grants for applied technical research
Ethics and values in applied social research
Linguistics and reading
Language and super-diversity : explorations and interrogations : June 5-7, 2013, Jyväskylä, Finland : [abstracts]
Proceedings of the third Mali Symposium on Applied Sciences = Actes du troisième Symposium Malien sur les Sciences Appliquées : MSAS-2004
Concise encyclopedia of applied linguistics
Aila 81. Proceedings 1, Sections and workshops : abstracts of section papers and workshop summaries
Knowing matters : how students address lack of knowledge in bilingual classroom interaction
Bridging the digital divide in developing countries : The role of mobile technology in bridging the digital divide
MSAS'2002 : actes du deuxième Symposium Malien sur les Sciences Appliquées = proceedings of the second Mali Symposium on Applied Sciences : Université de Bamako, Mali July/Juillet, 8-12, 2002
Contrastive and applied linguistics : contrastive studies : research papers = Sastatāmā un lietiš,ka valodniecība : kontrastīvie pētījumi : zinātniskie raksti. 8
Report on economic zoology for year ending April 1st, 1907
Report on economic zoology for year ending April 1st, 1908
Issues in applied linguistics
International journal of scientific research
Design science research in information systems : advances in theory and practice : 7th international conference, DESRIST 2012, Las Vegas, NV, USA, May 14-15, 2012. Proceedings / Editors: Ken Peffers, Marcus Rothenberger, Bill Kuechler
Applied thematic analysis
Beliefs about SLA : new research approaches
Doing research in applied linguistics : realities, dilemmas, and solutions
Contemporary Applied Linguistics, Volume 2 presents a comprehensive survey of the ways in which linguistics is being used by researchers in a wide-range of interdisciplinary areas. Written by internationally renowned linguists, the volume provides a snapshot of the field of applied linguistics.
Mathematical techniques : an introduction for the engineering, physical and mathematical sciences
An introduction to mathematical statistics and its applications
The elements of stochastic processes : with applications to the natural sciences
Diversity in mathematics education : towards inclusive practices
This book adheres to the vision that in the future compelling user experiences will be key differentiating benefits of products and services. Evaluating the user experience plays a central role, not only during the design process, but also during regular usage: for instance a video recorder that recommends TV programs that fit your current mood, a product that measures your current level of relaxation and produces advice on how to balance your life, or a module that alerts a factory operator when he is getting drowsy. Such systems are required to assess and interpret user experiences (almost).
Integrationist notes and papers 2006-2008
Applications of linguistics : selected papers of the second international congress of applied linguistics, Cambridge 1969
Spirit of enterprise : the 1993 Rolex awards
Towards an u nderstanding of language learner self-concept
Adventures in Aidland : the anthropology of professional international development
Coming to terms with reality
Esipuhe = Preface
Explorations in applied linguistics. 2
The research manual : design and statistics for applied linguistics
The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication constitutes a comprehensive introduction to the multidisciplinary field of intercultural communication, drawing on the expertise of leading scholars from diverse backgrounds. The Handbook is structured in five sections and covers historical perspectives, core issues and topics, and new debates in the field, with a particular focus on the language dimension. Among the key themes addressed are: the foundation of intercultural communication; core themes and issues; putting intercultural communication theory into practice; new debates and future directions. The Handbook includes an introduction and overview by the editor, which provides readers with an indication of the focus of each section and chapter. The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication is the ideal resource for advanced undergraduates and postgraduate students of applied linguistics, TESOL/TEFL and communication studies.
Text, discourse and process : toward a multidisciplinary science of texts
Seventeen equations : that changed the world
Vocabulary and applied linguistics
Guide to reference books
Directions in applied linguistics
Essays on the English language and applied linguistics on the occasion of Gerhard Nickel's 60th birthday
Vocabulary : applied linguistic perspectives
Linguistics and the professions : proceedings of the Second Annual Delaware Symposium on Language Studies
Research design and statistics for applied linguistics
Machine translation and applied linguistics
Learning, keeping and using language : selected papers from the 8th World Congress of Applied Linguistics, Sydney, 16-21 August 1987. Vol. 1
The encyclopedia of applied linguistics
Applied research design : a practical guide
Applied ethnomusicology : historical and contemporary approaches
Applied linguistics
Rationality and the literate mind
Aila 96 : applied linguistics across disciplines : list of participants and exhibitions
Scientific Research and Social Needs
AFinLA:n syyssymposium 2012 : osallistumisen multimodaaliset diskurssit = AFinLA Autumn Symposium : multimodal discourses of participation, Oulu 9.-10.11.2012
Researching and applying metaphor
Seventeen equations that changed the world
Applied theories in occupational therapy : a practical approach
The science of linguistics in the art of translation : some tools from linguistics for the analysis and practice of translation
Guide to reference material. Vol. 1, Science & technology
Scientific and technical societies in Japan 1962.
Special issue of IRAL on the occasion of Bertil Malmbergs 60th birthday
What are the obstacles and problems in carrying out research? How do you overcome issues of validity, reliability and ethicality? Doing Research in Applied Linguistics: Realities, dilemmas and solutions addresses these issues and shows the reader how to undertake research whilst dealing with the challenges of this research involving real people in real settings. Each chapter features an experienced researcher focusing on a problem in a research project, and outlines the steps involved in solving the problem and completing a successful, and publishable, project.
Corpus-based research in applied linguistics : studies in honor of Doug Biber
Anthropological interest in new subjects of research and contemporary knowledge practices has turned ethnographic attention to a wide ranging variety of professional fields. Among these the encounter with international development has perhaps been longer and more intimate than any of the others. Anthropologists have drawn critical attention to the interfaces and social effects of development's discursive regimes but, oddly enough, have paid scant attention to knowledge producers themselves, despite anthropologists being among them, which is the focus of this volume. It concerns the construction and transmission of knowledge about global poverty and its reduction but is equally interested in the social life of development professionals, in the capacity of ideas to mediate relationships, in networks of experts and communities of aid workers, and in the dilemmas of maintaining professional identities. Going well beyond obsolete debates about 'pure' and 'applied' anthropology, the book examines the transformations that occur as social scientific concepts and practices cross and re-cross the boundary between anthropological and policy making knowledge.
Introducing applied linguistics : an A - Z guide
Grammatical framework : programming with multilingual grammar
Statistics : a very short introduction
Puzzles, problems and enigmas : occasional pieces on the human aspects of science
Designing qualitative research
Problems in learning Tamil
Working papers in English and applied linguistics
Contrastive and applied linguistics : contrastive studies : research papers = Sastatāmā un lietiš,kā valodniecība : kontrastīvie pētījumi : zinātniskie raksti. 10
List of universities and colleges in Japan : natural and applied sciences
On two-sided controls of a linear diffusion
Center and periphery in representations and institutions : proceedings from the ISI conference in Imatra, July 16-21, 1990
Papers in language learning and language acquisition : from the 2nd Nordic Conference on Applied Linguistics, Hanasaari, Espoo, Finland, November 23-25, 1979 : AFinLA yearbook 1980
Objective prescriptions : and other essays
Probing experience : from assessment of user emotions and behaviour to development of products
Explorations in applied linguistics
An introduction to discourse analysis
The Routledge handbook of language and intercultural communication
Applying ecology
A companion to applied ethics
Fish glucose transporters : molecular cloning and functional characterization
Pragmatics in practice
Actinomycetes in biotechnology
Topics in applied linguistics
This volume formalizes, organizes and analyzes the relation of knowledge about language to decision-making in practice. It synthesizes research in psycholinguistics, educational linguistics and sociolinguistics, freely crossing subject fields to establish innovative and expert responses to some of the key debates in the field. Authored and compiled by leaders in their various specialties and collated and extensively re-edited from the award-winning "Encyclopedia of Language and Linguistics, 2nd Edition", this collection will be an ideal one-stop desk reference solution for any linguistics professional and researcher interested in how language operates at the leading edge. It offers an authoritative review of this dynamic field placed in an interdisciplinary context. It includes over 100 articles by leaders in the field. It is presented in compact and affordable single-volume format.
The uses of linguistics
