http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5076 Modern Age
Modern Age
Methuen's history of medieval and modern Europe. 6, A history of Europe from 1610 to 1715
The new Cambridge modern history. Vol. 7, The old regime, 1713-1763
The Oxford handbook of early modern European history. Volume I, Peoples and place
The Vasa dynasty and the Baltic region : politics, religion and culture 1560-1660 : a symposium at Kalmar Castle, February 4-6 2000
Protection, continuity and gender : craft trade culture in the Baltic Sea region (14th-16th centuries)
The collected papers of Bertrand Russell. Vol. 12, Contemplation and action, 1902-14
Life and society in the West : the modern centuries
The history of ideas : a bibliographical introduction. Volume 2, Medieval and early modern Europe
Freedom and organization 1814-1914
The Routledge companion to early modern Europe, 1453-1763
An introduction to the history of educational theories
The metaphysical system of Hobbes
Born in Ferrara, Lilio Gregorio Giraldi (1479-1552) received an excellent classical education at the worldfamous humanist schools of his native city. On his various travels in search of a patron, he visited Naples, frequenting the Academy there; Mirandola, where he entered the service of Gianfrancesco Pico; Milan, where he studied Greek under Demetrius Chalcondyles; and Rome, where he enjoyed the munificence of Pope Leo X. Following the sack of Rome in 1527, Giraldi eventually made his way back to Ferrara, where he spent the last years of his life. Giraldi was the author of many works on literary history, mythology, and antiquities. Among the most famous are his dialogues, translated into English for the first time. Modeled on Cicero's Brutus, the work discusses hundreds of contemporary neo-Latin and vernacular poets, giving a panoramic view of European poetry in the late fifteenth and early sixteenth century from Great Britain to Greece, but concentrating above all on Italy.
Over the past three decades scholars have transformed the study of women and gender in early modern Europe. This Ashgate Research Companion presents an authoritative review of the current research on women and gender in early modern Europe from a multi-disciplinary perspective. The authors examine women's lives, ideologies of gender, and the differences between ideology and reality through the recent research across many disciplines, including history, literary studies, art history, musicology, history of science and medicine, and religious studies. The book is intended as a resource for scholars and students of Europe in the early modern period, for those who are just beginning to explore these issues and this time-period, as well as for scholars learning about aspects of the field in which they are not yet an expert. The companion not only offers a comprehensive examination of the current research on women in early modern Europe, but will act as a spark for new research in the field.
The history of ideas : a bibliographical introduction. 2, Medieval and early modern Europe
Renaissance Latin drama in England. 4, Christopher Wren, Sr. Physiponomachia (acted 1609-1611), Philip Parsons Atalanta (acted 1612), Thomas Atkinson Homo (acted 1615-1621)
Humanist tragedies
Methuen's history of medieval and modern Europe. 5, A history of Europe from 1494 to 1610
Latin for even more occasions = Lingua latina multo pluribus occasionibus
Biondo Flavio's Italia Illustrata. Vol. 1, Northern Italy
Skepticism in the modern age : building on the work of Richard Popkin
The congress of Vienna : a study in allied unity: 1812-1822
British painting
A summarie of the chronicles of England, diligently collected, abridged, and continued unto this present yeare of Christ, 1604
The journal of medieval and early modern studies
The Ashgate research companion to women and gender in early modern Europe
A history of Europe and the modern world 1492-1914
The birth of a new physics
The collected papers of Bertrand Russell. Vol. 13, Prophecy and dissent, 1914-16
Architecture and the crisis of modern science
Dionysian aesthetics : the role of destruction in creation as reflected in the life and works of Friedrich Nietzsche
Olympics : past & present
Cowboys, Indians and commuters : the Penguin book of new American voices
John Locke : a biography
Methuen's history of medieval and modern Europe. 7, A history of Europe : from 1715 to 1814
Genealogy of the pagan gods. 1, Books I-V
The proceedings of the twentieth world congress of philosophy : A twelve volume series. Vol. 7, Modern Philosophy
Early modern Europe, 1450-1789
Classical rhetoric and its Christian and secular tradition from ancient to modern times
Early modern philosophy reconsidered : essays in honor of Paul Hoffman
Renaissance Latin drama in England. 2, William Geger Meleager (printed 1592), Ulysses Redux (printed 1592, Panniculus Hippolyto Assutus (printed 1591)
The new Cambridge modern history. Volume 1, The Renaissance 1493-1520
A history of atheism in Britain : from Hobbes to Russell
A history of the modern Middle East
Towards a theory of aspectual nesting for new testament Greek
Warfare & diplomacy in pre-colonial West Africa
France : medieval and modern : a history
Methuen's history of medieval and modern Europe. Vol. 7, A history of Europe : from 1715 to 1814
Wittgenstein's definition of meaning as use
A history of Romania
Italia Illustrata is an essential resource for any serious scholar of Renaissance humanism. Historians of medieval Italy, and of art and architecture, classicists, archaeologists, and epigraphers will value this work for its treasure of evidence: for example, Biondo's eye-witness reports on the status of the building projects of the Malatesta; the Renaissance reception of Livy, Pliny, and Virgil (and the transmission of forged or misinterpreted inscriptions); and correlations of ancient sites with fifteenth-century settlements. This book will appeal to interests ranging from the current popular appetite for travel in Italy, to the growing scholarly attention to early modern geographical and travel literature; in short, to any reader with more than superficial interest in the urban centers and landscapes of Italy.
The age of the enlightened despot 1660-1789
Contributed articles presented at the 19th Session of the U.P. History Congress organized under the aegis of the Dept. of Medieval and Modern Indian History, University of Allahabad on Oct. 18-19, 2008.
[The collected papers of Bertrand Russell]. Vol. 4, Foundation of logic 1903-05
Spinoza Opera. 1, Korte verhandeling van God. De mensch en des zelfs welstand. renati Des Cartes Principiorum philosophiae, pars I & II. Cogita metaphysica. Compendium grammaticus linguae Hebraeae
Renaissance Latin drama in England. 1, William Gager Oedibus (acted 1577-1592), Dido (acted 1583)
Renaissance Latin drama in England. 3, John Blencowe Mercurius sive literarum Lucta (acted 1629-1638?), George Wilde Eumorphus sive Cupido Adultus (acted 1634/5)
Kant and the dynamics of reason : essays on the structure of Kant's philosophy
The British Commonwealth and Empire
An encyclopedia of world history : ancient, medieval, and modern, chronologically arranged
The proud tower : a portrait of the world before the war 1890-1914
Early American Latin verse 1625-1825 : an anthology
Perspectives on Western art. Vol. 2, Source documents and readings from the Renaissance to the 1970s
Perspectives of new music. Vol. 30 : "is, with respects to"
Conversations in Indian history
The golden century : Europe 1598-1715
Finland in the sixteenth century
An introduction to early modern European history, 1450-1610
Methuen's history of medieval and modern Europe. 6, A history of Europe : from 1610 to 1715
Humanist Tragedies, like its companion volume Humanist Comedies (ITRL 19), contains a representative sampling of Latin drama written during the Tre- and Quattrocento. The five tragedies included in this volume - Albertino Mussato's Ecerinis (1314), Antonio Loschi's Achilleis (ca. 1387), Gregorio Corraro's Progne (ca. 1429), Leonardo Dati's Hyempsal (ca. 1442), and Marcellino Verardi's Fernandus servatus (1493) - were nourished by a potent amalgam of classical, medieval, and pre-humanist sources. Just as Latin humanist comedy depended heavily upon Plautus and Terence, humanist tragedy drew its inspiration primarily from the nine plays of Seneca. Dramatists also used ancient legends or contemporary history as source material, dramatizing them as Seneca might have done. Some even attempted to outdo Seneca, exaggerating the bloody sensationalism, the bombastic rhetoric, and the insistence on retributive justice for which he was famous. Unlike comedy, which drew its narratives from ordinary life and from love, sex, money, and manners, tragedy was not concerned with human foibles but with distant tragic heroes. The impossible choices faced by larger-than-life men and women whose heroic destinies hung in the balance gave tragedy a considerably shorter shelf-life than comedies. While comedy stayed relevant, tragedy became problematic, evolving into the hybrid genre of tragicomedy by the end of the Quattrocento. Humanist tragedy testifies to the momentous changes in literary and cultural conventions that occurred during the Renaissance.
Early modern Europe, 1500-1789
The Armenian way to modernity : Armenian identy between tradition and innovation, specificity and universality : an inquiry into the impact of the modern world on Armenian society from the Renaissance through Enlightenment up to the genocidal catastrophe of 1915
A new history of philosophy. Vol. 2, Modern
The mutual effects of the Islamic and Judeo-Christian worlds : the East European pattern
Ancient art in Scandinavia
The new Cambridge modern history. Vol. 9, War and Peace in an Age of Upheaval, 1793-1830
Great tales from English history : a treasure of true stories : the extraordinary people who made Britain great
Branching off : the early moderns in quest for the unity of knowledge
Methuen's history of medieval and modern Europe. 8, A history of Europe from 1815 to 1939
Bartolomeo Fonzio (1447-1513) was a leading literary figure in Florence during the time of Lorenzo de' Medici and Machiavelli. A professor of poetry and rhetoric at the University of Florence, he included among his friends and colleagues leading figures such as Marsilio Ficino, Angelo Poliziano, John Argyropoulos, Cristoforo Landino, and Pietro Soderini. He was one of the principal collaborators in creating the famous humanist library of King Mattyas Corvinus of Hungary. As a scholar and teacher, he devoted himself to the study of classical authors, particularly Valerius Flaccus, Livy, Persius and Juvenal; his studies of Juvenal led to bitter polemics with Poliziano.
The collected papers of Bertrand Russell. Vol. 14, Pacifism and revolution, 1916-18
Metaphysics and the philosophy of science : The classical origins: Descartes to Kant
Methuen's history of medieval and modern Europe. 5, A history of Europe : from 1494 to 1610
De summa rerum : metaphysical papers, 1675-1676
Festivus applausus in Caroli XII in Pomeraniam suam adventum
Heidegger and Asian thought
Lectures on foreign history : 1494-1789
Classical survivals : the classics in the modern world
A concise history of the modern world : 1500 to the present
The history of pedagogy
Giovanni Boccaccio's Genealogy of the Pagan Gods is an ambitious work of humanistic scholarship whose goal is to plunder ancient and medieval literary sources so as to create a massive synthesis of Greek and Roman mythology. The work also contains a famous defense of the value of studying ancient pagan poetry in a Christian world. The complete work in fifteen books contains a meticulously organized genealogical tree identifying approximately 950 Greco-Roman mythological figures. The scope is enormous: 723 chapters include over a thousand citations from two hundred Greek, Roman, medieval, and Trecento authors. Throughout the Genealogy, Boccaccio deploys an array of allegorical, historical, and philological critiques of the ancient myths and their iconography. Much more than a mere compilation of pagan myths, the Genealogy incorporates hundreds of excerpts from and comments on ancient poetry, illustrative of the new spirit of philological and cultural inquiry emerging in the early Renaissance. It is at once the most ambitious work of literary scholarship of the early Renaissance and a demonstration to contemporaries of the moral and cultural value of studying ancient poetry. This is the first volume of a projected three-volume set of Boccaccio's complete Genealogy.
A history of the modern world: from 1917 to the 1980s
Sonic transports : new frontiers in our music
The collected papers of Bertrand Russell. Vol. 7, Theory of knowledge : the 1913 manuscript
Latin for all occasions = Lingua latina occasionibus omnibus
The making of the modern world : connected histories, divergent paths (1500 to the present)
The new Cambridge modern history. Vol. 10, The zenith of European power, 1830-70
The European world 1500-1800 : an introduction to early modern history
The new Cambridge modern history. Volume 3, The counter-reformation and price revolution 1559-1610
Methuen's history of medieval and modern Europe. Vol. 5, A history of Europe : from 1494 to 1610
