http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5088 crime fiction
crime fiction
Thankless in death
Lost in translation? : Translating allusions in two of Reginald Hill's Dalziel & Pascoe novels
Clutch of constables
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
High heat : a Jack Reacher novella
The crush
So much pretty
Ladykillers : crime stories by women
The dead place : a Cooper & Fry mystery
The spectacular finale to the New York Times bestselling trilogy that began with Mr. Mercedes (winner of the Edgar Award) and Finders Keepers--In End of Watch, the diabolical "Mercedes Killer" drives his enemies to suicide, and if Bill Hodges and Holly Gibney don't figure out a way to stop him, they'll be victims themselves. In Room 217 of the Lakes Region Traumatic Brain Injury Clinic, something has awakened. Something evil. Brady Hartsfield, perpetrator of the Mercedes Massacre, where eight people were killed and many more were badly injured, has been in the clinic for five years, in a vegetative state. According to his doctors, anything approaching a complete recovery is unlikely. But behind the drool and stare, Brady is awake, and in possession of deadly new powers that allow him to wreak unimaginable havoc without ever leaving his hospital room. Retired police detective Bill Hodges, the unlikely hero of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers, now runs an investigation agency with his partner, Holly Gibney--the woman who delivered the blow to Hartsfield's head that put him on the brain injury ward. When Bill and Holly are called to a suicide scene with ties to the Mercedes Massacre, they find themselves pulled into their most dangerous case yet, one that will put their lives at risk, as well as those of Bill's heroic young friend Jerome Robinson and his teenage sister, Barbara. Brady Hartsfield is back, and planning revenge not just on Hodges and his friends, but on an entire city.  In End of Watch, Stephen King brings the Hodges trilogy to a sublimely terrifying conclusion, combining the detective fiction of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers with the heart-pounding, supernatural suspense that has been his bestselling trademark. The result is an unnerving look at human vulnerability and chilling suspense. No one does it better than King.
The scam : a Fox and O'Hare novel
If I should die
The hanging in the hotel : a fethering mystery
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
Ghostman
Murder off the rack : critical studies of ten paperback masters
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec and his team of investigators are called in to the scene of a suspicious death in a rural village south of Montreal. Jane Neal, a local fixture in the tiny hamlet of Three Pines, just north of the U.S. border, has been found dead in the woods. The locals are certain it's a tragic hunting accident and nothing more, but Gamache smells something foul in these remote woods, and is soon certain that Jane Neal died at the hands of someone much more sinister than a careless bowhunter.--From publisher description.
Cold light
A most wanted man
Raymond Chandler speaking
Thin air : [a Shetland novel]
Under the final moon
Donovan creed two up 3-4
The Racketeer
Murder by art
Playing for the ashes
The grand tour
Icebreaker
The boy in the suitcase
Scarred
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
Robert B. Parker's cheap shot
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
My dark places : an L. A. crime memoir
Pros and cons : a short story
A place of hiding
Detective Inspector Huss
Nights of awe
Tora Hamilton is an outsider at her new home on the rocky, wind-swept Shetland Islands, a hundred miles from the northeastern tip of Scotland. Though her husband grew up here, it's the first time he's been back in twenty years. Digging in the peat on their new property, Tora unearths a human body, at first glance a centuries-old bog body, interesting but not uncommon. But realizing that the body is in fact much newer, that the woman's heart has been cut out and that she was killed within a few days of bearing a child, Tora, herself an obstetrician, becomes obsessed with finding out what happened to her--even when the police, her colleagues and eventually her husband warn her against getting involved.
Motor mouth
The last time I saw her : a novel
The secret history
Donovan creed two up 7-8
While working for the Greenbury Police Department in upstate New York, Peter Decker must draw from his years of experience as a homicide cop when a break-in at the local cemetery leads him into a world of art forgery and murder that is linked to cold case crimes, international intrigue and ruthless people who kill for sport.
After I'm gone : a novel
Blood at the bookies : a Fethering mystery
Crime fiction
Kill the messenger
The courtship gift
The Master of the Delta
Donovan creed two up 1-2
Private : No. 1 suspect
The Heist
The ice queen : a novel
The Hilliker curse : my pursuit of women
Out of sight
The Count of Monte Cristo
I am your judge : a novel
Friday the rabbi slept late
Murder one : a writer's guide to homicide
Agatha Raisin and the Love from Hell
Officially dead
The diabolical Miss Hyde
Tuesday the rabbi saw red
Natchez burning
The Cézanne Chase
Behind the mystery : top mystery writers
The drop
Library of the dead
Morning Frost : a DS Jack Frost investigation
Food to die for : secrets from Kay Scarpetta's kitchen
The Maid's Version
Dying to sin : Cooper & Fry mystery
Little black lies
In the shocking sequel to runaway international bestseller"Syndrome E," ""Lucie Henebelle and Inspector Sharko reunite to investigate the brutal murder of Eva Louts, a promising graduate student who was killed while working at a primate research center outside Paris. But what first appears to be a vicious animal attack soon proves to be something more sinister. What was Eva secretly researching? Could she have been on the track of a crazed trio of scientists attempting to unleash a thirty-thousand-year-old virus into the world? With his unmatched ability to inject cutting-edge science into his novels, Thilliez draws on genetics, paleontology, and the dark side of human nature to create this smart, adrenaline-fueled thriller."Bred to Kill"moves from the rain-slicked streets of Paris to the heart of the Alps to the remoteAmazon jungle as Lucie and Sharko work to solve the murder before whoever killed Eva comes for them."
Bred to kill
The complete Sherlock Holmes
Gentlemen and players
Bloody murder : from the detective story to the crime novel: a history
From whodunnit to whydunnit : the transformation of the traditional detective story into a modern crime novel
Shadow pavilion : a detective inspector Chen novel
Oxford proof
The literature of crime and detection : an illustrated history from antiquity to the present
The Fifth Woman
Jane and the twelve days of Christmas
Too close to the edge
Top secret twenty-one
Festive in death
The eighth day
Bone field
A curious beginning
The dinosaur feather
The Murders in the Rue Morgue
The kill call
Brit noir : the pocket essential guide to british crime fiction, film & TV of the British Isles
Wednesday the rabbi got wet
Moriarty
John Creasey's crime collection 1987 : an anthology by members of the Crime Writers' Association
After her : a novel
The jewel that was ours
Missing Joseph
The Penguin classic crime omnibus
The Castlemaine murders
Dream Girl
The informant
In the shadow of the mountain
The girl with the dragon tattoo and philosophy : everything is fire
The stabbing in the stables : A fethering mystery
Cast a cold eye ; Death of a good woman ; Requiem for a dove
Bad wolf : [a novel]
Good reading guide to murder, crime, fiction.
The sixth man
The hound of the Baskervilles
The torso
After the body of a well-dressed man is discovered in several places, Detective Sergeant Diane Fry and Detective Constable Ben Cooper are plunged into a violent world involving hunters, hounds, horses, thieves, saboteurs, and the meat trade, discovering clues linking the crime to events in the past.
Simenon in court
All that remains
Between the crosses
Monday the rabbi took off
Not the end of the world
Plotting and writing suspense fiction
Poisoned ground : a Hakim and Arnold mystery
Dorothy L. Sayers : her life and soul
A faint cold fear
Very British murder : the story of a national obsession
THE ADVENTURES OF SHERLOCK HOLMES
Behind God's back
Shutter island
Encyclopedia mysteriosa : a comprehensive guide to the art of detection in print, film, radio, and television
Shooting Star
The cinderella murder : an under suspicion novel
Country of the blind
The anatomy of murder : famous crimes critically considered by members of the Detection Club
On a hot June day the body of a sixteen-year-old girl washes up on a river bank outside of Frankfurt. She has been brutally murdered, but no one comes forward with any information as to her identity. Even weeks later, the local police have not been able to find out who she is. Then a new case comes in: A popular TV reporter is attacked, raped, and locked in the trunk of her own car. She survives, barely, and is able to supply certain hints to the police, having to do with her recent investigations into a child welfare organization and the potenial uncovering of a child pornography ring with members from the highest echelon of society. As the two cases collide, Inspectors Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein dig deep into the past and underneath the veneer of bourgeois society to come up against a terrible secret that is about to impact their personal lives as well. In Nele Neuhaus's second U.S. publication of her enormously popular series, tensions run high and a complex and unpredictable plot propels her characters forward at breakneck speed.
The burning soul
Almost night
Make mine a mystery : a reader's guide to mystery and detective fiction
The roar of the butterflies
The chosen
The guest room : a novel
A man lies dreaming
Iron khan : a detective inspector Chen novel
Agatha Christie : mistress of mystery
Mystery! : an illustrated history of crime and detective fiction : pictorial presentations
Whose body?
The vault
Always Emily
The hanging shed
Body of evidence
Deja who
Adam and Eve and pinch me
Thursday the rabbi walked out
Victim without a face
The curious case of the copper corpse
Dance with the dead
Gumshoes : a dictionary of fictional detectives
As a detective lieutenant with the LAPD, Peter Decker witnessed enough ugliness and chaos for a lifetime. Now, he and his devoted wife Rina Lazarus are ready to enjoy the quiet beauty of upstate New York, where they can be closer to their four adult children and their foster son. But working for the Greenbury Police department isn't as fulfilling as Decker hoped. While Rina has adapted beautifully to their new surroundings, Decker is underwhelmed and frustrated by his new partner, Tyler McAdams, a former Harvard student and young buck with a bad 'tude. Just when he thinks he's made a mistake, Decker is called to his first real crime here--a possible break-in at the local cemetery. At first, it seems like a false alarm until it's discovered that a mausoleum's stunning Tiffany panels have been replaced by forgeries. Then, a coed at one of the exclusive local colleges is brutally murdered. Poking into the hallowed halls of academia to find a killer, Decker and McAdams are drawn deep into a web of dark secrets, cold case crimes, international intrigue, and ruthless people who kill for sport. Suddenly, the job is anything but boring. This case just might be too much to handle and Decker will have to draw on every ounce of experience that he has garnered in the past thirty years as a Homicide cop. And then again, even that might not be enough!
Donovan creed two up 5-6
CSI : NY. Four Walls
The witness at the wedding
Old and Cold
Case one : knock down
The mammoth book of locked-room mysteries and impossible crimes
Raymond Chandler
The Brass Verdict
Devil in a Blue Dress
Night shift
To the nines
Monday: five-year-old Matthew Faraday is abducted. His face is splashed across newspaper front pages. His parents and the police are desperate. Can anyone help find their little boy before it is too late? Psychotherapist Frieda Klein just might know something.
The heist : a novel
The Swedish girl
In this tightly wound, enthralling story reminiscent of Agatha Christie's works, Lo Blacklock, a journalist who writes for a travel magazine, has just been given the assignment of a lifetime: a week on a luxury cruise with only a handful of cabins. The sky is clear, the waters calm, and the veneered, select guests jovial as the exclusive cruise ship, the Aurora, begins her voyage in the picturesque North Sea. At first, Lo's stay is nothing but pleasant: the cabins are plush, the dinner parties are sparkling, and the guests are elegant. But as the week wears on, frigid winds whip the deck, gray skies fall, and Lo witnesses what she can only describe as a dark and terrifying nightmare: a woman being thrown overboard. The problem? All passengers remain accounted for--and so, the ship sails on as if nothing has happened, despite Lo's desperate attempts to convey that something (or someone) has gone terribly, terribly wrong
Saturday the Rabbi went hungry
Snow White Must Die by Nele Neuhaus is a tremendous new contemporary mystery series and huge international bestseller--with more than 2.5 million copies in print!On a rainy November day police detectives Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein are summoned to a mysterious traffic accident: A woman has fallen from a pedestrian bridge onto a car driving underneath. According to a witness, the woman may have been pushed. The investigation leads Pia and Oliver to a small village, and the home of the victim, Rita Cramer.On a September evening eleven years earlier, two seventeen-year-old girls vanished from the village without a trace. In a trial based only on circumstantial evidence, twenty-year-old Tobias Sartorius, Rita Cramer's son, was sentenced to ten years in prison. Bodenstein and Kirchhoff discover that Tobias, after serving his sentence, has now returned to his home town. Did the attack on his mother have something to do with his return?In the village, Pia and Oliver encounter a wall of silence. When another young girl disappears, the events of the past seem to be repeating themselves in a disastrous manner. The investigation turns into a race against time, because for the villagers it is soon clear who the perpetrator is--and this time they are determined to take matters into their own hands.An atmospheric, character-driven and suspenseful mystery set in a small town that could be anywhere, dealing with issues of gossip, power, and keeping up appearances
The Abbey
The woman in cabin 10
The way through the woods
Killing me softly
Demon and the city : a detective inspector Chen novel
The rising
Master of the Moor
Dead man's chest
Bury your dead
Obsession in death
The water room
The theory of death
Demon house
The Corpse Bridge
The cruelest month
The monogram murders : the new Hercule Poirot mystery
Sunday the rabbi stayed home
Wake up and dream
The Innocent
The black-eyed blonde : a Philip Marlowe novel
The bungalow mystery
Book of the dead. Patricia Cornwell
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec is called to investigate the death of a villager at an Easter séance that was held at the Old Hadley House.
Driving heat
Theodore Boone
The skull beneath the skin
The lovers : [in death they were not divided]
Chandlertown : the Los Angeles of Philip Marlowe
THE SERGEANT'S CAT AND OTHER STORIES
The final cut
The whistler
The fifth witness
Aimperfect spy
The floating admiral
End of watch : a novel
Ghost song
Wild storm
The old contemptibles
TROUBLE IS MY BUSINESS AND OTHER STORIES
Murder and Mendelssohn
A twist of the knife
The dying breed
Come to grief
Tuesday's gone
Snow White must die
Jade sky : a Matt Rowley novel
