http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5086 detective literature
detective literature detective stories
Among the mad : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Murder on the Orient Express
The woman in white
Theory and practice of classic detective fiction
Read it and weep : a library lover's mystery
Captive witness
Homicide in hardcover
When the Briar Creek Community Theater mounts its newest Shakespeare production, "Midsummer Night's Dream," library director Lindsey Norris gets involved when one of the cast is poisoned.
The golden spiders : a Nero Wolfe mystery
Death of a cozy writer
The fifth gospel :a : a novel
Death of an Irish diva
The book club murders
Murder is binding : a Booktown mystery
One, two, buckle my shoe
No place to hide
The mysterious Mr Quin
The detective story in Britain
Nate the Great and the Halloween hunt
Brother Cadfael ́s penance
"Brooklyn Wainwright is a skilled surgeon. Sure, her patients might smell like mold and have spines made of leather, but no ailing book is going to die on her watch. The same can't be said of Abraham Karastovsky, Brooklyn's friend and former employer. On the eve of the celebration for his latest book restoration, Brooklyn finds her mentor lying a pool of his own blood. With his final breath, Abraham leaves Brooklyn a cryptic message, 'Remember the devil,' and smiles as she takes possession of his priceless, and supposedly cursed, copy of Goethe's Faust .... "--p. [4] of cover.
The portrayal of deafness in Elizabeth George's For the sake of Elena
Thrice the brinded cat hath mew'd
A Sherlock Holmes compendium
Hieroglyphs of horror
Raymond Chandler speaking
Spring is in the air, but the ladies of the Cumberland Creek Scrapbook Crop hardly have time to stop and smell the roses. Not when famed Irish dancer Emily McGlashen is found murdered in her studio just after the St. Patrick's Day parade - and one of the Crop's own members is the prime suspect. Vera's dance studio may have suffered when Emily waltzed into town, but the croppers know she's not a vengeful murderer. Lucky for her, co-scrapbooker Annie is a freelance reporter eager to vindicate her friend.
4:50 from Paddington
In this grave hour : Maisie Dobbs Series, Book 13
Playing for the ashes
The grand tour
Tears of the giraffe ; Alexander McCall Smith
After the funeral
Robert B. Parker's cheap shot
Endless night
Sherlock Holmes : the sign of the four
The wench is dead
Grave dance : an Alex Craft novel
Debts of dishonour
The adventures of Sherlock Holmes
Agatha Christie : a biography
When Carrie Rushton is accused of murdering her husband, library director Lindsey Norris and the Briar Creek crafternoon club launch their own investigation during a nor'easter that has left the police otherwise occupied.
The assassin's prayer
Bones under the beach hut : a Fethering mystery
Blood at the bookies : a Fethering mystery
Dead man's folly
... and always a detective : chapters on the history of detective fiction
Beyond Rue Morgue : further tales of Edgar Allan Poe's 1st detective
Saint Peter's Fair : the fourth chronicle of Brother Cadfael
Crime fiction
Agatha Christie's Hercule Poirot : the life and times of Hercule Poirot
A new lease of death
At Bertram's hotel
The anodyne necklace
A pinch of snuff : a Dalziel and Pascoe novel
Agatha Raisin : and the potted gardener & the walkers of Dembley
The murder book : an illustrated history of the detective story
Morality for beautiful girls
Death and the lit chick
Friday the rabbi slept late
Murder one : a writer's guide to homicide
Perhaps her darkest and most chilling novel, it features a remorseless serial killer who leaves no trace of his crimes. Once again breaking the rules and establishing new paths, Grafton wastes little time identifying this sociopath. The test is whether Kinsey can prove her case against him before she becomes his next victim.
An Interview with Cynthia Masters : from 'The Orchestra Murders'
Tuesday the rabbi saw red
Elephants can remember
The mixer
The Cézanne Chase
13 for luck! : a selection of mystery stories
Behind the mystery : top mystery writers
The mystery of briony lodge
The queen's man
Mistress of the art of death
Leaving everything most loved : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Why didn't they ask Evans?
The heretics : a John Shakespeare mystery
The complete Sherlock Holmes
When a salvage company's plans to dig up treasure that was buried on Pirate Island centuries earlier rouse local ire, library director Lindsey Norris investigates the murder of the local tourism director, who hired the company.
Murder at the mansion
Snobbery with violence : English crime stories and their audience
My life with Sherlock Holmes : conversations in Baker Street by John H. Watson, M. D.
Following the detectives : real locations in crime fiction
The literature of crime and detection : an illustrated history from antiquity to the present
The Oxford book of detective stories : an international selection
The confession of Brother Haluin
The valley of fear
Endless Night
All through the night
Blotto, Twinks and the rodents of the Riviera
Self-portrait : ceaselessly into the past
The eighth day
Wicked business : a Lizzy and Diesel novel
The further adventures of Sherlock Holmes : the Whitechapel horrors
His tranquility as the established vicar of a New Age village shattered by the murder of an unpopular woman, former MI5 agent Max Tudor struggles with past demons while trying to identify a killer in his peaceful community.
Wednesday the rabbi got wet
To brew or not to brew : a brewing trouble mystery
John Creasey's crime collection 1987 : an anthology by members of the Crime Writers' Association
The Penguin classic crime omnibus
The Man in the Brown Suit
The jewel that was ours
Over my dead body
Classic mysteries : a collection of mind-bending masterpieces
Black beech and honeydew : an autobiography
The Castlemaine murders
Partners in crime
A study in scarlet and The sign of the four
Conan Doyle
Miss Marple's final cases
A guilty thing surprised
The whodunit : an informal history of detective fiction
Agatha Raisin : the curious curate & the buried treasure
The stranger you know
The hound of the Baskervilles
"From a bucolic English town in the countryside with a quirky cast and a surprisingly lethal underbelly, the beloved amateur detective Flavia de Luce returns in a dazzling mystery from bestselling author Alan Bradley"--
The double comfort safari club
Six against the Yard
Agatha Raisin : and the quiche of death & the vicious vet
Willowgrove
A short history of Finnish crime writing
The dead in their vaulted arches : a Flavia de Luce novel
Monday the rabbi took off
Victorian masters of mystery : from Wilkie Collins to Conan Doyle
The Hound of the Baskervilles
As chimney sweepers come to dust : a Flavia de Luce novel
Nate the Great and the phony clue
Plotting and writing suspense fiction
The Christie curse
Silver scream : a bed-and-breakfast mystery
Dorothy L. Sayers : her life and soul
A study in scarlet
THE ADVENTURES OF SHERLOCK HOLMES
And then you die
Shimura trouble : a Rei Shimura mystery
Encyclopedia mysteriosa : a comprehensive guide to the art of detection in print, film, radio, and television
Death at the alma mater
The mysterious affair at Styles
Southwold mystery
A cold and lonely place : a novel
Crooked house
Thornhill
The final fabergé
The burning soul
The hollow
Wild justice
Winds of change : social, societal and moral change in Agatha Christie's Miss Marple novels
Calamity in Kent
Make mine a mystery : a reader's guide to mystery and detective fiction
Gun in cheek : a study of "alternative" crime fiction
Look into my eyes
Murder on the orient express
Precious and the mystery of Meerkat Hill : a new case from Precious Ramotswe
Friendship between Sherlock Holmes and John Watson
Miss Marple omnibus. Volume three
The lighter side of Sherlock Holmes : humorous artwork by Norman Schatell
The Sayers Swindle
X is for..
Mystery! : an illustrated history of crime and detective fiction : pictorial presentations
On borrowed time
Death on the Nile
Agatha Raisin : the wizard of Evesham & the murderous marriage
Whose body?
Better late than never
Scrapped
Every dead thing
Grave memory
The London of Sherlock Holmes
Speaking from among the bones : a Flavia de Luce novel
Detective fiction : a collection of critical essays
Nancy Clancy : super sleuth
The leper of Saint Giles : the fifth chronicle of Brother Cadfael
Thursday the rabbi walked out
A question of belief
Classic detective stories
W is for wasted
"In the latest Library Lover's Mystery from the New York Times bestselling author of A Likely Story, a decades-overdue book puts library director Lindsey Norris hot on the trail of a cold case. When the Briar Creek Public Library holds its first overdue book amnesty day no fines for late returns the volume of incoming materials is more than Lindsey and her staff can handle. In a bind, Lindsey drafts the crafternoon ladies to help check in and sort the stacks of books. But one tardy tome catches her attention a copy of J. D. Salinger's The Catcher in the Rye, twenty years past due. When Lindsey looks up the borrower, she's shocked to discover it was a murdered schoolteacher named Candice Whitley, whose killer was never found. Candice checked out the novel on the day she was murdered. Now Lindsey wonders if it could provide a clue to the decades-old cold case. No one noticed who brought the book back in, but could it be Candice's killer? Lindsey is determined to catch the culprit one way or another, because justice for Candice Whitley is long overdue.."--
When her brother, Jack, a world-traveling consultant for a coffee company, goes missing, Briar Creek library director Lindsey Norris gets mixed up in a strange case involving South American business dealings and an exotic woman.
On Conan Doyle : or, The whole art of storytelling
Gumshoes : a dictionary of fictional detectives
Nate the Great and the musical note
Kidnap in the Caribbean
Grave witch : an Alex Craft novel
Tangled up in a brew
The listening eye
Mystery fiction and modern life
Hound of the Baskervilles
Death by water
The railway viaduct
Lye in wait : a home crafting mystery
Sherlock Holmes : the man and his world
California schemin'
The dapper detective Hercule Poirot, for whom murder-solving is a precise, intellectual exercise, agrees to interview all aboard the famous train's Calais coach, hoping to find the killer of an American millionaire before the local police arrive.
Prince
Agatha Christie's true crime inspirations : stranger than fiction
The Listerdale mystery : and other stories
The development of the detective novel
The Pale Horse
Saturday the Rabbi went hungry
12 women detective stories
Journey to Munich
Books can be deceiving : a library lover's mystery
Dreamers who live their dreams : the world of Ross Macdonald's novels
Whodunnit? : detective stories
While my pretty one sleeps ; Loves music, loves to dance ; The Anastasia syndrome
Dead man's chest
How to write a mystery
The Sherlock Holmes scrapbook : fifty years of occasional articles, newspaper cuttings, letters, memoirs, anecdotes, pictures, photographs and drawings relating to the great detective
Destination unknown
Paper towns
Murder for pleasure : the life and times of the detective story
Ross Macdonald
The floating girl
Dead man's cove
Why Didn't They Ask Evans?
The mirror crack'd from side to side
The Dirk Gently omnibus
Wicked autumn : a Max Tudor novel
Evil under the sun
The monogram murders : the new Hercule Poirot mystery
Sunday the rabbi stayed home
Messenger of truth : a Maisie Dobbs novel
The mystery of the blue train
Great British fictional detectives
The sweetness at the bottom of the pie
Teller of tales : the life of Arthur Conan Doyle
Crime writers : reflections on crime fiction
Sherlock's pharmacy : drugs in detective stories, 1860s to 1890s
Wicked charms
Book, line, and sinker : a library lover's mystery
Locked room murders and other impossible crimes
Feel the fear
Blotto, Twinks and the dead dowager duchess
The Sittaford mystery
Murder of a small-town honey : a Scumble River mystery
The ladies of the Cumberland Scrapbook Crop are welcoming an eccentric newbie into their fold. A self-proclaimed witch, Cookie Crandall can whip up a sumptuous vegan meal and rhapsodize about runes and moon phases with equal aplomb. She becomes fast friends with her fellow scrapbookers, including freelance reporter Annie, with whom she shares shallow roots in a community of established family trees. So when Cookie becomes the prime suspect in a series of bizarre murders, the croppers get scrappy and set out to clear her name.
Chandlertown : the Los Angeles of Philip Marlowe
The hound of death and other stories
"Hailed as "a combination of Eloise and Sherlock Holmes" by The Boston Globe, Flavia de Luce returns in the much anticipated new mystery novel from award-winning and New York Times bestselling author Alan Bradley.  In spite of being ejected from Miss Bodycote's Female Academy in Canada, twelve-year-old Flavia de Luce is excited to be sailing home to England. But instead of a joyous homecoming, she is greeted on the docks with unfortunate news: Her father has fallen ill, and a hospital visit will have to wait while he rests. But with Flavia's blasted sisters and insufferable cousin underfoot, Buckshaw now seems both too empty--and not empty enough. Only too eager to run an errand for the vicar's wife, Flavia hops on her trusty bicycle, Gladys, to deliver a message to a reclusive wood-carver. Finding the front door ajar, Flavia enters and stumbles upon the poor man's body hanging upside down on the back of his bedroom door. The only living creature in the house is a feline that shows little interest in the disturbing scene. Curiosity may not kill this cat, but Flavia is energized at the prospect of a new investigation. It's amazing what the discovery of a corpse can do for one's spirits. But what awaits Flavia will shake her to the very core.  Acclaim for Alan Bradley's beloved Flavia de Luce novels, winners of the Crime Writers' Association Debut Dagger Award, Barry Award, Agatha Award, Macavity Award, Dilys Award, and Arthur Ellis Award    "If ever there were a sleuth who's bold, brilliant, and, yes, adorable, it's Flavia de Luce."--USA Today    "[Flavia] is as addictive as dark chocolate."--Daily Mail    "Flavia de Luce is still the world's greatest adolescent British chemist/busybody/sleuth."--The Seattle Times"--
The floating admiral
The official Sherlock Holmes trivia book
Back to Bologna
The body in the library
Ngaio Marsh : the woman and her work
The three monarchs
The man in the snow
Murder and Mendelssohn
The moonstone
The mystery of Agatha Christie
