http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5085 spy literature
spy literature
Crocodile tears
A bloody storm
NATIONENS INTRESSE : COQ ROUGE
On Her Majesty's secret service
A Foreign Country
Watchman
A Spy by Nature
Globalization and the state in contemporary crime fiction : a world of crime
The riddle of the sands : a record of Secret Service
Dead or alive
When British intelligence agent Magnus Pym disappears, two desperate searches are initiated--the hunt of agents, East and West, for the missing spy and Pym's own quest to uncover the mysteries of his own past.
The Istanbul variations
Where eagles dare
For your eyes only
Marathon man
The seamstress
Leaving Berlin : a novel
Robert Ludlum's The Bourne legacy
The Trinity six
The pigeon tunnel : stories from my life
Black bear
The tightrope men
James Bond : the man and his world : the official companion to Ian Fleming's creation
The Honourable Schoolboy
"One of China's bestselling novels, an unusual literary thriller that takes us deep into the world of code breaking In his gripping debut novel, Mai Jia reveals the mysterious world of Unit 701, a top-secret Chinese intelligence agency whose sole purpose is counterespionage and code breaking. Rong Jinzhen, an autistic math genius with a past shrouded in myth, is forced to abandon his academic pursuits when he is recruited into Unit 701. As China's greatest cryptographer, Rong discovers that the mastermind behind the maddeningly difficult Purple Code is his former teacher and best friend, who is now working for China's enemy--but this is only the first of many betrayals. Brilliantly combining the mystery and tension of a spy thriller with the psychological nuance of an intimate character study and the magical qualities of a Chinese fable, Decoded discovers in cryptography the key to the human heart. Both a riveting mystery and a metaphysical examination of the mind of an inspired genius, it is the first novel to be published in English by one of China's greatest and most popular contemporary writers"--
The ministry of fear
The faithful spy : a novel
Russian roulette : Alex Rider
The Tourist
Tremor of intent
Sidney Sheldon's Reckless : a Tracy Whitney novel
A divided spy
Espionage and exile : fascism and anti-fascism in British spy fiction and film
A foreign country
Liars & thieves
Command authority
The Salzburg connection
James Bond and philosophy : questions are forever
Charlotte Gray
Olivia Joules and the overactive imagination
Sweet tooth
Decoded
A colder war
James Bond
For Your Eyes Only : Five James Bond Stories
Tom Clancy under fire
The sympathizer
Quantum of tweed : the man with the Nissan Micra
Spy cat : summer shocker!
Icelight
The English girl
Espionage in British fiction and film since 1900 : the changing enemy
Snakehead : Alex Rider
The counterfeit agent
Dead lions
Espionage and Exile" demonstrates that from the 1930s through the Cold War British writers Eric Ambler, Helen MacInnes, John le Carre, Pamela Frankau and filmmaker Leslie Howard combine propaganda and popular entertainment to call for resistance to political oppression. Their spy fictions deploy themes of deception and betrayal to warn audiences of the consequences of Nazi Germany's conquests and later, the fusion of Fascist and Communist oppression. With politically charged suspense and compelling plots and characters, these writers challenge distinctions between villain and victim and exile and belonging by dramatising relationships between stateless refugees, British agents, and most dramatically, between the ethics of espionage and responses to international crisis.
The hit
The death of a French intelligence agent on an Air France flight to Amman, Jordan, is the trigger that launches Tommy Carmellini's latest adventure. Within the European Union, the national espionage agencies are fiercely competing for supremacy against each other--and the CIA. When the Americans discover that the director of the French agency has secret investments in the Bank of Palestine, alarm bells go off. To investigate, the Americans bring Jake Grafton back from retirement. And of course, the point man Grafton wants is Tommy Carmellini. Together they uncover an elaborate strategy to infiltrate the highest levels of Al Qaeda with a top-level plant--but who is playing whom? Grafton and Carmellini uncover a horrifying plan to shake the West as never before--and a catch-22: can they stop the conspiracy without compromising the intelligence source that could bring down Al Qaeda once and for all?--From publisher description.
How 007 got his name
The target
I'll say she does!
The night manager : a novel
Alistair MacLean's Time of the assassins
Derrick Storm is back - this time with a crack team of ghost CIA operatives. These former agents have all faked their own deaths and now work for the CIA on a strictly secret basis, taking on dangerous and illegal jobs the agency may not officially carry out. They're headed to the Molguzar Mountains to look for sixty billion dollars' worth of gold hidden by the KGB before the collapse of the Soviet Union, and taking a perilous detour to rescue FBI agent April Showers from a sociopathic torturer.
Scorpia rising : Alex Rider
The spy who came in from the cold
The James Bond omnibus. Volume 005
The eidolon
The looking glass war
The James Bond omnibus. Volume 003
Smiley's people
The assassin
A perfect spy
Destination unknown
Robert Ludlum's The Hades factor : a covert-one novel
Who's who in spy fiction
Games traitors play
Girl in a box
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne sanction
"A top-ranking Iranian military official is blown up while trying to defect to the West. An investigative journalist is arrested and imprisoned for writing an article critical of the Turkish government. An Iranian nuclear scientist is assassinated on the streets of Tehran. These three incidents, seemingly unrelated, have one crucial link. Each of the three had been recently recruited by Western intelligence, before being removed or killed.  Then Paul Wallinger, MI6's most senior agent in Turkey, dies in a puzzling plane crash. Fearing the worst, MI6 bypasses the usual protocol and brings disgraced agent Tom Kell in from the cold to investigate. Kell soon discovers what Wallinger had already begun to suspect--that there's a mole somewhere in the Western intelligence, a traitor who has been systematically sabotaging scores of joint intelligence operations in the Middle East. "--
James Bond : the secret history
The British spy novel : styles in treachery
In their footsteps & Thief of hearts
The fourth protocol
