http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5089 adventure literature
adventure literature
The clockwork three
Up, up and away!
The reptile room
The circus collection
The circus of adventure
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
The slippery slope
Five have a wonderful time
Fire ice
The lost army of Cambyses
Arrowhead
Clockwork angel
Banco : further adventures of Papillon
A discovery of witches
Gods and warriors
Dragon Tamers : reality goes virtual
The Mayan prophecy
Journey to the center of the earth
Memory boy
Skeleton coast
The rise of Solamnia. Volume one, Lord of the rose
The highwayman's footsteps
Five get into a fix
The Staff of Serapis : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
The Avengers vault
The sword in the grotto
The companions
The abyss
The burning shadow
Nightspell
Kaspar : prince of cats
The eye of heaven
The prisoner of Zenda
The necromancer
The mystery of the secret room
The adventures of Tom Sawyer
The bootlegger
A bloody storm
The girl of fire and thorns
The bookman histories
Mission Survival : Sands of the Scorpion
Siege and storm
Three cheers, Secret Seven
Empire of night
The Count of Monte Cristo
The key to creation
The once and future king
Forest of the pygmies
Five on a hike together
Luke Evans reads Treasure island
Five go to Smuggler's Top
Mistral's kiss : a novel
To have and have not
In a kingdom called the Dells, Fire is the last human-shaped monster, with unimaginable beauty and the ability to control the minds of those around her, but even with these gifts she cannot escape the strife that overcomes her world.
Magnus Chase and the sword of summer
Around the world in eighty days
Black horizon
The rise of the automated aristocrats
Graceling
The dream hunters
Five go off in a caravan
Five have plenty of fun
Tomb of doom
The Godborn
Cryptonomicon
Defiance. Book 1
The gold hunters of Alaska
Gentlemen of the road
Neverwhere
The magician's nephew
Treasure island
Russian flag over Hawaii : the mission of Jeffery Tolamy
Forest of ruin
The snow merchant
Great Bear Lake
The eye of the falcon
The grim grotto
A feast of dragons
In the fast lane
A thousand pieces of you
"Martha Wells expands her world of the Raksura with the start of a brand new Three Worlds series. An expedition of groundlings from the Empire of Kish have traveled through the Three Worlds to the Indigo Cloud court of the Raksura, shape-shifting creatures of flight that live in large family groups. The groundlings have found a sealed ancient city at the edge of the shallow seas, near the deeps of the impassable Ocean. They believe it to be the last home of their ancestors and ask for help getting inside. But the Raksura fear it was built by their own distant ancestors, the Forerunners, and the last sealed Forerunner city they encountered was a prison for an unstoppable evil. Prior to the groundlings' arrival, the Indigo Cloud court had been plagued by visions of a disaster that could destroy all the courts in the Reaches. Now, the court's mentors believe the ancient city is connected to the foretold danger. A small group of warriors, including consort Moon, an orphan new to the colony and the Raksura's idea of family, and sister queen Jade, agree to go with the groundling expedition to investigate. But the predatory Fell have found the city too, and in the race to keep the danger contained, the Raksura may be the ones who inadvertently release it. The Edge of Worlds, from celebrated fantasy author Martha Wells, returns to the fascinating world of The Cloud Roads for the first book in a new series of strange lands, uncanny beings, dead cities, and ancient danger"--
Russian roulette : Alex Rider
Series two is for readers who are growing in confidence.
Deception. Book 2
"Moll Pecksniff and her friends are living as outlaws in a secret cave by the sea, desperate to stay hidden from the Shadowmasks. But further along the coast lies the Amulet of Truth, the only thing powerful enough to force the Shadowmasks back and contain their dark magic. So, together with Gryff, the wildcat that's always by her side, and her best friends Alfie and Sid, Moll must sneak past smugglers, outwit mer creatures and crack secret codes to save the Old Magic."--Publisher description.
David and Goliath
Mr Gum and the dancing bear
Of noble family
Dixie O'Day and the great diamond robbery
The plague dogs
Muddle Earth
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer : retold from the Mark Twain original by Martin Woodside
Seduced by moonlight
Nation
Princess of thorns
Robinson Crusoe
Mr Gum and the Power Crystals
2001 a space odyssey
A kiss of shadows
Secret Seven mystery
Journey to the Centre of the Earth
Clockwork prince
Panda Mingming's Lapland Ice Crystal Valley adventure = Xiongmao Mingming Lapulan Binggu lixianji
The long Utopia
Twilight robbery
The shadow keeper
Retranslation and context : a case study of three (re)translations of Robinson Crusoe
The Sontaran games
Fred Markham in Russia, or, the boy travelers in the land of the czar
The edge of worlds
Thirteen moons : a novel
The map of lost memories : a novel
Life of Pi
The blood of Olympus
Good old Secret Seven
The girl who soared over Fairyland and cut the moon in two
The wonderful wizard of Oz. [1]
The valley of adventure
Fortunately, the milk
The Lost symbol : a novel
Five go off to camp
James Bond : his world of values
Sacred stone : [a novel from the Oregon files]
Children of Dune
The Golem's eye
The lost prince
Puzzle for the Secret Seven
The quest begins
The book of life
The mountain of adventure
The crown of embers
Fourth-grader Frankie Piccolini has a vivid imagination when it comes to cleaning his disastrously messy room, but eventually even he decides that it is just too dirty. Comic strip illustrations are interspersed throughout the text.
The Darkside War
The narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket
Star wars : the Jedi academy trilogy. Volume 1, Jedi search
Spirits in the stars
And another thing... : Douglas Adams's hitchiker's guide to the galaxy: part six of three
Polar shift : a novel from the NUMA files
Five and a half term adventure
The sorceress
Arthur and the invisibles
Derrick Storm is back - this time with a crack team of ghost CIA operatives. These former agents have all faked their own deaths and now work for the CIA on a strictly secret basis, taking on dangerous and illegal jobs the agency may not officially carry out. They're headed to the Molguzar Mountains to look for sixty billion dollars' worth of gold hidden by the KGB before the collapse of the Soviet Union, and taking a perilous detour to rescue FBI agent April Showers from a sociopathic torturer.
Kidnap in the Caribbean
Frankie Pickle and the closet of doom
The hobbit
Percy Jackson and the greek heroes : Percy Jackson's greek myths
Battle of the beasts
Lion heart
Swallowing darkness
Truckers : the first book of the nomes
A march of kings
The call of the wild
Tales of the sea
A quest of heroes
Boy soldier
Inferno
Iron man : the gauntlet
Ptolemy's gate
Fire in the sky
A caress of twilight
Shadow and bone
The last wilderness
Crashland : a Twinmaker novel
The lion, the witch and the wardrobe
The Melting Sea
Paper towns
The voyage of the Dawn Treader
Zahrah the windseeker
The jungle book
Wood angel
Shock for the Secret Seven
Dead man's cove
A lick of frost
Percy Jackson and the olympians. Books I-III, Collecting The Lightning Thief, The Sea of Monsters, and The Titans' Curse
The beach
The sisterhood of the Bene Gesserit plots to seize control of the galaxy-wide empire of their supernatural leader, while on Arrakis, the Maud'dib, the heir to an unimaginable power, confronts new challenges.
A stroke of midnight
On the planet of Arrakis, men, nature, and time attend the evolutionary growth of Leto and his twin sister Ghanima, children of the mighty Muad'Dib, as their aunt Alia plots to obtain the secrets of the twins' visions in order to secure her reign.
Sea of shadows
Narn i chîn Húrin : the tale of the children of Húrin
City of bones
The mark of the dragonfly
Hollowgirl : a Twinmaker novel
What could possibly go wrong?
The Ghost sea
Vladimir and his band of Cossacks are mapping the fearsome wilderness of Siberia. Can they outpace the white tigers? Thrilling adventure. Barrington Stoke specialise in books for reluctant, struggling and dyslexic readers.
Five get into trouble
Five Run Away Togther
Gateway
My haunted house
The bitter kingdom
White death : a novel from the Oregon files
Night raid
Blue horizon
Wild storm
The long war
A revised omnibus edition of White's retelling of Arthurian legends. The first three sections of this book were originally published separately: The Sword in the Stone (1939), The Witch in the Wood (1939; here called "The Queen of Air and Darkness"), The Ill-Made Knight (1940), and the previously unpublished section, "The Candle in the Wind." The Book of Merlyn, written in 1941, was originally intended as the fifth and final book of the saga. It was first published by the University of Texas Press in 1977 and reissued by Berkley, 1978 (pap.). The whole world knows and loves this book. It is the magical epic of King Arthur and his shining Camelot; of Merlin and Owl and Guinevere; of beasts who talk and men who fly, of wizardry and war. It is the book of all things lost and wonderful and sad. It is the fantasy masterpiece by which all others are judged.
Buzz Boy and Fly Guy
The sentinel
Glamour in glass
Five go adventuring again
The complete chronicles of Narnia
"An expedition of groundlings from the Empire of Kish have traveled through the Three Worlds to the Indigo Cloud court of the Raksura, shape-shifting creatures of flight that live in large family groups. The groundlings have found a sealed ancient city at the edge of the shallow seas, near the deeps of the impassable Ocean. They believe it to be the last home of their ancestors and ask for help getting inside. But the Raksura fear it was built by their own distant ancestors, the Forerunners, and the last sealed Forerunner city they encountered was a prison for an unstoppable evil.  Prior to the groundlings' arrival, the Indigo Cloud court had been plagued by visions of a disaster that could destroy all the courts in the Reaches. Now, the court's mentors believe the ancient city is connected to the foretold danger. A small group of warriors, including consort Moon, an orphan new to the colony and the Raksura's idea of family, and sister queen Jade, agree to go with the groundling expedition to investigate. But the predatory Fell have found the city too, and in the race to keep the danger contained, the Raksura may be the ones who inadvertently release it.  The Edge of Worlds, from celebrated fantasy author Martha Wells, returns to the fascinating world of The Cloud Roads for the first book in a new series of strange lands, uncanny beings, dead cities, and ancient danger. "--
Tarzan : the Greystoke legacy
