http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5084 refining
refining
A techno-economic comparison of biogas upgrading technologies in Europe
Breeding for carcass traits in dairy cattle
Maintenance of male sterile germplasm in Brassica rapa in vitro propagation
Advancement on Drilling Technology in Petroleum Industry
Abstract.
Practical Advances in Petroleum Processing
Abstract: Enlargement of the environmental management system - including the production plants of Nakkila and Säkylä into the ISO 14001 system.
Germinability of Norway spruce and scots pine pollen exposed to open air
Equine reproduction and stud medicine : self-assessment colour review
Journal of dairy science
Genetic control of flowering in the diploid strawberry Fragaria vesca
Seed and nursery technology of forest trees
Petroleum refining : technology and economics
Lead and its alloys
Yield trends of temperate cereals in high lattitude countries from 1940 to 1998.
"This resource brings together all the disparate information on breed-related diseases in a quick-reference format. Breed-by-breed, in one section for dogs and one for cats, both inherited and other prevalent disorders are listed. The final section describes the disorders covered. All information is drawn from high quality sources including research journals and veterinary reference texts with references provided, saving hours of searching through scattered literature. This reference helps veterinary professionals to advise clients on their choice of breed and what problems to look out for"--Provided by publisher.
Breeding strategies for maize production improvement in the tropics
Animals for research : principles of breeding and management
Genetics, breeding and reproduction of fur animals : proceedings of NJF-workshop, Viborg, Denmark, 29 April 1993.
Economic geographical analysis of the Finnish paper industry
Reproductive adaptation and mating system in Pinus sylvestris L. : some observations on population structure and breeding strategies
Future biorefinery programme report 2009-2011
Chameleons : their care and breeding
Indirect selection for resistance to fusiform rust in Loblolly pine
Jenkka and Jatsi, two new red raspberry cultivars
Studies on the genetic regulation of birch flower development and potential biotechnological applications
Redesigning animal agriculture : the challenge of the 21st century
An introduction to practical animal breeding
The majesty of the horse
Biomass gasification to heat, electricity and biofuels : HighBio project publication
DNA markers for Typhula resistance in timothy (Phleum pratense L.)
Tetraploid production through zygotic chromosome doubling in Populus
This book is arranged in 3 sections. The first section (Chapters 2-4) provides an introduction to the flower seed industry and identifies the users of flower seeds. These chapters provide a historical treatment of the industry and emphasize the challenges and opportunities for the ornamental and bedding plant and wildflower industries. The second section (Chapters 5-10) considers the science of flower seed production. Discussions focus on the establishment of successful breeding programmes by seed companies, factors controlling flower induction to obtain high-quality seeds and maximize yield, structure and anatomy of flower seeds, as well as the physiological events that govern seed germination, dormancy imposition and release, and seed deterioration. The third section (Chapters 11-17) discusses the technology of flower seeds. This includes chapters on cleaning, enhancements, germination, viability and vigour testing of flower seeds. Specific guidelines and information to accomplish these tasks are given. A chapter is also provided, describing the activities of the Ornamental Plant Germplasm Centre, the only governmental organization dedicated to conserving germplasm for the future genetic improvement of flower crops.
The use of network-based business models has been brought up as a means of creating com-petitive edge in the tightening global competition. In practice, adopting network-based models has not yet become common in the wood products industry. The objective of this study is to gain better understanding of types of network-based business models using a case study of two small and medium-sized wood industry companies in Finland (for a sake of anonymity named as A and B). The network of company A is found to consist of mostly of established actors with a new-in-the-market value creation system, whereas network for company B is more stable and has an established value system aiming at growth and incremental innovations. Both networks had experienced difficulties in finding partners and lacked some strategic resources. Via this example we wish to stimulate further research interest on the sources of network-based competitive advantage in the traditional wood product industry in a need of renewal of business models..
Strategic business networks in the Finnish wood products industry: a case of two small and medium-sized enterprises
Equine reproductive physiology, breeding, and stud management
Proceedings of the VIIIth International Symposium on Canopy, Rootstocks and Environmental Physiology in Orchard Systems
The objective of this study was to determine beef production traits of purebred Holstein-Friesian (Hol) and Hol×beef breed crossbred bulls. The data collected from slaughterhouses included observations of 87323 purebred Hol, 783 Hol×Aberdeen angus (Hol×Ab), 621 Hol×Blonde d'Aquitaine (Hol×Ba), 562 Hol×Charolais (Hol×Ch), 349 Hol×Hereford (Hol×Hf), 1691 Hol×Limousin (Hol×Li) and 570 Hol×Simmental (Hol×Si) bulls. For estimating valuable cuttings also a separate dataset was collected and included observations of 8806 purebred Hol, 57 Hol×Ab, 29 Hol×Ba, 22 Hol×Ch, 15 Hol×Hf, 111 Hol×Li and 58 Hol×Si bulls. Crossbreeding Hol cows with late maturing breeds (Ba, Ch, Li, Si) had favorable effects on carcass gain, conformation and proportion of high value joints of the progeny when compared to purebred Hol bulls. No advantages in proportion of valuable cuttings seemed to be obtained by crossbreeding with Ab or Hf breeds, while the improvements in gain and conformation were intermediate compared to the late maturing crossbreds.
Faidherbia albida in the West African semi-arid tropics : proceedings of a workshop, 22-26 Apr 1991, Niamey, Niger
Liekki and Jalo : combustion and fuel conversion : evaluation of the research programmes 1988-1990
Fibre fibrillation and its impact on sheet properties
6th International symposium on apricot culture, Caserta, Italy, 9-15 July 1989 : vol. 1-2
Coefficients of relationship and inbreeding among Finnish Ayrshire and Holstein-Friesian
Medical, genetic & behavioral aspects of purebred cats
Customer value co-creation through reverse use of customer data
BioRefine yearbook 2010
Use of individual race results in the estimation of genetic parameters of trotting performance for Finnhorse and Standardbred trotters
The joy of breeding your own show dog
Anther culture properties of oat x wild red oat progenies and a search for RAPD markers associated with  anther culture ability
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
Optimizing anther culture for barley breeding
Evaluation of three methods to assess winter-hardiness of strawberry genotypes
Finnish embryo transfer breeding program "ASMO" : description of the goals and a summary of the results of initial selection
The goldsmith's and silversmith's handbook : a practical manual for all workers in gold, silver, platinum and palladium
Biotechnological approaches in lily (Lilium) production
Breeding forest trees for resistance to mammalian herbivores : a study based on European white birch = Metsäpuiden resistenssijalostus kasveja syöviä nisäkkäitä vastaan : rauduskoivuun perustuva tutkimus
Development and spread of high-yielding rice varieties in developing countries
The Arkhangelsk oblast has long been one of Russia's most important forest industrial regions. This paper analyses the changes in accessibility of forest resources and forest commodity production during the transition period in the 1990s. Special attention is given to firm restructuring, active roles of domestic capital and the different survival strategies that have been developed by industries in the region. Further analysis deals with signs of economic recovery in the forest sector due to the processes of restructuring, modernisation and self-organisation.
Symposium on the Molecular Biology of Barley, Vuoranta 13.-14.12.1987 : yhteenveto
Production and converting of corrugated board
Keys to top breeding
Genetic transformation of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Genetic mapping of traits important in barley breeding
Genetics and breeding of edible mushrooms
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Oil Milling, The Crushing and Extracting Processes Applied to Oil-seeds : A Unilever Educational Booklet
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on Plum and Prune Genetics, Breeding and Pomology : Lofthus, Norway September 5-9, 2004
Genetic purity of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L. cv. ʻINTA ROJOʼ) during seed production in Nicaragua
On the steel breeze
Laboratory production of cattle embryos
Estimates of genetic parameters of trotting performance traits for repeated annual records
Factors influencing somatic embryogenesis and regeneration ability in somatic tissue culture of spring and winter rye
Molecular genetics and breeding of forest trees
Use of race records for breeding evaluation of trotters in Finland
Bee genetics and breeding
Modern horse breeding : a guide for owners
Barley for food and health : science, technology, and products
Handbook of petroleum refining processes
Breeding for lifetime performance in dairy cattle
Corrosion occuring in the food processing industry
Animal breeding and production : an outline
Value from village processing
Summary: Enlarging the seed utilization areas toward to north by selective harvesting of Scots pine seed orchards.
Genetics and horse breeding
The amount and extractability of DNA in different parts of MON810 GM hybrid was studied during different developmental stages. To quantify GM contents, an evaluation was performed of the effect of plant development stage on DNA density. To this end, the evolution of weights, absolute DNA yields, DNA densities and ratios of endosperm and embryo relative to total maize kernel were studied. Sampling at four stages during the growth shows an influence on relative GM quantification based on haploid genome equivalents, due to the specific maize seed composition and differences in DNA extractability from different seed tissues. During plant growth, plant parts with potential GM genes (embryo in kernel and cob on total plant) increase in importance on weight and DNA concentration level, while the endosperm drops in relative importance. Expected % GM maize values are calculated for a whole field harvest of grain maize.
Genetics for dog breeders
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
Use of selection to enhance comb hyaluronic acid production in White Leghorn cockerels and correlated effects on male and female characters
The Nordic and Baltic countries are in the frontline of replacing fossil fuel with renewables. An important question is how forest management of the productive parts of this region can support a sustainable development of our societies in reaching low or carbon neutral conditions by 2050. This may involve a 70% increased consumption of biomass and waste to meet the goals. The present review concludes that a 50-100% increase of forest growth at the stand scale, relative to today's common level of forest productivity, is a realistic estimate within a stand rotation (~70 years). Change of tree species, including the use of non-native species, tree breeding, introduction of high-productive systems with the opportunity to use nurse crops, fertilization and afforestation are powerful elements in an implementation and utilization of the potential. The productive forests of the Nordic and Baltic countries cover in total 63 million hectares, which corresponds to an average 51% land cover. The annual growth is 287 million m3 and the annual average harvest is 189 million m3 (65% of the growth). A short-term increase of wood-based bioenergy by utilizing more of the growth is estimated to be between 236 and 416 TWh depending on legislative and operational restrictions. Balanced priorities of forest functions and management aims such as nature conservation, biodiversity, recreation, game management, ground water protection etc. all need consideration. We believe that these aims may be combined at the landscape level in ways that do not conflict with the goals of reaching higher forest productivity and biomass production..
Geotechnical report
An overview of biorefineries in Finland
Possibilities for upgrading OCC pulp by its refining and fines management
The Old Assyrian copper trade in Anatolia
World animal science. 100 7, Horse breeding and management
Llamas and Alpacas : small-Scale Herding for Pleasure and Profit
This paper investigates in a combined theoretical and empirical approach the interrelatedness of job satisfaction and distance between home and workplace under long-distance commuting conditions. After discussing the concepts of long-distance commuting and job satisfaction on a theoretical level, the focus is on the situation of employees working in Russia's oil industry. The empirical analysis is based on questionnaire data from a survey that captures employees' experiences in an oil company, which operates in the Komi Republic and Nenets Autonomous District. The paper reveals factors influencing the perception of and dealing with commuting distances reaching up to several thousand kilometres. The influence of differences in the organisation and length of shifts and in the compensation for travel expenses is analysed in detail. Ultimately, the goal of this research is to find out whether or not commuting distances face upper constraints concerning employees' job satisfaction and to discuss potential implications for developments in remote areas. The results show that growing commuting distance does not necessarily cause lower job satisfaction. Instead, a more important factor in this respect is the organisation of long-distance commuting in a way that meets the understanding and needs of the involved employees and gives room for individual coping strategies.
Population genetics of the invasive plant species Impatiens glandulifera in Southern Finland
Eleven advanced strawberry lines ("SJ011‑10", "SJ0440‑2", "SJ061‑8", "SJ066‑3", "SJ069‑3", "SJ069‑12", "SJ0814‑37", "SJ8518‑11", "K04‑12", "LL0220‑10" and "V151") were evaluated for their yield, fruit quality, total phenolic content, total antioxidant capacity, and phenolic composition, and were compared with a commercial cultivar ("Wendy"). The results showed that "SJ069‑3" had excellent soluble solids content, mid-level titratable acidity, low weight loss, and the best firmness among all the cultivars. Higher total antioxidant capacity was found in "SJ069‑3", according to ferric reducing antioxidant power and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays, an indication that "SJ069‑3" is a promising new cultivar for the fresh market. In addition to rich individual phenolics, "SJ061‑8" had the highest total antioxidant capacity, which was significantly different from the other genotypes, suggesting the potential use of this line as parent material in breeding or as a functional food ingredient. There was a strong relationship between total antioxidant capacity and total phenolic content, according to Folin-Ciocalteu, ferric reducing antioxidant power, and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays. This study confirms that anthocyanins are major phenolic compounds contributing to the main antioxidant power of strawberries.
Building a successful biodiesel business : technology considerations, developing the business, analytical methodologies
Influence of plant developmental stage on DNA yield and extractability in MON810 maize
BioRefine yearbook 2011
Detection of bias in animal model pedigree indices of heifers
Pine transcriptomics : RNA-Seq data analysis of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) seedlings subjected to a wounding experiment
Outlook on mechanical wood processing in Estonia
Academic knowledge creation as a spatio-temporal process : the case of international research groups in Finland
Equine breeding management and artificial insemination
Field assessment of resistance in potato to Phytophthora infestans : international cooperators guide
Procedure for managing large-scale progeny test data : a case study of Scots pine in Finland
Triticale breeding and synthesis : applications of tissue culture
Phytoene desaturase (PDS) plays a key role in the carotenoid biosynthesis in plants. Knocked-down the expression of PDS gene by virus induced gene silencing (VIGS) shows the photobleached phenotype in infected plants so that it has been used as a marker or a long time in VIGS systems with range of plant species. Tobacco rattle virus (TRV) based VIGS system, which uses PDS as the visual marker has been successfully applied and showed the white phenotype in Gerbera hybrida. However, 2-pyrone synthase (PS) gene, which encodes the first enzyme in gerebrin/parasorboside biosynthesis, is significantly reduced in these infected VIGS albino sectors. The transcription level of 2PS gene was also strongly suppressed in leaves treated with photobleaching herbicide, Norflurazon (NF), which inhibits the activity of PDS. Thus, down-regulation of 2PS gene in photobleaching sectors is caused by silencing PDS gene rather than by reacting of gerbera to TRV in VIGS treatment. Interestingly, expression of 2PS in transgenic tobacco (Nicotina tabacum SR1) causes photooxidative bleaching of the leaves. The reduction of β-carotene in white leaves which analyzed by thin layer chromatograph (TLC) is the main reason; however, the interference between gerberin/parasorboside and carotenoid biosynthesis in these transgenic plants is still unclear. To overcome the effect of overexpression 2PS gene, exogenous mevalonic acid lactone (MAL) could be applied to partially rescue this transgenic phenotype at the seedling stages.
Breeding and improvement of farm animals
Best remudas : quality Quarter horses
Molecular methods for potato improvement : report of the planning conference on "Application of molecular techniques to potato germplasm enchancement", held at the International Potato Center (CIP), March 5-9, 1990.
Transcriptome profiling of Finnsheep ovaries during out-of-season breeding period
Carbon fiber reinforced amorphous carbon composites : fabrication, structures, and properties
World animal science. B 7, Cattle genetic resources
This article focuses on the most recent internationalisation of Finnish forest companies. The profiles of the major companies are analysed. A 'world map' is drawn to illustrate the gradual formation of forest-industrial spaces in three scales: the articulation of Finnish (national) forest interest is related to the strategic openings of the Finnish forest companies within European (continental) and global (transcontinental) contexts. The suggested world map covers both the active exporting of the 'Finnish model' and the subsequent new location of Finland in the international networks. Both material and symbolic dimensions of the process are highlighted. The slow dynamics of the paper production is set against the current fluidity of societal demands that are fed by intensifying competition between the leading companies, profit maximation among the shareholders, and keen steering by globally aware environmentalists and consumers. Finally, the eco-social consequences of the contested globalisation process are addressed by examining the most controversial signs and signals. These include size ranking of the companies, profit hunting, image and identity politics, and product certifications. The theoretical framework is based on the political-ecology literature inspired by actor- and context-specific approaches. Hence, the aim is a simultaneous analysis of both material and symbolic changes in forest industrial practices.
Business possibilities in Somali and Abyssinian cat breeding
Quality characteristics of parental lines of wheat mapping populations
The second report on the state of the world's plant genetic resources for food and agriculture
Lignin characteristics and ecological interactions of PtCOMT-modified silver birch
A comparison of purebred Holstein-Friesian and Holstein-Friesian × beef breed bulls for beef production and carcass traits
Proceedings of the Third International Symposium on Cucurbits : Townsville, Australia, September, 11-17
Citriculture : proceedings of the sixth International Citrus Congress, Middle-East, Tel Aviv, Israel, March 6-11, 1988 : vol. 1-4
Silicon-containing species in used lube oil re-refining
Agronomic characteristics and phytochemical profiles of advanced June-bearing strawberry lines for the northern Canadian climate
Equine reproductive physiology, breeding and stud management
Clonal forestry. 2, Conservation and application
The ethics of animal re-creation and modification : reviving, rewilding, restoring
4th International symposium on plum and prune genetics, breeding and plant pomology, Bordeaux, France, 24-28 July 1989
Optimization of the current breeding scheme for blue fox
Cephalopods : handling, processing and products
Sol-gel processing of advanced ceramics : international workshop held in Madras on 8-9 January, 1996
Genetic analysis of foal and studbook traits in selection for racing performance in trotters
Summary proceedings of the 2nd ICRISAT regional groundnut meeting for West Africa, 11-14 Sep 1990 ICRISAT Sahelian Center Niamey, Niger = Comptes rendus de la deuxième réunion régionale de l'ICRISAT sur l'arachide en Afrique de l'Ouest
Selective breeding in aquaculture : an introduction
Conditioning of SO2-ethanol-water (SEW) spent liquor from lignocellulosics for ABE fermentation to biofuels and chemicals
Increased forest biomass production in the Nordic and Baltic countries - a review on current and future opportunities
Genetic study of reproduction traits and their relationship to production traits in white leghorn lines
Lessons from Fray Bentos: forest industry, overseas investments and discursive regulation
Food engineering operations
Proceedings of Ist International Symposium on Sustainable Vegetable Production in Southeast Asia : Salatiga, Indonesia, March 14-17, 2011
Genetic parameters for growth traits in pigs estimated using third degree polynomial functions
Getting started with beef & dairy cattle
Robinson's genetics for cat breeders and veterinarians
Globalisation and the Finnish forest sector: on the internationalisation of forest-industrial operations
Freezing and low temperature photoinhibition tolerance in cultivated potato and potato hybrids
The objective of the study was to find DNA markers associated with resistance to Typhula ishikariensis in timothy (Phleum pratense L.) using bulked-segregant analysis. A progeny of 161 F1 individuals was created by crossing the Finnish resistant cultivar Tammisto II with the Japanese susceptible cultivar Nosappu. Six to ten clones of each F1 individual were tested for resistance in the greenhouse, and a survival index, which was based both on survival and the ability of plants to recover, was calculated for each F1 to describe resistance. Resistant and susceptible bulks of eight individuals in each were screened with a total of 292 primer combinations. Six DNA markers were found to be associated with resistance, together explaining 15% of phenotypic variation in Typhula resistance. Four of the markers formed one linkage group, which contained a QTL explaining 7% of the variation in Typhula resistance.
Interference between gerberin/parasorboside and carotenoid biosynthesis
Developing a Scots pine breeding objective : a case study involving a Swedish sawmill
Growth rates and phenology of fast- and slow-growing families over an entire growth period in Betula pendula Roth
Introduction to veterinary genetics
Conservation genetics of endangered horse breeds
Fifth International Symposium on Plum and Prune Genetics Breeding and Pomology : Stuttgart-Hohenheim, Germany, September 6-10, 1993
Tukista tuplasti : value added wood chain 1998-2003 : loppuraportti = Value added wood chain technology programme 1998-2003 = final report
Synthesis of single and mixed metal oxides for VOCs oxidation
This report, prepared with the participation of member countries as well as the public and private sectors, demonstrates the central role plant genetic diversity continues to play in shaping agriculture growth in the face of climate change and other environmental challenges. It provides the decision-makers with a technical basis for policy and technical decision to strengthen national efforts. It also aims to attract the attention of the global community to set priorities for the effective management of plant genetic resources for the future. Country reports and thematic studies are available on the accompanying CD-ROM.--Publisher's description.
Proceedings of the 1st International symposium on olive growing, Córdoba (Spain) 26-29 September 1989
Intellectual property rights in animal breeding and genetics
Refining processes handbook
Breeding for disease resistance in farm animals
Breeding of neglected and under-utilized crops, spices, and herbs
Flower seeds : biology and technology
Rye : genetics, breeding, and cultivation
Genetic studies on Sahiwal cattle in Pakistan
Proceedings from willow breeding symposium Uppsala August 31 - Septermber 1, 1987.
Finnsheep is one of the most prolific sheep breeds in the world. We sequenced RNA-Seq libraries from the ovaries of Finnsheep ewes collected during out of season breeding period at about 30X sequence coverage. A total of 86 966 348 and 105 587 994 reads from two samples were mapped against latest available ovine reference genome (Oarv3.1). The transcriptome assembly revealed 14 870 known ovine genes, including the 15 candidate genes for fertility and out-of-season breeding. In this study we successfully used our bioinformatics pipeline to assemble the first ovarian transcriptome of Finnsheep.
Canine reproduction and neonatology : a practical guide for veterinarians, veterinary staff, and breeders
Common beans : research for crop improvement
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
The dog breeder's guide to successful breeding and health management
The world of magnolias
Distribution of power dissipation in a TMP refiner plate gap
Biorefineries and chemical processes : design, integration and sustainability analysis
The phytic acid (PA), inorganic phosphorus (Pi), yellow pigment (YP), water soluble phenolics (WSPH) and free protein sulfhydryl groups (PSH) of 15 Triticum aestivum and 15 Triticum durum wheats grown at six different environments were evaluated for variability, intra- and inter- relations with agronomic traits. The most variable properties in bread wheat were YP and WSPH with coefficients of variation (CV) amounting to 14.59% and 14.10%, respectively, while in durum wheat those were PSH and YP with CV of 17.59% and 15.02%, respectively. PA in durum wheat showed the least variability (CV 3.61%). Among others, positive associations were obtained between WSPH and YP in bread and durum wheat, YP and PSH, WSPH and PSH, yield (YLD) and WSPH, YLD and PSH in durum wheat, while negative associations were recorded for PA and YP, PA and WSPH, YLD and antioxidants (YP and WSPH) in bread wheat, PA and antioxidants, PA and YLD in durum wheat..
Molecular characterisation of genetic resources in cattle and sheep for preserving breeding options
Further processing of tropical timber in Africa : report on a seminar on The Promotion of Further Processing of Tropical Hardwood Timber held in Accra, Ghana, 13-16 February 1990.
Dairy cattle fertility & sterility
Research Action Plan 2020 for sustainable use of biomass : Central Finland
Genetic evaluation of pigs and missing data : effects of culling before testing and prospects for adjustment
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
Electrofusion of protoplasts of anther-derived dihaploid lines of commercial potato cultivars
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
Globalisation in the forest industry has its own particular characteristics which are due to a high degree of capital intensity and limits in raw material supply. Investments in new capacities are expensive and the rate of forest regeneration is slow in the traditional resource areas in the conifer dominated forests of the global North. The supply problem has lead forest companies to establish tree plantations and pulp mills in the temperate and tropical zones. This has largely modified global forest-industrial relations. I examine here how and why the establishment of the Fray Bentos pulp mill in Uruguay by a Finnish company, Metsä-Botnia, turned into an international conflict. I also show how the political reactions to the mill planning in fact relied on and further developed the international mechanisms of forest-industrial regulation. The partners of the mill project were forced to prove that the fears expressed by critical parties would not come true. The article ends with some suggestions to improve social sensitivity of forest-industrial projects by studying more systematically the dependencies between the forest industry and the environing society.
Proceedings of the Third Balkan Symposium on Vegetables and Potatoes : TBursa, Turkey September 6-10, 2004
Genetic characterization of Theobroma cacao L. in Nicaragua
Enlargement of the environmental management system : including the production plants of Nakkila and Säkylä into the ISO 14001 system
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Distance between home and workplace as a factor for job satisfaction in the North-West Russian oil industry
Harvest index in a progeny test of Scots pine with reference to the model of selection
Developing a hybrid breeding system for turnip rape
Horse sense : the guide to horse care in Australia and New Zealand
Non-surgical transfer of 4',6'-diamidino-2-phenylindole-stained equine embryos
While the creation of Dolly the sheep, the world's most famous clone, triggered an enormous amount of discussion about human cloning, in Dolly Mixtures the anthropologist Sarah Franklin looks beyond that much-rehearsed controversy to some of the other reasons why the iconic animal's birth and death were significant. Building on the work of historians and anthropologists, Franklin reveals Dolly as the embodiment of agricultural, scientific, social, and commercial histories which are, in turn, bound up with national and imperial aspirations. Dolly was the offspring of a long tradition of animal domestication, as well as the more recent histories of capital accumulation through selective breeding, and enhanced national competitiveness through the control of biocapital. Franklin traces Dolly's connections to Britain's centuries-old sheep and wool markets (which were vital to the nation's industrial revolution) and to Britain's export of animals to its colonies - particularly Australia - to expand markets and produce wealth. Moving forward in time, she explains the celebrity sheep's links to the embryonic cell lines and global bioscientific innovation of the late twentieth century and early twenty-first.
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
Biosynthesis of very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in the leafy vegetable chicory
NWBC 2015 : the 6th Nordic Wood Biorefinery Conference, Helsinki, Finland 20-22 October, 2015.
Genetics of sow efficiency in the Finnish landrace and large white populations
Proceedings of the 2nd International Symposium on Loquat : Guangzhou, China, April 1 - 6, 2006
Proceedings of the VI International Symposium on Artichoke, Cardoon and Their Wild Relatives : Lorca, Spain, March 28-31
Progress in fur animal science : proceedings from the 5th International scientific congress in fur animal production, August 13-16, 1992, Oslo Plaza Hotel, Oslo, Norway
Predicting breeding values with applications in forest tree improvement
Reproductive technologies in farm animals
Factor analysis as a tool to control chemical pulp quality in refining
Natural incubation & rearing
A century of rice improvement in Burma
You've been hired by the town of Scoville to meet their need for heat. Your role as an employee of Scoville is to crossbreed peppers to create the hottest new breeds. You'll have to manage the auctioning, planting, and harvesting of peppers, then you'll be able to help the town by fulfilling their orders and creating new pepper breeds. Help make the town of Scoville a booming success! Let's get planting!
Consumer evaluation of scrab-resistant apple cultivars in Sweden
The aim of this work was to evaluate the main quality traits in the parental lines of wheat segregating populations to identify the best for subsequent genetic mapping of the traits. Significant differences (p < 0.001) among wheat genotypes were observed. Many of the examined crosses appeared to be suitable for the purpose, showing differences among parental lines as high as 4.6% for protein content, 6.4% for gluten content, 69 for gluten index, 50 mL for sodium dodecyl sulphate sedimentation volume, and 33.9 g for thousand-kernel weight, whereas differences accounting for 4.8, 2.4, and 7.3 were observed for yellow index, red index and brown index, respectively. The results pointed out that for studying at the same time the quantitative and qualitative features of gluten, the wheat populations derived from Latino x MG29896 and Saragolla x 02-5B-318 could be particularly appropriate. In addition, the latter cross was suitable to deepen the knowledge of yellow index regulation.
Peach
Berries in the world : introduction to the international markets of berries
Herbal medicine production : breeding and cultivation of salicylates producing plants
Animal production and animal science worldwide
The complete encyclopedia of chickens
Resistance to powdery mildew in selections from barley landraces collected in Greece
Within-plot subsampling of trees for assessment in progeny trials of Scots pine
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
An introduction to plant breeding
Efficacy of imazamox in imidazolinone-resistant spring oilseed rape in Finland
Biorefinery : from biomass to chemicals and fuels
Technical note on the best available technologies to reduce emissions of pollutants into the air from the refining industry : final report
Sustainability - a challenge to animal production and breeding
Horse management : the official handbook of the German National Equestrian Federation
Summary.
The key elements for genetic response in Finnish dairy cattle breeding
The biology and utilization of grasses
Dolly mixtures : the remaking of genealogy
The strawberry in North America : history, origin, botany, and breeding
Application of new genetic technologies to animal breeding
Phytic acid, inorganic phosphorus, antioxidants in bread and durum wheat and their associations with agronomic traits
Modern livestock and poultry production
Molecular genetics of forest trees : proceedings, Second IUFRO Working Party on Molecular Genetics, Petawawa National Forestry Institute Chalk River, Ontario June 15-18, 1987
Third International Strawberry Symposium : Veldhoven, the Netherlands, 29 April - 4 May 1996. Vol 1
Proceedings of the XXIVth International Eucarpia Symposium, Section Ornamentals: "Ornamental Breeding Worldwide" : Warsaw, Poland, September 2-5, 2012
Applications of genetics
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Handbook of Petroleum Processing
Development of forest sector in the Arkhangelsk oblast during the transition period of the 1990s
Breed for success : the horseman's guide to producing healthy foals
Genetic studies of assortative mating in selected and unselected populations
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Developing Sitka spruce populations for resistance to the white pine weevil : summary of research and breeding program
Animal breeding : an introduction
Breeding happy and healthy chihuahuas
Population structure, inbreeding trend and their association with hip and elbow dysplasia in dogs
BioRefine programme 2007-2012 : yearbook 2009
The relationships between yield components in the breeding of Scots pine
Genetics for cat breeders
Principles of crop improvement
Proceedings of the Fifth International Congress on Cactus and Cochineal : Chapingo, Edo. de Mexico, Mexico, August 2-7, 2004
Breed predispositions to disease in dogs and cats
Biorefineries : industrial processes and products : status quo and future directions
Clonal variation in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) and in transgenic silver birch (Betula pendula)
Catalytic pyrolysis of biomass in a fluidized bed reactor
The synthesis of very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (VLCPUFAs) was investigated in five cultivars of chicory. Genes for enzymes of the ù3/6 Ä8-desaturation biosynthetic pathways for the formation of C20 VLCPUFAs were inserted into chicory by Agrobacterium-mediated transformation of leaf explants. Plants were transformed by genes encoding Ä9-specific elongating activity from Isochrysis galbana, Ä8-desaturase from Euglena gracilis and Ä5-desaturase from Mortierella alpina, either separately or in combination; transgenic plants were selected on culture medium containing glufosinate ammonium for those transformed with the Ä9-elongase gene alone or in combination with the Ä8-desaturase gene, or kanamycin for plants transformed with the Ä5-desaturase gene. PCR showed the presence of the transgenes within the genome of selected plants, with RT-PCR confirming gene expression. Gas Chromatography of fatty acid methyl esters extracted from freeze-dried leaves of transgenic plants quantified the synthesis of omega-6 arachidonic acid and its precursors eicosadienoic and dihomo-ã-linolenic acids, and omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid together with its precursors eicosatrienoic and eicosatetraenoic acids. This is the first report of the production of VLCPUFAs in a leafy vegetable. Since VLCPUFAs are the precursors of prostaglandins, the formation of prostaglandins was also investigated in chicory following a second transformation event using the PGHS-1 gene from Mus musculus.
