http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5099 aquaculture
aquaculture
Country report of Finland for the intersessional period of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission (EIFAC) 1990-1991
Aquaculture and the environment in the European Community
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
Report of the twenty-fourth session of the Committee on Fisheries : Rome, 26 February-2 March 2001.
The potentials of aquaculture : an overview and bibliography
Comparative assessment of the environmental costs of aquaculture and other food production sectors : methods for meaningful comparisons : FAO / WFT Expert Workshop, 24-28 April 2006, Vancouver, Canada
Fisheries biology of the edible crab (Cancer pagurus) in the Kattegat and the Skagerrak : implications for sustainable management
Aquaculture development. 5, Use of wild fish as feed in aquaculture
The common organisation of the markets in fishery and aquaculture products
Report of the sixth session of the Sub-Committee on Aquaculture, Cape Town, South Africa, 26-30 March 2012 = Rapport de la sixième session du Sous-comité de l'aquaculture, Le Cap, Afrique du Sud, 26-30 mars 2012 = Informe de la sexta reunión del Subcomité de Acuicultura, Ciudad de Cabo, Sudàfrica, 26-30 de marzo de 2012.
Fisheries and aquaculture in Georgia : current status and planning
Executive summary (s. vii-x).
Water : life in every drop
The future of mariculture : a regional approach for responsible development in the Asia-Pacific region : FAO/NACA Regional Workshop 7-11 March 2006, Guangzhou, China
Geographic information systems in fisheries management and planning
Biotechnology and genetics in fisheries and aquaculture
This document contains the main outputs of Component 2 of the FAO project "Towards sustainable aquaculture: selected issues and guidelines". Component 2 focused on environmental impact assessment and monitoring in aquaculture, in particular on the relevant regulatory requirements, the practice, the effectiveness and suggestions for improvements. The report includes four regional reviews on EIA and monitoring in aquaculture in Africa, Asia-Pacific, Europe, Latin America and North America, a special study on EIA as applied to salmon aquaculture, as well as a global review and synthesis report which draw on the findings of the review papers, covering relevant information from more than 35 countries. In addition, this document provides the Report of the Technical Workshop on Environmental Impact Assessment and Monitoring in Aquaculture, held at FAO headquarters in Rome from 15 to 17 September 2008. The global and regional reviews in this study and the associated technical workshop draw on experience from throughout the world in the application of EIA and monitoring to aquaculture development. In practice most aquaculture is small-scale and is not subject to EIA or rigorous monitoring. More emphasis needs to be placed on environmental management frameworks which can address the environmental issues associated with large numbers of small-scale developments - including strategic environmental assessment, risk analysis, management plans for waterbodies and/or groups of farms, monitoring and response procedures. Where EIA is applied there is mixed experience. Several weaknesses were identified in the regional reviews and at the workshop, including lack of consistency in assessment; lack of appropriate standards; lack of integration between levels and divisions of government; inadequate or ineffective public consultation; lack of assessment skill and capacity; limited follow-up in terms of implementation and monitoring; and excessive bureaucracy and delays. There is very little hard evidence on cost effectiveness. Monitoring is of fundamental importance to effective environmental management of aquaculture, and without which EIA itself is largely pointless. The main weakness identified was limited implementation of monitoring requirements as developed in EIA environmental management plans, and limited analysis, reporting and feedback of farm level and wider environmental monitoring programmes into management of individual farms and the sector as a whole. The key to more effective use of both EIA and monitoring procedures will be to nest them within a higher level strategic planning and management framework, including clear environmental objectives and quality standards. More rigorous risk analysis should be used to inform the focus of both EIA and monitoring.
Selected aquaculture publications: serials, newsletters, meeting proceedings, and bibliographies/directories/glossaries
Climate change implications for fisheries and aquaculture : overview of current scientific knowledge
Naga : the ICLARM quarterly
Indicators for sustainable aquaculture in Mediterranean and Black Sea countries : guide for the use of indicators to monitor sustainable development of aquaculture
Building an ecosystem approach to aquaculture
Colonised coasts : agriculture and emergy flows in the world system: cases from Sri Lanka and the Philippines
Strategy and outline plan for improving information on status and trends of aquaculture = Stratégie et plan visant à améliorer l'information sur la situation et les tendances de l'aquaculture = Estrategia y plan para mejorar la información sobre la situación y las tendencias de la acuicultura
FAO yearbook. Fishery statistics : aquaculture production
Report of the twenty-third session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Wierzba, Poland, 26 May-2 June 2004.
Integrated irrigation and aquaculture in West Africa : concepts, practices and potential
Technical solutions in the management of environmental effects of aquaculture : the Scandinavian Association of Agricultural Scientists seminar no. 258
Fisheries and aquaculture in Latin America and the Caribbean : situation and outlook in 1996
Aquaculture : farming aquatic animals and plants
Country report of Finland for the intersessional period of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission (EIFAC) 1988-1989
An indexed list of FAO publications related to aquaculture, 1960-1997
Report of the twenty-third session of the Committee on Fisheries : Rome, Italy, 15-19 February 1999.
The potential of ecological studies to improve on the survival of cultivated and released aquatic organisms : insights from functional morphology and behaviour studies of the European lobster Homarus gammarus
Molecular research in aquaculture
Synopsis of selected R & D projects in the field of fisheries and aquaculture
Management of Baltic coastal fisheries : a background report
Aquaculture extension services review : Nepal
Review of fisheries research supported by ODA (Natural Resources and Environment Department) during the period 1986-1990
Kalatalous aikasarjoina = Finnish fishery time series
Aquaculture and water resource management
Environmental impact assessment and monitoring in aquaculture : requirements, practices, effectiveness and improvements
Microfinance in fisheries and aquaculture : guidelines and case studies
ICLARM annual report
Fisheries and aquaculture in Europe : situation and outlook in 1996
Report of the second Meeting of Regional Fishery Body Secretariats Network : Rome, 9-10 March 2009.
This booklet provides guidance on broodstock management and domestication, genetic improvement programs, dissemination programs for genetically improved fish, economic considerations in genetic improvement programs. The effective management of genetic resources, risk assessment and monitoring can help promote responsible aquaculture by increasing production output and efficiency, and help minimize adverse impacts on the environment.--Publisher's description.
Report of the Second meeting of directors of the network of aquaculture centres in Central-Eastern Europe (NACEE) : Astrakhan, Russian Federation, 8-9 September 2005.
Disaster response and risk management in the fisheries sector
Aquaculture development. 6, Use of wild fishery resources for capture-based aquaculture
Aquaculture economics : basic concepts and methods of analysis
Fisheries, sustainability and development : fifty-two authors on coexistence and development of fisheries and aquaculture in developing and developed countries
Planning and management for sustainable coastal aquaculture development
Guidelines for the safe use of wastewater and excreta in agriculture and aquaculture : measures for public health protection
Report of the FAO Expert Consultation on the Use of Irrigation Systems for Sustainable Fish Production in Arid Countries of Asia : Almaty, Kazakhstan, 25-29 September 2001.
Fisheries and aquaculture in the Near East and North Africa : situation and outlook in 1996
The state of world fisheries and aquaculture
Report of the twenty-fourth session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Mondsee, Austria, 14 - 21 June 2006.
Report of the twenty-seventh session of the Committee on Fisheries, Rome, 5-9 March 2007.
Aquaculture microbiology and biotechnology
Report of the thirteenth session of the Committee for Inland Fisheries of Africa : Entebbe, Uganda, 27-30 October 2004 = Rapport de la treizième session du Comité des pêches continentales pour l'Afrique : Entebbe, Ouganda, 27-30 octobre 2004
Regional review on status and trends in aquaculture development in Europe - 2010 = Regional'nyj obzor sostoâniâ i tendencij razvitiâ akvakul'tury v Evrope - 2010
An evalution of small-scale freshwater rural aquaculture : development for poverty reduction
Commercial aquaculture and economic growth, poverty alleviation and food security : assessment framework
Report of the first special session of the European Inland Fisheries and Aquaculture Advisory Commission : Rome, 27 October 2011.
Technology, society, environment. 1/2001, Scenarios for coping with contingency
Papers contributed to the workshop on strategies for the management of fisheries and aquaculture in mangrove ecosystems, Bangkok, Thailand, 23-25 June 1986, and country status reports on inland fisheries presented at the third session of the Indo-Pacific Fishery Commission working party of experts on inland fisheries, Bangkok, Thailand, 19-27 June 1986
Tracing activation efficiency of the bio-filtration bacteria in a recirculating aquaculture system using stable isotope analysis
Report of the sixth session of the Advisory Committee on Fisheries Research : Rome,17-20 October 2006.
What corporate responsibility research can give to business know-how : values, strategies and practices
Caring for our future : action for Europe's environment : 25 issues at a glance
Report of the Third Session of the Regional Commision for Fisheries : Doha, Qatar, 9-11 May 2005.
Aquaculture in the Caribbean Basin: a bibliography (1970-1988)
There are four species of mud crab, Scylla serrata, S. tranquebarica, S. paramamosain and S. olivacea that are the focus of both commercial fisheries and aquaculture production throughout their distribution. They are among the most valuable crab species in the world, with the bulk of their commercial production sent live to market. This is the first FAO aquaculture manual on this genus, covering everything from its basic biology and aquaculture production, through to stock packaging and being ready to go to market. Information on mud crab biology, hatchery and nursery technology, grow-out systems, disease control, processing and packaging has been collated in this manual to provide a holistic approach to mud crab aquaculture production. Compared with other types of aquaculture, mud crab culture still has a large number of variants, including: the use of seedstock collected from the wild, as well as produced from a hatchery; farming systems that range from very extensive to intensive, monoculture to polyculture; and farm sites that vary from mangrove forests to well-constructed aquaculture ponds or fattening cages. As such, there is no one way to farm mud crabs, but techniques, technologies and principles have been developed that can be adapted to meet the specific needs of farmers and governments wishing to develop mud crab aquaculture businesses. Each of the four species of Scylla has subtly different biology, which equates to variations in optimal aquaculture production techniques. Where known and documented, variants have been identified, where not, farmers, researchers and extension officers alike may have to adapt results from other species to their mud crab species of choice and local climatic variables. Compared with many other species that are the subject of industrial scale aquaculture, mud crabs can still be considered to be at an early stage of development, as the use of formulated feeds for them is still in its infancy and little work has yet been undertaken to improve stock performance through breeding programmes.
Towards improving global information on aquaculture
Aquaculture in Africa : a workshop on research in agriculture held in Harare, Zimbabwe 23rd-27th January 1991.
Health management in Asian aquaculture : proceedings of the Regional Expert Consultation on Aquaculture Health Management in Asia and the Pacific, Serdang, Malaysia, 22-24 May 1995
