http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p510 models (objects)
models (objects)
I'll never write my memoirs
Biomass equations for birch in Finland
Selected contemporary paintings of beautiful..
Predicting U.S. recession with dynamic binary response models
Solving classification problems with multicriteria decision aiding approaches
A contribution to the further investigation of McKenzie's rifting model
Cost-effective measures for diffuse load abatement in forestry
Bevels and jewels stained glass pattern book
Crocheting on the edge : ribs & bobbles, ruffles, flora, fringes, points & scallops : the essential collection of more than 200 decorative borders
Mathematical models and simulation of Costas loops
Crown envelope shape measurements and models
On modelling and stability of axially moving viscoelastic materials
A concrete approach to mathematical modelling
Visualization of fields and applications in engineering
Handbook of Crochet Stitches : the complete illustrated reference to over 200 stitches
Noise and vibration analysis : signal analysis and experimental procedures
Wound care documentation model : an innovation for clinical nursing.
A naïve sticky information model of households' inflation expectations
Statistical models for inferring the structure and history of populations from genetic data
A model for evaluating dispersed outdoor recreation use estimation
Identifying efficient units in large-scale Dea models : using efficient frontier approximation
Diagnostic and prognostic simulations with a full Stokes model accounting for superimposed ice of Midtre Lovénbreen, Svalbard
Public infrastructures, public consumption, and welfare in a new-open-economy-macro model
Hierarchical linear models, contextual analysis and an application to Swedish election data
200 crochet blocks : for blankets, throws, and afghans
Intelligent leadership and leadership competencies : developing a leadership framework for intelligent organizations
An introduction to mathematical modeling : a course in mechanics
Models in country scale carbon accounting of forest soils
Literary Knits features 30 knitting patterns inspired by beloved characters from classic books; from Pride and Prejudice to Moby Dick, The Catcher in the Rye to The Chronicles of Narnia—and many more in between. Inspired by some of the most beloved characters from favorite books, including an elegant Daisy Cloche inspired by The Great Gatsby and a late '50s-inspired Holly Golightly Dress imagined from Breakfast at Tiffany's, the more than 30 knitting projects in this unique collection will inspire.
Monitoring and managing recreational use in backcountry landscapes using computer-based simulation modeling
Victorian scroll saw patterns
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration
Modelling the supply side of the seven major OECD economies
Minimum wage policies as well as the business practice of outsourcing have important implications for the labor market outcomes of (primarily) lowskilled labor. This paper concerns optimal redistributive income taxation and provision of a public input in a twotype model with a minimum wage policy implemented for the lowability type. We assume that firms use part of their resources for outsourcing by locating part of the production process abroad. Our results show that desire to relax the selfselection constraint and the incentive to increase employment among lowability agents reinforce each other in terms of marginal income taxation. In addition, the appearance of equilibrium unemployment provides an incentive for the government to directly tax outsourcing. Without a direct instrument for taxing outsourcing, the government may reduce the amount of resources spent on outsourcing by increased provision of the public input good which is desirable for two reasons, as reduced outsourcing contributes to less wage inequality and increased employment.
Suomen kansantalouden neljännesvuosimalli BOF4 : yhtälöt = The BOF4 quarterly model of the Finnish economy : equations
Partial polarization and coherence in stationary and nonstationary electromagnetic fields
Reasoning of a parallel computation model
Value relevance of earnings in different institutional environments
Aging in a currency union with endogenous growth
Optimal income taxation, outsourcing and policy cooperation in a dynamic economy
Strategic security : a constructivist investigation of critical security and strategic organisational learning issues : towards a theory of security development
A study of a "model of school learning"
Studies on orographic effects in a numerical weather prediction model
Richly adorned & quietly dressed
Technology foresight in scalar innovation systems: a spatiotemporal process perspective
Changing institutions and consumer-driven development of forest products and servicess
Business plan for a Chinese furniture company
Finnish nutrition recommendations
On the estimation and model selection in the growth curve model under incomplete data
Social choice and multicriterion decision-making
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Sensitivity tests of a two-layer hydrodynamic model in the Gulf of Finland with different atmospheric forcings
Regional crown profile models were derived for three conifer species of the interior northwestern USA from terrestrial laser scans of eighty-six trees across a range of sizes and growing conditions. Equations were developed to predict crown shape from crown length for Pseudotsuga menziesii, Pinus ponderosa, and Abies lasiocarpa from parametric curves applied to crown-length normalized laser point clouds. The 95th width percentile adequately described each crown's outer limit; alternate width percentiles produced little profile shape variation. For P. menziesii and P. ponderosa, a scaling parameter-modified beta curve gave the most accurate fit (using cross-validated Mean Absolute Error) to aggregated 95th width percentile points. For A. lasiocarpa, beta and Weibull curves (equivalently modified) produced similar results. For all species, modified beta and Weibull curves fit crown points with less error than conic or cylindrical profiles. Crown profile curves were species-specific; interchanging among species increased error significantly. Laser-derived crown base metrics provided objectivity and consistency, but underestimated field-derived base heights through inclusion of dead branches. Profile curve parameters were not correlated with tree or stand characteristics suggesting that crown shape is not strongly conditioned by size and site factors. However, laser sampling necessarily favored more open growing conditions, potentially under-representing variations in crown shape associated with social position. Overall, Terrrestrial Laser Scanning (TLS) lends itself to detailed measurements of external crown architecture with occlusion-imposed limits to characterization of internal features. Yet, the time and cost of collecting and processing individual tree data precludes use of TLS as a common field sampling tool.
Paths in space-time environments : a time-geographic study of movement possibilities of individuals
75 colourful hexagons to crochet : the ultimate mix-and-match patterns in eye-popping colours
Some further results related to reduced singular linear models
Guidance for tree measurement in tropical forest ecosystems using non-destructive sampling to develop stem biomass and volume models
Models of economic growth
Economic growth, housing and residential location
Approach to data collection for soil carbon modelling in Benin
Iterated dominance in quasisupermodular games
Models for vertical wood density of Scots pine, Norway spruce and birch stems, and their application to determine average wood density
Material flow models in environmental policy planning : case: pulp and paper industry
Top 100 Cross stitch motifs
Gene genealogies, variation and evolution : a primer in coalescent theory
Numerical methods for pricing options under jump-diffusion processes
Alternate realities : mathematical models of nature and man
Data envelopment analysis : a comprehensive text with models, applications, references and DEA-solver software
Conifer crown profile models from terrestrial laser scanning
Beaded cross-stitch treasures
Stained glass pattern book
Smoking and social interaction
Long-range decision models in mining
Optimal redistributive taxation and provision of public input goods in an economy with outsourcing and unemployment : a note
Empirical equations for estimating aboveground biomass of Betula pendula growing on former farmland in central Poland
This study examines how inflation and money supply growth have interacted in Russia.It covers the period from January 1992, when price liberalization was introduced, to December 1997.An error correction model includes an error correction term (ie deviation from long-run equilibrium) extracted from the estimated long-run money demand function. When the error correction term was included, it was found that much of the effect of monetary expansion on inflation was felt within three months.Further, the error correction term is shown to have a statistically significant coefficient with the correct sign in the money demand equation, implying that deviations from long-run equilibrium contain useful information on future monetary growth. The model reinforces the observation that monetary policy inevitably plays the key role in reducing inflation.Thus, if a reduction in inflation is desired, the central bank may find it impossible to reconcile this goal with other obligations, for example, with financing of the central government budget via large deficits. Keywords: inflation, models, Russia .
Distance optimality design criterion in linear models
A modular approach to business budgeting : the insider's view
Mathematical models and stability analysis of induction motors under sudden changes of load
Quilting design sourcebook
Estimation and prediction in growth curve models with applications
Embracing the wickedness of health care : essays on reforms, wicked problems and public deliberation
Bayesian analysis of SEIR epidemic models
Conceptual runoff models - fiction or representation of reality
Cross stitch : the essential practical collection : techniques, projects, 600 photographs and charts
Studies on wage differentials and labour market transitions
Push and pull assemblages for modelling visitor's flows in complex landscapes
Semiparametric estimation of the binary choice model for contingent valuation
Loglinear models with latent variables
Assessing the performance of a macroeconomic model
The mosaic project book : Roman style
Models for nursing 2
Proceedings of the ECMWF workshop on non-hydrostatic modelling : 8-10 November 2010, European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts, Shinfield Park, Reading, Berkshsire, UK
Stochastic dynamic optimization models in the banking sector
Forecasting the direction of the U.S. stock market with dynamic binary probit models
Assessing the double dividend hypothesis in general equilibrium framework : is there a chance after all?
Authored by leading experts, this seminal text presents a straightforward and elementary account of coalescent theory, which is a central concept in the study of genetic sequence variation observed in a population. Rich in examples and illustrations it is ideal for a graduate course in statistics, population, molecular and medical genetics, bioscience and medicine, and for students studying the evolution of human population and disease. It is also an invaluable reference for bioscientists and statisticians in the pharmaceutical industry and academia.
Discontinuous Galerkin method for time-domain wave problems
Reduced form modeling of limit order markets
The aim of this study was to examine how well stem volume, above-ground biomass and dominant height can be predicted using nationwide airborne laser scanning (ALS) based regression models. The study material consisted of nine practical ALS inventory projects taken from different parts of Finland. We used field sample plots and airborne laser scanning data to create nationwide and regional models for each response variable. The final models had one or two ALS predictors, which were chosen based on the root mean square error (RMSE), and cross-validated. Finally, we tested how much predictions would improve if the nationwide models were calibrated with a small number of regional sample plots. Although forest structures differ among different parts of Finland, the nationwide volume and biomass models performed quite well (leave-inventory-area-out RMSE 22.3% to 33.8%, mean difference [MD] -13.8% to 18.7%) compared with regional models (leave-plot-out RMSE 20.2% to 26.8%). However, the nationwide dominant height model (RMSE 5.4% to 7.7%, MD -2.0% to 2.8%, with the exception of the Tornio region - RMSE 11.4%, MD -9.1%) performed nearly as well as the regional models (RMSE 5.2% to 6.7%). The results show that the nationwide volume and biomass models provided different means than real means at regional level, because forest structure and ALS device have a considerable effect on the predictions. Large MDs appeared especially in northern Finland. Local calibration decreased the MD and RMSE of volume and biomass models. However, the nationwide dominant height model did not benefit much from calibration..
Setting  "condition of order preservation" requirements for the priority vector  estimate in AHP is not justified
An error correction model for Russian inflation
Capital accumulation and employment cycles in a model of creative destruction
Head First Design Patterns
Models of dispersal and diversification
Von Neumann-Morgenstern stabel set bridges time-preferences to the Nash solution
On the use of a non-singular linear transformation of variables data envelopment analysis
Playful Patchwork : gift idea Children
In this paper we discuss the concept of scalar innovation systems in the Nordic countries. We use empirical examples of a transnational foresight project, and provide a literature-based formulation of a scalar innovation system model that combines temporal and spatial dimensions. Our research examples show that geographical scaling brings forth new research problems and approaches for the development of innovation systems. We claim that understandings of the effects of geographical scaling are a critical element in the innovation landscape. These spatiotemporal interconnections comprise the essence of "scales" in this text. We conclude by addressing the key dimensions that are the basis for theoretical assessment of spatially bound innovation systems.
The quantification of the contribution of tropical forests to global carbon stocks and climate change mitigation requires availability of data and tools such as allometric equations. This study made available volume and biomass models for eighteen tree species in a semi-deciduous tropical forest in West Africa. Generic models were also developed for the forest ecosystem, and basic wood density determined for the tree species. Non-destructive sampling approach was carried out on five hundred and one sample trees to analyse stem volume and biomass. From the modelling of volume and biomass as functions of diameter at breast height (Dbh) and stem height, logarithmic models had better predictive capabilities. The model validation showed that in absence of data on height, models using Dbh only as variable was an alternative. The comparison of basic wood densities to data published in literature enabled to conclude that the non-destructive sampling was a good approach to determining reliable basic wood density. The comparative analysis of species-specific models in this study with selected generic models for tropical forests indicated low probability to identify effective generic models with good predictive ability for biomass. Given tree species richness of tropical forests, the study demonstrated the hypothesis that species-specific models are preferred to generic models, and concluded that further research should be oriented towards development of specific models to cover the full range of dominant tree species of African forests..
How do we know where the economy is heading today?
Error correction mechanism : an economic interpretation
A review of the applicability of existing tree and forest characteristics prediction models to forest inventory in Vietnam and Nepal
Scheduling spatial arrangement and harvest simultaneously
Conceptual runoff models - fiction or representation of reality?
[Abstract].
Dollarization and monetary policy in Russia
his study examines how inflation has responded to changes in the rate of money supply growth in Russia.The study covers the period from January 1992 when price liberalization was introduced to December 1995.The error correction model uses an error correction term (i.e. deviation from long-run equilibrium) extracted from the estimated long-run money demand function. When the error correction term was included, it was found that much of the effect of monetary expansion was felt within three months. Further, the error correction term is shown to have statistically significant coefficient with a correct sign, implying that deviations from long-term equilibrium contain useful information about future inflation. The model reinforces the observation that monetary policy inevitably plays the main role in reducing inflation.Thus, if a reduction in inflation is desired, the central bank may find it impossible to reconcile this goal with other obligations, for example, the financing of the central government budget through large deficits. Keywords: inflation, models, Russia .
On displacement-velocity coupling and the origin of in-plane stress in orthotropic moving continua
Does conversion of even-aged, secondary coniferous forests affect carbon sequestration? : a simulation study under changing environmental conditions
Economic dynamics with learning : new stability results
Inference about decomposed effects in structural equation models
World cars 1974.
A hierarchical interactive method for ranking alternatives with multiple qualitative criteria
Macroeconomics : models, debates and developments
Linear estimation and prediction in the general Gauss-Markov model
Thinking with models : mathematical models in the physical, biological, and social sciences
Symplastically transmitted signals regulate pattern formation during root development in Arabidopsis thaliana
Yield-curve based probit models for forecasting U.S. recessions : stability and dynamics
An Ideal Educational Model for Nurse Education
Simulating the effect of the critical latitude on the extratropical response of a linear stationary wave model
Adverse selection in dynamic matching markets
Von Neumann-Morgenstern stable sets and the non-cooperative solution to the bargaining problem
The monetary sector under a currency board arrangement / Specification and estimation of a model with Estonian  data
Learning styles and pedagogy in post-16 learning : a systematic and critical review
Designing a New Project Model to Nammo Lapua Oy Vihtavuori Plant
Internal versus external reference perspective in efficiency wage models reconsidered
Russia, Finland and Norway : Economic essays
This study assesses the causes of dollarization in Russia. Dollarization is defined here as the use of foreign currency both as a medium of exchange and store of value.  According to different estimates, the current degree of dollarization of the Russian economy is 40-50 per cent.Inquiry into sources and mechanisms of dollarization in Russia reveals the main factors influencing its evolution - dynamics of inflation and the dollar exchange rate, as well as the uncertainty level of money and credit policy.  The model of dollarization assessing the influence of key parameters of macroeconomic policy - inflation, exchange and interest rates - on dynamics of dollarization is created in the paper.Main conclusions and relationships of the model are tested on Russian data.Implications of obtained results for macroeconomic policy in Russia are discussed.  Keywords:dollarization, monetary policy, models, Russia .
Lyapunov quantities and limit cycles in two-dimensional dynamical systems : analytical methods, symbolic computation and visualization
Consistency in aggregation, quasilinear means and index numbers
An alternative macroeconomic theory : the Kaleckian model and post-Keynesian economics
Modelling phytoplankton in boreal lakes
Dynamics of the world population
Fairy tale knits : 32 projects to knit happily ever after
In this paper we examine the feasibility of data from unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-borne aerial imagery in stand-level forest inventory. As airborne sensor platforms, UAVs offer advantages cost and flexibility over traditional manned aircraft in forest remote sensing applications in small areas, but they lack range and endurance in larger areas. On the other hand, advances in the processing of digital stereo photography make it possible to produce three-dimensional (3D) forest canopy data on the basis of images acquired using simple lightweight digital camera sensors. In this study, an aerial image orthomosaic and 3D photogrammetric canopy height data were derived from the images acquired by a UAV-borne camera sensor. Laser-based digital terrain model was applied for estimating ground elevation. Features extracted from orthoimages and 3D canopy height data were used to estimate forest variables of sample plots. K-nearest neighbor method was used in the estimation, and a genetic algorithm was applied for selecting an appropriate set of features for the estimation task. Among the selected features, 3D canopy features were given the greatest weight in the estimation supplemented by textural image features. Spectral aerial photograph features were given very low weight in the selected feature set. The accuracy of the forest estimates based on a combination of photogrammetric 3D data and orthoimagery from UAV-borne aerial imaging was at a similar level to those based on airborne laser scanning data and aerial imagery acquired using purpose-built aerial camera from the same study area..
The asymmetry and frequency characteristics of spontaneous EEG
Carbon balance and component CO2 fluxes in boreal Scots pine stands
Technique : the step by step collection
Simulation modeling of visitor flows : where have we been and where are we going?
A first course in mathematical modeling
The handbook of knowledge-based coaching : what we really do when we coach
Starting up : archieving success with professional business planning
Unmanned aerial system imagery and photogrammetric canopy height data in area-based estimation of forest variables
Essays on expectations and the econometrics of asset pricing
Dynamic probit models and financial variables in recession forecasting
We determined empirical models for estimating total aboveground as well as stem, branches, and foliage dry biomass of young (age up to 16 years) silver birch (Betula pendula Roth.) growing on the post-agricultural lands. Two sets of allometric models for trees with a height below or above 1.3 m (small and large trees respectively) were developed. Simplified models were elaborated based exclusively on appropriate tree diameter (diameter at ground level for small trees, diameter at breast height for large trees), while expanded models also included tree height. Total aboveground biomass was estimated as the sum of biomass of all tree components. To assure additivity of the developed equations, the seemingly unrelated regression approach for the final model fitting was used. Expanded models in both tree groups were characterized by a better fit to the data (R2 for total aboveground biomass for small and large trees equaled 0.8768 and 0.9752, respectively). Diameter at breast height appeared to be a better predictor than diameter at ground level - simplified models had better fit for large trees (R2 for total aboveground biomass equals 0.9611) than for small ones (R2 = 0.7516). The developed equations provide biomass predictions consistent with available Latvian, Estonian, Finnish, Swedish, and Norwegian models for silver birch..
Economic policy under imperfect competition
A heuristic approach to modelling thinnings
Greetings from knit cafe
Modeling expectations with noncausal autoregressions
Synthesis of phase-locked loop : analytical methods and simulation
Modeling and forecasting implied volatility
Service platform implementation for simulation systems
Understanding recreation flow to protect wilderness resources at Joshua Tree National Park, California
The handweaver's pattern directory : over 600 weaves for four-shaft looms
Sensitivity of basal conditions in an inverse model : Vestfonna ice cap, Nordaustlandet/Svalbard
Floral transfers : 405 patterns to embroider or paint
Modeling work on Estonian data indicates that external financing of the private sector has strong impact on domestic demand, which implies that valuable insights may be gained in this case from understanding the behavioral relationships in the monetary sector. The current paper provides a theoretical analysis of the monetary sector under a currency board regime and applies specification tests to Estonian data.As a final product, empirical equations for average lending rate, loans provided to the private sector and money demand are estimated.While estimations herein use monthly data, quarterly modifications of the model will be inserted into Eesti Pank's quarterly macromodel in the future. Key words: currency board, economic modelling, bank lending, capital flows, Estonia .
User guide for PRELES : a simple model for the assessment of gross primary production and water balance of forests
Conceptual foundations of occupational therapy
Shape sensitivity analysis for numerical solution of free boundary problems
Concepts of mathematical modeling
FORVISITS : modelling visitor flows at a regional level
Establishment and height development of harvested and naturally regenerated Scots pine near the timberline in North-East Finnish Lapland
Patchwork and quilting. Book 10 : Kaffe Fassett's country garden quilts
Knowledge, infrastructures and economic structure
Cross stitch : flowers
414 geometric designs and motifs : electronic clip art
Pieced border collection : 50 fabulous pieced borders to complement every quilt
FMS model system : a methodological overview
A vector error correction model for prices, money, output,  and interest rate in Russia
Relationships between climate and winter cereal grain quality in Finland and their potential for forecasting
The principles of pattern : for craftsmen and designers
A system-wide analysis of international consumption patterns
Modelling the growth and properties of stem and wood of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) as related to silvicultural management with implications for sawing yield and properties of sawn pieces
Ab initio models of graphite
Data Analysis Using Regression and Multilevel/Hierarchical Models is a comprehensive manual for the applied researcher who wants to perform data analysis using linear and nonlinear regression and multilevel models. The book introduces a wide variety of models, whilst at the same time instructing the reader in how to fit these models using available software packages. The book illustrates the concepts by working through scores of real data examples that have arisen from the authors' own applied research, with programming codes provided for each one. Topics covered include causal inference, including regression, poststratification, matching, regression discontinuity, and instrumental variables, as well as multilevel logistic regression and missing-data imputation. Practical tips regarding building, fitting, and understanding are provided throughout.
Optimal bioeconomic multispecies fisheries management : a Baltic Sea case study
Computational approaches to biological network inference and modeling in systems biology
A framework for integrating visual quality modelling within an agent-based hiking simulation for the Swiss Alps
Students of coaching and coaches need the proper resources in order to enhance their practice. This handbook is an interdisciplinary collection of coaching theory and practice by over twenty practitioners from across five countries. It provides overview of all the theoretical constructs that are used in current coaching practices, and spans theories ranging from adult psychology to self-help. With summaries of theoretical traditions related to coaching and concrete applications, the book is ideal for coaches who want to better understand their practice, expand their toolkit, and increase their credibility.
Height-diameter models for Scots pine and birch in Finland
Outsourcing and optimal nonlinear taxation : a note
Principles, structure and application of dynamic regional sector model of Finnish agriculture
A piece of the world : A Novel
Application of mathematical modeling for water environment problems
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration. Mineral exploration and mapping within thick glacial overburden, peatlands and different conservation areas is demanding, sensitive and expensive. The best practices for mineral exploration (techniques and concepts) from cost and environmental perspectives have been developed in the project 'Novel technologies for greenfield exploration' funded by Finnish Funding Agency for Innovation (Tekes). Essential exploration techniques include the concurrent use of geological, geochemical and geophysical surveys. These techniques allow the location and thorough investigation of the geological processes responsible for mineral deposits and indications of ore-forming processes, or in suitable conditions, the direct identification of mineral deposits. The efficiency and success of exploration require not only high quality data processing and interpretation, but also the consideration of environmental aspects, which are particularly important in sensitive northern, sub-Arctic areas. The results and methodological advances arising from this project could particularly serve companies and organizations conducting grass root mineral exploration in a regional scale. The techniques can also be adopted in target-scale exploration.
Model prediction of frost tolerance as related to winter survival of wheat in Finnish field trials
An approach to linguistic pattern recognition using fuzzy systems
Synergistic activation of salmon cardiac function by endothelin and -adrenergic stimulation
Spatial growth model for Scots pine on drained peatland
On the information provided by forecasting models*
The spy who came in from the cold
Self-similarity concept in marine system modelling
Modelling biomass of young and dense Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) dominated mixed forests in northern Sweden
Innovative models for funding public sector infrastructure : UK case study
Gulf Stream and ENSO increasing the temperature sensitivity of Atlantic tropical cyclones
Flower designs : 100 new and original hand-drawn copyright-free designs
Nationwide airborne laser scanning based models for volume, biomass and dominant height in Finland
The role of network governance in business model performance
Reconstructing sea level from paleo and projected temperatures 200 to 2100 ad
Landscape ecology and geographic information systems
Foreword  3 Eirik Wærness, Pöyry AS  Energy and the Russian Economy  4 Laura Solanko, BOFIT  Russian Gas - Has the 2009 economic crisis changed Russian gas fundamentals?  9 Daniel Buikema Fjærtoft, Pöyry AS  Economic relations between Finland and Russia  22 Heli Simola, BOFIT  The High North and Russo-Norwegian bilateral economic relations  32 Morten Anker, Pöyry AS  A forecasting model for Russia's economy  42 Jouko Rautava, BOFIT  Reflections on Modeling the Russian Economy  49 Daniel Buikema Fjærtoft, Pöyry AS .
Specific and generic stem biomass and volume models of tree species in a West African tropical semi-deciduous forest
Summary.
Why is it so difficult to uncover the risk-return tradeoff in stock returns?
A bivariate autoregressive probit model : predicting U.S. business cycle and growth rate cycle recessions
The roles of information systems in a value net
On computation in statistical models with a psychophysical application
Anthropogenic forcing dominates sea level rise since 1850
In the calculation of economic aggregates it is often necessary to compute the value of these aggregates in some relevant subgroups as well as for the whole data. A method of calculation is said to be consistent in aggregation if it gives the same result regardless of whether it is applied directly to the whole data or to subaggregates calculated using the same method. The property has been well studied, yet a satisfactory general definition has been lacking. In this paper a definition of consistency in aggregation is given for a general class of aggregation rules. We show that any aggregation method satisfying this definition has a representation based on a commutative semigroup operation. Also, as an application we use algebraic methods to derive certain properties of index numbers satisfying consistency in aggregation. In particular, we show that any such index number formula is in fact a generalized weighted mean.
Simulation model design and execution : building digital worlds
162 traditional and contemporary designs for stained glass projects
A framework for modelling the annual cycle of trees in boreal and temperate regions
The two-sector model of general equilibrium
Spatial models and GIS : new potential and new models
Activity analysis and general equilibrium modelling
What is the present situation of the economy, and in which direction is it heading? What is the present rate of economic growth? National accounts and other economic statistics offer information on the economic situation, but they are published with a considerable delay. Information on the GDP of the present quarter does not arrive until several months later. Even so, many economic decisions require the support of real-time information. Short-term forecast models, so-called nowcasting models, enable evaluation of the state of the economy before official statistics are completed..
Establishing backup routine for test environment
A review of the analytical and numerical modeling of composites
The role of internal and external reference perspectives in efficiency wage models : a note
The school of the FuTure : theoretical and pedagogical approaches for creative and playful learning environments
Elementary mathematical models : order aplenty and a glimpse of chaos
Literary knits : 30 patterns inspired by favorite books
Data analysis using regression and multilevel/hierarchical models
Unprecedented low twentieth century winter sea ice extent in the Western Nordic Seas since A.D. 1200
World parliament – fact or fiction? : on the feasibility of world parliamentary models
A Dynamic forecasting model for the Finnish pulp export price
Methods of mathematical modelling : concepts of computational physics : a textbook in the frame of the National Project "Innovative educational medium in the classic university"
A course in macroeconomic modelling and forecasting
Transfer designs for embroidery
Testing a large-scale forestry scenario model by means of successive inventories on a forest property
Optimal redistributive taxation and provision of public input goods in an economy with outsourcing and unemployment
Optimal economic policy in a small growing two-asset economy
Genetic variability of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) provenances in Spain: growth traits and survival
On the Robustness of cointegration tests when series are fractionally integrated
Predictive data-driven modeling approaches in environmental management decision-making
Timing of fungicide control of Gremmeniella abietina on Scots pine seedlings
Generalized linear model with Pearson System of Distributions
6th OOPSLA Workshop on Domain-Specific Modeling (DSM'06) October 22, 2006, Portland, Oregon, USA
Mathematics inspired by Darwin : adaptive dynamics of dispersal and cooperation
Dropout-based Support Vectors Regularization
Linear models and approximations in personal positioning
The purpose of this thesis was to examine what would be the best combination of techniques to be used as a backup routine in a test environment with a predefined configuration. The study focused on the backup copying techniques, empirically testing of the properties of different techniques and on making conclusions based on the results of the tests. The study was carried out as a commission for a company. The research was carried out by first studying the theory of backup copying from previous researches. The second phase was to perform a series of empirical tests in the test environment setup by the employer. According to the tests, the differential incremental model should be favored over cumulative incremental model when backing up the researched environment. Based on the results differential incremental model with frequent full backups is very well suited for environments where most of the data changes regularly. The study concludes that running differential incremental backups with a reasonable cycle of full backups allows a good performance, efficient usage of storage and fast restores in case of disasters.
Solving recent RBC models using linearization : further reserves
