http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5114 women's organisations
women's organisations
70-vuotisjuhlakirja : Zontakerho Helsinki I = 70-års jubileumsbok : Zontaklubben Helsingfors I = 70th anniversary jubileum book : Zonta Club Helsinki I.
Born out of the optimism of the Paris Peace Conference, the League of Nations, and women's suffrage in Britain and the United States, the International Federation of University Women (IFUW) was founded in 1920 and consciously set out to break the mold of prewar society. To achieve sweeping professional and social change, the IFUW brought together women passionately committed to promoting higher education as a means to achieve international understanding, and launched an international academic women's network to achieve these objectives, weaving together personal friendships and professional contacts across divisions hardened by the unprecedented ordeal of global conflict. At its peak, the IFUW had 24,000 members and had expanded to thirty nations. In this fascinating transnational study, Christine von Oertzen traces the IFUW's rise in the international arena and its eventual decline in the Cold War era, making a valuable contribution to the cultural histories of diplomacy and intellectual exchange
Out of silence : the Woman's guild 1887-1987
Gender politics in Asia : women manoeuvring within dominant gender orders
The women's liberation movement in Russia : feminism, nihilism, and bolshevism, 1860-1930
Revolt, she said
Fascinating articles on a range of issues relating to South Asia, feminisms and women. The contributions interrogate the political, and elucidate women's participation in politics exploring the impact of religion on women's lives and the use of religion and tradition. It investigates the political intersections of feminism, ethics and violence.
Women, clubs and associations in Britain
The Lotta uniform
Abstract.
Report of the ... congress / International Alliance of Women for Suffrage and Equal Citizenship = Rapport de ... congrès / Alliance Internationale pour le Suffrage et l'Action Civique et Politique des Femmes = Bericht des ... Kongresses / Weltbund für Frauenstimmrecht und Staatsbürgerliche Arbeit
Finnish Marthas
"The male absent" : ideals and pictures of reality in an institutional female world during the 20th century
Women, gender and development in the Caribbean : reflections and projections
The English text of the Ancrene Riwle
Women and politics in the USSR : consciousness raising and Soviet women' s groups
Women, sport and physical activity : sharing good practice
Resting homes for the Lottas
The part played by women in the present struggle in Finland : substance of a lecture given January 28th, 1940
The women's movement
Feminism in Russia, 1900-17
Trajectories of three women's groups in urbanizing Senegal : observing social capital and livelihoods in Rufisque
It takes a dream... : the story of Hadassah
A link in the chain : the story of the Irish housewives association 1942-1992
Women's movements and international organizations
Golden cables of sympathy : the transatlantic sources of nineteenth-century feminism
Class & gender in India : women and their organizations in a south Indian city
Why the state : reflections on the politics of the finnish equality movement association 9.
Sport, Peace and Development : International Worker Sport 1913-2013 ; a Festschrift Book in Honour of International Workers and Amateurs in Sports Confederation (CSIT)
Global citizen action
20th International Congress of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom : Tokyo, Japan 11th-15th August 1977.
South Asian Feminisms : Negotiating New Terrains
The Finnish woman
International woman suffrage : Ius suffragii, 1913-1920. Vol. 3, October 1916 - September 1918
"Learn to love your country and its people" : from Lotta ideology to action
Other Kinds of Dreams' provides an invaluable insight into the political activity of black and Asian women in the UK both inside and outside the black and Asian communities. The book breaks new ground by: destroying the misconception that black and Asian women lack political involvement" integrating gender into the study of black and Asian political participation in Britain exploring the potential for alliances between black women and the new progressive 'black man's movement' examining black women activists' perception and experiences of white feminism. 'Other Kinds of Dreams also questions the homogeneity of the term 'black' and asks whether increasing social stratification within black communities undermines this unity.
A journey towards empowerment & the status of single women in Nepal
American Women's Club in Finland 1970-1990
The daughters of charity and moral management in seventeenth-century France : creating conservative catholics, securing survival
Women and ideology in the Soviet Union
The last decade has witnessed the rise of a great number of transnational social movements and activist networks. While many of these movements have been initiated in the North, some are driven by people from the Global South with the aim of addressing various forms of destitution and asserting a variety of basic economic and cultural rights. Such transnational organizing is increasingly evident in Sub-Saharan Africa. Some of these initiatives relate particularly to the growing numbers of people depending on forms of informal work for survival. This edition of Current African Issues looks into the transnationalization of a local association of informal workers as it becomes involved in an international network of grassroots organizations. While this transnational engagement opens up new political possibilities, it also poses new challenges. Participation in international activities is highly unequal and mediated rather than direct, as influential actors engage in practices of gate-keeping that tend to work to the disadvantage of women. Tensions also emerged as a result of the divergent gender ideologies espoused by different participants. The paper draws on various theoretical perspectives on spatial politics in the global age to interrogate the unequal and contested spatialities of this transnational activism. Feminist scholarship sheds further light on the gendering processes at work in the transnationalization of a grassroots association.
International Women's Conference, Bad Reichenhall, Germany, Septembert 25-30, 1950
Feminism, citizenship and the media : an ethnographic study of identity processes within four women's associations
Towards a new democratic order : women's organizing in Sweden in the 1990s
Histories of affiliated national Council : 1888-1938 = Historiques des Conseils Nationaux affiliés : 1888-1938 = Aus der geschichte der angeschlossenen Nationalbünde : 1888-1938
Worldly saints : social interaction of Dominican penitent women in Italy 1200-1500
Marttaliitto : The Finnish Martta Association : origin and present activities
The IAWM journal
Transforming female identities : women's organizational forms in West Africa
The International Woman Suffrage Alliance 4b its history from 1904 to 1929
Women's voluntary associations in Finland during the 1920s and 1930s
Attracting non-Finnish business-oriented young women as members to BPW Helsinki
Race, religion and history in the One-Ireland and partition arguments, 1833-1932
International woman suffrage : Ius suffragii, 1913-1920. Vol. 1, July 1913 - October 1914
The politics of caring and the welfare state : the impact of the women's movement on child care policy in Canada and Finland, 1960-1990
The history of the Lotta insignia and the swastika
International woman suffrage : Ius suffragii, 1913-1920. Vol. 4, October 1918 - September 1920
American Women's Club in Finland : 25th anniversary celebration
Finnish Federation of University Women 1922-1949
40 years of woman suffrage in Finland
This charming man
Report of seventh congress, Budapest, Hungary, June 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 1913
Women for all seasons : the story of the Women's International League of Peace and Freedom
Interim directory of chinese women's organizations
The Nazi organisation of women
The Rise of women's transnational activism : identity and sisterhood between the World Wars
Worlds of women : the making of an international women's movement
Post-war feminism in Finland
Work with girls
The globalization reader
Socialist International Women Bulletin
The Matriarchs of England's Cooperative Movement : a study in Gender Politics and Female Leadership, 1883-1921
Transnational activism networks and gendered gatekeeping : negotiating gender in an African association of informal workers
The organization of women in northern Finland : Lotta Svärd
Russian women and their organizations : gender, discrimination and grassroots women's organizations, 1991-96
Gender and nationalism in Finland : the domestication of the national narrative
Women and the remaking of politics in Southern Africa : negotiating autonomy, incorporation and representation
Lottas in their fields of work
International woman suffrage : Ius suffragii, 1913-1920. Vol. 2, November 1914 - September 1916
the Work of the Norwegian Women's Public Health Association during 25 years : February 26th, 1896 - February 26th, 1921.
Participatory implementation : the gender dimension in the implementation of community-level projects in Ghana
Collection of case studies of single women (widows)
'Other kinds of dreams' : black women's organisations and the politics of transformation
Breaking the Wave : Women, Their Organizations, and Feminism, 1945 - 1985
100 years of women's lives and actions
Managing global genetic resources : forest trees
Social change and economic reform in Africa
The aim of this thesis was to find the appropriate way for BPW Helsinki to attract young foreign business or professional women living in Finland. To achieve this objective, the key research question has been stated as “How could the business-oriented non-Finnish young women get interested in BPW membership?” Various theories of marketing communication by Kotler & Keller; De Pelsmacker, Geuens & Van den Bergh; McDonald & Wilson; Homburg, Kuester & Krohmer have been used to support the empirical part of this research. Besides, a framework has been established based on the marketing communication planning framework of Fill. Only qualitative method has been applied to accomplish the research. The data included six interviews collected through face-to-face contacts and e-mails. This research identified that foreign women do not know anything about BPW Helsinki. Hence, improving communication with the foreign women is the primary objective to attract the potential women to BPW Helsinki. Besides, BPW Helsinki needs to operate new services like career counseling, parenting and Finnish language training. The research revealed that cultural factors would be a pivotal issue while targeting foreign women to become members.
The Lotta Svärd organization
The Internatonal Women's Club of Helsinki : 10th anniversary celebration, February 11th, 1997.
100 years of women's voices and action in Finland
Sister organizations abroad
Feminism and the politics of working women : the Women's Co-operative Guild, 1880s to the Second World War
Korean society : civil society, democracy and the state
Conceptions of gender equality; similarity and difference
Helvi Sipilä : nainen maailman huipulla = woman at the top of the world
Beijing women organizing for change : a new wave of the Chinese women's movement
Teach a woman to fish : overcoming poverty around the globe
Contradictions of the welfare state, women and caring : municipal homemaking in Finland
Learning and living, 1790-1960 : a study in the history of the English adult education movement
Doing things differently : Women's Design Service at 20.
The primary purpose of this doctoral thesis is to investigate the media practices of four Swedish women's associations and some of their individual members in order to gain insight into the role of the media in these women's individual and collective processes of identity formation as feminists and citizens. The studied media practices include first, the individual and collective meaning-making processes in which the women are involved when interpreting the media they use in everyday life, and, secondly, the associations' public-oriented practices, i.e. the production of their own media and their participation in, and interplay with, the mass media in order to diffuse their own meanings. These public-oriented practices have thus far been given scant attention in feminist media research inspired by public sphere theory. This work constitutes an attempt to fill this gap.
Keeping alive the symbol : a case study of the Israeli and Palestinian women of the Jerusalem Link
Science, gender, and internationalism : women's academic networks, 1917-1955
