http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5115 porcelain
porcelain
English version of the original Korean catalog for In blue and white: porcelain of the Joseon dynasty, a special exhibition held at the National Museum of Korea in 2014. --
Fine porcelain & pottery : The best of the world's beautiful china
Porcelain and bone china
Chinese ceramics
Russian applied art : eighteenth to early twentieth century
Concubines and courtesans : women in Chinese erotic art : Ferry M. Bertholet collection
Early Meissen porcelain : a private collection
Royal Copenhagen Porcelain animals and figurines
Adventures in imperial Russian porcelain
English porcelain figures 1744-1848
Collection of 18th century porcelain boxes = Sammlung von Porzellandosen des 18. Jahrhunderts
Dated Qingbai wares of the Song and Yuan dynasties : chief editor Peng Shifan
The pot book
Concise marks & monograms on pottery & porcelain
Decorative arts and architecture of the 1920s : le arti d'oggi
Porcellanous ware - porcellain : remarks concerning some early ceramic wares of China
At home with Wedgwood : the art of the table
The Bulfinch illustrated encyclopedia of antiques
Royal Copenhagen porcelain : animals and figurines
Rosenthal : dining services, figurines, ornaments and art objects
The country life collector's pocket book of china
Hirado : prince of porcelains
The Chinese potter : a practical history of Chinese ceramics
Flora Danica Stellet = The flora Danica service
Gems from pottery and porcelain : selected works of teachers and students of Jindezhen pottery and porcelain institute
Handbook of pottery and porcelain marks
Handbook of pottery and porcelain marks / compiled by J. P. Cushion ; in collaboration with W. B. Honey
World ceramics : an illustrated history from earliest times / ed. by Robert J. Charleston
Techniques of the world's great masters of pottery and ceramics
Derby porcelain 1750-1798
Chinese ceramics in Chinese collections
The book of pottery and porcelain. Vol. 1
Derby porcelain figures 1750-1848
Japanese porcelain
Zhongguo tao ci = Chinese ceramics
Chinese porcelain
A guide to New Hall porcelain patterns
Vincennes and early Sèvres porcelain : from the Belvedere Collection
Painting ceramics : 30 step-by-step decorative projects : how to transform bowls, plates, cups, vases, jars and tiles into exquisite original pieces, with simple techniques and 300 inspirational photographs
Chinese treasures in Istanbul
Directory of European porcelain
Tin-glazed earthenware : from maiolica, faience and delftware to the contemporary
Porcelain of ancient China
The Royal Copenhagen Porcelain Manufactory
Rörstrand : Jugendstil-Porzellan aus Schweden : das weisse Gold des Nordens = Art nouveau porcelain from Sweden : the white gold of the North
Miller's ceramics buyer's guide
Kazari : decoration and display in Japan, 15th-19th centuries
Stoneware & porcelain : the art of high-fired pottery
Time and tide
Kirsti of Old Rauma
This CD-ROM introduces the Topkapi Sarayi collection of Chinese porcelains.
Ceramic faults and their remedies
Collectible cups & saucers ; identification & values. / book IV
An illustrated encyclopedia of British pottery and porcelain
Hebei Sheng bo wu guan wen wu jing pin ji = Treasures from Hebei Provincial Museum
To arrive at a stylistic chronology in the rendering of facial features of people in porcelain decorations, the author has collected and categorized more than 3900 faces of men, women and children in Chinese porcelain decorations, dating from the 16th century until the present day. In this book the author clearly identifies the periods in which different painting styles of the faces occur. The faces are categorized into 29 different categories, all with descriptions and many examples. Facial features such as hairstyles, headgear and specific hair-, ear- and neck adornments are especially highlighted. Each feature is described, dated and represented in diagrams and images to facilitate use and indicate relevance and importance. The book also outlines many examples for determining fakes from authentic pieces.
Old English porcelain
Working with porcelain
English porcelain of the eighteenth century
Belo zlato : porcelan iz zbirke Narodnega muzeja Slovenije = White gold : porcelain from the collection of the National Museum of Slovenia
In blue and white : porcelain of the Joseon dynasty
Teapots : the collector's guide to selecting, displaying and enjoying new and vintage teapots
Slipcasting
Painting on Porcelain in the Oriental Style
Decorating china : 20 practical projects for the home
Circling the square : avant-garde porcelain from revolutionary Russia
The handbook of british pottery and porcelain marks
Sotheby's concise encyclopedia of porcelain
The lyle price quide : China
The old china book, including Staffordshire, Wedgwood, Lustre, and other English pottery and porcelain
Fine porcelain & pottery : the best of the world's beautiful china
Russian porcelains : the collections of Marjorie Merriweather Post, Hillwood, Washington, D.C
Renovating pottery and porcelain
The mosaic book : ideas, projects and techn
China painting projects
A Glaze of color : creating color and design on ceramics
The white road
Old English porcelain : a handbook for collectors
19th century lustre ware
Victorian Staffordshire portrait figures : for the small collector
A-Z of Staffordshire dogs : a potted history
Collector's encyclopedia of Nippon porcelain : identification & values
China for America : export porcelain of the 18th and 19th Centuries
Dating Chinese porcelain from facial features and adornments : a handbook
China mending for beginners : a practical guide
The potter's directory of shape and form
Black basalt : Wegwood and contemporary manufacturers
Christie's pictorial history of Chinese ceramics
Herend : traditional craftsmanship at the turn of the millenium
Old Bow china
Tek Sing treasures
Porcelain : repair and restoration
Tea & taste : the visual language of tea
Brittish pottery and porcelain
Islamic pottery and Italian maiolica : illustrated cataloque of a private collection
English pottery and porcelain
Designer china : hand-painting ceramics to decorate your home
The glittering and colourful opulent wares of the renowned eighteenth-century French royal Sèvres manufactory are prominently displayed in palaces and art galleries throughout the world. By contrast, the comparative delicacy and simplicity of the beautiful wares of the Vincennes porcelain works, out of which the Sèvres factory evolved, remain relatively unkown, even to porcelain experts. This book is based on the Belvedere Collection of Vincennes and early Sèvres porcelain, started 40 years ago with the modest purchase of an early Vincennes cup and saucer, but which has since grown to be one of the world's most comprehensive study collections for the rare early pieces of these two factories.-- from the dust jacket.
Utopias of the everyday : artists and designers experiment with porcelain
The dictionary of blue and white printed pottery 1780-1880. Vol. 2, (Additional entries and supplementary information)
Collection of global industrial design : Book II
An introduction to English pottery
Classical Meissen : information on the activites of the VEB Staatliche Porzellan-Manufaktur Meissen on the occasion of the 275th anniversary of its foundation
The porcelain and faience manufactory in Korzec
Staffordshire portrait figures. J. Hall
Collectors handbook of marks & monograms on pottery & porcelain
On pottery and porcelain
Porcelain through the ages
20th century ceramics
The history of porcelain
Meissner porcelain in colour
The porcelain art of Edward Marshall Boehm
World ceramics : an illustrated history
Creating original porcelain dolls : modelling, molding, and painting
Masterworks of chinese porcelain in the national palace museum
Chinese ceramics are among the most widely admired and collected in the world. From elegant Song celadons to decorative Ming vases and colourful Qing famille rose, ceramics produced in China have influenced taste and daily life globally. This new design history draws on the V&A's comprehensive collection to look at the production, consumption, aesthetics and transfer of Chinese ceramics. Stunning new photography illustrates over 200 pieces, including previously unpublished objects. It also explores ceramics made in the twentieth and twenty-first centuries, from Republican period porcelain to propaganda ware and studio pottery, a first for any survey history of the subject.
Transparency : Jane Reumert, studio ceramist
English pottery figures 1660-1860
European Porcelain : an illustrated history
Chinese export porcelain : standard patterns and forms, 1780 to 1880
The decorative art of limoges : porcelain and boxes
English ceramics 1580-1830 : a commemorative catalogue of ceramics and enamels to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the English Cermic Circle 1927- 1977
Chelsea and Chelsea-Derby china
The book of pottery and porcelain. Vol. 2
Farfor zavoda A. M. Miklaševskogo = Porcelain of the A. M. Miklashevsky factory
European ceramic art from the end of the middle ages to about 1815 : a dictionary of factories, artists, technical terms, et cetera
The art of East Asia
Irit Abba : wheel - period ; [Tel Aviv Museum of Art, Jeanette Asia Gallery 8 July - 11 October 2009]
Porcelain of St Petersburg private factories
A collectorȧs history of english pottery
Repairing pottery and porcelain : a practical guide
Handbook of old pottery & porcelain marks
The practical book of chinaware
Refurbishing antiques
Porcelain marks of the world
Restoring ceramics
The concise encyclopedia of continental pottery and porcelain
Iznik : the artistry of Ottoman ceramics
History of porcelain
