http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5110 containers (tanks)
containers (tanks)
Model course. 1.01, Basic training for oil and chemical tanker cargo operations
Finnish water and its global logistics : a case study on Finland and Somalia
Bacteriological quality of drinking water from refrigerated coolers in a university community
Summary: Acrylonitrile storage tank exploding and catching fire at Kaipiainen, Anjalankoski, Finland, on 13 September 2002.
Model course. 1.02, Advanced training for oil tanker cargo operations
Chemical tanker notes
Crude oil shipping
Chemical/parcel tankers : their gargoes, their desing and their markets
Ocean ships
Tanker handbook for deck officers
Introduction to materials handling
Effects of glacial meltwater on corrosion of copper canisters
Abstract.
Model course 1.04 : specialized training for chemical tankers
Vetting inspections on chemical tankers
Disposal canister for spent nuclear fuel : design report
Gamma and neutron dose rates on the outer surface of the nuclear waste disposal canisters
Design report of the canister for nuclear fuel disposal
Water garden : idea book : ponds & pools, fountains, waterfalls, containers & urns, plants & landscaping
FINNISH WATER AND ITS GLOBAL LOGISTICS: A CASE STUDY ON FINLAND AND SOMALIA
Goal-based ship construction standards for bulk carriers and oil tankers and related guidelines
Rotor pilot project on M/S Estraden of Bore fleet
Production methods and costs of oxygen free copper canisters for nuclear waste disposal
Vaihtokorit = Swap bodies : vaihtosäiliöt = swap tanks : mitat, vaatimukset, testimenetelmät, käyttöehdot = dimensions, requirements, test methods, operation conditions
Foreign ocean tankers
Clean seas guide for oil tankers
Remedial technologies for leaking underground storage tanks
The design analysis of ACP-canister for nuclear waste disposal
Engineering geological experience from unlined excavated oil storage caverns in a precambrian rock mass in the Porvoo area, Southern Finland
Teollisuuseristys = Thermal insulation in process industry
ABC of ocean tankers
A guide to the vetting process
Kuljetettavat kaasusäiliöt = Transportable gas containers. Osa 2, Kaasupullojen käyttäjät = Users of the gas cylinders
Worldscale : a tanker chartering tool
Model course. 1.06, Advanced Training Programme on Liquefied Gas Tanker Operations
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2014 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2014
Design report of the disposal canister for twelve fuel assemblies
Model course. 1.04, Basic training for liquefied gas tanker cargo operations
British ocean tankers : (including international groups with ships under the British flag.)
Abstract: The topic of this thesis is vetting inspections on chemical tankers.  Vetting ships, particularly tankers is nowadays a part of every day life in shipping. The  primary purpose of the vetting is to monitor the safety of the ships. In addition to the  international safety regulations the oil and chemical companies have created a uniform  way to inspect the ships to improve the safe transport of the goods: SIRE and CDI.  Vetting itself means risk assessment.  The SIRE (Ship Inspection Report) system was established by the Oil Companies  International Marine Forum (OCIMF) in 1993 to ensure the safe provision and operation  of tankers. The SIRE system is used by oil tankers, combination carriers, shuttle tankers,  chemical tankers and gas tankers.  At the same time with SIRE, the CDI (Chemical Distribution Institute) was created by the  chemical industry to make similar improvements on the safety and quality performance of  bulk liquid shipping as the SIRE. The CDI system is used by chemical and liquid  petroleum gas (LPG) tankers.  Vetting inspections are only part of the overall screening process. Inspections, both SIRE  and CDI provide information as a database on operation of vessel and effectiveness of  operator's management system as input to vetting assessment.  This thesis' objective is to explain comprehensively about vetting inspections from the  perspective of the crew members, chartering, operator and management. The purpose is  also to describe the physical inspection onboard and the effects of it to the organizations  onshore for the reason that the performance of the vetting inspections is a permanent,  highly relevant part of the job onboard.
In this work a completely new wind assisted propulsion technology for commercial  shipping is introduced. The rotor sail solution by Norsepower Ltd. was installed on M/S  Estraden from Bore Ltd fleet. Rotor sails are essentially improved Flettner - rotors with  full automation. Although the basic principle of Flettner- rotors has been known for a  long time, this was the  rst time that a rotor has been retro tted on to a ship and made  commercially available.  Since the beginning of 2015 the sulphur oxide (SOx) emissions are regulated in the Baltic  Sea, the North Sea and in the English Channel. Instead of the traditional heavy fuel oil  (HFO), existing ships are now forced to use more expensive low - sulphur content HFO, change their engines to work with marine diesel oil (MDO) or to install scrubbers that  eliminate the SOx compounds from the exhaust gas. New builds can be made to work  with environmentally friendly liquid natural gas (LNG).  The bunker costs will rise despite the method applied. Even before, with the traditional,  cheaper HFO, the fuel costs were remarkably high, forcing the ship owners to search for  savings on other operating costs. Thus it is essential to  nd a way to reduce the bunker  costs. Already optimization programs are used to minimize the consumption by calculating  optimal trim, selecting the best route based on weather and currents, adjusting the travel  speed between the way points etc.  With the use of Flettner rotors it is possible to obtain notable savings, up to 8 % per rotor. They are completely independent, almost maintenance free and programmed to  work without manual adjusting or crew members attending. They are fully automated  and no special training or course is required from the user. Also, they can be installed on  board during normal harbour stop without interruption or delays in the normal schedules.  Their payback period is so short, that they can be installed even on older ships.  Some minor alterations have been made on this on-line version. The whole work is available in the SAMK library upon request.
Pots to knit & crochet
Tanker Jetty Safety : management of the ship/shore interface
Market opportunities for Oy-Cont Ltd
Teollisuuseristys = Industrial insulations
Chemical product carries MS Tavi : manual ullage tables for cargo tanks
Guidance manual for the inspection and condition assessment of tanker structures
Marine Terminal Operator Competence and Training Guide
Susceptibility of copper to general and pitting corrosion in saline groundwater
Effective crude oil washing
Quantified frequency of shuttle tanker collision during offtake operations
Bunkers and bunkering
Handbook of industrial mixing : science and practice
Kuljetettavat kaasusäiliöt. Osa 2, Kaasupullojen käyttäjät = Transportable gas containers. Part 2, Users of the gas cylinders
Equipment for deployment of canisters with spent nuclear fuel and bentonite buffer in horizontal holes
Tanker management and self assessment : a best practice guide for vessel operations
Tanker practice : the construction, operation and maintenance of tankers
Supertankers : anatomy and operation
Prediction of Wind and Current Loads on VLCCs
International safety guide for oil tankers & terminals
Ship to ship transfer guide : (liquefied gases)
Redundant machinery for product tanker
An explanation and guideline for pumping calculations
New manufacturing methods for maintenance water tanks and expansion vessels
Vaarallisten aineiden kuljetussäiliöt = Tanks for the transport of dangerous goods. Osa 1, Säiliöt = Tanks
Stainless steels intended for chemical tankers : conditions of approval
Oil transportation in the Gulf of Finland in 2020 and 2030
Tanker safety guide chemicals
The Safety Design Research of a LNG Carrier Vehicle
Anaerobic digestion for the production of biogas and its usage in breweries
Ship to ship transfer guide : (petroleum)
Horizontal deposition of canisters for spent nuclear fuel : summary of the KBS-3H project 2004-2007
Prediction of wind and current loads on VLCCs
Drift characteristics of 50,000 to 70,000 DWT tankers
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2013 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2013
Towards safer ships & cleaner seas : a handbook for modern tankship operations
Marine terminal survey guidelines : chemical, gas and oil terminals
Criticality safety calculations for the nuclear waste disposal canisters
Disabled tankers : report of studies on ship drift and towage
Tank cleaning in the Baltic Sea : assessment of the ecotoxicity of tank cleaning effluents / Milja Honkanen, Jani Häkkinen, Antti Posti
Manufacture of disposal canisters
EB-welding of the copper canister for the nuclear waste disposal : Final report of the development programme 1994-1997
Vessel particulars for Bulk Oil/Chemical Carriers and Gas Carriers
The brittle fracture of metals in the tanks for transport of dangerous goods at low temperatures
