http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5125 output
output
Manual on methods and criteria for harmonized sampling, assessment, monitoring and analysis of the effects of air pollution on forests
Abstract.
Modelling and management of uneven-aged pine forests in Catalonia, North-East Spain
Pollution-induced changes in the primary production of spruce ecosystems in the Kola Peninsula
The effect of terrain on the output in forest transportation of timber
Identification of genes controlling milk production in dairy cattle
Replacing grass silage with pea-barley intercrop silage in the feeding of the dairy cow
Abstract: The development of young Scots pine stands - precommercial and first commercial thinning.
Supply of nutrients and productive responses in dairy cows given diets based on restrictively fermented silage
Increment and yield in mixed stands with Norway spruce in southern Sweden
On forest's yield theory : a lecture given at the Faculty of Agriculture and Forestry, University of Helsinki, 26 August 1981
The effect of repeated fertilizations on volume growth and needle nutrient concentrations of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) on a drained pine mire
Research method and improvement of log rotation in sawmills
A method for using random parameters in analyzing permanent sample plots
The elements of input-output analysis
Input-output techniques : proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Input-Output Techniques, Geneva, January, 1971
Annual primary production and nutrient cycle in some Scots pine stands
Biomass and nutrient dynamics of Scots pine on a drained ombrotrophic bog
Growth and yield tables.
Modelling the growth and yield of larch in Hallormsstaour, Iceland
Boreal and temperate trees in a changing climate : modelling the ecophysiology of seasonality
Factors affecting the productivity of cultivated guayule (Parthenium argentum Gray)
About the milk production of the Estonian cattle breeds
Ecologic-sosioeconomic system analysis and simulation : a guide for application system analysis to the conservation, utilization and development of tropical and subtropical land resources in China
Modeling growth and yield of multipurpose tree species
Managing boreal forests in the context of climate change : impacts, adaptation and climate change mitigation
Systems engineering simplified
2000 input-output tables for Japan
Development of European forests until 2050 : a projection of forest resources and forest management in thirty countries
Impacts of regional climate change on Swedish forests : an evaluation using process-based regional ecosystem modelling approach
Development of the production and biomass structure of Scots pine : effects of competition, tree age and site fertility
Impacts of different thinning regimes in the yield of uneven-structured Scots pine stands on drained peatland
Physiological ecology of forest production : principles, processes and models
Ecology of woodlands and forests : description, dynamics and diversity
Tuotostarkkailun tulokset : maitotilaneuvonta 1995 = Resultat från kokontrollen i Finland 1995 = Results of the milk recording in Finland 1995.
Wood biomass production potential on agricultural lands in Northern Europe : achieving the goals of energy policy
Growth and yield models in simulation: some historical perspectives
Return characteristics of Finnish private equity
Effects of forest management and climate change on energy biomass and timber production with implications for carbon stocks and net CO2 exchange in boreal forest ecosystems
The effect on stand development of different spacing after planting and precommercial thinning in Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) stands
The determinants of stock returns in the Nordic countries, 1995-2004
The Finnish sugar sector and its multiplier effects
A growth and yield prediction model of Pinus kesiya (Royle ex gordon) in Zambia
Volume production in different silvicultural systems for 85 years in a mixed Picea abies-Pinus sylvestris forest in central Sweden.
Analysis of growth and yield of Pinus sylvestris L. and Picea abies (L.) Kars. in Finland, Lithuania and Spain using two different models
Forestry futures : proceedings of Midwestern forest mensurationists, great lakes forest growth and yield cooperative, and the Forestry Canada modeling working group joint workshop Sault Ste. Marie Ontario August 20-23, 1991
Effects of and interactions between the extent of silage fermentation and protein and protein supplementation in lactating dairy cows
Detection of bias in animal model pedigree indices of heifers
Input-output analysis and the structure of income distribution
Summary in English.
Effects of physical treatment of barley and rapeseed meal in dairy cows given grass silage-based diets
The most similar neighbour reference in the yield prediction of Pinus kesiya stands in Zambia
The effect of thinnings on the yield of pine and birch stands
Timing and intensity of precommercial thinning and their effects on the first commercial thinning in Scots pine stands
Abstract (s. 3).
Biomass and nutrient dynamics of scots pine on a drained ombrotrophic bog
Input-output analysis : current developments
Modelling cowberry (Vaccinium vitis-idaea) and bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus) yields from mineral soils and peatlands on the basis of visual field estimates
Long-term effects of precommercial thinning on the stem dimensions, form and branch characteristics of red spruce and balsam fir crop trees in Maine, USA
Comparison of part-time grazing and indoor silage feeding on milk production
Concentrate feeding and milk yield based on field data of milk recorded herds
Effects of restriction of silage fermentation with formic acid on milk production
Effect of concentrate feeding strategy on the performance of dairy cows fed total mixed rations
Selection of species and clones for biomass willow forestry in Finland
Effects of feeding frequency on the performance and welfare of mature Hereford cows and their progeny
Economics of forest uses in Finnish Lapland
How to support volunteers in multicultural context? : guidebook for volunteers in international evangelical church
Estimation of genetic parameters for test-day milk production at different stages of lactation of Finnish Ayrshire heifers
Effects of seed origin latitude on the timing of height growth cessation and field performance of silver birch
Biomass production and control of nutrient leaching of willows using different planting methods with special emphasis on an appraisal of the electrical impedance for roots
The ecology of mixed-species stands of trees
Advances in input-output analysis : proceedings of the Sixth International Conference on Input-Output Techniques, Vienna, April 22-26, 1974
Elevated carbon dioxide : impacts on soil and plant water relations
Growth and yield tables for Eucalyptus camaldulensis in Thailand
Growth and yield functions and tables for Eucalyptus grandis in Zambia
Effects of gradual replacement of rapeseed cake with linseed cake in a grass silage-based diet for dairy cows
The estimation of capital coefficients in dynamic input-output models
Economic structure and maturity : collected papers in input-output modelling and applications
Condition, growth, and projected yield of lodgepole pine and interior spruce 20 years after rehabilitation of an understocked site in north-central British Columbia : the Stony Lake trial
Gaining the edge in ruminant production : nutritional strategies for optimal productivity and efficiency
Effects of forest management on sustainability of integrated timber and energy wood production : scenario analysis based on ecosystem model simulations
Multiaged silviculture : managing for complex forest stand structures
Milk production from silage : comparison of grass, legume and maize silages and their mixtures
Studies on monthly and cumulative monthly milk yield records
Simulating regional economic development : an interindustry analysis of West Virginia economy
Empirical prediction models for Vaccinium myrtillus and V. vitis-idaea berry yields in North Carelia, Finland
Growth and yield of willow stands in relation to climate and nutrition
Influence of the alkalinity in polysulphide pretreatment on results of cooking with normal liquor-to-wood ratios
Envisioning landscapes, making worlds : geography and the humanities
The connection between on-farm assessed welfare (A-index) and production parameters of the sows
Input-output analysis : foundations and extensions
The top ten factors in kraft pulp yield
Labour productivity growth and industry structure : the impact of industry structure on productivity growth, export prices and labour compensation
Tuotostarkkailun tulokset : maitotilaneuvonta 1996 = Resultat från kontrollen i Finland 1996 = Results of the milk recording in Finland 1996.
Fertilization and thinning effects on Douglas-fir ecosystem at Shawnigan Lake : 32-year growth response
Forest growth and yield modeling
An overview of silage research in Finland : from ensiling innovation to advances in dairy cow feeding
The high rates of rumen fermentation, physical breakdown and passage rates from the rumen of legume silages lead to higher intakes than for grass silages of comparable digestibility. Although total tract digestibilities for legume silages and maize silages are often lower than for grass silages, milk yields are usually higher. A further benefit of legumes and maize is the reduced rate of decline in digestibility. Legume silages often lead to a reduction in milk fat concentration and increased levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids, 18:2 n-6 and 18:3 n-3. This latter effect is related to reduced rumen biohydrogenation as a consequence of increased rumen passage rates or the effects of polyphenol oxidase. There is quite a wide range of maturities (300 - 350 g kg-1 DM) that leads to maximum dry matter intakes and milk production from maize silage; milk production is reduced with immature or over-mature maize crops. Forage chop length exerts a number of effects, both in the silo and in the rumen, but effects on rumen function, feed intake and milk production have been inconsistent. The high protein content and high N degradability of most legume silages is associated with a low efficiency of converting dietary N into milk N, with a concomitant increase in urine N. Reducing N intake by inclusion of maize silage in mixtures with legume silages leads to a marked reduction in urine N without loss of production potential. It is predicted, on the basis of their chemical composition and rumen kinetics, that legume silages and maize silages would reduce methane production relative to grass silage, though in vivo measurements are lacking. Extensive fermentation in the silo reduces the amount of fermentable substrate, and reduced methane production in comparison with grass silage where fermentation had been restricted by high levels of acid additive.
Microbial protein synthesis, digestion and lactation responses of cows to grass or grass-red clover silage diet supplemented with barley or oats
Inside information and market efficiency : an event study of insider trading on the Finnish securities market
Site index model approach for drained peatland forest stands
Input-output economics
The growht and yield of Acacia mangium at young age in a plantation in Thailand
Summary.
Methods for preparing yield tables
This book provides an overview of how boreal and temperate tree species have adapted their annual cycle of development to the seasonally varying climatic conditions of the zone. The frost hardy dormant phase and the susceptible growth phase are synchronised with the seasonality of the climate. The volume discusses the annual cycle, including various attributes such as the timing of bud burst and other phenological events and the seasonality of photosynthetic capacity or the frost hardiness of the trees. During the last few decades, dynamic ecophysiological models have been increasingly used in studies of the annual cycle, particularly for projecting the ecological effects of climate change. The main emphasis in this volume is on combining the modelling approach with experimental studies and pursuing biological realism in the models.
Analysis of growth and yield of Pinus sylvestris L. and  Picea abies (L.) Kars. in Finland, Lithuania and Spain using two different models
Gaining the edge in pork and poultry production : enhancing efficiency, quality and safety
Forest dynamics, growth and yield : from measurement to model
The growht [p.o. growth] and yield of Acacia mangium at young age in a plantation in Thailand
Seed transfers of silver birch (Betula pendula) from the Baltic to Finland : effect on growth and stem quality
Studies on the volume and yield of tropical forest stands : 1. Dry forest informations
Advances in input-output analysis : technology, planning, and development
Input-output analysis in developing countries : sources, methods and applications
"Completely updated and expanded new edition of this widely cited book, Modelling Forest Growth and Yield, 2nd Edition synthesizes current scientific literature, provides insights in how models are constructed, gives suggestions for future developments, and outlines keys for successful implementation of models. The book describes current modeling approaches for predicting forest growth and yield and explores the components that comprise the various modeling approaches. It provides the reader with the tools for evaluating and calibrating growth and yield models and outlines the steps necessary for developing a forest growth and yield model".
Growth of Pinus sylvestris after the application of wood ash or P and K fertilizer to a peatland in southern Sweden
Preparation of growth and yield tables
Modelling mean above and below ground litter production based on yield tables
Sward and milk production response to early turnout of dairy cows to pasture in Finland
Because of the climatic conditions, the Finnish milk production research has focused to improve the utilisation of grassland, mainly as conserved forages. The main research areas have been ensiling, evaluation of the forage feeding value, predicting nutrient supply from grass silage-based diet and the effects of forage quality and concentrate supplementation on milk production responses. Due to changes in ensiling technologies and variety of forage crops new silage additives have been adopted. A centralized system for the analysis of forage energy value is based on NIRS calibration. It was calibrated against in vitro pepsin-cellulase solubility method that was validated against in vivo digestibility. The concentration of indigestible neutral detergent fibre was found to be a useful parameter both in empirical models predicting forage digestibility and mechanistic rumen models predicting the amounts of absorbed nutrients. Models predicting relative intake potential of forages and total diet were developed, and an intake model combining animal and diet effects independently of each other was developed. Using meta-analysis approaches a nutrient response model was developed for dairy cows for milk, energy corrected milk and protein yield.  Feed evaluation, intake and nutrient response models form now the basis of practical Finnish ration formulation system that can optimize diets according to maximum income over feed cost in addition to minimum feed cost.
Introduction to input-output economics
Fertility in the high producing dairy cow
Input-efficiency of fishing cod in the Baltic Sea : comparing major EU trawler fleets
Forest inventory, growth and yield studies in Nigeria
Effect of waterlogging on boreal forest tree seedlings during dormancy and early growing season
