http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5127 beverages
beverages
FINNISH WATER AND ITS GLOBAL LOGISTICS: A CASE STUDY ON FINLAND AND SOMALIA
The world atlas of coffee : from beans to brewing - coffees explored, explained and enjoyd
[sup 238]U-series radionuclides in Finnish groundwater-based drinking water and effective doses
Chemistry and technology of soft drinks and fruit juices
Making wines, liqueurs & cordials : 101 delicious recipes using natural ingredients
Marketing research for Coca-Cola Thailand Limited : implementation of Fanta Free in Thailand
Food marketing to children and youth : threat or opportunity?
The Ultimate Bar Book
Exporting Long Drink to Vietnam :
case: A Finnish Brewery
Microbially available phosphorus in drinking water
Complete IPA : the guide to your favorite craft beer
The wines of Central and South-Eastern Europe
Betty Crocker christmas treats : Wiley selects
The tea book
A la carte : the food and wine magazine
The bloody mary : a conoisseur's guide to the world's most complex cocktail
Coffee basics : a quick and easy guide
Smooth & juicy : healthy juices, creamy smoothies and sinful shakes
Wine & spirit international
Food sake Tokyo : a terroir guide
Beer : a connoisseur's guide to the world's best
"A "beer lover's guide, including more than 100 types to know, arranged style by style"--Jacket.
Afternoon tea : a timeless tradition
German wines and vines
Christie's world encyclopedia of champagne & sparkling wine
Microbial communities in drinking water systems analysed by lipid biomarkers
Juices & smoothies
Natural Organic Matter in Water : Characterization and Treatment Methods
MARKET OPPORTUNITIES FOR WATER TREATMENT CHEMICALS IN THE  NIGERIA MARKET,CASE: : Kemira
Schweppes : the first 200 years
Foundations of menu planning
Helen McGinn's teetotal tipples for january and beyond
The book of Christmas foods
WHO expert committee on problems related to alcohol consumption : second report
Detrimental effects of energy drink consumption on adolescents
Rotavirus in drinking water : molecular methods for measurement of infectivity
Diet, body adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in a population sample of primary school children
Wine : the vine, and the cellar
A wine tour of France : a convivial wine guide & travel guide to French vintages & vineyards
Rose hips and sea buckthorn berries contain high amounts of beneficial bioactive compounds. In this study the content and stability of natural vitamins and antioxidants were investigated in two fruit beverages made from rose hip powder, sea buckthorn berry purée and white grape juice concentrate, and wheat germ oil in one of the beverages. Beverages were formulated, pasteurised and filled aseptically in Tetra Brik packages and stored up to 35 days at 4 °C or 22 °C. Samples were analysed for the content of ascorbic acid, carotenoids, major phenolics, tocochromanols, total phenols and total antioxidant capacity as ferric reducing ability. The largest changes occurred during the first 5 days of storage, thereafter mainly ascorbic acid decreased. In the wheat germ oil supplemented beverage, α-tocopherol was more rapidly degraded. Negative correlations between the decrease of some carotenoids and tocochromanols, and the increase of some phenolics, suggest relationships of redox reactions specific to the amount of oil supplemented. From the present study we can conclude that additions of oil to beverages should be carefully selected to avoid oxidations of bioactive compounds. Furthermore, packaging of the beverages should be carried out at higher temperatures and thereafter it should be stored at low temperatures (4 °C), which decreased oxidation of all bioactive compounds except ascorbic acid..
Hugh Johnson's pocket wine book 2014
Last call at the nightshade lounge : A Novel
Table wines : the technology of their production in California
Providing inexpensive drinking water treatment solutions for developing countries - a case study on Luanda, Angola
Improving Sales Promotion of a Beverage Company in Nigeria
Alcohol use among international students in Lapland
Hangover cures
Food & wine : Espoo
Last call at The Nightshade Lounge : a novel of magic and mixology
Caffe Italia : indulge in Italian coffee culture at home with over 30 delicious recipes
The connoisseur's guide to coffee : discover the world's most exquisite coffee beans
Planning and control for food and beverage operations
The new New York bartender's guide
The handbook of organic and fair trade food marketing
Green juice book : over 50 nutrition-packed all-green blends, with every recipe photographed
The pocket book of wine
Juiceman
Drinking water quality and network materials in Finland : summary report
The wines of Burgundy
The Savoy cocktail book
"Be your own kitchen doctor! Adriana Ayales grew up near the rainforest, where her grandmother set her on the path to herbal healing. Now she runs one of Brooklyn’s most popular juice bars--and she's also deeply knowledgeable about the rainforest's fruits, botanicals, and other exotic ingredients. With this guide she passes on her knowledge of ethnobotanical customs, soul cleansing, and therapeutic cooking.  Ayales explores the role of superfoods and superherbs and presents traditional recipes that embody ancient ways--including medicinal juicing for relaxation and rejuvenation, next-level cleansing, and infusions and teas to nourish body and soul. Enjoy a Cacao & Reishi Energy Elixir, make herbal extracts, learn cold-pressing techniques, and whip up a headache cure. These special, sometimes sacred formulas will help empower your life with vibrant creativity,"--Amazon.com.
The importance of staging a tourism experience
Cloud tea monkeys
Good spirits : alcohol-free drinks for all occasions
In a glass lightly
Know your wines
Wines great and small
Shrubs : an old-fashioned drink for modern times
How to make your own drinks
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the Levantine Middle East
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
The mocktail manual : over 90 delicious non-alcoholic drinks
Edible DIY : simple, giftable recipes to savor and share
Rural methods to mitigate arsenic contaminated water
Lemons : growing, cooking, crafting
Casual entertaining : cook book
The California health bar drink guide
Detox drinks with juice fasting detoxification & fat burning smoothies : 30 fat burning & detoxification recipes & superfoods like vitality boosting beet juice, apple cider vinegar, wheatgrass, coconut water, ginger root, kefir, cacao, beta carotene & more
The world of wines
Star cocktails : classic drinks from classic movies
Dog treats : the barktender's guide to easy homemade dogtails and muttinis
Dali : the wines of Gala
Multisensory flavor perception : from fundamental neuroscience through to the marketplace
Brew : the foolproof guide to making world-class beer at home
Geochemistry and water quality of Lake Qarun, Egypt
The wines and wine gardens of Austria
Managing beverage service
Party food
The spirit of grand cuisine
The bartender's book
Cocktails and mixed drinks
The pyromaniac's cookbook : the best in flaming food and drink
The Juice lady's big book of juices and green smoothies: more than 400 simple, delicious recipes!
Heart of the artichoke and other kitchen journeys
Alcohol consumption, atherosclerosis and stroke : epidemiologic follow-up study in middle-aged Finnish men
Eat your drink : culinary cocktails
Pop : truth and power at the Coca-Cola company
Tea : ceremony and culture and all that goes with it
A passion for chocolate
Marketing Strategy in Terms of Promotion and Communication for Energy Drinks in Ghana. Case Company: Sinebrychoff Brewery.
Consumer Behaviour on Soft-drink Consumption in Mekong Delta Vietnam : a Case Study of Coca-Cola Beverages Vietnam Ltd
Atlas of wine
The art of good living
Fabulous French fruit cuisine : gourmet French fruit recipes from a master chef
Super Juice Me! : 28-Day Juice Plan
Finnish customers'beverage choice and the potential of Vietnamese wine in Finland
Japanese cocktails
New and classic cocktails without alcohol
Tea with Jane Austen
The chemistry of beer
Absinthe Cocktails : 50 ways to mix with the Green Fairy
A history of the world in six glasses
A bluffer's guide to bubbly [champagne]
The world of fine wine
Appetite control : the role of food composition and structure
The beer bible
The roadside tavern
Environmental Sustainability of Water Supply Systems Implemented at RWSSP-WN
Easy juicing : the best 100 juices, crushes, smoothies, coolers and quenchers
Pro-oxidant activity of vitamin C in drinking water : role of copper, iron and bicarbonate
Comparative analysis of Finnish and Russian regulating documents on water supply and drainage of residential buildings
Cooking with flowers
Healthy drinks : Kathryn Hawkins
Guide to the wines of Bordeaux
Informal social control of drinking : Finland in the light of international comparison
Carbonated soft drinks : formulation and manufacture
Buffets and receptions
The New York bartender's guide
Deliciously Ella : smoothies & juices
The plain man's guide to wine
Alcohol sales experiment in rural Finland
Claret  : and the white wines of Bordeaux
The wine of the Douro
Abstract. - Sammandrag.
The bartender's guide to mixing 600 cocktails & drinks : everything from the Singapore Sling and the Cosmopolitan to the Manhattan and the classic Martini, shown in more than 800 stunning step-by-step photographs
The Pan book of wine : articles selected from House & Garden
Shakes, sodas & smoothies
Healing tonics : next-level juices, smoothies, and elixers for health and wellness
Oz Clarke's pocket wine book 2007.
Quantity food purchasing
The wines of California
The alkaline cleanse : a seven-day detox
Effect of storage time and temperature on stability of bioactive compounds in aseptically packed beverages prepared from rose hips and sea buckthorn berries
The fair lady cookbook
Drinks international
The first book of wine
Celebrate : a year of British festivities for families and friends
Smoothies & juices : delicious drinks, blends, tonis, shakes and floats
A social history of tea
California wines : how to enjoy them
Tea : discovering, exploring, enjoying
Smart drinks : alcohol-free natural beverages
This work discusses healthy versus unhealthy alcohol consumption, describes the health benefits of consuming alcohol in moderation, and explains how alcohol influences the brain and body. Scientific research has clearly established that drinking in moderation has many health benefits, including maintaining a healthy heart. Yet, many people do not know that drinking red wine protects the heart more than white wine, while beer, margaritas, and hard liquor are less effective in providing such protection. And while alcoholism is a serious problem requiring medical and psychological treatment, for those who are not addicted, drinking alcohol is not necessarily a bad habit. The problem is to distinguish between drinking sensibly and drinking insensibly. The author clearly outlines what constitutes healthy drinking and its attendant health benefits, offers advice on how to drink responsibly, and provides insight into just how alcohol works on the brain and the body. Questions this book addresses include:  What constitutes a safe drinking and what is excessive drinking; Understand how much drinking is safe before driving home; Why red wine is superior to other alcoholic beverages for protecting heart; Why underage drinking can cause severe brain damage; Why drinking during pregnancy is dangerous; Why heavy drinking can cause severe liver disease.  After reading this book, readers will enjoy their next drink with a fuller and safer understanding of why they're enjoying it.
Maximizing Export Performance of Alcoholic Beverages in Ghana Through Packaging.  : Case: Kasapreko Company Limited and Gihoc Distilleries Company Limited
Large waterborne epidemic in Pirkanmaa, Finland 2007 : Study on disease burden, health consequences and health-economic costs
Chocolate lover's cookbook
The cook's practical encyclopedia of spirits & liqueurs : a definitive guide to alcohol-based drinks and how to cook with them
The pocket guide to non-alcoholic drinks
Wild sweets chocolate : savory, sweet, bites, drinks
Dictionary of wines and spirits
Michael Jackson's beer companion
The spirit of White Horse
Cocktail culture in Shanghai : prospects for beverage manufacturers
Vintagewise : a postscript to Saintsbury's notes on a cellar book
Global status report on alcohol and health
A simple shrub is made from fruit, sugar, and ... vinegar? Raise your glass to a surprising new taste sensation for cocktails and sophisticated sodas: Shrubs. Not the kind that grow in the ground, but a vintage drink mixer that will knock your socks off. "Mixologists across the country are reaching back through the centuries to reclaim vinegar's more palatable past...embracing it as 'the other acid,' an alternative to the same-old-same-old lemons and limes," said the New York Times. The history of shrubs, as revealed here, is as fascinating as the drinks are refreshing. These sharp and tangy infusions are simple to make and use, as you'll discover with these recipes. Mix up some Red Currant Shrub for a Vermouth Cassis, or Apple Cinnamon Shrub to mix with seltzer, or develop your own with Michael Dietsch's directions and step-by-step photographs.
Bacchus & Comus : wines & gastronomy. Vol. 1
Finnish cookery
Wine aristocracy : a guide to the best wines of the world
"A lively, historically informed, and definitive guide to classic American cocktails. Cocktail writer and historian David Wondrich presents the colorful, little-known history of classic American drinks--and the ultimate mixologist's guide--in this engaging homage to Jerry Thomas, father of the American bar. Wondrich reveals never-before-published details and stories about this larger-than-life nineteenth-century figure, along with definitive recipes for 100 punches, cocktails, sours, fizzes, toddies, slings, and other essential drinks, plus twenty new recipes from today's top mixologists, created exclusively for this book. This colorful and good-humored volume is a must-read for anyone who appreciates the timeless appeal of a well-made drink--and the uniquely American history behind it"--Publisher description.
Mary Jane's hash brownies, hot pot and other marijuana munchies : 30 delectable ways with weed
The book of matcha : a superhero tea - what it is, how to drink it, recipes and lots more
Spirits and liqueurs
Removal of micro-pollutants from drinking water with advanced oxidation processes
The beer hunter : the complete interactive guide to the beer renaissance : field guide
Barman's handbook
Approximately 77 percent of the freshwater used in the United States comes from surface-water sources and is subject to natural organic matter contamination according to the United States Geological Survey. This presents a distinct challenge to water treatment engineers. An essential resource to the latest breakthroughs in the characterization, treatment and removal of natural organic matter (NOM) from drinking water, Natural Organic Matter in Waters: Characterization and Treatment Methods focuses on advance filtration and treatment options, and processes for reducing disinfection byproducts. Based on the authors years of research and field experience, this book begins with the characterization of NOM including: general parameters, isolation and concentration, fractionation, composition and structural analysis and biological testing. This is followed by removal methods such as inorganic coagulants, polyelectrolytes and composite coagulants. Electrochemical and membranes removal methods such as: electrocoagulation, electrochemical oxidation, microfiltration and ultrafiltration, nanofiltration and membrane fouling.
The little book of coffee
Wines of the world
Party! : how to organise a brilliant bash : the essential guide
The Dead Rabbit : grocery and grog : drinks manual : secret recipes and barroom tales from two Belfast boys who conquered the cocktail world
Imbibe! : from absinthe cocktail to whiskey smash, a salute in stories and drinks to "Professor" Jerry Thomas, pioneer of the American bar
300 chocolate & coffee recipes : delicious, easy-to-make recipes for total indulgence, from bakes to desserts, shown step by step in more than 1300 glorious photographs
Understanding wine technology : a book for the non-scientist that explains the science of winemaking
Water crisis in developing countries : case study on Kenya
Healthy juices for healthy kids : over 70 juice and smoothie recipes for kids of all ages
The modern cafe
True blood : eats, drinks, and bites from Bon Temps
Marketing suggestions for YING KE SONG
The champagne companion : the authoritative connoisseur's guide
A wine primer
Sherry
Princess party cookbook : over 100 delicious recipes and fun ideas
The science of drinking : how alcohol affects your body and mind
The story of Ty-Phoo
Food and beverage management : for the hospitality, tourism and event industries
The cranberry cookbook
Natural red wines : with report on the red wines of America by Frank Schoonmaker
The perfect Christmas
Caviare and after : the truth about luxury food
The owners of The Dead Rabbit Grocery and Grog share recipes for their signature cocktails and drinks, including peach blow fizz, hot whiskey toddy, and scotch daisy.
The Good Housekeeping step-by-step cook book
The environmental impact caused by the increasing demand for water. Water and resource management : a case study in Ethiopia
Tea
The food safety information handbook
