http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5122 trench warfare
trench warfare
Cynthia Enloe's riveting new book looks at the end of the Cold War and places women at the center of international politics. Focusing on the relationship between the politics of sexuality and the politics of militarism, Enloe charts the changing definitions of gender roles, sexuality, and militarism at the end of the twentieth century. In the gray dawn of this new era, Enloe finds that the politics of sexuality have already shifted irrevocably. Women glimpse the possibilities of democratization and demilitarization within what is still a largely patriarchal world. New opportunities for greater freedom are seen in emerging social movements - gays fighting for their place in the American military, Filipina servants rallying for their rights in Saudi Arabia, Danish women organizing against the European Community's Maastricht treaty. Enloe also documents the ongoing assaults against women as newly emerging nationalist movements serve to reestablish the privileges of masculinity. The voices of real women are heard in this book. They reach across cultures, showing the interconnections between military networks, jobs, domestic life, and international politics. The Morning After will spark new ways of thinking about the complexities of the post-Cold War period, and it will bring contemporary sexual politics into the clear light of day as no other book has done.
Feminism and war : confronting U.S. imperialism
The royalist
In the future the afterlife will be digitised. Return to the world of Station in the sequel to the acclaimed Crashing Heaven. On Station the dead live on, haunting the living as Fetches; digital ghosts drawn from the downloaded memories of the deceased. And hell is a series of hard drives where those who cannot haunt are stored. But now one woman must journey into the hard drives to solve a murder. Even as the gods of Station face the dawn of a new age. Mixing classic cyberpunk tropes with a fresh take on how we will live in a virtually enhanced reality, worshipping corporations who have become gods, Al Roberston has established himself as a thoughtful and skilled writer of vastly intelligent, gripping SF thrillers.
A watermelon, a fish and a bible
Charley's war [Vol V]: Return to the front
Charley's war [Vol VI]: Underground and over the top
Sexism and the war system
Prospects for sustainable return : Iraqi and Afghan asylum seekers in Finland
Women and war in the twentieth century : enlisted with or without consent
Torture team : deception, cruelty and the compromise of law
Looking at the stars
Gender and war in twentieth-century Eastern Europe
Mama Koko and the hundred gunmen : one ordinary family's extraordinary tale of love, loss, and survival in Congo
Eve : True stories
Charley's war [Vol II]: 1 august 1916 - 17 october 1916
Charley's war [Vol IV]: Blue's story
Women soldiers : images and realities
For the love of a son
Childhood under conflict : the attitudes and emotional life of Israeli and Palestinian children
Hollywood's wartime woman : representation and ideology
The author challenges many feminist orthodoxies - on female sexuality, pornography, war and peace, psychanalysis and sociobiology. She argues against the exponents - such as Mary Daly, Andrea Dworkin and Dale Spender - of apocalyptic feminism, which says that men wield power over women through terror, greed and violence and that only women, because of their essentially greater humanity can save the world from social, ecological and nuclear disaster. Segal urges that to base the politics of feminism on innate and essential differences between men and women is mistaken, dangerous, and basically a counsel of despair, since its logical conclusion is that nothing can change. Things emphatically have changed for women, she asserts, and we must build on these changes, combining autonomy with alliances to alter power relations and forge a new future for both women and men.
Frontline feminisms : women, war and resistance
Childhood stolen : grave human rights violations against children
Dixie Chicks : shut up & sing
Reconceiving reality : women and international law
Singled out : how two million women survived without men after the first world war
Civilization without sexes : reconstructing gender in postwar France, 1917-1927
Broadcasting freedom : the Cold War triumph of Radio Free Europe and Radio Liberty
Charley's war [Vol X]: The end
Islam : a very short introduction
Genocide lives in us : women, memory, and silence in Rwanda
Women, war peace : the independent experts' assessment on the impact of armed conflict on women and women's role in peace building
The morning after : sexual politics at the end of the Cold War
Sharia law for the non-muslim
The fifties : portrait of an age
Ending Obama's war : responsible military withdrawal from Afghanistan
Children of World War II : the hidden enemy legacy
Sex and international tribunals : the erasure of gender from the war narrative
What effect did the two world wars have on the relations between women and men? Drawing on broad comparative material-from government policy to popular media, poetry and fiction, and personal letters-this book examines the redefinition of gender that occurred in many Western countries during both world wars. "A major addition to the literature on gender relations and war."-Helena Lewis, Women's Review of Books "One of the first, and certainly the most exciting, treatments of war as an event of gender politics."-Choice "A substantial contribution to the social history of this century."-Anne Summers, Times Literary Supplement "These essays powerfully demonstrate how much the world wars provided battlegrounds not only for nations but for the sexes."-Michael S. Sherry, Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science "A work of lively, engaged scholarship.... This is an important contribution to current debates about war and human identity, war and political reality, war and transformative possibility."-Jean Bethke Elshtain « Vähemmän
Little women
Persian mirrors : the elusive face of Iran
The author argues that the Japanese may use the devastating March 2011 earthquake and tsunami, and consequent terrifying meltdown at the nuclear complex at Fukushima, to stimulate their economy and turn it into a mature economy, comfortable in itself, with satisfactory growth and a senior and respected seat in the global parliament.
Child soldiers : from violence to protection
"Frontline Feminisms offers the greatest diversity of authors (e.g., scholars, activists, artists, resistance fighters, community organizers, and union leaders) and the widest range of discussions regarding violence (e.g., police brutality, abuse in prisons, 'domestic violence,' war and armed conflict, militarized sexual violence, as well as economic and racial violence)." -- Signs
Waking hell
Women in distress : self-understanding among 20th-century Finnish rural women
The radical motherhood : Namibian women's independence struggle
All my sisters
Birdsong
Maneuvers : the international politics of militarizing women's lives
The aftermath : women in post-war transformation
Sexuality and war : literary masks of the Middle East
Problems in African history : the precolonial centuries
Making gender, making war : violence, military and peacekeeping practices
Through the eyes of innocents : children witness World War II
Women and the military system : proceedings of a symposium arranged by the International Peace Bureau and Peace Union of Finland
The politics of gender and reconstruction in Afghanistan
The siege of Leningrad, 1941-1944 : 900 days of terror
Behind the lines : gender and the two World Wars
State of the world's mothers 2003 : protecting women and children in war and conflict
Dignity and honour of women as basic and fundamental human rights
Home/front : the military, war, and gender in twentieth-century Germany
Maneuvers takes readers on a global tour of the sprawling process called "militarization." With her incisive verve and moxie, eminent feminist Cynthia Enloe shows that the people who become militarized are not just the obvious ones - executives and factory floor workers who make fighter planes, land mines, and intercontinental missiles. They are also the employees of food companies, toy companies, clothing companies, film studios, stock brokerages, and advertising agencies. Militarization is never gender-neutral, Enloe claims: It is a personal and political transformation that relies on ideas about femininity and masculinity. Films that equate action with war, condoms that are designed with a camouflage pattern, fashions that celebrate brass buttons and epaulettes, tomato soup that contains pasta shaped like Star Wars weapons - all of these contribute to militaristic values that mold our culture in both war and peace. Presenting new and groundbreaking material that builds on Enloe's acclaimed work in Does Khaki Become You? and Bananas, Beaches, and Bases, Maneuvers takes an international look at the politics of masculinity, nationalism, and globalization. Enloe ranges widely from Japan to Korea, Serbia, Kosovo, Rwanda, Britain, Israel, the United States, and many points in between. She covers a broad variety of subjects: gays in the military, the history of "camp followers," the politics of women who have sexually serviced male soldiers, married life in the military, military nurses, and the recruitment of women into the military. One chapter titled "When Soldiers Rape" explores the many facets of the issue in countries such as Chile, the Philippines, Okinawa, Rwanda, and the United States. Enloe outlines the dilemmas feminists around the globe face in trying to craft theories and strategies that support militarized women, locally and internationally, without unwittingly being militarized themselves. She explores the complicated militarized experiences of women as prostitutes, as rape victims, as mothers, as wives, as nurses, and as feminist activists, and she uncovers the "maneuvers" that military officials and their civilian supporters have made in order to ensure that each of these groups of women feel special and separate.
The siege of Leningrad
Sisters in the resistance : how women fought to free France, 1940-1945
Understanding Islam and the Muslims : the muslim family and islam and world peace
Ghosts of Spain : travels through a country's hidden past
Women across the globe are being dramatically affected by war as currently waged by the USA. But there has been little public space for dialogue about the complex relationship between feminism, women, and war. Feminism and War reveals and critically analyzes the complicated ways in which America uses gender, race, class, nationalism, imperialism to justify, legitimate, and continue war. Each chapter builds on the next to develop an anti-racist, feminist politics that places imperialist power, and forms of resistance to it, central to its comprehensive analysis.
Dressed for war : uniform, civilian clothing and trappings, 1914-1918
The summer before the war
Good morning, Vietnam
Charley's war [Vol VIII]: Hitler's youth
What happens to women in the aftermath of war and internal conflict? This book asserts that the post-war period is too late for women to transform patriarchal gender relations; the foundations for change must be built during conflict. The Contributors analyze what women endure and what they construct during and after conflict, what obstacles they encounter in their search for autonomy and what bonds of solidarity they create in building peace.
A thousand splendid suns
Implementing humanitarian law applicable in armed conflicts : the case of Finland
The century of warfare. Volume 2, Blood and mud - trench warfare in the west: 1914-1918 ; War of the eagles - eastern front: 1914-1918
Charley's war [Vol VII]: The great mutiny
Women and international law: rape and sexual abuse as crimes against humanity and war crimes
Täällä Amerikka... : the Voice of America calling Finland : an essay on USA shortwave radio broadcasting to Finland 1942-1945, 1951-1953
Bending adversity : Japan and the art of survival
Barefoot in Baghdad : a story of identity-my own and what it means to be a woman in chaos
Women workers in the Second World War : production and patriarchy in conflict
The patience stone
Is the future female? : troubled thoughts on contemporary feminism
Ender's shadow
Three guineas
Hitler's Furies : German women in the Nazi killing fields
Problems in the history of modern Africa
Nazi women : Hitler's seduction of a nation
Comfort women : sexual slavery in the Japanese military during World War II
The sound of thunder
Who's afraid of children? : children, conflict, and international relations
The legal status of prisoners of war : a study in international humanitarian law applicable in armed conflicts
