http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5128 applicants
applicants
The interview question & answer book : your definitive guide to the best answers to even the toughest interview question
Recruitement model for Company Ltd and the impact of recruitment trends
Convergence of real GDP per capita in the EU15 area : how do the accession countries fit in?
Paris was the place
How to get that job! : the essential guide for today's jobseekers
On the Margins of Society : Social Adaptation of Asylum Seekers in Finland
Labour market matching with heterogenous job seekers
Labor market matching with application to Finnish data
Poverty, international migration and asylum
Child and family social work with asylym seekers and refugees
Interpretation in the asylum process : guide for interpreters
What color is your parachute? : guide to rethinking resumes : write a winning resume and cover letter and land your dream job
Kvinder og asyl : en konferencerapport om kønsrelateret forfølgelse = Women and asylum : a conference report on genderrelated persecution
Tenant application process in the capital area of Helsinki, Finland
Matching, on-the-job search and temporal aggregation : panel data evidence from Finland
Guerrilla marketing for job-hunters : 400 unconventional tips, tricks and tactics for landing your dream job
How to write better resumes and cover letters
The asylum seeker : independence
Immigration and asylum
"Further to the 28th Conference of European Ministers of Justice (Lanzarote, Spain, 25-26 October 2007), the Council of Europe has continued working on access to justice for migrants and asylum seekers. This publication contains an assessment of the situation faced by this vulnerable category of persons in accessing justice. It deals in particular with the identification of measures - both existing and new - for facilitating and ensuring such access for these people."--Back cover.
The dispersal and social exclusion of asylum seekers : between liminality and belonging
Tough interview questions and how to answer them
Refugees and a local community : a study of aborted establishment of an asylum seeker center in Jämsä in 2010
Nordic 2008, candidate for UEFA Euro 2008: for more sustainable football
Ultimate CV : over 100 winning CVs to help you get the interview and the job
301 smart answers to tough interview questions
Interpreting in legal settings
Vulnerability in European law on asylum : a conceptualization under construction : study on reception conditions for asylum seekers = La vulnérabilité en droit européen de l'asile : une conceptualisation en construction : étude en matière de conditions d'accueil des demandeurs d'asile
Human cargo : a journey among refugees
Selected aspects of monetary integration
Unaccompanied refugee minors in Finland : challenges and good practices in a Nordic context
The social exclusion of African asylum-seekers in Austria
Composition of the job-seeker stock in labour market matching : a stochastic frontier approach
Liminal belonging : West African male asylum seekers' narratives of the asylum experience whilst in Finland
Fedasil : federal agency for the reception of asylum seekers in Belgium
How to market Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences and increase its competitiveness in Chinese market in order to attract more Chinese degree students.
Give me shelter : stories about children who seek asylum
They left dreaming : westward migration as explained, understood and experienced by Hungarian Roma
Why you? : 101 interview questions you'll never fear again
The junior woodchuck guide to social media
Compostition of the job-seeker stock in labour market matching : a stochastic frontier approach
The perfect cover letter
MARKETING THE INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMMES OF KYMENLAAKSO UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCES IN THE TWIN CITIES OF KOUVOLA
Employer Branding - fashion or the future? Investigation into the necessity of Employer Branding for organisations to attract talent - Case Study : Triodor Software
Living in Limbo : qualitative case study of skilled Iraqi asylum seekers in Finland
Applicants in a real-life selection context : their personality types, reactions to the process, and faking
Cast away : stories of survival from Europe's refugee crisis
Matching in local labour markets : empirical studies from Finland
Construction and validation of a work personality inventory
The paper estimates the Monetary Condition Indices (MCIs) for three EU accession countries: the Czech Republic, Poland and Slovakia and assesses the relative importance of interest rates and of the exchange rate in the transmission of monetary policy.The calculated MCI ratios indicate that the exchange rate has surprisingly little influence on the Slovakian economy.The MCI ratio for the Czech Republic is very much comparable to that of small EU countries.Poland seems to be extremely sensitive to changes in the exchange rate.However, estimations appear to be quite sensitive to different specifications, and therefore should be treated with caution. Key words: Monetary policy, Monetary Condition Index, the Czech Republic, Poland, Slovakia .
Asylum, migration and community
The distant present
A video as source of marketing information about a student job fair : case company: MPA Consulting, Manchester, UK
Tracing UMAs' families : a comparative study of some European countries' practices and experiences in tracing the parents or caregivers of unaccompanied minor asylum seekers
Employer branding - fashion or the future? Investigation into the necessity of employer branding for organisations to attract talent : case study : Triodor Software
Getting the games - olympic bidding: the importance of the bid city vs. the bid country
Getting a coding job for dummies
Gender, vulnerability and the obligation to return : an overview of return assistance to 'rejected' asylum seekers in the Nordic countries
Corporeal conjunctures no-w-here : failed asylum seekers and the senses of the international
Ultimate job search : invaluable advice on networking, CVs, cover letters, interviews, psychometric tests and follow-up strategies
What color is your parachute? : guide to rethinking interviews : ace the interview and land your dream job
Ultimate psychometric tests : over 1,000 verbal, numerical, diagrammatic and IQ practice tests
Unaccompanied minors seeking asylum in Finland
The assessment of traumatized refugees : clinical practices at the Cultural Psychiatry Outpatient Clinic
How to succeed in employment with specific learning difficulties : a guide for employees and employers
Reception of refugees in Finland
Music psychotherapy with refugee survivors of torture : interpretations of three clinical case studies
How we succeeded in getting the 2005 World Championships in Athletics to Finland
Resumes for the rest of us : secrets from the pros for job seekers with unconventional career paths
Stowaways by sea
Matching heterogeneous job seekers and vacancies : empirical studies using Finnish data
Developing Multichannel, Cross-border Customer Service
Getting A Networking Job For Dummies
International migration : a very short introduction
The graduate psychometric test workbook : essential preparation for quantitative reasoning, data interpretation, and verbal reasoning tests : advanced level
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
Illustrious immigrants : the intellectual migration from Europe 1930-41
This is how to get your next job : an inside look at what employers really want
Abstract: The aim of this thesis was to find out whether employer branding is a necessary action every organisation should take to attract more job applicants, or is it just a current fashion invented by the Human Resources professionals. Besides investigating the general necessity of the concept, this research also gives recommendations to a company called Triodor Software about needed actions to increase the quality and quantity of their job applicants. The need for this research aroused when current literature did not show any empirical evidence about what is actually attracting job seekers to apply for work in certain companies. A company called Triodor Software needed advice in attracting more and more talented job applicants, and the research aimed to help to find out whether employer branding is the solution. A critical review of the current literature was carried out and an online questionnaire was distributed to the job applicants of Triodor Software to answer the research questions. The results revealed that a globally or nationally known company might have the potential to attract job applicants without any specific employer branding actions. In a case of a more unfamiliar company in the local labour market however employer branding can be the key action to attract more job applicants. However, the research showed that different people represents different opinions and desires, and therefore a combination of employer brand and companies' other brands can be the best solution to increase the quality and quantity of job applicants.
Exile and asylum
The cold room
Brilliant interview : what employers want to hear and how to say it
Labour markets are experiencing strong changes worldwide. The ongoing trends have an  effect on recruitment and the ability of organisations to attract the best experts. The  purpose of this thesis was to create a recruitment model for the commissioning company,  later referred to as Company Ltd. The effect of the trends was taken into account in the  recruitment model. The goal of this thesis was to enable Company Ltd to find both  motivated and committed employees with the help of the created recruitment model. A  constructive approach was applied in this thesis. The research methods included  benchmarking, surveying, and interviewing. Information was also obtained from recent  articles.  This thesis and assignment revealed the importance of Generation Y, which is about to  enter the labour market. The ability of organisations to communicate with each generation  in the labour market was also made clear. As the domestic and global demographics are  changing significantly, organisations are beginning to face shortage of skilled applicants.  Mismatches in skills and over-qualification gaps are expected all over Europe in the  future. Organisations must see job seekers as their customers. Planning the recruitment  process to serve the applicants improves employer brand and attractiveness as an  employer. This results in increased productivity when experts choose to apply to a  specific organisation.  As the outcome of this assignment, the recruitment model was created for Company Ltd.  The recruitment model has been presented in Chapter 5. Additional documentation  supporting the recruitment model was compiled and updated during this assignment. The  documentation was excluded from the thesis. It was discovered that Company Ltd should  focus on reaching the chosen target group of job seekers and to put emphasis on candidate  experience. Motivation and commitment as a result of the recruitment model were  challenging to validate. Due to changes in the operating environment, Company Ltd's  recruitment-related plans were not taken place in 2016 and this assignment. The results  of the survey carried out among the current personnel of Company Ltd explained what  motivates and commits employees to an organisation. These results comply with the  trends described in this thesis. The steps recommended to be taken by Company Ltd in  the future include actions that strengthen the organisation's employer brand, and  emphasizing candidate experience.
Access to justice for migrants and asylum seekers in Europe
Empowering asylum seekers : developing good practice
This Very Short Introduction examines the phenomenon of international human migration - both legal and illegal. Taking a global look at politics, economics, and globalization, the author presents the human side of topics such as asylum and refugees, human trafficking, migrant smuggling, development, and the international labour force. Why has international migration become an issue of such intense public and political concern? How closely linked are migrants with terrorist organizations? What factors lie behind the dramatic increase in the number of women migrating?.
Hidden in plain sight : how I sheltered a refugee
CV and interview handbook
Season's greetings: a special issue for immigrants
Job interview patterns : 100 most common interview questions and answers
Personnel selection : a theoretical approach
Terrorism and the foreigner : a decade of tension around the rule of law in Europe
Search in the labour markets : empirical evidence of the role of technology and sanctions
Selling yourself to employers : the essential job-hunting guide
