http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5121 exhibitions
exhibitions
Art or design : There has to be some thing
Smithsonian Guidelines for Accessible Exhibition Design
German art now
Revitalization of a community site-specific art and art festivals : a case of art site Naoshima
Maurice Sendak : a celebration of the artist and his work
Carolus Enckell : årets konstnär = vuoden taiteilija = artist of the year
What is exhibition design?
Svijet igračaka : dječje igračke iz hrvatske baštine = The world of toys : children's toys from the Croatian heritage
BBU collection : the first architectural works exhibition of young architects (Southern China)
J. M. W. Turner : painting set free
How to get the most out of trade shows
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2015! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2015!
Chinese art treasures : (Exhibition held at the Museum December 1, 1961 - January 14, 1962)
Ars universitaria 1640-1990 : [Sinebrychoff Art Museum, March 29 - May 27, 1990] : [catalogue]. Portraits from the collections of the University of Helsinki
Igniting the spark : library programs that inspire high school patrons
The alternative guide to the universe
Liberation exhibitions as a commemorative membrane of socialist Hungary
Enclave spaces as embodiment of performance : case of Pilke science centre
Presented here is a selection of previously unpublished images from Freud's sketchbooks, now in the collection of the National Portrait Gallery, London
Representing archaeology in museums : Society of Museum Archaeologists, Conference proceedings London 1995
Arquitectos a escena : escenografias y montajes de exposicion en los 90 = Architects on stage : stage and exhibition design in the 90's
Witches & wicked bodies
Europaprijs voor schilderkunst = Prix Europe de peinture = Europe prize for painting = Europapreis für Malerei : 4.12. 1988 - 16.1. 1989 Provinciaal Museum voor Moderne Kunst, Oostende / [organisatie Europa-Prijs]
New exhibition stands
The BP exhibition : indigenous Australia enduring civilisation
Ignazio Gardella : exhibition and catalogue
Opening of the Finnish exhibition on trans-atlantic migration via the UK
RHS Chelsea flower show : a centenary celebration
International conferences and exhibitions in Finland 1997-2004
Interactive Exhibitions : The Use of Interactivity in Educational Exhibitions
Standards for touring xxhibitions
Calvin and Hobbes : sunday pages 1985 - 1995. An Exhibition Catalogue
Lucian Freud's sketchbooks
Report by a Working Party on museum travelling exhibitions 1983
Relate North : art, heritage & identity 2014
Catalogue of an exhibition of Chinese paintings from the collection of the National museum, Stockholm
What is contemporary art? : a children's guide : with 74 colour illustrations
William Eggleston : the Democratic forest : selected works
Edinburgh Festival 1974 : Edinburgh arts exhibitions and events / [editor: Mark Francis]
The Fifth Biennale of Sydney : private symbol: social metaphor ; 11 April - 17 June 1984
Enclave spaces as embodiment of performance: case of Pilke science centre
Kuvan kevät : Kuvataideakatemian lopputyönäyttely = Bildkonstakademins examensutställning = Finnish Academy of Fine Arts degree show, 11.5.-5.6.2011
[Let's be friends] : [art for all! the first five years]
Fred Sandback : Decades
Great exhibit : graphics
Sju unga polacker i Malmö Konsthall = Seven young Poles at Malmö Konsthall
Stuffing birds, pressing plants, shaping knowledge : natural history in North America, 1730-1860
DESIGNING A STAND FOR LAUNCHING A PRODUCT TO AN INTERNATIONAL MARKET
Pearls
Georgia O'Keeffe
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2016! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2016!
Das Architekturmodell : Werkzeug, Fetisch, kleine Utopie = The architectural model : tool, fetish, small utopia
Greta Magnusson Grossman : a car and some shorts : one architect's journey from Sweden to Southern California
Aldwyth : work v./work n. : collage and assemblage 1991-2009
How to organize effective conferences and meetings
Ars Universitaria 1640-1990 : Works from the Art Room of the University of Helsinki
a PRESENT to the PAST : Graphica Creativa 2016 : 14. kansainvälinen grafiikkatriennaali = 14th International Print Triennial
Kandinsky : a retrospective / Wassily Kandinsky ; [essays by Angela Lampe and Brady Roberts ; with contributions by Anna Hiddleston-Galloni and Rachel Milliez]
Transformations : nature & beyond
How to run a successful conference : proven management techniques for delivering a successful event on budget
Abakanowicz. Organic structures : Malmö Konsthall 26.2.-11.4. 1977.
Munch, Van Gogh
1ère Biennale du Lin en Haute-Normandie = 1st F(l)ax and Linen Biennale in Upper Normandy : lin-minuscule, lin-majuscule : blancs-transparences-lumiere : du 6 Juin au 31 Août 1996.
Freak art scrapbook : Chicago's Armory show in print, 1913
Ultima thule
In the heart of the dark night
Tibet House : catalogue, first exhibition in new Tibet House, 1979
3a bienal internacional del cartel en Mexico '94 = Third International Biennial of the Poster in Mexico = Troisieme biennale internationale de l'affiche au Mexique
Words of wisdom : a curator's vade mecum on contemporary art / edited by Carin Kuoni ; Independent Curators International (ICI)
Designing exhibitions : museums, heritage, trade and world fairs
Time to change history / Jari-Pekka Vanhala
Waste management plan for Farmari 2005 Agricultural Fair of Finland
Conferences & exhibitions international
Uplifted spirits, earthbound machines : studies on artists and the dream of flight, 1900-1935
Aesthetic engagement in museum exhibitions
Stephen Shore
Once upon a time Walt Disney : the sources of inspiration for the Disney Studios
"When you create something, create a world"
Iso karhu : arkistokuvia etäsukukansoista = the great bear : old photographs of the Volga-Finnic, Permian Finnic and Ob-Ugrian peoples
Powerful exhibit marketing : the complete guide to successful trade shows, conferences and consumer shows
Ming Qing minyao qinghua wenshi tezhan = A special exhibition of motifs on the blue and white from common klins of the Ming and Qing dynasties
Photographs
Get arts strategy : Edinburgh International Festival, 23 August - 12 September 1970
Light houses : young Nordic archtecture
Introducing and Promoting the New Porvoo Campus in Educational Fairs
Effective library exhibits : how to prepare and promote good displays
Making the most of exhibitions
Robert Smithson : a retrospective view
Exhibition design as an educational tool
Critical Costume 2015 : new costume practices and performances : an international conference and exhibition of costume, 25-27 March 2015
Artist, rebel, dandy : men of fashion
The art of ancient Mexico ; [photography Mario Carrieri] ; [translation Nicola Coleby] ; [editor Marianne Ryan]
The showman shepherd
Art 38 Basel, 13.-17.6.2007 : the art show = die Kunstmesse = la foire d'art = la mostra d'arte / [editorial board Holger Steinmann, Ursula Diehr]
Eero Saarinen : shaping the future
Selected works of International Students' Exhibition of Shanghai Biennale 2008
European window displays
Olympics through media
The role of exhibitions in the marketing mix : UFI online course
Tri sjostry : živopis, skulptura, grafika, objekty : [katalog vystavki] = The three sisters : painting, sculpture, graphic art, objects
Safe : kassakaappifestifaali = International media art exhibition
EcoDesign 12 : made of wood
Summary.
Frame news
Design and violence
Black and white things
Conferences & exhibitions
The Madras Industrial and Arts Exhibition, 1903 : Descriptive and critical report on the exhibits ..
Trade fair design annual 2002/2003 : Messedesign Jahrbuch 2002/2003, international
Building in a new Spain : contemporary Spanish architecture
Invisible language , Tokyo 1990s : dialogue with five Japanese architects
Cartier at Prague Castle : the power of style
Art Forum Berlin 2002 : die internationale Messe für Gegenwartskunst b the international fair for contemporary art
Mount-making for museum objects
The art of Oceania : Unesco travelling exhibition
Illustrators 18 : the eighteenth annual national exhibition of illustration held in the galleries of the Society of Illustrators, 128 East 63rd street, New York, February 11 through April 15, 1976.
GA international '91
The story of exhibitions / by Kenneth W. Luckhurst
MJ - Manifesta Journal : journal of contemporary curatorship 4-6
A practical guide to costume mounting
The cut-outs
Europaprijs voor schilderkunst = Prix Europe de peinture = Europe prize for painting = Europapreis für Malerei : 9.9.1990 - 7.10.1990 Casino-Kursaal, Oostende / [organisatie Europaprijs]
Moloch : [earthly gestures] : an interactive installation
The judgement of the mummy
Musical paintings
Mineo Okabe : a retrospective
Correlation between Marketing Communication Tools and Business Performance Variables : Charles River Discovery Services Finland Case Study
Venezia! : [art of the 18th century]
The international art fair art, in Basel, June 11 to 18, 1997 = die Internationale Kunstmesse Art 28 `97, in Basel Statt, vom 11. bis 18. Juni 1997
Kronan : Kalmar county museum's exhibition
Fail, fail again, fail better! : Microglossus
Exhibit marketing and trade show intelligence : successful boothmanship and booth design
Effective exhibit : interpretation and design
Damien Hirst : relics
Exhibition stands
Fashion 2001 landed = Mode 2001 geland. Vol. 2
To callanish from hagar qim : Edinburgh arts festival catalogue 1975
Designing for an open museum : an exploration of content creation and sharing through interactive pieces
Designing exhibitions
Art in the making : Impressionism
Lahti Poster Biennial 2009 : Lahden 17. kansainvälinen julistebiennale : the 17th International Poster Biennial
Oi munkit, ponnistelkaa lakkaamatta! : buddhalaisten kulttiesineiden näyttely = O munkar, sträven framåt oupphörligen! : utställning av buddhistiska kultföremål = Oh, ye monks, strive onwards diligently! : exhibition of Buddhist ritual objects
Showing sheep : for the pleasure of profit
Modern American realism : the Sara Roby Foundation Collection
Optimisti : postitaidenäyttely 17.2.-15.3. Tampereen nykytaiteen museo = The Poetic & Postimistic 10th Anniversary Issue
Towards ARS / Virve Sutinen
EcoDesign 10 -näyttelyluettelo = EcoDesign 10 exbition catalogue
Help! for the small museum : a handbook of exhibit ideas and methods
