http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5129 love for one's neighbour
love for one's neighbour
Deus caritas est : Acts of the World Conference on Charity
'Love your enemies' : Jesus' love command in the synoptic gospels and in the early Christian paraensis : a history of the tradition and interpretation of its uses
Aspects of charity : concern for one's neighbour in medieval vita religiosa
The book of love : improvisations on a crazy little thing
A common word : Muslims and Christians on loving God and neighbor
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
Come be my light : the revealing private writings of the Nobel peace prize winner
The science of compassionate love : theory, research, and applications
The altruistic species : scientific, philosophical, and religious perspectives of human benevolence
The focus of this book is upon consciously and proactively serving those in need, be they of any colour, creed or religion. Islam admonishes those who fail to see and address the needs of the poor, weak, elderly, oppressed, orphans, widows, refugees, travelers and prisoners. All possible means of serving humanity have been highlighted by citing the example of the Holy Prophet Muhammad and that of pious members of the Muslim community; thereby directing the attention of modern-day Muslims to this crucial and forgotten asset of Islam.
The spaces of others - heterotopic spaces: practicing and theorizing hospitality and counter-conduct beyond the religion/secular border
Contemplations on the basis and phenomenon of caring
Islam on love and non-violence
The neighbor : three inquiries in political theology
Islam on serving humanity
The voluntary citizen : an enquiry into the place of philanthropy in the community
The topic of love and non-violence in Islam, in an environment imbued with intolerance, extremism and terrorism, is very significant. This book portrays how loving humanity and eliminating violence are key in all the Islamic teachings and are evident in the conduct of Allah's exalted Messenger. Islam eliminated hatred through love, terrorism through peace and ignorance through knowledge. This book portrays how love, peace and knowledge form the very essence of Islam.
Les misérables : the musical phenomenon
The heart of religion : spiritual empowerment, benevolence, and the experience of God's love
Toughest people to love : how to understand, lead, and love the difficult people in your life - including yourself
Doing good better : effective altruism and how you can make a difference
Explores the basics of how people "tick," encouraging leaders to examine and take care of themselves so that they can better understand and care for others. Based on DeGroat's wealth of experience as a pastor, professor, and therapist, this book -- both wise and practical -- is one that countless leaders will go back to time and again for valuable insights and renewed vision. --Publisher's description.
The boy on the porch
Dietrich Bonhoeffer and Simone Weil : a study in Christian responsiveness
Love thy neighbor as thyself
Love as a way of life : seven keys to transforming every aspect of your life
Receive one another : hospitality in Ecumenical perspective
