http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5130 altruism
altruism
The altruistic species : scientific, philosophical, and religious perspectives of human benevolence
Altruistic love : a study of American "good neighbors" and Christian saints
The reconstruction of humanity
The ant and the peacock : altruism and sexual selection from Darwin to today
Essays on altruism and health care markets
Altruism and beyond : an economic analysis of transfers and exchanges within families and groups
The invention of altruism : making moral meanings in Victorian Britain
Evolution, morality, and the meaning of life
Evolved morality : the biology and philosophy of human conscience
Love thy neighbor as thyself
The ways and power of love : types, factors, and techniques of moral transformation
Unselfishness : the role of the vicarious affects in moral philosophy and social theory
The good Samaritans : the politics of altruism in voluntary aid agencies
Intergenerational transfers and altruism
The possibility of altruism
Why we cooperate : based on the 2008 Tanner lectures on human values at Stanford University
The ethics of altruism
Seeking the compassionate life : the moral crisis for psychotherapy and society
Inside her pretty little head : a new theory of female motivation and what it means for marketing
The expanding circle : ethics and sociobiology
Unto others : the evolution and psychology of unselfish behavior
Altruism and helping behavior : social psychological studies of some antecedents and consequences
Cooperation and prosocial behaviour
According to the reigning competition-driven model of evolution, selfish behaviors that maximize an organism's reproductive potential offer a fitness advantage over self-sacrificing behaviors--rendering unselfish behavior for the sake of others a mystery that requires extra explanation. Evolution, Games, and God addresses this conundrum by exploring how cooperation, working alongside mutation and natural selection, plays a critical role in populations from microbes to human societies. Inheriting a tendency to cooperate, argue the contributors to this book, may be as beneficial as the self-preserving instincts usually thought to be decisive in evolutionary dynamics. Assembling experts in mathematical biology, history of science, psychology, philosophy, and theology, Martin Nowak and Sarah Coakley take an interdisciplinary approach to the terms "cooperation" and "altruism." Using game theory, the authors elucidate mechanisms by which cooperation--a form of working together in which one individual benefits at the cost of another--arises through natural selection. They then examine altruism--cooperation which includes the sometimes conscious choice to act sacrificially for the collective good--as a key concept in scientific attempts to explain the origins of morality. Discoveries in cooperation go beyond the spread of genes in a population to include the spread of cultural transformations such as languages, ethics, and religious systems of meaning. The authors resist the presumption that theology and evolutionary theory are inevitably at odds. Rather, in rationally presenting a number of theological interpretations of the phenomena of cooperation and altruism, they find evolutionary explanation and theology to be strongly compatible.
The Oxford handbook of prosocial behavior
Is communitarian thinking altruistic?
Altruism in world religions
Beast and man : the roots of human nature
The author relates how a chance encounter in a magic shop with a woman who taught him exercises to ease his sufferings and manifest his greatest desires gave him a glimpse of the relationship between the brain and the heart, and drove him to explore the neuroscience of compassion and altruism.
The limits of altruism in democratic Athens
Altruism and health : perspectives from empirical research
The Gift : the form and reason for exchange in archaic societies
Solidarity : theory and practice
Handbook of the economics of giving, altruism and reciprocity. Vol. 2, Applications [Elektronisk resurs]
Moral development : current theory and research
The family and the political self
The selfish altruist : relief work in famine and war
Altruism and Christian ethics
Communitas : the anthropology of collective joy
Altruistically inclined? : the behavioral sciences, evolutionary theory, and the origins of reciprocity
The paradox of power and weakness : Levinas and an alternative paradigm for psychology
Altruism and civil society
The origins of virtue : human instincts and the evolution of cooperation
Empathy : a social psychological approach
Children's helping behaviour : personality factors and parental influences related to helping behaviour
Prosocial behaviour
The gift relationship : from human blood to social policy
In this engaging book, leading primatologist and thinker Frans de Waal offers an illuminating new perspective on human nature. Bringing together his pioneering research on primate behaviour, the latest findings in evolutionary biology and insights from moral philosophy, de Waal explains that we don't need the spectres of God or the law in order to act morally. Instead, our moral nature stems from our biology - specifically, our primate social emotions, which include empathy, reciprocity and fairness. We can glimpse this in the behaviour of our closest relatives in the animal kingdom: chimpanzees soothe distressed neighbours and bonobos will voluntarily open a door to offer a companion access to their own food. Building on a wealth of evidence, de Waal reveals that morality is not dictated to us by religion or social strictures but is the product of our biological nature.
Handbook of the economics of giving, altruism and reciprocity. Vol. 1, Foundations [Elektronisk resurs]
Cues, conformity, and choice architecture : empirical essays on influence
Into the magic shop : a neurosurgeon's true story of the life-changing magic of compassion and mindfulness
New insights on the role of ecology and life-history in social evolution
Motivation, altruism, personality and social psychology : the coming age of altruism
The heart of altruism : perceptions of a common humanity
Interpersonal understanding and theory of mind
Friendship, altruism and morality
The origins of virtue
Help : imagining welfare
Altruism and aggression : biological and social origins
This book is about the evolution and nature of cooperation and altruism in social-living animals, focusing especially on non-human primates and on humans. Although cooperation and altruism are often thought of as ways to attenuate competition and aggression within groups, or are related to the action of "selfish genes", there is increasing evidence that these behaviors are the result of biological mechanisms that have developed through natural selection in group-living species. This evidence leads to the conclusion that cooperative and altruistic behavior are not just by-products of.
Evolution, games, and God : the principle of cooperation
The virtue of selfishness : a new concept of egoism
The good life : wellbeing and the new science of altruism, selfishness and immoral
Laughing saints and righteous heroes : emotional rhythms in social movement groups
The idiot
Pathological altruism
The light & the dark
Doing good better : effective altruism and how you can make a difference
Born to be good : the science of a meaningful life
Empathy and the novel
The gift : an interdisciplinary perspective
Moral origins : the evolution of virtue, altruism, and shame
Principles of social welfare : an introduction to thinking about the welfare state
The escape of the mind
All quiet on the Orient Express
Does altruism exist? : culture, genes, and the welfare of others
Ethics in nursing practice
Advances in applied social psychology. Vol. 3
Universal altruism and the sacrifice of the innocent
Origins of altruism and cooperation
The meme machine
Contemplations on the basis and phenomenon of caring
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
The bonobo and the atheist : in search of humanism among the primates
Research on altruism & love : an annotated bibliography of major studies in psychology, sociology, evolutionary biology, and theology
The expanding circle : ethics, evolution, and moral progress
Essays on political economy, information and welfare
"In The Invention of Altruism, Thomas Dixon traces this new language of 'altruism' as it spread through British culture between the 1850s and the 1900s, and in doing so provides a new portrait of Victorian moral thought." "Drawing attention to the importance of Comtean positivism in setting the agenda for debates about science and religion, this volume challenges received ideas about both Charles Darwin and Herbert Spencer as moral philosophers. This wide-ranging study in the history of ideas is highly relevant to contemporary debates about altruism, evolution, religion, and ethics."--BOOK JACKET.
Pathological Altruism is a groundbreaking new book - the first to explore the negative aspects of altruism and empathy, seemingly uniformly positive traits. In fact, pathological altruism, in the form of an unhealthy focus on others to the detriment of one's own needs, may underpin some personality disorders.
Starting at home : caring and social policy
Nature's oracle : the life and work of W. D. Hamilton
The price of altruism : George Price and the search for the origins of kindness
Prosocial motives, emotions, and behavior : the better angels of our nature
Sympathy : a philosophical analysis
Altruism & altruistic love : science, philosophy, & religion in dialogue
Varieties of mutual support and voluntary action : a study of Finnish self-help groups and volunteers
The most good you can do : how effective altruism is changing ideas about living ethically
The selfish crocodile
Developments in the evolutionary theory of social interactions
Justice for earthlings : essays in political philosophy
Individually together : volunteering in late modernit : social work in the Finnish church
Professions and the public interest : medical power, altruism and alternative medicine
The duty of altruism
In this illuminating and moving biography, Ullica Segerstrale captures Hamilton's extraordinary life and work, revealing a man of immense intellectual curiosity, an uncompromising truth-seeker, a naturalist and jungle explorer. Segerstrale's detailed research reveals the internal tensions and conflicts behind Hamilton's creative genius, and the narrative is peppered with personal anecdotes of this eccentric yet brilliant scientist. The book shows how Hamilton throughout his life was a man against the grain, whose iconoclastic views challenged the scientific and medical establishment--and even caused controversy at the Vatican. In fact, Hamilton was so against the grain that his early career was a classic case of misunderstood genius, whose work was invariably attacked upon publication and only later proclaimed a major breakthrough. Among his insights was that what matters in evolution is not the survival of the individual but of the survival of its genes, an idea that solved the longstanding problem of animal altruism that vexed even Darwin himself. He also proposed the well-known Red Queen theory of the evolution of sex and he helped open up many new fields (including sociobiology), shaping much of our current understanding of evolution --
Defensive environmentalists and the dynamics of global reform
Self-control and altruism
Altruistic investment in children : variations depending on relationship type and certainty in relatedness
Give and take : why helping others drives our success
Theory of virtue : excellence in being for the good
