http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5139 volleyball
volleyball
Basketball, volleyball : July 1981 - July 1983 : tips & techniques for teachers and coaches
Handbook for competitive volleyball
Mayday! : a history of flight through its martyrs, oddballs, and daredevils
On the steel breeze
"Are you busy tomorrow" : a cross-cultural study about communication, group forming, leisure, voluntarism and commitment among members of volleyball clubs Metso Jyväskylä and Montreal Athletics Regional Club
Transport : find out about engines, gravity and flight with 40 great experiments and projects
Volleyball for boys and girls : skills test manual
Crimson hero. 2
The volleyball coaching bible
Volleyball for every girl
I didn't know that some planes hover
Ever since he saw the legendary player known as the "Little Giant" compete at the national volleyball finals, Shoyo Hinata has been aiming to be the best volleyball player ever! He decides to join the team at the high school the Little Giant went to-and then surpass him. Who says you need to be tall to play volleyball when you can jump higher than anyone else? After losing his first and last volleyball match against Tobio Kageyama, "the King of the Court," Shoyo Hinata swears to become his rival after graduating middle school. But what happens when the guy he wants to defeat ends up being his teammate?!
After proving themselves to be the ultimate combination in their practice match against Tsukishima, Kageyama and Hinata are finally allowed to join the club! Hinata's true power-to perfectly time his spikes with his eyes closed-is awakened and nothing can seem to stop this crazy setter-spiker duo. Now their skills are about to put to the test at a practice match against one of Kageyama's former teammates from middle school, Toru Oikawa.
Pieksämäki Volley : the millenium team song
100 years of aviation
Beach volleyball
Complete condition gor volleyball
Reach for the skies : ballooning, birdmen & blasting into space
"Colonial Marines have taken possession of an abandoned alien spacecraft-only to discover its owner is still onboard! Instead of heading to Earth as expected, the humans end up on LV-223 (the planet where the events in the film Prometheus took place). There they must contend with hostile alien life forms, as well as the mysterious "Engineers" who are determined to wipe out not just them, but possibly all of humanity!  This is the second chapter in the Life and Death story cycle-the follow-up to 2015's epic Fire and Stone crossover event. Before this tale is complete, the story lines of Predator, Prometheus, Aliens, and Aliens vs. Predator will all converge!" --
United
Aircraft : [discover everything you ever wanted to know about aircraft ... ]
Coaching volleyball technical & tactical skills
Jane's all the world's aircraft. 1996-97
Coaching volleyball successfully
Volleyball drills for champions
Volleyball : steps to success
Prometheus : life and death
The internationalization of European sports teams and the issue of national citizenship : can sports transcend political borders?
Air and space travel
Volleyball injuries : a colour atlas of volleyball traumatology
The rings of time
Handbook for beach volleyball
Complete conditioning for volleyball
Report on planet three and other speculations
Crimson hero. 1
Orbit : NASA astronauts photograph the earth
The Volleyball drill book
Interpretive history of flight : a survey of the history and development of aeronautics with particular reference to contemporary influences and conditions
The Ultimate guide to weight training for volleyball
Report on Planet Three and other speculations
Neuromuscular function and bone geometry and strength in aging
Crimson hero. 3
Teaching volleyball : steps to success
Coaching youth volleyball
Precompetitive state anxiety, self-confidence and athletic performance in volleyball and basketball players
Coaching volleyball successfully : the USAV coaching accreditation program and American sport education program leader level volleyball book
Volleyball from young players to champions
Karasuno has successfully defeated Tohru Oikawa and Aoba Johsai in their practice match, but the team's future doesn't look so bright. The match uncovered serious holes in Karasuno's defense, which would be fatal in a real game! What they need is a defense expert, a libero, to cover their holes for them. It turns out Karasuno does have a libero named Yu Nishinoya, but he was suspended for one week for violent behavior! And he's even shorter than Hinata!
Earth and world : philosophy after the Apollo missions
Haikyu!!. 5, Inter-high begins
Extreme sports : the illustrated guide to maximum adrenalin thrills
Implementing sitting volleyball workshop in an inclusive setting : a pilot study focusing on self-efficacy teachers and coaches
The big noisy book of things that go
Simulation of radiosonde flight
Values and attributes of volleyball by the fans in the FIVB Men's World Championships 2014
Insights and strategies for winning volleyball
Training volleyball
First book of aircraft
Technical and tactical analysis of women’s volleyball
When sitting is not resting : sitting volleyball
Thinking volleyball
Crimson hero. 4
