http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5131 love
love
Free four : Tobias tells the Divergent knife-throwing scene
Two boys kissing
Apollo's song
Love does not retire : not even after a half century of marriage
The bat
Love letters in the sand : the love poems of Khalil Gibran
The reckoning
The book of love symbols
Born wicked
The lowland
Descartes and Spinoza on the love of God
Power and teacherhood : student teachers's perceptions of teachers' power and authority
What my mother doesn't know
The complex nature of brand relationships : interpersonal or parasocial love?
Three souls : a novel
The Emperor of Paris
Scott Pilgrim's finest hour
Friends and lovers
The kitchen maid
A kiss for Little Bear : by Else Holmelund Minarik ; pictures by Maurice Sendak
If you could be mine : a novel
The Paradise guest house : a novel
The carousel of desire
The anatomy of loving : the story of man's quest to know what love is
The A-Z of lovehearts, friendships and other slushy stuff
The little shop of happy ever after
Productive love promotion via affective technology : an approach based on social psychology and philosophy
Kieli. Volume 1 : The dead sleep in the wilderness
Anthropology and a hundred other stories
The winner's curse
When Mary Smith's corrupt, debt-ridden brother drags her to a seedy pub to sell her virtue to the highest bidder, Alasdair Thornham leaps to the rescue. Of course the marquess is far from perfect husband material. Although he is exceedingly handsome, with a perfect, strong body, chiseled jaw, and piercing green eyes, Alasdair is also too fond of opium, preferring delirium to reality. Still, he has come to Mary's aid, and now she intends to return the favor. She will show him that he is not evil, just troubled
The raven king
Astrology for lovers
Scott Pilgrim vs. the universe
The collected Strangers in paradise. Volume 1
Running away from Richard
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
Love & sex : ten stories of truth
The Kingfisher book of poems about love
Serendipity
Sister's choice
Did I mention I love you?
Persian love poetry
Seduction of a highland lass
Leaving Berlin : a novel
Vanish : a firelight novel
And then he kissed me : stories of love, hearthbreak &​ other unnatural disasters
Ruin and rising
This book loves you
Love bug
The girl of fire and thorns
The return journey : [stories]
Scott Pilgrim gets it together
Revelations : a blue bloods novel
How to learn to enjoy sexuality : the resources of human sexuality
Romeo and Juliet
Truly, madly, deeply
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
Christmas on Primrose Hill
An erotic collection. Volume 2
The happiness hypothesis : finding modern truth in ancient wisdom
Fracture me. Book 2
Silver linings : a Rose Harbor novel
What Alice forgot
The last original wife : a novel
Stars of fortune
Literary love affair : [an anthology of poems, letters and extracts from classic novels]
The book of human insects
Love-based leadership in early childhood education
The yellow emperor's cure : a novel
The dream thieves
Grandparental love : a challenge or richness?
Rebel of the sands
Sweet tomorrows : a Rose Harbor novel
I'll be right there : a novel
Women of a dangerous age
Did I mention I miss you?
In an alternate New England of 1900, where the Brotherhood dominates and controls society, sixteen-year-old Cate Cahill has struggled since her mother's death to keep secret that she and her younger sisters are witches, but when a governess arrives from the Sisterhood, everything changes.
"A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London"--
A feast of dragons
The queen : a novella
When I fall in love
Miss you
Parental love : irreplaceable for children's well-being
Scott Pilgrim's precious little life
Children of Liberty
The winner's kiss
P.S. I still love you
The homecoming
Fallout : a novel
The raven boys
Philosophies of love
The one
We'll always have summer
The chocolate heart
Venice for lovers
Me and you
How to find your first husband
Gone with the wind
It had to be you
Workplace romances on the example of partner selection among teacher-couples : student teachers' perceptions
An erotic collection. Volume 1
Changing identities : Finnish divorcees' perceptions of a new marriage
Ugly love
365 ways to say I love you
Mission impossible? : a scientific comparison between the overlapping and diverging phenomena of friendship and love
Bay of sighs
When love drives you off the trails : narratives of morbid love
The return journey
Rest and be thankful
The model of love : a study in philosophical theology
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
The golem and the jinni
The winner's crime
All the bright places
The lost prince
Scott Pilgrim vs. the world
The Doomsday Conspiracy
Love-based practice in education
The iron queen
Apocalypse for Beginners
Unrequited : women and romantic obsession
The crown of embers
Songs of love & death : tales of star-crossed love
The promise
How to be Parisian : wherever you are
Eyes of love : the gaze in English and French culture 1840-1900
The mammoth book of futuristic romance
The selection series collection : The Selection / The Elite / The One / The Guard / The Prince
The sea shell girl
This is a love story
The 5 love languages : the secret to love that lasts
What happened in Vegas
The crown
"Set in Cedar Cove's charming Rose Harbor Inn, Debbie Macomber's captivating new novel follows innkeeper Jo Marie and two new guests as they seek healing and comfort, revealing that every cloud has a silver lining, even when it seems difficult to find.  Since opening the Rose Harbor Inn, Jo Marie Rose has grown close to her handyman, Mark Taylor. Jo Marie and Mark are good friends--and are becoming something more--yet he still won't reveal anything about his past. When Mark tells her that he's moving out of town, Jo Marie is baffled. Just when she is starting to open herself up again to love, she feels once more that she is losing the man she cares about. And as she discovers the secret behind Mark's decision to leave, she welcomes two visitors also seeking their own answers.  Best friends Kellie Crenshaw and Katie Gilroy have returned to Cedar Cove for their ten-year high school reunion, looking to face down old hurts and find a sense of closure. Kellie, known as Coco, wants to finally confront the boy who callously broke her heart. Katie, however, wishes to reconnect with her old boyfriend, James--the man she still loves and the one who got away. As Katie hopes for a second chance, Coco discovers that people can change--and both look to the exciting possibilities ahead.  Heartwarming and uplifting, Silver Linings is a beautiful novel of letting go of the past and embracing the unexpected"--
Child's bone
Roar and Liv : an under the never sky story
The golem and the djinni
The wind is not a river
Every day
The evil eye : four novellas of love gone wrong
Who is the one? : the difficulty in selecting the partner
The Carousel of Desire is a sexual and romantic saga told with a master storyteller's feel for character and plot and a philosopher's abiding preoccupation with what makes life truly worthwhile. With tenderness and infectious delight, Schmitt tells an exuberant tale about class and community and about the vastness of human experience. Schmitt's love of coincidence and serendipity is surpassed only by his affection for his flawed, all-too-human characters: Zachary Bidermann, the powerful European Union commissioner; Faustina, the fashionable book publicist; François-Maxime de Couvigne, the happily married banker with more than a few secrets; Marcelle, enamored with a handsome illegal immigrant; Miss Beauvert, who makes love with her parrot, Copernicus. These and many more unforgettable characters animate this story of simmering desire and the antics of the mischievous and playful god, Eros. Schmitt's inclusive, affirming vision of human sexuality is refreshingly free of moral judgement, yet enriched by an understanding of the complex ethics of human relationships and the redemptive power of love.
After you
Everneath
Adultery : a novel
A march of kings
Notes from ghost town
"Trudy has betrayed her husband, John. She's still in the marital home - a dilapidated, priceless London townhouse - but John's not here. Instead, she's with his brother, the profoundly banal Claude, and the two of them have a plan. But there is a witness to their plot: the inquisitive, nine-month-old resident of Trudy's womb. Told from a perspective unlike any other, Nutshell is a classic tale of murder and deceit from one of the world's master storytellers"--
Wuthering Heights
A quest of heroes
"To celebrate the rise of their new queen, three goddesses of the moon created three stars, one of fire, one of ice, one of water. But then they fell from the sky, putting the fate of all worlds in danger. And now three women and three men join forces to pick up the pieces... Sasha Riggs is a reclusive artist, haunted by dreams and nightmares that she turns into extraordinary paintings. Her visions lead her to the Greek island of Corfu, where five others have been lured to seek the fire star. Sasha recognizes them, because she has drawn them: a loner. All on a quest. All with secrets. Sasha is the one who holds them together the seer. And in the magician, Bran Killian, she sees a man of immense power and compassion. As Sasha struggles with her rare ability, Bran is there to support her, challenge her, and believe in her. But Sasha and Bran are just two of the six. And they all must work together as a team to find the fire star in a cradle of land beneath the sea. Over their every attempt at trust, unity, and love, a dark threat looms. And it seeks to corrupt everything that stands in its way of possessing the stars."Provided by publisher.
After All These Years
Critical revolutionary pedagogy spiced by pedagogical love
All that is : a novel
It happened one summer
A dark and powerful goddess hunts for three jewels: fallen stars that will give her endless power. To save the world, six friends have joined forces to stop her.
The fire artist
The return journey : and other stories
Paper towns
Too late for love
The art of loving
Nutshell : a novel
A whole life
Words of love : a collection of beautiful poetry, prose and quotations
Age, sex, location
Blessing
The Selection. Book 1, The Selection Series : [Elektroninen aineisto
Arms of a Stranger
Carry on
Blue Lily, Lily Blue
The dandelion years
Daughters of fortune
Everbound : an Everneath novel
To all the boys I've loved before
Love themes in the lyrics of Freddie Mercury
North child : an epic tale of love and destiny
Love book
Love monkey
Scott Pilgrim and the infinite sadness
As Flies to Whatless Boys
Neverfall : an Everneath novella
Hero of my heart
Bitten by cupid
On love and death
Heartbeat
Afternoon tea at the Sunflower Cafe
Their eyes were watching God : [a novel]
Love bomb
The evil eye
Point of retreat : a novel
The notorious Lady Anne
Three faces of love
The heir
