http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5138 data communication systems
data communication systems
Communications systems and networks
Using information technology : a practical introduction to computers & communications
Advanced receiver structures for mobile MIMO multicarrier communication systems
Study on the Malaysian telecommunication market
Embedded mixed-signal testing on board and system level
Network routing basics : understanding IP routing in Cisco systems
Dimensions of information security awareness
High-level simulation of software defined radio components
The McGraw-Hill Internetworking handbook
Contemporary communication systems
Mobile networks architecture
Computer forensics and cyber crime : an introduction
Electrical ground support equipment for Aalto-1 satellite ground station
Multi-channel solutions for interactive services : channels and their rates of interactivity
A study of TD-CDMA and WCDMA radio network enhancements
Introduction to computer hardware and data communications
Contemporary Communication Systems provides a comprehensive introduction to analog and digital communication systems. In addition to a logical and easy-to-understand presentation of fundamental principles, the book engages students in the issues relevant to system and product implementation by integrating a discussion of theoretical concepts with extensive hands-on visual and simulation resources that reinforce learning. A unique feature of the book is sufficient coverage of important topics in digital communications including compression, multiplexing and synchronization techniques. The book also explores the impact of semiconductor revolution (Moore's law) and software technologies in the realization of modern digital communication systems. -- Publisher.
The basics of information security : understanding the fundamentals of InfoSec in theory and practice
Finland : media, Internet and telecommunications : complete profile
Modem theory : an introduction to telecommunications
Optimization techniques for radio resource management in wireless communication networks
Data and computer communications
Performance analysis of mMCSK-mMFSK modulation variants with comparative discussion
Fundamentals of cryptology : a professional reference and interactive tutorial
Antenna theory and microstrip antennas
GPRS tunnel management to 3G-SGSN integration testing
Compensation of transmitter nonlinearities using predistortion techniques : case studies of envelope tracking amplifiers and radio-over-fibre links
Principles of communication systems
On providing reliable and economical intranet connectivity
Digital communications : fundamentals and applications
Statistics measurement definition work to Nokia TETRA system
The Irwin handbook of telecommunications
Using the Internet
Future wireless systems will require high data rate with low transmit and processing power consumption. A combination of multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) transmission with orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) is a promising approach for offering better performance in terms of the capacity and quality of service (QoS). The detector in the wireless receiver is one of the highest power consuming parts. In order to minimize the power consumption, it is desirable for the detector to be able to change the detection algorithm to suit the channel conditions.In this thesis work, we study the suitability of different MIMO detection algorithms for adaptive operation. The selective spanning with fast enumeration (SSFE), K-best list sphere detector (LSD), linear minimum mean square error (LMMSE), and successive interference cancellation (SIC) detectors are compared to each other in terms of communications performance in the 4 × 4 and 8 × 8 MIMO–OFDM systems. The impact of least squares (LS) and minimum mean square error (MMSE) channel estimation methods, mobile speed, and transmit precoding at the base station on detector algorithm selection is also considered. The SIC detector is shown to suffer from error propagation in poor channel conditions. The SSFE detector is unable to outperform the K-best LSD and is occasionally outperformed by the LMMSE detector. The LMMSE detector is able to outperform the K-best LSD on the low signal-to-noise (SNR) regime when the mobile speed is high and the spatial channel correlation is low or moderate; it is also found to be more robust against channel estimation errors. Because a realistic adaptive detector is expected to support only two detection algorithms, the K-best LSD and LMMSE are selected based on the performance results for application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) architecture design and further comparison.The chosen algorithms are evaluated by considering the performance and implementation results. The K-best LSD provides good performance under challenging channel conditions with the cost of high complexity and power consumption. The LMMSE detector is energy efficient but performs poorly in correlated channels. However, exceptions exist, and detailed results on when to use a simple detector and when to use a complex detector are provided.
Introduction to broadband communication systems
Internet for dummies
Business data networks and telecommunications
Channel estimation and positioning for multiple antenna systems
Computer networks : architecture, protocols, and software
Internet in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference
Multidimensional adaptive radio links for broadband communications
Grounding the innovation of future technologies
Multiple input multiple output (MIMO) schemes in LTE and LTE-advanced
From telecommunications to electronic services : a global spectrum of definitions, boundary lines, and structures
The evolution of tourism : adapting to change : 28th annual conference proceedings
Data and Computer Communications, 10e, is a two-time winner of the best Computer Science and Engineering textbook of the year award from the Textbook and Academic Authors Association. It is ideal for one/two-semester courses in Computer Networks, Data Communications, and Communications Networks in CS, CIS, and Electrical Engineering departments. This book is also suitable for Product Development personnel, Programmers, Systems Engineers, Network Designers and others involved in the design of data communications and networking products. With a focus on the most current technology and a convenient modular format, this best-selling text offers a clear and comprehensive survey of the entire data and computer communications field. Emphasizing both the fundamental principles as well as the critical role of performance in driving protocol and network design, it explores in detail all the critical technical areas in data communications, wide-area networking, local area networking, and protocol design. -- Provided by publisher.
Realtime Web Analytics
Network+ : training guide
Mobile enterprise transition and management
WCCN Wireless handbook : RF terminals & LANs
Computer networks
TCP performance evaluation over wired and wired-cum-wireless networks
Business data communications and networking
Skype me : from single user to small enterprise and beyond
The business of WiMAX
Essentials of modern telecommunications systems
Alternate scrambling code handling with one spreader
The Internet : an introductory guide for United Nations organizations
The role of ICT in the value co-creation process
Maritime collaboration from Finnish and TEDIM perspective
WCDMA Test Model 6 Automated Verification
The comparison of lossless compression methods in the case of a medical image database
Implementing parser tool to visualize trace and error log files in Media Gateway
Data and telecommunications : systems and applications
Towards a Pan-European telecommunication service infrastructure - IS&N '94 : second International Conference on Intelligence in Broadband Services and Networks, Aachen, Germany, September 7-9, 1994 : proceedings
Analog and digital communication systems
Femtocells : opportunities and challenges for business and technology
Networking for dummies
This thesis focuses on studying the available methods and technology for creating communication networks to fulfill the secondary substation automation needs. The communication techniques are presented individually while keeping the approach strictly limited to the facts and characteristics most relevant for secondary substation communication design. The communication methods are then compared and viewed from different perspectives. The comparison between the communication methods is conducted according to the three main criteria: reliability, security and cost-efficiency. The information is then reviewed alongside with customer extracted information in order to acquire a broader view on the current communication networks and their future aspects. The results of this study give a general view on possible communications methods for secondary substation communications and depict the growing need for effective communication methods in modern electricity grids.
UMTS : introduction and measurement
Analysis on MIMO relaying scenarios in wireless communication systems
How to Use the Internet : Join the Internet Revolution Today
Television playout development towards flexible IT-based solutions
Switched networks companion guide
Introduction to communications technologies : a guide for non-engineers
Channel estimation algorithms for OFDM systems
GSM/EDGE Radio Access Networks Evolution towards  Enchanged Data Rates in Release 7
CISSP for dummies
Detection algorithms and architectures for wireless spatial multiplexing in MIMO-OFDM systems
Zen and the art of the internet : a beginner's guide
Design of fiber-optic digital communication systems : introductory course for students in communications engineering
3G GGSN QoS Features from the Integration Testing Viewpoint
Industrial communication technology handbook
The definitive guide to Plone
Beyond VoIP protocols : understanding voice technology and networking techniques for IP telephony
DSP implementation of audio processing on TMS320C6711
The measurements of GPRS BSS
Shaping American telecommunications : a history of technology, policy, and economics
Abstract: Statistics measurement definition work to Nokia TETRA system.
Riding the Internet highway
Efficient two-level mesh based simulation of PRAMS
Quality of service for triple play services in heterogeneous networks
IEEE 802 wireless systems : protocols, multi-hop mesh/relaying, performance and spectrum coexistence
MSC Server Consept from the Integration Testing Point of View
Iterative receivers for digital communications via variational inference and estimation
The CISSP and CAP prep guide : platinum edition
The Internet golden directory
The Good Manager's Guide : over 130 practical checklist for day-to-day management
GPRS in wireless data : functioning and design of the network
Mobile cellular telecommunications : analog and digital systems
Analysing spatial accessibility patterns with travel time and distance measures : novel approaches for rural and urban contexts
Telecommunications in transition : policies, services and technologies in the European Community
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to update television playout system. An Estonian television and radio network operator Levira playout centre needed expansion in infrastructure to be able to accommodate larger channel count. Renewals of media asset management and automation systems were also required to handle requirements of the larger channel count and to automate processes. Television playout systems and solutions are going through big changes. These changes reflect partially new developments in the whole broadcasting industry and the way people use video, as well as changes and development in other areas of technology, especially in IT. These changes do not come without challenges with new workflows and ways of operating. These projects were to be done not only for current needs but also to be ready for the coming years. This was taken into consideration on system design and planning as well as on choosing the partners for the projects. As a result of this study, an up to date playout centre was designed with flexible IT based solutions that are easy to update and customize for varying needs of different television channels. Playout centre has room to grow and it is ready for requirements of future without need for major changes in the system.
Signal processing methods for multicarrier passive radar and communication systems
The use of telecommunication in business development
Big data : a revolution that will transform how we live, work, and think
Managing mobile services : technologies and business practices
Modern digital and analog communication systems
Analysis of OFDMA resource allocation with limited feedback
Semantics-based access control in business networks
Teach yourself the Internet : around the world in 21 days
Opportunistic resource and network management in autonomous packet access systems
Product meaning, affective use evaluation, and transfer : a preliminary study
CDMA for wireless personal communications
Open systems and standards for software product development
Telecommunications, inequality and international regime : the economic and political impacts of telecommunications upon the international economy and politics
Code acquisition in direct sequence spread spectrum systems using smart antennas
Analyzing performance of mobile MIMO-OFDM wireless systems :tools and results
Scalable computing and communications : theory and practice
Abstract: Currently UPM plywood production has a tailor made reporting platform that handles all production related data. This reporting platform is called PlyNET and it is based on Mi-crosoft SQL Reporting Services (SSRS) technology. PlyNET platform is fully developed by the UPM IT-department and in the long run that could cause problems concerning product support and future development. During 2011-2012 UPM has implemented a standard MES solution for plywood production based on GE Intelligent Platforms' Proficy product family. This system is called PlyMES. the Proficy platform includes standard out-of-the-box reports, but these reports were found to be insufficient and needed to be extended or replaced. To be able to extend PlyMES reports and merge these with existing PlyNET reports, Novotek Report Plus (NRP) reporting tool was chosen as a candidate. Like PlyNET, the NRP platform is also based on standard SQL Server Reporting Services (SRSS) technology. Using NRP, UPM specific reports based on data in the PlyMES system can be designed and existing PlyNET reports can be merged together with PlyMES reports into single reporting portal. The goal of this thesis is to explore the possibility to use Novotek Report Plus as a single reporting portal for PlyMES and PlyNET reports. Alongside of this project WIP inventory balance, plywood average thickness and produced plywood quantity reports will be de-signed and created.
Quality of Service technologies for Next Generation Networks : a survey of standards and solutions to perform quality-oriented network management for multimedia applications
Fundamentals of communication systems
PlyMes reporting
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Road transport informatics : institutional and legal issues : study drawn up for ECMT and ERTICO
Electronics : circuits and systems
Telecommunication solutions for secondary substation automation
Evaluation of different implementation scenarios for handling mobility in telecommunication networks
Equalization and channel estimation algorithms and implementations for cellular MIMO-OFDM downlink
Principles of information systems management
Handbook of research on telecommunications planning and management for business
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
CISSP® certification all-in-one exam guide
This thesis considers data transmission in a full-duplex (FD) multiuser multiple-input multiple-output (MU-MIMO) system, where a FD capable base station (BS) bidirectionally communicates with multiple half-duplex (HD) users in downlink (DL) and uplink (UL) channels using the same radio resources. The main challenge in FD communications is how to deal with the self-interference (SI) between transmit and receive antennas at the BS. The work carried out in the thesis is motivated by recent advanced techniques in hardware design demonstrating that the SI can be suppressed to a degree that possibly allows for FD transmission in cellular networks. In particular, this thesis attempts to explore the potential gains in terms of the spectral efficiency (SE) and energy efficiency (EE) that can be brought by the FD MU-MIMO model. As the first of its kinds, the thesis aims to present a solid mathematical framework and report interesting results that foster research on wireless communications in general and FD communications in particular.For the FD system of interest the major challenge is due to the SI and co-channel interference from users in the UL channel to the ones in the DL channel, resulting in the coupling between the two channels. As a result we are concerned with the problem of joint transmit processing design to maximize the SE and EE subject to certain power constraints. Since the design problems are natually non-convex, it is difficult to find the globally optimal solutions or even when possible it is not practically appealing. Our contributions to solving these design problems are on the development of several iterative algorithms that can obtain locally optimal solutions. The proposed algorithms are built upon a framework of local optimization strategies such as the sequential parametric convex approximation and the Frank-Wolfe methods. In special cases closed-form designs are also presented.The reported results show that when the SI is sufficiently suppressed the considered FD MU-MIMO system with the proposed SE designs achieves a significantly better SE but consumes more energy, compared to the HD counterpart. In terms of EE the proposed EE scheme is superior to the proposed SE design. Moreover, in the low transmit power region, the EE design achieves a worse EE than the HD system but a better one in the high trasmit power regime when the SI power is low.
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Systra : training material
Abstract: The function of the MML C2HHAN in Dynamic Counter Architecture in DX 200 technology.
Investigating computer-related crime
Localization of mobile devices in multipath induced environments
10 minute guide to the Internet
Computer and communication networks
Meganet : how the global communications network will connect everyone on earth
Detection algorithms and ASIC designs for MIMO-OFDM downlink receivers
ETL process in data warehousing : pulling data from Lotus Domino to data warehouse
Clean mobility and intelligent transport systems
Intelligent networks : proceedings of the IFIP Workshop on Intelligent Networks 1994
Home automation : made easy : do it yourself know how using UPB, Insteon, X10 and Z-Wave
Wired cities : shaping the future of communications
UMTS for mobile multimedia applications and services
Fundamentals of cellular network planning and optimisation : 2G/2.5G/3G... evolution to 4G
Automation of a Quality Measurement System for Wireless @450 Broadband Network
Cooperative networking
Mobile satellite communications : principles and trends
Synchronization and blind signal processing in CDMA systems
The politics of information management : policy guidelines
Dependable cognitive wireless networking : modelling and design
Code acquisition in advanced CDMA networks
Portsmouth city bus route online information system
Analysis and simulation of DVB-H link layer
Interfaces, Standards and Code lists in Data communication between Authorities : Helsinki–St. Petersburg Smart Transport Corridor
Principles of digital and analog communications
The function of the MML C2HHAN in Dynamic Counter Architecture in DX 200 technology
An approach towards the integration of bus information systems in Vietnam: case study: Ho Chi Minh City Bus Information System project
Evolution of 3G networks : the concept, architecture and realization of mobile networks beyond UMTS
Theory of rational decision-making and its applications to adaptive transmission
CDMA : access and switching for terrestrial and satellite networks
CISSP certification all-in-one exam guide
Practical firewalls
Transmission strategies for full-duplex multiuser MIMO communications systems
Data communications, computer networks and open systems
Machine-to-machine Communications : Architectures, Technology, Standards, and Applications
