http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5145 idealism (theories)
idealism (theories)
An idealist view of life
Ghostly apparitions : German idealism, the gothic novel, and optical media
System of transcendental idealism (1800)
Philosophical fragments or a fragment of philosophy
The impact of idealism : the legacy of post-Kantian German thought
A history of philosophy. Volume 8, Modern philosophy : empiricism, idealism, and pragmatism in Britain and America
Schopenhauer : a consistent reading
The Cambridge companion to Hegel
A new theory of vision : and other select philosophical writings
The coherence theory of truth : realism, anti-realism, idealism
Fichte's republic : idealism, history, and nationalism
Anglo-American idealism : thinkers and ideas
George Berkeley bicentenary
Projection and realism in Hume's Philosophy
The enneads
Foundations of transcendental philosophy : (Wissenschaftslehre) Nova Methodo (1796/99)
The living consciousness of the german idealists
Spinoza and German idealism
Truth : a primer
Anglo-American idealism, 1865-1927
New perspectives on philosophy and education
A history of philosophy. Volume 9, Modern Philosophy : from the French revolution to Sartre, Camus and Lévi-Strauss
A system of pragmatic idealism. Vol. 3, Metaphilosophical inquiries
Intersections : nineteenth-century philosophy and contemporary theory
The riddle of existence : an essay in idealistic metaphysics
Revolution, idealism and human freedom : Schelling, Hölderlin and Hegel and the crisis of early German idealism
Schelling and modern European philosophy : an introduction
T.H. Green's theory of positive freedom : from metaphysics to political theory
The philosophy of Hegel
Sculpture and the pursuit of a modern ideal in Britain, c. 1880-1930
German idealism : an anthology and guide
The philosophical rupture between Fichte and Schelling : selected texts and correspondence (1800-1802)
Fidel & Che : a revolutionary friendship
Studies in the Hegelian dialectic
Change your life, change the world : a spiritual guide to living now
Certainty as a social metaphor : the social and historical production of certainty in China and the West
Dieter Henrich and contemporary philosophy : the return of subjectivity
German Idealism develops its philosophy of history as the theory of becoming absolute and as absolute knowledge. Historism also originates from Hegel's and Schelling's discovery of absolute historicity as it turns against Idealism's philosophy of history by emphasizing the singular and unique in the process of history. German Idealism and Historism can be considered as the central German contribution to the history of ideas. Since Idealism became most influential for modern philosophy and Historism for modern historiography, they are analyzed in this volume in a collaboration of philosophers and historians. German Idealism is presented in Schelling and its critics Schlegel, Baader, and Nietzsche, Historism in Ranke, Droysen, Burckhardt, and Treitschke. The volume further presents the impact of Idealism and Historism on present German approaches to the philosophy of history and outlines the debates on the possibility of a philosophy of history and on the methodology of the historical sciences.
British idealism and the concept of the self
A most wanted man
Johann Gottlieb Fichte (1762-1814) was the founding figure of the philosophical movement known as German idealism, a branch of thought which grew out of Kant's critical philosophy. Fichte's work formed the crucial link between eighteenth-century Enlightenment thought and philosophical, as well as literary, Romanticism. Some of his ideas also foreshadow later nineteenth- and twentieth-century developments in philosophy and in political thought, including existentialism, nationalism and socialism. This volume offers essays on all the major aspects of Fichte's philosophy, ranging from the successive versions of his foundational philosophical science or Wissenschaftslehre, through his ethical and political thought, to his philosophies of history and religion. All the main stages of Fichte's philosophical career and development are charted, and his ideas are placed in their historical and intellectual context. New readers will find this the most convenient and accessible guide to Fichte currently available. Advanced students and specialists will find a conspectus of recent developments in the interpretation of Fichte.
Optiques : the science of the eye and the birth of modern French fiction
Principles of human knowledge ; and, Three dialogues between Hylas and Philonous
Hegel and the Phenomenology of spirit
Deutscher Idealismus und die analytische Philosophie der Gegenwart =  : German idealism and contemporary analytic philosophy
Marxism and modern idealism
"This is a new critical edition of Berkeley's 1734 (third edition, first 1713) Three Dialogues, a text that is deservedly one of the most challenging and beloved classics of modern philosophy. The heart of the work is the dispute between materialism and idealism, two fundamentally opposed positions that are embodied by Hylas and Philonous, the characters in this philosophical drama. The book is packed with brilliant arguments and counter-arguments of an extraordinarily sophisticated nature. Amid all this philosophical swordplay one would think that there could be scant room for the characters to develop any sort of personality. Yet in Berkeley's hands, and with his literary gifts, the interlocutors are both vivid and funny. The dialogue deals with some of the most important perennial problems of philosophy, including: the materialism-idealism dispute, skepticism in rationalist and empiricist epistemology, the conflict over apriorism and aposteriorism, rationalism versus empiricism, the existence and nature of God, the philosophy of science, philosophy of mathematics, abstract general ideas, the role of perception in human knowledge, and the metaphysics of causation. This edition combines a usefully annotated version of Berkeley's complete original text with a substantial critical introduction, a chronology of events in Berkeley's life and career, and supplementary annotated appendices of original sources from thinkers relevant to Berkeley's work."--Publisher's website.
On Royce
The worldview of personalism : origins and early development
German idealism : critical concepts in philosophy. Volume 1
Hegel, Kant and the structure of the object
Recognition : Fichte and Hegel on the other
Idealism : past and present
Philosophy after F. H. Bradley : a collection of essays
British idealism and political theory
Why a 'Handshake' wasn't enough : a methodological experiment on the anthropological study of law
Schelling versus Hegel : from German idealism to Christian metaphysics
The impact of idealism. Vol. 4, Religion
Surrogates
Culture and the death of God
The twenty-five years of philosophy : a systematic reconstruction
The impact of idealism. Vol. 3, Aesthetics and literature
Berkeley's argument for idealism
An introduction to philosophy in education
Samuel C. Rickless presents a novel interpretation of the thought of George Berkeley. In 'A Treatise Concerning the Principles of Human Knowledge' (1710) and 'Three Dialogues Between Hylas and Philonous' (1713), Berkeley argues for the astonishing view that physical objects (such as tables and chairs) are nothing but collections of ideas (idealism); that there is no such thing as material substance (immaterialism); that abstract ideas are impossible (anti-abstractionism); and that an idea can be like nothing but an idea (the likeness principle). It is a matter of great controversy what Berkeley's argument for idealism is and whether it succeeds. Most scholars believe that the argument is based on immaterialism, anti-abstractionism, or the likeness principle.
German idealism : critical concepts in philosophy. Volume 4
Great books of the Western World. 35, A letter concerning toleration; Concerning civil government, second essay; An essay concerning human understanding / by John Locke -- The principles of human knowledge / by George Berkeley -- An enquiry concerning human understanding / by David Hume
The modern ideal : the rise and collapse of idealism in the visual arts from the Enlightenment to postmodernism
The importance of subjectivity : selected essays in metaphysics and ethics
The principles of human knowledge ; Three dialogues between Hylas and Philonous
The impact of idealism. Vol. 2, Historical, social and political thought
Summary: "There can be little doubt that without Spinoza, German Idealism would have been just as impossible as it would have been without Kant. Yet the precise nature of Spinoza's influence on the German Idealists has hardly been studied in detail. This volume of essays by leading scholars sheds light on how the appropriation of Spinoza by Fichte, Schelling and Hegel grew out of the reception of his philosophy by, among others, Lessing, Mendelssohn, Jacobi, Herder, Goethe, Schleiermacher, Maimon and, of course, Kant. The volume thus not only illuminates the history of Spinoza's thought, but also initiates a genuine philosophical dialogue between the ideas of Spinoza and those of the German Idealists. The issues at stake - the value of humanity; the possibility and importance of self-negation; the nature and value of reason and imagination; human freedom; teleology; intuitive knowledge; the nature of God - remain of the highest philosophical importance today"--Provided by publisher.
Josiah Royce's late writings : collection of unpublished and scattered works (works relating to Josiah Royce). Volume 1
Transcendental idealism and the organism : essays on Kant
Eriugena, Berkeley, and the idealist tradition
Idealism as modernism : Hegelian variations
Idealism : a critical survey
Introducing German idealists : mock interview with Kant, Hegel, Fichte, Schelling, Reinhold, Jacobi, Schlegel and a letter from Schopenhauer
The Routledge companion to nineteenth century philosophy
Rousseau and German idealism : freedom, dependence and necessity
The idealistic reaction against science
Schelling and the end of idealism
One of the greatest British philosophers, Bishop Berkeley (1685-1753) was the founder of the influential doctrine of Immaterialism - the belief that there is no reality outside the mind, and that the existence of material objects depends upon their being perceived. The Principles of Human Knowledge eloquently outlines this philosophical concept, and argues forcefully that the world consists purely of finite minds and ideas, and of an infinite spirit, God. A denial of all non-spiritual reality, Berkeley's theory was at first heavily criticized by his contemporaries, who feared its ideas would lead to scepticism and atheism. The Three Dialogues provide a powerful response to these fears.
Idealist ethics
The Palgrave handbook of German idealism
Biographical encyclopedia of British idealism
Idealization, 11, Historical studies on abstraction and idealization
German idealism : critical concepts in philosophy. Volume 3
Idealism : the history of a philosophy
A treatise concerning the principles of human knowledge : Part 1
The veil of isis : a series of essays on idealism
Self-consciousness and the critique of the subject : Hegel, Heidegger, and the poststructuralists
Points of view
Three dialogues between Hylas and Philonous
After Herder : philosophy of language in the German tradition
German idealism and the problem of knowledge : Kant, Fichte, Schelling, and Hegel
Kant's idealism : new interpretations of a controversial doctrine
A system of pragmatic idealism. Vol. 1, Human knowledge in idealistic perspective
The nineteenth century is a period of stunning philosophical originality, characterised by radical engagement with the emerging human sciences. Often overshadowed by twentieth century philosophy which sought to reject some of its central tenets, the philosophers of the nineteenth century have re-emerged as profoundly important figures. The Routledge Companion to Nineteenth Century Philosophy is an outstanding survey and assessment of the century as a whole. Divided into seven parts and including thirty chapters written by leading international scholars, the Companion examines and assesses the central topics, themes, and philosophers of the nineteenth century, presenting the first comprehensive picture of the period in a single volume: * German Idealism * philosophy as political action, including young Hegelians, Marx and Tocqueville * philosophy and subjectivity, including Schopenhauer, Kierkegaard and Nietzsche * scientific naturalism, including Darwinism, philosophy of race, experimental psychology and Neo-Kantianism * utilitarianism and British Idealism * American Idealism and Pragmatism * new directions in Mind and Logic, including Brentano, Frege and Husserl. The Routledge Companion to Nineteenth Century Philosophy is essential reading for students of philosophy, and for anyone interested in this period in related disciplines such as politics, history, literature and religion.
The Cambridge companion to Fichte
Kantian reason and Hegelian spirit : the idealistic logic of modern theology
The British idealists
Understanding Hegel's mature critique of Kant
The afterlife of idealism : the impact of new idealism on British historical and political thought, 1945-1980
On the history of modern philosophy
Hegel's Philosophy of mind : a revised version of the Wallace and Miller translation (Hegel's Encyclopaedia of the Philosophical Sciences)
Critical responses to Josiah Royce : 1885 - 1916 / Volume 3, Papers in honour of Josiah Royce on his sixtieth birthday
The Russell/Bradley dispute and its significance for twentieth-century philosophy
The anatomy of idealism : passivity and activity in Kant, Hegel and Marx
Hegel, idealism, and analytic philosophy
The Cambridge companion to German idealism
Conception of God : a philosophical discussion concerning the nature of the divine idea as a demonstrable reality
Berkeley and the principles of human knowledge
A ripple from the storm
On aesthetics : an unforgiving introduction
Ludwig Feuerbach and the end of classical German philosophy
Idealism, politics and history : sources of Hegelian thought
Lectures on modern idealism
The tragic absolute : German idealism and the languishing of God
Russell, idealism, and the emergence of analytic philosophy
The philosophy of Hegel : a systematic exposition
A world for us : the case for phenomenalistic idealism
German idealism : critical concepts in philosophy. Volume 2
Tragedy, recognition, and the death of God : studies in Hegel and Nietzsche
Political physics : Deleuze, Derrida, and the body politic
Metaphysik = Metaphysics
Schiller to Derrida : idealism in aesthetics
Realism, idealism and international politics : a reinterpretation
Due respect : the morality of the welfare state
Josiah Royce's late writings : collection of unpublished and scattered works (works relating to Josiah Royce). Volume 2
Late German idealism : Trendelenburg and Lotze
The idealism of Charles S. Peirce
From romantic irony to postmodernist metafiction : a contribution to the history of literary self-reflexivity in its philosophical context
Humanism : philosophical essays
How to be a philosopher, or How to be almost certain that almost nothing is certain
Hegelian metaphysics
The abyss of representation : Marxism and the postmodern sublime
Reason in philosophy : animating ideas
Conservative echoes in Fin-de-siècle Parisian art criticism
Kant's transcendental idealism : an interpretation and defense
Understanding German idealism
Wilhelm Dilthey's philosophy pf history
Transcendentalism never came to an end in America. It just went underground for a stretch, but is back in full force in Robert Brandom's new book. Brandom takes up Kant and Hegel and explores their contemporary significance as if little time had expired since intellectuals gathered around Emerson in Concord to discuss reason and idealism, selves, freedom, and community. Brandom's discussion belongs to a venerable tradition that distinguishes us as rational animals, and philosophy by its concern to understand, articulate, and explain the notion of reason that is thereby cast in that crucial demarcating role. An emphasis on our capacity to reason, rather than merely to represent, has been growing in philosophy over the last thirty years, and Robert Brandom has been at the center of this development. "Reason in Philosophy" is the first book that gives a succinct overview of his understanding of the role of reason as the structure at once of our minds and our meanings - what constitutes us as free, responsible agents. The job of philosophy is to introduce concepts and develop expressive tools for expanding our self-consciousness as sapients: explicit awareness of our discursive activity of thinking and acting, in the sciences, politics, and the arts. This is a paradigmatic work of contemporary philosophy.
The social philosophy of English idealism
Counterfactuals and scientific realism
"The American way" : family and community in the shaping of the American identity
The discovery of historicity in German idealism and historism
The health of nations : society and law beyond the state
Coleridge, philosophy and religion : Aids to Reflection and the mirror of the spirit
Current issues in idealism
A history of philosophy. Volume 7, Modern philosophy : From the post-Kantian idealists to Marx, Kierkegaard, and Nietzsche
A system of pragmatic idealism. Vol. 2, The validity of values : a normative theory of evaluative rationality
Ethics : a beginner's guide
