http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5141 syllabi (programmes)
syllabi (programmes)
Abstract: Training professionals for the global marketplace. Cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business.
Adult Education Practices in the Bachelor's Degree Programme in Business Information Systems
Women and literacy
Envisioning process as content : toward a renaisssance curriculum
Nordic welfare societies
This training course combines interactive video and a printed reference to teach students the fundamentals of Adobe After Effects CS6. Experienced instructors present 10 hours of high quality HD video, complete with lesson files, assessment quizzes and review materials. The video is wrapped in a unique interface that allows the student to jump to any topic and also bookmark individual sections for later review. The unique Watch-and-Work mode shrinks the video into a small window to allow the student to work alongside in After Effects. Project files used in the lessons are included on the disc so students can practice what they've learned, and interactive review questions help reinforce freshly gained knowledge.
Schooling
Mitmekeelne õppekeskkond - võimaluste paljus : 17 aastat keelekümblust = Multilingual learning environments - multitude of possibilities. 17 years of language immersion
"The intent of the publication is to help librarians cultivate strategies and approaches for developing data information literacy programs of their own using the work done in the multiyear, IMLS-supported Data Information Literacy (DIL) project as real-world case studies. The initial chapters introduce the concepts and ideas behind data information literacy, such as the twelve data competencies. The middle chapters describe five case studies in data information literacy conducted at different institutions (Cornell, Purdue, Minnesota, Oregon), each focused on a different disciplinary area in science and engineering. They detail the approaches taken, how the programs were implemented, and the assessment metrics used to evaluate their impact. The later chapters include the "DIL Toolkit," a distillation of the lessons learned, which is presented as a handbook for librarians interested in developing their own DIL programs. The book concludes with recommendations for future directions and growth of data information literacy. More information about the DIL project can be found on the project's website: datainfolit.org"--
Learn English with Asterix and son : Disc 2. Disc 2.
Time for a change? : a critical analysis of two broadcasts for schools: "Time for English I", "Time for English II"
Finnish summary.
Investigating programmed language instruction
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Managing IT/community partnerships in the 21st century
Developing Music Management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management
The child speaks : a speech improvement program for Kindergarten and first grade
Mastering pool : instructional DVD. Volume 3, Advanced level
Whose ETSIP? : national and local ownership of Namibia's education and training sector improvement programme
This is Britain. Level 1.
Total training for Adobe Photoshop CS2
Contemporary curriculum : in thought and action
The theory and practice of building pedagogical skill in Finnish teacher education
Study in Finland : international programmes in Finnish higher education 1997-98
Television's impact on children and adolescents : a special interest resource guide in education
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
Course offerings : 1997-1998
Demonstations of Adobe Photoshop CS2 and its features by training host, Deke McClelland.
Response requirement and information about correct responses in programmed instruction
Principles into practice in early childhood education
Adobe After Effects CS6 : learn by video
Planning programs for adult learners : a practical guide
Comparative analysis of forestry curricula for the development of ICT in forestry education
American English file. 1 : class DVD
Study in Finland : international programmes in Finnish Higher education 1998-99
Total training for Macromedia Flash Professional 8
Inch loss yoga
Course design for university lecturers
Campus and classroom : making schooling multicultural
Teaching machines and programed learning. 2, Data and directions
Educating students with high ability
American English file. 4
Abstract: Cross-evaluation Reports of the Degree Programmes in Automation  Technology, Software Engineering, and Information Technology.
Fundamentals of evaluating sign language programs : checklists for program assessment
Adult literacy and development : stories from the field
Instructional regulation and control : cybernetics, algorithmization and heuristics in education
Study in Finland : international programmes in Finnish higher education 1996-97
Nutrition health project using an ICT-based learning environment : participatory action research in Eastern Finland
Data information literacy : librarians, data, and the education of a new generation of researchers
Chemistry : course companion
Training professionals for the global marketplace: cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
Mastering pool. Volume 3 : Advanced level : instructional DVD
If design award 2001 : ecology, interaction volume 1.
12 aastat keelekümblust = 12 years of language immersion
The American surprise
Gymstick pilates
Time for a change? : a critical analysis of two broadcasts for schools : Time for English I, Time for English II
International Master's Programmes at the University of Oulu : internal evaluation report 2011/2012
This is Britain. Level 2.
English round the world
Instructional computing : an action guide for educators
Interactive-lessons by computer
Assessment and development of the Degree Programme in Tourism in Tampere University of Applied Sciences
Mobile development with Adobe Flash professional CS5.5 and Flash Builder 4.5
Benchmarking innovative curricula design process over continents
Postgraduate studies in history and civilization, economics, law, political and social sciences. 1998/1999, Academic year
Planning programs for adult learners : a practical guide for educators, trainers, and staff developers
21st century a to z literacy handbook : linking literacy with software : a handbook for education and training
Arts Unlimited : portrait of an aesthetic education program
Mastering pool. Volume 1 : Beginner level : instructional DVD
"Frame-size" and individual differences in programmed instruction
The green island ; What's on?
Digital golf school : lähipeli
Designing multimedia environments for children
Life. Upper Intermediate : DVD
"Given the increasing attention to managing, publishing, and preserving research datasets as scholarly assets, what competencies in working with research data will graduate students in STEM disciplines need to be successful in their fields? And what role can librarians play in helping students attain these competencies? In addressing these questions, this book articulates a new area of opportunity for librarians and other information professionals, developing educational programs that introduce graduate students to the knowledge and skills needed to work with research data. The term "data information literacy" has been adopted with the deliberate intent of tying two emerging roles for librarians together. By viewing information literacy and data services as complementary rather than separate activities, the contributors seek to leverage the progress made and the lessons learned in each service area. The intent of the publication is to help librarians cultivate strategies and approaches for developing data information literacy programs"--
Writing for visual media
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
Art Center College of Design
American English file. 3
Training professionals for the global marketplace : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
Abstract: Follow-up and evaluation of the teacher education development programme 2005.
Mastering pool : instructional DVD. Volume 2, Intermediate level
Teachers' guide to designing classroom software
Televised instruction : a series of lectures from Wayne-RCA invitational conference on televised instruction, June 19-22, 1961.
Postgraduate degrees in European integration
The systematic design of instruction
Children and educational television in Finland : comments and research
Early childhood education : a developmental curriculum
Latin dance : workout for beginners and beyond
Report of the Commission of Inquiry into English : balancing literature, language and media in the National Curriculum
The early childhood curriculum
Erittely opetuskäyttöön tarkoitettujen televisio-ohjelmien tuottamisesta = A review of the production of eductional TV-programs
Managing stress : principles and strategies for health and wellbeing : instructor's resource manual to accompany
Comparing emergency medical services and paramedic education between Finland and England
Professional and amateur dance syllabus
Study in Finland : international programmes in Finnish higher education 1998-99
The marketing mix : interactive business CD-ROM
Neither fish nor fowl : educational broadcasting in Sweden 1930-2000
Planning Programs for Adult Learners, Third Edition covers the development of adult education programs in clear, specific detail. This popular step-by-step guide contains information on every area of program planning for adult learners, from understanding the purpose of educational programs to obtaining suitable facilities to incorporating technology appropriately. For educators and practitioners for whom planning programs is a full-time responsibility or only a part of their jobs, as well as volunteers in a variety of organizations, will find this book to be an essential tool.
Programme 2004 : January - July
Young in america
Adult education practices in the bachelor's Degree Programme in Business Information Systems
Learning Autodesk Maya 2013 : a video introduction
Effective teaching methods
Teaching toward the 24th century : Star Trek as social curriculum
Mastering pool. Volume 2 : Intermediate level : instructional DVD
Online product tutorial for ABB protection relays
Programme 2003 : January - July
The social construction of learning and teaching in a classroom community of inquiry
London Adventures
Accreditation model for study programmes in hotel and restaurant services
Curriculum planning : a new approach
Grouprograms
Communicativeness in two language cd-roms
Interactive problem solving using LOGO
Teaching skills in further & adult education
Ballet workout
Learn English with Dora! : the Finnish version of Dora the Explorer as a way of teching English vocabulary
Entrepreneurship programs and the modern university
The reception of and response to modern language teaching programmes by television intended for the general public
Programme 2002 : August-December
Turn of the century man in discourse on the humanities : first joint seminar, Arbavere 7th-9th October, 1995 : abstracts
Adobe Photoshop Elements 11 : learn by video
Total training for Adobe Premiere Pro 1.5
Mastering pool : instructional DVD. Volume 1, Beginner level
The passionate educators : voluntary associations and the struggle for control of adult educational broadcasting in Canada 1919-52
Bachelor of social sciences
Overview and Appliance of Some Streaming Media Software Solutions : case: streaming media technology applied to distance education in Huatai Securities Co., Ltd
Instructional planning : a guide for teachers
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Total training for Website Design : Extreme Website Makeover
Hard skills or soft skills? Findings about importance of various skills in work
Tools for business : welcome to our company!
Atomic platters : Cold War music from the golden age of homeland security
Abstract: Developing Music Management in European collaboration. Cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management.
Learning and teaching in pharmacy : a review on research informing curriculum development in the Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Helsinki
Atomic Platters : Cold War Music from The Age of Homeland Security
TV production for education : a systems approach
Study of the pedagogical need of TV-instruction in Finnish universities
Education for sustainable development at TAMK : a look at four degree programmes
Structure analysis system for computer assisted learning programs
Retaining at-risk students : the role of career and vocational education
Towards excellence in teaching : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes in the University of Helsinki
On roots and branches of LSP curricula : a case study of FL learning needs and curriculum design in agricultural education at Finnish polytechnics
Successful use of teaching portfolios
Physics : course companion
Digital golf school : svingi
[Summary]: Evaluation of educational programs för schools on radio and television.
A peek inside the Pikkutikka's nest hole : the programmes of the Nature School Pikkutikka during the years 2005-2007
Teachers and machines : the classroom use of technology since 1920
