http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5146 genomics
genomics
Plant genes, genomes and genetics
Molecular evolution of testes transcriptomes and response to sperm competition
Abstract.
Genomic clinical trials and predictive medicine
Statistical theory and methods for evolutionary genomics
Creating a new racial order : how immigration, multiracialism, genomics, and the young can remake race in America
Systems and mechanistic understanding of genetic predisposition to prostate cancer
Avian Evolutionary Genomics: Studies of Ficedula Flycatchers
Parallelization of two-locus epistasis detection in a high performance computing (HPC) system
Weedy and invasive plant genomics
Cancer systems biology
Structural and evolutionary genomics : natural selection in genome evolution
"Our fates lie in our genes and not in the stars, said James Watson, co-discoverer of the structure of DNA. But Watson could not have predicted the scale of the industry now dedicated to this new frontier. Since the launch of the multibillion-dollar Human Genome Project, the biosciences have promised miracle cures and radical new ways of understanding who we are. But where is the new world we were promised? In Genes, Cells and Brains, feminist sociologist Hilary Rose and neuroscientist Steven Rose take on the bioscience industry and its claims. Examining the establishment of biobanks, the rivalries between public and private genesequencers, and the rise of stem cell research, they ask why the promised cornucopia of health benefits has failed to emerge and reveal the questionable enterprise that has grown out of bioethics. The human body is becoming a commodity, and the unfulfilled promises of the science behind this revolution suggest profound failings in genomics itself." -- (Verso)
Electrochemistry of nucleic acids and proteins : towards electrochemical sensors for genomics and proteomics. Volume 1
Evolution : a view from the 21st century
The analysis of the genome of AP50, a Bacillus anthracis infecting bacteriophage, from an evolutionary perspective
Emerging technologies : from hindsight to foresight
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Genomics and Genetic Transformation of Horticultural Crops : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
"The claim that genomics-related knowledge and practices are redefining - or even threatening - ʼnatureʼ or 'the natural' remains an important feature of academic debates and is even influencing public policy. Yet, many of the controversial issues raised by advancements in genome research remain vastly under-explored: What 'natureʼ is being constituted or transformed? How exactly is it being transformed, and by whom? Nature After The Genome explores the relationship between developments in genomic technologies and our knowledge and understanding of nature. The question of nature and how social science might go about its conceptualisation is addressed through several revealing case studies by scholars and specialists in relevant fields. Based on cutting edge empirical research, issues such as synthetic biology, stem cell research, agricultural biotechnology, adolescent obesity and puberty, animal behaviour, molecular biology and biodiversity are explored. Essays also seek to discover the extent to which developments in genomics are reshaping the epistemology and ontology of nature and the specific implications for individuals and collectivities - human and non-human - of rethinking our world through genetic knowledge. Provocative and illuminating, Nature After The Genome represents an important new contribution to a field of endeavour that seeks to understand the very nature of nature"--
Starting by describing the structure of proteins and explaining how these structures can be studied, this book goes on to illustrate the wide range of protein functions by showing how the shape of a protein is intimately linked to its function.
Bioconductor case studies
Plant Stress Biology : from Genomics to Systems Biology
Through the course of prehistory in India : tracing the mtDNA trail
The author's principle intention is to show that whilst genomics is revealing new and previously unanticipated mechanisms and sources of variability that must be incorporated into evolutionary theory, there is no reason to dismiss the role of natural selection as the mechanism that sorts out these potentialities.
Genetic mapping in experimental populations
Power Laws, Scale-Free Networks and Genome Biology
A Content-independent approach for the comparative analysis of viral genomes
Workshop on Status and Trends in Aquatic Genetic Resources : a basis for international policy : 8-10 May 2006, Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
Exploring personal genomics
Proceedings of the Joint Meeting of the Fourteenth Crucifer Genetics Workshop and Fourth ISHS Symposium on Brassicas : Daejeon, Korea, October 24-28, 2004
Genomes and genomics of nitrogen-fixing organisms
The genome generation
Human genetics and genomics
Principles and practices of plant genomics. Vol. 1, Genome mapping
Genetics, genomics, and breeding of conifers
Gene expression : from microarrays to functional genomics
European research for a healthier future
Systems Analysis of Human Multigene Disorders
What can we learn from the genes of our closest evolutionary relatives? Beginning with the study of DNA in Egyptian mummies in the early 1980s and culminating in his sequencing of the Neanderthal genome in 2009.  From Paabo, we learn how Neanderthal genes offer a unique window into the lives of our hominin relatives and may hold the key to unlocking the mystery of why humans survived while Neanderthals went extinct.  Drawing on genetic and fossil clues, Paabo explores what is known about the origin of modern humans and their relationship to the Neanderthals and describes the fierce debate surrounding the nature of the two species' interactions
Parsimony, phylogeny, and genomics
Integration, analysis and preservation of yeast phenomics data
Nature after the genome
Functional genomics of the Glanville fritillary butterfly
Solanaceae VI : genomics meets biodiversity : proceedings of the VIth International Solanaceae Conference, Madison, Wisconsin, USA, July 23-27, 2006
The 10,000 year explosion : how civilization accelerated human evolution
The dictionary of gene technology : genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics
My beautiful genome : exposing our genetic future, one quirk at a time
The molecules of life : physical and chemical principles
The origins of genome architecture
Human genetics : concepts and applications
In silico genomics and proteomics : functional annotation of genomes and proteins
Advance in Structural Bioinformatics
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on Edible Alliaceae, Fukuoja, Japan May 21-24, 2012
"Nature After The Genome features a series of case studies that explore the relationship between developments in genomic technologies and our knowledge and understanding of nature. Features the latest research and empirical data on social science relating to genomic technologies. Represents a multidisciplinary approach to the the topic. Addresses controversial questions raised by genome research and our understanding of nature."--
Accounting for population admixture in genomic evaluations
Digital code of life : how bioinformatics is revolutionizing science, medicine, and business
A functional genomics approach to the study of alkaloid biosynthesis and metabolism in Nicotiana tabacum and Hyoscyamus muticus cell cultures
Introduction to computational genomics : a case studies approach
Bioinformatics : a practical approach
People, plants, and genes : the story of crops and humanity
De novo transctiptome assembly and annotation of the isopod Idotea balthica
Genetic analysis of demography and selection in Lyrate rockcress (Arabidopsis lyrata) populations
"The year 2001 saw the completion of the human genome project, the culmination of a fourteen-year, $3 billion international race to read every letter of the code that makes up a human being. Reading this code was the most profound revelation in the history of knowledge, with the potential to unveil the secret of what makes us human. After three years of investigation, Elizabeth Finkel brings us the biggest news stories from the genetics frontier. She looks at the revolution in the areas of medicine, agriculture and evolution, travelling from Botswana to Boston, from Singapore to Mexico, from wheatfields in the Wimmera plains to laboratories all over Australia to help us understand what is happening in 'The Genome Generation'"--P. [4] of cover.
Medical biotechnology
Genome-wide comparison of nematode transcriptomes : a novel application of microarrays
Management, integration and sharing of DNA microarray data
Analysis of high-dimensional and left-censored data with applications in lipidomics and genomics
Recombinant DNA : genes and genomes : a short course
Data mining for genomics and proteomics : analysis of gene and protein expression data
Comparative and functional genome analysis of fungi for development of the protein production host Trichoderma reesei
Genomics and bioinformatics approaches in search of molecular pathomechanisms of saccular intracranial aneurysm : a complex disease
Avian evolutionary genomics : studies of Ficedula flycatchers
Concepts of genetics
Bayesian methods in bacterial population genomics
Genomics in regulatory ecotoxicology : applications and challenges
Computational text analysis : for functional genomics and bioinformatics
The cyanobacteria : molecular biology, genomics and evolution
Functional genetics of industrial yeasts
Mu in vitro transposition technology in functional genetics and genomics : applications on mouse and bacteriophages
"Researchers in the field of ecological genomics aim to determine how a genome or a population of genomes interacts with its environment across ecological and evolutionary timescales. Ecological genomics is trans-disciplinary by nature. Ecologists have turned to genomics to be able to elucidate the mechanistic bases of the biodiversity their research tries to understand. Genomicists have turned to ecology in order to better explain the functional cellular and molecular variation they observed in their model organisms. We provide an advanced-level book that covers this recent research and proposes future development for this field. A synthesis of the field of ecological genomics emerges from this volume. Ecological Genomics covers a wide array of organisms (microbes, plants and animals) in order to be able to identify central concepts that motivate and derive from recent investigations in different branches of the tree of life. Ecological Genomics covers 3 fields of research that have most benefited from the recent technological and conceptual developments in the field of ecological genomics: the study of life-history evolution and its impact of genome architectures; the study of the genomic bases of phenotypic plasticity and the study of the genomic bases of adaptation and speciation." -- (Back Cover)
The limits to governance : the challenge of policy-making for the new life sciences
Proceedings of the Ist International Symposium in Biotechnology of Fruit Species, Biotechfruit 2008 : Dresden, Germany, September 1-5, 2008.. Vol. 2
Genomics and bioinformatics : an introduction to programming tools for life scientists
Archaea : ancient microbes, extreme environments, and the origin of life
Avian evolutionary genomics : studies of Fidecula flycatchers
Proceedings of the IXth International Symposium on Integrating Canopy, Rootstock and Environmental Physiology in Orchard Systems. Vol. 1 : Geneva, New York, USA, August 4-8, 2008
Proceedings of the VIIth International Peach Symposium : Lleida, Spain, June 8-11, 2009
Genetics and philosophy : an introduction
Nutrigenomics : opportunities in Asia
Owning the genome : a moral analysis of DNA patenting
Proceedings of the XIIIth Eucarpia Symposium on Fruit Breeding and Genetics : Warsaw, Poland September 11-15, 2011
Evolutionary genomics and proteomics
The p97 ATPase and the Drosophila Proteasome : protein unfolding and regulation
Proceedings of Cycad 2008 : the 8th International Conference on Cycad Biology, 13 - 15 January 2008, Panama City, Panama
Ecological genomics : ecology and the evolution of genes and genomes
Genetics to genomics : landmark discoveries from the Minnesota agricultural experiment station
Incredible anaerobes : from physiology to genomics to fuels
Yeast gene analysis
Advanced methods in diagnostic genetic laboratory
Genome-wide regulation of glucocorticoid signaling by SUMO modifications
Stem cell transplantation : biology, processes, therapy
Genomes and what to make of them
Introduction to genomics
Genes, cells and brains : the Promethean promises of the new biology
Medical physiology : a cellular and molecular approach
Bacterial pathogenomics
Introduction to ecological genomics
Mathematics of evolution and phylogeny
The dynamic genome : a Darwinian approach
"Evolutionary genomics is a relatively new research field with the ultimate goal of understanding the underlying evolutionary and genetic mechanisms for the emergence of genome complexity under changing environments. It stems from an integration of high throughput data from functional genomics, statistical modelling and bioinformatics, and the procedure of phylogeny-based analysis. Statistical Theory and Methods for Evolutionary Genomics summarises the statistical framework of evolutionary genomics, and illustrates how statistical modelling and testing can enhance our understanding of functional genomic evolution. The book reviews the recent developments in methodology from an evolutionary perspective of genome function, and incorporates substantial examples from high throughput data in model organisms. In addition to phylogeny-based functional analysis of DNA sequences, the author includes extensive discussion on how new types of functional genomic data (e.g. microarray) can provide exciting new insights into the evolution of genome function, which can lead in turn to an understanding of the emergence of genome complexity during evolution".
Bioinformatic approaches for integration of genomic information
Phylogenomics : a primer
Genetics and genomics in medicine
Systems biology. Vol. 2, Networks, models, and applications
Genetics : analysis of genes and genomes
Immunotoxicology and immunopharmacology
Color atlas of genetics
Proceedings of the Fourth International Symposium on Cucurbits : Changsha, Hunan, China, September 21 - 26, 2009
Proceedings of the XIIth International Workshop on Fire Blight : Warsaw, Poland, August 16-20, 2010
Animal genomics for animal health : Paris, France, 25-27 October 2007
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Berries : From Genomics to Sustainable Production, Quality and Health : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Neanderthal man : in search of lost genomes
Biotechnology
Vascular endothelial growth factors and their receptors in endothelial cells and in pathological conditions
Root genomics and soil interactions
Nutrigenetics and nutrigenomics
Asthma is a chronic relapsing airways disease that represents a major public health problem worldwide. Intermittent exacerbations are provoked by airway mucosal exposure to pro-inflammatory stimuli, with RNA viral infections or inhaled allergens representing the two most common precipitants. In this setting, inducible signaling pathways the airway mucosa play a central role in the initiation of airway inflammation through production of antimicrobial peptides (defensins), cytokines, chemokines and arachidonic acid metabolites that coordinate the complex processes of vascular permeability, cellular recruitment, mucous hyper-secretion, bronchial constriction and tissue remodeling. These signals also are responsible for leukocytic infiltration into the submucosa, T helper-lymphocyte skewing, and allergic sensitization. Currently, it is well appreciated that asthma is a heterogeneous in terms of onset, exacerbants, severity, and treatment response. Current asthma classification methods are largely descriptive and focus on a single aspect or dimension of the disease. An active area of investigation on how to collect, use and visualize multidimensional profiling in asthma. This book will overview multidimensional profiling strategies and visualization approaches for phenotyping asthma. As an outcome, this work will facilitate the understanding of disease etiology, prognosis and/or therapeutic intervention.
Biomediale : contemporary society and genomic culture / edited and curated by Dmitry Bulatov
Genome analysis : current procedures and applications
Life at the speed of light : from the double helix to the dawn of digital life
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Citrus Biotechnology : Catania, Italy, November 30 - December 2, 2009
A short guide to the human genome
Molecular and biophysical mechanisms of arousal, alertness, and attention
Introduction to genetic analysis
My beautiful genome : explosing our genetic future, one quirk at a time
Chemical genomic : reviews and protocols
Bioinformatics and functional genomics
DNA and biotechnology
Genetic response to pollution in sticklebacks; natural selection in the wild
"Genetics and Genomics in Medicine is a new textbook written for undergraduate and graduate students, as well as medical researchers, which explains the science behind the uses of genetics and genomics in medicine today. It is not just about rare inherited and chromosomal disorders, but how genetics affects the whole spectrum of human health and disease. DNA technologies are explained, with emphasis on the modern techniques that have revolutionized the use of genetic information in medicine and are indicating the role of genetics in common complex diseases. The detailed, integrative coverage of genetic approaches to treatment and prevention includes pharmacogenomics and the prospects for personalized medicine. Cancers are essentially genetic diseases and are given a dedicated chapter that includes new insights from cancer genome sequencing. Clinical disorders are covered throughout and there are extensive end-of-chapter questions and problems"--Provided by publisher.
New visions of nature : complexity and authenticity
Molecular biology : principles of genome function
Human genetics : the basics
Effects of dietary carbohydrate modification on persons with metabolic syndrome : a transcriptomics approach of adipose tissue
Primer of genetic analysis : a problems approach
"Genetic linkage maps are an increasingly important tool in both fundamental and applied research, enabling the study and deployment of genes that determine important biological traits. This concise introduction to genetic mapping in species with disomic inheritance enables life science graduate students and researchers to use mapping software to produce more reliable results. After a brief refresher on meiosis and genetic recombination, the steps in the map construction procedure are described, with explanations of the computations involved. The emphasis throughout is on the practical application of the methods described; detailed mathematical formulae are avoided and exercises are included to help readers consolidate their understanding. A chapter on recognising and solving problems provides valuable guidance for dealing with real-life situations. An extensive chapter dedicated to the more complex situation of outbreeding species offers a unique insight into the approach required for many economically important and model species, both plants and animals"--Provided by publisher.
Fungal genomics : methods and protocols
Proceedings of the IXth International Conference on Grape Genetics and Breeding : Udine, Italy, July, 2-6, 2006
Understanding the genetic architecture underlying complex multigene disorders is one of the major goals of human genetics in the upcoming decades. Advances in whole genome sequencing and the success of high throughput functional genomics allow supplementing conventional reductionist biology with systems-level approaches to human heredity and health as systems of interacting genetic, epigenetic, and environmental factors. This integrative approach holds the promise of unveiling yet unexplored levels of molecular organization and biological complexity. It may also hold the key to deciphering the multigene patterns of disease inheritance
A primer of genome science
Introduction to protein science : architecture, function, and genomics
