http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5149 distribution of delivery
distribution of delivery delivery (logistics)
"Preface. In industrialized countries, distribution systems deliver electricity literally everywhere, taking power generated at many locations and delivering it to end users. Generation, transmission, and distribution--of these big three components of the electricity infrastructure, the distribution system gets the least attention. Yet, it is often the most critical component in terms of its effect on reliability and quality of service, cost of electricity, and aesthetic (mainly visual) impacts on society. Like much of the electric utility industry, several political, economic, and technical changes are pressuring the way distribution systems are built and operated. Deregulation has increased pressures on electric power utilities to cut costs and has focused emphasis on reliability and quality of electric service. The great fear of deregulation is that service will suffer because of cost cutting. Regulators and utility consumers are paying considerable attention to reliability and quality. Another change that is brewing is the introduction of distributed generation on the distribution system. Generators at the distribution level can cause problems (and have benefits if properly applied). New loads such as plug-in vehicles may be on the horizon. Customers are pressing for lower costs, better reliability, and less visual impact from utility distribution systems. Deregulation and technical changes increase the need by utility engineers for better information. This book helps fill some of those needs in the area of electric distribution systems. The first few chapters of the book focus on equipment-oriented information and applications such as choosing transformer connections, sizing and placing capacitors, and setting regulators"--
Cases in marketing management
Changing pattern of the distribution of consumer goods in the People's Republic of China
Buyer power and competition policy in food supply chains has emerged as an important economic issue and a highly sensitive item on the policy agenda around the world. In Finland, the increasing concentration of the distribution sector and processing industry has raised concern over the existence and gradual growth of buyer power in these sectors. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the possible existence of buyer power in the Finnish food supply chain. More specifically, we follow an approach used by Lloyd et al. (2009) to measure oligopsony power among the Finnish food industry and retailers against farmers. The results suggest that the spread between producer and retailer prices in Finland is not consistent with perfectly competitive behaviour, and might thus be caused, at least as a candidate amongst other factors, by the existence of oligopsony power in the Finnish food supply chain.
Internal logistics as a part of supply chain : case : Nokia-China, Dongguang Branch
Technology and workflows for multiple channel content distribution : infrastructure implementation strategies for converged production
Direct-2-fan business model in music business
Potentials of Chinese cosmetic market
Managing and motivating your agents and distributors
On reliability and performance analyses of IEC 61850 for digital SAS
"Milk Run" : materials scheduled collecting system
Improving channel sales in a software company
Distributor satisfaction study for the company Ab Hur Oy
Publishing Multimedia on the Web: Manipulating video in real-time
Abstract: Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance. The purpose of this dissertation was first to identify some of the common and prevailing discourses on community participation and water supply governance in developing countries as a whole, and South Africa in particular. Secondly, the study was intended to discuss why and how particular perceptions and practices continue to be so influential in the area of water supply governance. The research conducted for this dissertation consisted of an extensive and critical review of various forms of relevant secondary data. In the first part of this study, different definitions of community participation and water supply governance, as well as ideas on how and why these concepts are linked, were discussed in general terms. Postmodern theory relating to truth claims, power and discourses was also included in order to deploy a particular analysing tool for the second part of the study. The latter sections of the dissertation focused respectively on deconstructing topic-related South African governmental publications as well as analysing and discussing common water supply and community participation discourses in the framework of different South African case examples. This study found that discussions revolving around water supply easily become limited to contrasting public and private forms of ownership and management, although in actuality the same - largely neoliberal principles - often seem to guide both options. It was also discovered that new discourses are emerging, such as basic water supply as a universal human right and community participation in water supply governance as a form of empowerment for marginalised community members. Postmodern analysis, however, has additionally suggested that while decentralisation of water governance and participatory approaches are already becoming an integral part of water policies, this redefinition is still far from truly replacing the common centralising practices and influential neoliberal discourses.
Environmental plant production and marketing
A study of the evolution of concentration in the Danish food distribution industry
Designing and managing the supply chain : concepts, strategies, and case studies
Developing the transportation process at Metso Minerals Inc, Tampere Works
Comparative analysis of Finnish and Russian regulating documents on water supply and drainage of residential buildings
Principles and practice of marketing
A study of the evolution of concentration in the food distribution industry for the United Kingdom. 1, Industry structure and concentration
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
Intercultural management competence in Finnish multicultural working life : case Aamujakelu Oy
Inventory management explained : a focus on forecasting, lot sizing, safety stock and ordering systems
Marketing Hospitality
Operations and supply management : the core
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry
Market Entry Plan For A Vietnamese Industrial Company : case: European Plastic Joint Stock Company
International software distribution : selecting suitable channels for business software products
Techtv's secrets of the digital studio / insider's guide to desktop recording
"Distribution Revolution is a collection of interviews with leading film and TV professionals concerning the many ways that digital delivery systems are transforming almost every aspect of the entertainment business. These interviews provide lively insider accounts from studio moguls, distribution executives, and creative talent about the tumultuous transformation of film and TV in the Internet era"--
RESTRUCTURING BUSINESS OPERATIONS IN GERMANY: A CASE STUDY
Magazine editing : in print and online
Strategic marketing
The thesis was commisioned by Oy Aurinkomatkat – Suntours Ltd Ab. The main objectives of the study were to explore how Central European tour operators view the traditional travel brochure in their marketing. The main questions were the following: what is its condition now and how is it expected to be materialized in the future, what is the number of imprented brochures, what other significant marketing channels are employed and what is the sales distribution between direct-selling and online selling.     The literature review was composed by using previous studies related to this particular subject and by diverse literature on tourism marketing and management. The stufy itself was conducted by means of structured and theme interviews. All the data were collected between the period of March 2010 and March 2011. The respondents represent the  management of each company.      The main findings of the study reveal that the Finnish tour operators, TUI based Finnmatkat and Tjäreborg, have abandoned the traditional travel brochure recently whereas the other TUI partners, TUI Ukraine and TUI Deutschland, still maintain the production and have not planned to end the production anytime soon. The reasons for the Finnish tour operators rejection of brochures included the lack of demand, environmental issues and the lack of financial, temporal and human resources as well as the huge transition into online based planning and booking. Environmental reasons seemed to be more important factors for Tjäreborg whereas Finnmatkat did not even mention the ecological aspect. It is also significant to notice the differences between the leaflets now available for the customers. TUI Deutschland defends its decision of proceeding the production by presenting the huge selection of products and segments. TUI Ukraine regards traditional brochure as convenient and needed. However, it is also possible to build a successful business without any brochure, leaflet or flyer. L'Tur is a viable example of this.
Political economy and ecology of water control : dynamics of water policy reform and water justice in Taita Hills, South-Eastern Kenya
Heat Utilization and Consumption in Research Laboratory Building
Rantakoski Design's Case : Effective Distribution Strategy and Sales Channels
Contemporary logistics
Measuring delivery reliability : case: Xyrofin oy
Five essays on vertical contracting
Legitimating aid : donors and policy making in the rural water supply and sanitation sector in Nepal
Quantifying the agri-food supply chain
Environmental Sustainability of Water Supply Systems Implemented at RWSSP-WN
Marketing for tourism
DHL Spare part management : case: Cosmote,Greece
Consideration of using 3G cellular network to monitor ABB’s remote circuit breakers
Business opportunities in Northeastern China
Multi-stage production planning and inventory control
Today's purchasing and suppliers' policies
A study on prices and structures in the food distribution industries in Ireland and in the Netherlands
DHL Exel Supply Chain Hungary Ltd. which operates as logistics partner for Nokia Siemens Networks is the client of this work and the thesis described Nokia Siemens Network?s customer order-delivery process in two systems. These systems are ELOG and SAP R/3. The purpose of this thesis was to study the logistics supply chain management and control.  The work was carried out by studying Nokia Siemens Network's customer Cosmote spare part order- delivery process. The work was based on author's own practical experiences, which took place during work replacement period in the spring of 2010 in Budapest, Hungary. By studying the process the aim was to search possible weaknesses in both systems that were used to handle the orders and describe them as accurately as possible. Finally there were examinations on how these problems could be solved. This thesis described the order-delivery process and how it has evolved over the years. Also, what kinds of applications have resulted as the technology has developed. An example of this, is Nokia Siemens Networks customer's Cosmote spare part distribution in spare part management order-delivery type. Also, outsourcing and the possibilities that it delivers and challenges were described in its own chapter. Finally, there is a call center description in spare part management process and its role in the order-delivery process. The last chapter described problems in the customer order process and displayed possible changes and recommendations. The most important results were discussed with DHL. These results included preventing product- and person information lost in ELOG when dealing with orders and in SAP preventing duplication of product serial numbers. These points will be used as basis and monitor for other customer processes. Important conclusions were how vulnerable information systems are and how easily they can lose information between the parties. This has serious effects on the functionality of the supply chain from the subcontractor to the end customer.
The handbook of logistics & distribution management
Symbolicially embedded : essays on the creation and use of symbolic resources in furniture networks
International marketing
Supply chain management : processes, partnerships, performance
Distribution channels [Elektroninen aineisto] : understanding and managing channels to market
The other secret service : press distributors & press censorship
Vietnamese confectionery market analysis and entry plan : case: Candyking Finland Oy
Developing marketing and internationalization strategies for an ice arena supplier
Food supply chain management : issues for the hospitality and retail sectors
Internationalization of Finnish SMEs to Russia : a case of Jalas
Manufacturing processes : automation, materials, and packaging
Film distribution in the digital age : pirates and professionals
The aim for this study was to increase delivery reliability in large machine or structure delivery projects. The subject is still almost completely unstudied. Pragmatically the aim was to collect problems that cause loss of time and resources and therefore decrease of quality, to see if there are good practices or solutions to these projects and to test them in actual projects to see if they actually work and to get some data or evaluations about the saved resources. It took a much longer time than planned to complete this study, but this was rather a good thing for the project. This way it gave time to gather more experience-based knowledge, to see various practices in various projects, and most of all, gave time to try out the small improvements that make the difference. The method of having experience-based knowledge and other studies side by side brought depth and a good comparison to this study even though the other studies were not exactly about this topic. It was rather astonishing to notice that though there are hundreds and thousands studies about JIT (just in time) factory improvements and supply chain management for manufacturing industry, very little interest was given to delivery projects. The interviews revealed that every entity in this branch of business worries about some of these issues every now and then, but nobody had never given it a systematical approach. Quite remarkable is that the problems and solutions are the same in several different kinds of delivery projects. It is also interesting is that these problems are not usually one-of-a-kind and good practices are at least known, but still unused. Even small changes can make significant savings to project.The solutions introduced in this study have been proven efficient and that by implementing even some of them in use, a fair amount of resources can be saved. Therefore the study can be considered to be a success. Most of the actions are implemented to practice and thus the results can be considered reliable. Yet, there are still a great deal of possibilities to continue to study this matter and to go deeper in details as this study is at the general level.
This business of global music marketing
Annual editions : marketing 06/07
Intesifying the logistical chain of components
New sale and distribution channels to Cerealia Breakfast Cereals
Water Engineering : Hydraulics, Distribution and Treatment
"In order to run successful logistics operations managers need to have a vast breadth of knowledge of the tools and techniques needed to maintain efficiency in the supply chain.The Logistics Toolkit provides logistics managers in the areas of transport, warehousing and inventory with a comprehensive set of tools to tackle many of the day-to-day issues in order to drive efficiency and business success. In a busy, rapidly moving environment it offers quick, reliable advice and combines crucial logistics tools with key business techniques including SWOT analysis, Gantt Charts and Cause and Effect Analysis. Each tool is explained and put into context and examples are given of how it can be used within logistics"--
Finding a distributor in the German markets: a case study
Product characteristics favoring Merge-in-Transit distribution model
Short-Circuit Withstand Current Rating for Low Voltage Switchgear : Short-Circuit Current Rating (SCCR)
Spare part management of an electricity distribution network
In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery.
The aim of this study was to evaluate an application tool for the Company to see if the application tool would increase the use of the resources, make the selling process more effective and help the project management tasks and phases and decrease the time used for the deal. The whole delivery and sales processes from getting a lead to the final document delivery and into the project closure were examined. Additionally, the Company managers were interested in if the application tool can be used to make it easier for the Company distributors to generate accurate offers for the customers without massive help from the Company sales department. The marketing and sales functions of the Company were analysed and investigated by the researcher as well as the sales actions and functions of the company’s distributors. The methods were analysed and investigated to reveal the possible problems in the partner sales. After the thorough analyses were done, the outcomes were compared against the application tool to see if the application solves the problems. An action research approach was used as the researcher was an insider in the Company. The chosen approach may offer the researcher an easier access to information than an outsider would have. On the other hand, being the insider naturally means that the researcher must put special emphasis on the objectiveness of the study. The solution suggestions are cloud based services that are easy to implement and monitor and which are improving customer service, partner communication, and channel sales. They were chosen for the case Company instead of more traditional solutions as they better fit into the small company.
Distribution : planning and control
Logistics customer service and effect of distribution decisions on this in a case company
Delivery reliability : a study about delivery reliability in large machine or structure delivery projects
Tourism supply chain management
A study of the concentration, prices and mark-ups in the distribution of food products. 1, General approach and methodology for the analysis of price structures
Making short films : the complete guide from script to screen
Fingrid : corporate magazine Fingrid Oyj
Integration testing of protection relays
"Film Distribution in the Digital Age critically examines the evolution of the landscape of film distribution in recent years. In doing so, it argues that the interlocking ecosystem(s) of media dissemination must be considered holistically and culturally if we are to truly understand the transnational flows of cultural texts. Through a series of case studies and examples, the book presents the argument that rather than just representing the movement of an economic commodity, the act of film distribution also mediates and facilitates the social and professional relationships of film distributors. The fact that these distributors exist across a number of arenas (online/offline, official/unofficial) does not necessarily mean that their aims and motivations are necessarily distinct and oppositional. Indeed, this book argues that their actions come together to form a complex ecosystem of distribution that should be considered through the metaphor of symbiosis rather than parasitism. " --
Empirical “first-filter” test for the existence of buyer power in the Finnish food supply chain
Inadequate shipment information and its effect on intra-company processes
Abstract: Import channels and distribution of industrial foodstuffs in Finland.
International floriculture papers and statistics : Post harvest handling of cut flowers : selected papers
Improving food product distribution in developing countries : a case-study of Nigeria : an analysis of environmental forces influencing food distribution and recommendations for policy reform
Developing the loading process of a distribution vehicle in a dairy
Research developments in international marketing
The planning of export for a small/medium-sized company : case company: Finnwilla Oy/Ltd. = Viennin suunnittelu pk-yrityksellle : case yritys Finnwilla Oy
The distribution of consumer goods in the People's Republic of China : an empirical study of packaged food products
Food into cities : selected papers
Developing a Holiday Package in Swedish Lapland
The commissioner of this thesis is Prorink International, a company specialized in products and services required for sporting and recreational ice areas. The objective of this thesis is to find suitable ways for SMEs, the commissioner in particular, to develop their marketing and to become more international. The marketing part was the author’s idea and the commissioners wish was to also help them become more international. The theoretical part consists of marketing and internationalization theories, provided by acknowledged professionals on their fields. First, marketing principles are discussed and some attention is also given to B2B marketing, which is the market the commissioner operates in. The marketing theories are followed by internationalization and international marketing principles. The last theoretical part deals with marketing communication and distribution strategies. Desktop research was used in making the theoretical framework. The outcome of this thesis is recommendations for the commissioner on how to improve their marketing and what needs to be considered when becoming more international. This thesis suggests the commissioner some useful marketing activities to use on daily basis. In addition, this thesis provides the commissioner and readers with useful theories on marketing and internationalization. As a conclusion, the recommendations are there for the commissioner to work as a guideline and are mainly to be used for the ice paints but they can be easily modified and used to other products as well. There might be some issues in taking the recommendations into action due to lack of resources, even though they are chosen to suit an SME. As for development suggestions a business plan would be something very useful for the company and the commissioner could get OUAS students to do that for them.
Abstract: Furniture distribution and cooperation with local distributors in St. Petersburg.
Joensuu region : business and technology
B2B Guide to Ukraine : a study on sales and distribution strategy. case: Planmeca Oy
Foundation marketing
Digital Music Distribution Channels for Independent Bands
Music 4.1 : a survival guide for making music in the Internet age
Improved economy and better quality in the distribution of chilled foods
usability and security in medication administration applications
FAO/WHO guide for developing and improving national food recall systems
Introduction to global logistics : delivering the goods
Consumers' perceptions of ethical products
"The new edition of Introduction to Global Logistics considers how the logistics industry has developed; how it is influenced by macro-economic factors and demand-side trends; what the risks are to the industry and how it will develop over the coming years. Author John Manners-Bell examines individual logistics segments looking at each one's unique microeconomic dynamics. He explains how logistics companies' revenues and profitability are affected by a downturn and how this is governed by such factors as whether they own assets or manage them.Chapters define, explore, and describe six key logistics segments: freight forwarding, contract logistics, shipping, road freight, air cargo, and express, while also examining the individual supply chain dynamics and logistics demands of the major vertical sectors: Automotive, Chemical, Pharmaceutical, Retail, Consumer, and High Tech. The book covers important trends and developments that are shaping the industry, including 3D printing, megacities, and post-harvest food losses"--
Direct retailing as an international distribution channel : Case: Reima-Tutta Oy
Solar Energy : A Sustainable Solution to Rural Electricity Problems in Nigeria
Aspects of electric vehicles and demand response in electricity grids
A study of the evolution of concentration in the beverages industry for the United Kingdom. 2, The distribution of alcoholic and soft drinks
Exporting Long Drink to Vietnam :
case: A Finnish Brewery
Manufacturer and foreign distributor business relationship
Dawn Iacobucci's Marketing Management, 1E provides the material that first-year MBA students need to gain a mastery of core concepts in marketing management. Students will be able to quickly begin applying concepts to cases, group work, and/or simulations that are assigned in their course. Marketing Management issues can be organized around an easy-to-remember framework of 5Cs, STP, and 4Ps. In real life, marketing is fun. Books on marketing should be too!
Marketing channels : a relationship management approach
Factors affecting efficiency of LVDC distribution network : power electronics perspective
DELIVERY RELIABILITY : A Study about Delivery Reliability in Large Machine or Structure Delivery Projects
The international film business : a market guide beyond Hollywood
Global distribution systems (GDSs) in the tourism industry : draft : a study prepared for WTO
The videomaker guide to video production
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to explore the different ways of publishing multimedia content on the web using HTML5 to allow an easier and more effective implementation of the dynamic content on the web.    A brief history and overview of HTML and its progression are covered to show how HTML5s development came about. HTML5 features are discussed focusing mainly on HTML5 video, audio and canvas. The practical part of the project includes the development of a custom player that is implemented using HTML5, JavaScript and cascading style sheets.    With the help of this thesis, one would be able to build a custom video player that would allow easier customization with JavaScript and cascading style sheets, depending on the developers competence. It would also allow the developer to develop the application further as the basics are provided in this thesis. The results of the project were tested on different devices and browsers in order to see how they were supported. This provided us with excellent results that allowed us to stream clips across different browsers considering it was a demo application. It is however important to keep in mind that the standards of HTML 5 are still under development and may therefore be changed at any time..
Developing Distribution Channels for the Chinese Textile Industry
The global water crisis : a reference handbook
How to make music on the web : get online fast expert tips & advice : record, network, promote
The independent filmmaker's law and business guide
Global supply chain ecosystems : strategies for competitive advantage in a complex world
International sales and the middleman : managing your agents and distributors
A study of concentration in the distribution of household electrical appliances, prices and mark-ups for the United Kingdom and the republic of Ireland
The political economy paradigm in the research on distribution channels : state of the art
Pump schedule optimisation techniques for water distribution systems
Short film distribution : film festivals, the Internet, and self-promotion
Floods in the WHO European region : health effects and their prevention
From demo to delivery : the process of production
Download! : how the internet transformed the record business
Essentials of logistics & management : the global supply chain
A study of the concentration, prices and mark-ups in the distribution of food products. 2, Retail food prices in the United Kingdom : an empirical study
Creating Retail Business in the German Market for Slash Proof Gear : Case Oy Pomaco Ab
Water and wastewater technology
Developing distribution channels for the chinese textile industry
Electric power distribution handbook
Asia Pacific pulp & paper year book & directory 1992.
Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance
OBTAINING GOOD WATER  QUALITY WITHOUT USING BIG  TREATMENT PLANTS : Treatment installations in buildings
Introduction to Windows Phone 8
Anticipating interruptions : security and risk in a liberalized electricity infrastructure
E-business as a distributional strategy : case: Veikkaus Oy
Distribution channels : understanding and managing channels to market
Integrating low voltage distribution systems to distribution automation
Potentials of Chinese Cosmetic market
Total and partial productivity development and improvement opportunities during the ramp-up period of the distribution centre
Malnourished people : a policy view
The successful marketing plan : how to create dynamic, results-oriented marketing
Product Market Analysis : Market potential of Nepalese carpets in Finland
Luxury retail management : how the world ́s top brands provide quality product and service support
Cambridge marketing handbook : distribution : models of business processes and practice : a marketing perspective
Fashion marketing
Multimedia business : the World-Wide rights and licence trade
Modelling of changes in electricity end-use and their impacts on electricity distribution
Marketing channels
The variables affecting transport mode selection in cost and service context at Forchem Oy
Music industry's business models in the digital era focused on indie artists : a study case
Effective SAP® SD : get the most out of your SAP SD implementation
Music 3.0 : a survival guide for making music in the Internet age
The documentary film makers handbook
Warehouse distribution and operations handbook
Seamless user-oriented content sharing
Who owns freshwater?  : Detecting and Deconstructing Discourses Relating to Community Participation in Water Supply Governance
Inventory management in supply networks : problems, models, solutions
A framework for managing operative change : change and its management in supply chain development project: a case study
The DIY music manual
The Brewers Association's guide to starting your own brewery
Water Recycling and Energy Management in Virolan Puutarha
The logistics and supply chain toolkit : over 90 tools for transport, warehousing and inventory management
Digital video distribution in broadband, television, mobile and converged networks : trend, challenges and solutions
Distribution logistics : advanced solutions and practical problems
Industrial marketing : a process of creating and maintaining exchanges
Developing and maintaining supply chain development
A study of the evolution of concentration and prices in the food distribution industry for the Republic of Ireland
Transport and distribution
Understanding the Japanese food and agrimarket : a multifaceted opportunity
Tourism distribution channels : practices, issues and transformations
Think outside the box office : the ultimate guide to film distribution and marketing for the digital era
Distribution chain improvement
Business and technical aspects of mobile peer-to-peer social networks
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Sustainability in the food industry
Furniture distribution and cooperation with local distributors in St. Petersburg : market opportunities for the Seniori product group of Kiteen Huonekalutehdas Oy
This book provides a contemporary approach to the study of bilingualism. Drawing on contributions from leading experts in the field, this book brings together - in a single volume - a selection of the exciting work conducted as part of the programme of the ESRC Centre for Research on Bilingualism in Theory and Practice at Bangor University, Wales. Each chapter has as its main focus an exploration of the relationship between the two languages of a bilingual. Section by section, the authors draw on current findings and methodologies to explore the ways in which their research can address this question from a number of different perspectives.
Evaluation of pharmaceutical delivery concepts using analytical hierarchy process
Performance in the exporter-foreign distributor marketing channel
The independent's guide to film distributors
Retail distribution management : a strategic guide to developments and trends
Searching for common ground : The views of music industry professionals and consumers on the distribution of recorded music in Finland
Research in marketing : a research annual : distribution cmannels and institutions. Vol. 8
Cross-country skiing wear market and distribution  in Finland : Case: Sportful
Introduction to materials management
Distribution agreements in the car sector under EC competition law
The handbook of logistics and distribution management: understanding the supply chain
Planning for distribution in Japan
The Wind farm effect to the Distribution system
A study of the evolution of concentration in the food distribution industry for the United Kingdom. 2, Price surveys
Logistics and distribution planning : strategies for management
Filmmaking for dummies
Customer approach in the relocation of spare part warehouse
STUDY AND DESIGN OF ENLARGED AUTOMATED TEST STATION FOR GRID AUTOMATION CONTROL CABINETS
Preparing for takeoff : preproduction for the independent filmmaker
Supply chain considerations for electronic grocery shopping
Planning and managing distributor for Russia's operational environment
Designing an interface concept of an online music store for modern mobile devices : Case Poimuri
Impact of operative level input to transport efficiency : Rautakirja
Analysing change and stability in distribution channels : a network approach
Managing relations in marketing channels for industrial goods : an analysis of producer-distributor dyads
International marketing : managing worldwide operations in a changing international environment
Distribution of intellectual property rights and the development of technology suppliers
Electric power systems
Travel brochure as a marketing tool
Developments in export marketing
Marketing planning : a global perspective
Publishing for profit : successful bottom-line management for book publishers
Beef production and distribution
Selection, planning and management of foreign distributors in Russia
Distribution System Analysis and Automation
Bioenergy feasibility study : Berzasca, Romania
Principles of international physical distribution
Specialty food -markkinat USA:ssa
Evaluating the centralization alternatives of manufacturing company's distribution network
Power electronic converters in low-voltage direct current distribution : analysis and implementation
How to plan, produce & distribute your independent film
Seamless user-generated content sharing in the extended home
Fault location on power networks
The building level substation : the innovation of district heating system
International code of conduct on the distribution and use of pesticides
Animal foods in European food supply
Commercial agency and distribution agreements : law and practice in the member states of the European Community and the European Free Trade Association
"Distribution Revolution is a collection of interviews with leading film and TV professionals concerning the many ways that digital delivery systems are transforming the entertainment business. These interviews provide lively insider accounts from studio executives, distribution professionals, and creative talent of the tumultuous transformation of film and TV in the digital era. The first section features interviews with top executives at major Hollywood studios, providing a window into the big-picture concerns of media conglomerates with respect to changing business models, revenue streams, and audience behaviors. The second focuses on innovative enterprises that are providing path-breaking models for new modes of content creation, curation, and distribution-creatively meshing the strategies and practices of Hollywood and Silicon Valley. And the final section offers insights from creative talent whose professional practices, compensation, and everyday working conditions have been transformed over the past ten years. Taken together, these interviews demonstrate that virtually every aspect of the film and television businesses is being affected by the digital distribution revolution, a revolution that has likely just begun. Interviewees include: Gary Newman, Chairman, 20th Century Fox Television; Kelly Summers, Former Vice President, Global Business Development and New Media Strategy, Walt Disney Studios; Thomas Gewecke, Chief Digital Officer and Executive Vice President, Strategy and Business Development, Warner Bros. Entertainment; Ted Sarandos, Chief Content Officer, Netflix; Felicia D. Henderson, Writer-Producer, Soul Food, Gossip Girl; Dick Wolf, Executive Producer and Creator, Law & Order"--
International distribution solutions used by multinational enterprises operating in the Baltic States
Different faces of the Japanese distribution system : low voltage AC drives
Distribution revolution : conversations about the digital future of film and television
Katie's London Christmas
Home recording for musicians for dummies
ERP in distribution
Distribution and inventory management in Finnish pharmaceutical manufacturing
Usability and security in medication administration applications
The Motivations of Catering Companies to Deliver Food to Elderly People
Explore all stages of the supply chain, from raw materials through to the final distribution of the finished product, with this definitive guide.
