http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5144 spiritualism (theories)
spiritualism (theories)
Harmonies of heaven and earth : the spiritual dimension of music from antiquity to the avant-garde
The sounding cosmos : a study in the spiritualism of Kandinsky and the genesis of abstract painting / by Sixten Ringbom
In search of white crows : spiritualism, parapsychology, and American culture
Christian spiritual formation in the church and classroom
A 12-step approach to the spiritual exercises of St. Ignatius
Knowing God by experience : the spiritual senses in the theology of William of Auxerre
The dancing goddess : principles of a matriarcal aesthetic
NeoHooDoo : art for forgotten faith : [Menil Collection, Houston, June 27 - September 21, 2008 : P.S.1 Contemporary Art Center, New York, October 19, 2008 - January 26, 2009 : Miami Art Museum, February 20 - May 24, 2009] / edited by Franklin Sirmans ; with contributions by Jen Budney... [et al.]
Religion and modernity
The secret life of puppets
Wegmarken zur Transzendenz : interreligiöse Aspekte des Pilgerns = Pickets for the transcendence : interreligious aspects of pilgrimage = Jalons pour la transcendance : des aspects interreligieux du pelèrinage = Jalones para la transcendencia : aspectos interreligiosos de la peregrinaciơn
The afterlife of Billy Fingers : how my bad-boy brother proved to me there's life after death
Psychology and the occult
Illumination : the shaman's way of healing
Objections to spiritualism answered
The legacy of Hilma af Klint : nine contemporary responses / edited by Daniel Birnbaum & Ann-Sofi Noring
Hysteria, hypnotism, the spirits, and pornography : fin-de-siècle cultural discourses in the decadent Rachilde
Body and soul : a sympathetic history of American spiritualism
Values in conservation : the relationship between values, religion and european society
World spiritualism and the International Spiritualist Federation (Fédération spirite internationale)
Spirituality for the skeptic : the thoughtful love of life
The teachers of Gurdjieff
During the 1850s, a surprising number of Americans believed that the deceased could be contacted through trance mediums and séances. Many of the radical leaders of the anti-slavery, women's rights, Temperance, prison reform, and labor reform movements were involved in spiritualism and used it as a conduit for social and political change. To them, spiritualism was a scientific alternative to religious systems that they believed relied on speculation and arbitrary dogma. Among the liberal religious denominations, Universalism was the one most affected by the spiritualist movement. Drawing from journals, newspapers, manuscripts, and the personal papers of spiritualists and their opponents, this book tells the stories of visionary seers, prophets, and inventors, pioneers in psychic healing, and public lecturers who took to the podium, while in trance, to deliver communications from the spirits and to simultaneously agitate for reforms in society. A fascinating read for anyone interested in America's religious history.
Inside the music : Conversations with contemporary musicians about spirituality, creativity, and consciousness
The Ashgate research companion to nineteenth-century spiritualism and the occult
Educating for wisdom and compassion : creating conditions for timeless learning
The pathwork of self-transformation
The question: "If a man die, shall he live again?" Job xiv.14. : a brief history and examination of modern spiritualism
A public debate on "The truth of spiritualism" between Arthur Conan Doyle and Joseph McCabe : held at the Queen's Hall, London, on March 11, 1920.
Immortal longings : F.W.H. Myers and the Victorian search for life after death
Shinto : the way home
Synopsis 2 - theologies : [National Museum of Contemporary art, Athens, 15.10.2002 - 5.1.2003]
The teachings and phenomena of spiritualism : an introduction to spiritualism for the enquirer, student, and discussion group
The American spiritual culture : and the invention of jazz, football, and the movies
The hand on the mirror : a true story of life beyond death
Extraordinary beliefs : a historical approach to a psychological problem
Kant on Swedenborg : dreams of a spirit-seer and other writings
Transmission : a meditation for the new age
Change your life, change the world : a spiritual guide to living now
"Since the early nineteenth century, mesmerists, mediums and psychics have exhibited extraordinary phenomena. These have been demonstrated, reported and disputed by every modern generation. We continue to wonder why people believe in such things, while others wonder why they are dismissed so easily. Extraordinary Beliefs takes a historical approach to an ongoing psychological problem: why do people believe in extraordinary phenomena? It considers the phenomena that have been associated with mesmerism, spiritualism, psychical research and parapsychology. By drawing upon conjuring theory, frame analysis and discourse analysis, it examines how such phenomena have been made convincing in demonstration and report, and then disputed endlessly. It argues that we cannot understand extraordinary beliefs unless we properly consider the events in which people believe, and what people believe about them. And it shows how, in constructing and maintaining particular beliefs about particular phenomena, we have been in the business of constructing ourselves"--
In 2004 Janis Heaphy Durham's husband, Max Besler, died of cancer at age fifty-six. The daughter of a Presbyterian minister, she practiced her faith as she struggled with her loss. Soon she began encountering phenomena unlike anything she'd ever experienced: lights flickering, doors opening and closing, and clocks stopping at 12:44--the exact time of Max's death. But then something startling happened that changed Heaphy Durham's life forever. A powdery handprint appeared on her bathroom mirror on the first anniversary of Max's death. This launched Heaphy Durham on a journey that transformed her spiritually and altered her view of reality forever. She interviewed scientists and spiritual practitioners along the way as she discovered that the veil between this world and the next is thin and it's love that bridges the two worlds.
The spiritual in art : abstract painting 1890-1985
Redefining shamanisms : spiritualist mediums and other traditional shamans as apprenticeship outcomes
Signet of Atlantis : war in heaven bypass
The self possessed : deity and spirit possession in South Asian literature and civilization
The edge of the unknown
Aesthetics and emotions / Rakel Kallio
Heart of the Christos : starseeding from the Pleiades
Intimacy and ritual : a study of spiritualism, mediums and groups
The wanderings of a spiritualist : in one volume
Signs of light : a biophotonic approach to human (meta)physical fundamentals
The spiritual technology of ancient Egypt : sacred science and the mystery of consciousness
Wouldn't take nothing for my journey now
Modern occultism in late imperial Russia
Selling spirituality : the silent takeover of religion
The sympathetic medium : feminine channeling, the occult, and communication technologies, 1859-1919
The unseen world, and other essays
Negotiating rapture : the power of art to transform lives : Museum of Contemporary Art, Chigaco, [21 June - 20 October 1996] / [exhibition organized by] Richard Francis ; with essays by Homi K. Bhabha... [et al.]
The darkened room : women, power and spiritualism in late Victorian England
The other side of salvation : spiritualism and the nineteenth-century religious experience
In search of the miraculous : fragments of an unknown teaching
Spiritualisternas världskongress 1951 = I. S. F. world congress 1951
Inside the music : conversations with contemporary musicians about spirituality, creativity, and consciousness
Mysticism : the nature and development of spiritual consciousness
An art of our own : the spiritual in twentieth-century art / Roger Lipsey
Spiritualism and the study of history of religion in Denmark
Primitive minds : evolution and spiritual experience in the Victorian novel
The Theosophical Society : the history of a spiritualist movement
The spirit of the child
Science and health with key to the scriptures
Radical spirits : spiritualism and women's rights in nineteenth-century America
Supernatural entertainments : Victorian spiritualism and the rise of modern media culture
The treatment of East and West in three novels by R. K. Narayan
Ritual : power, healing, community
A history of philosophy. Volume 9 : Maine de Biran to Sartre
A history of philosophy. Volume 9, Modern Philosophy : from the French revolution to Sartre, Camus and Lévi-Strauss
Plato's ghost : spiritualism in the American Renaissance
Escaping the self : alcoholism, spirituality, masochism, and other flights from the burden of selfhood
Death and personal survival : the evidence for life after death
Ghostly paradoxes : modern spiritualism and Russian culture in the age of realism
Fifty years of psychical research : a critical survey
"Explores the proliferation of spiritualist seances in mid-nineteenth-century Europe and the United States, and the connection to the contemporary evolution of the media entertainment industry"--Provided by publisher.
American Indian magic : sacred pow wows & hopi prophecies
The seen and the unseen : shamanism, mediumship and possession in Borneo
Holy madness : the shock tactics and radical teachings of crazy-wise adepts, holy fools, and rascal gurus
