http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5159 apostles
apostles
A theology of the New Testament
The dramatic account of Pauls̓ encounter with philosophy : an analysis of Acts 17:16-34 with regard to contemporary philosophical debates
The Acts of the Apostles : a shorter commentary
John, Jesus, and history. Vol. 1, Critical appraisals of critical views
The message of Acts in Codex Bezae : a comparison with the Alexandrian tradition. Vol 1, Acts 1.1-5.42: Jerusalem
Rembrandt's late religious portraits : National Gallery of Art, Washington, 30 January - 1 Maly 2005 : the J. Paul Getty Museum Los Angeles, 7 June - 28 August 2005 / Arthur K. Wheelock Jr. with Peter C. Sutton ; and contributions by Volker Manuth and Anne T. Woollett
The Christian laws in Paul : reading the Apostle with early Greek interpreters
The message of Acts in Codex Bezae : a comparison with the Alexandrian tradition. Volume 3, Acts 13.1-18.23 : the ends of the earth ; first and second phases of the mission to the Gentiles
The Moffatt New Testament commentary. The acts of the apostles
Miracle and magic : a study in the Acts of the Apostles and the Life of Apollonius of Tyana
Russia, more different than most
Acts in its ancient literary context : a classicist looks at the Acts of the Apostles
Philip, Apostle and Evangelist : configurations of a tradition
The apocryphal acts of the apostles : an introduction
Acts : an exegetical commentary. Volume 1, Introduction and 1:1-2:47
Paul and Palestinian Judaism : a comparison of patterns of religion
Acts of the assassins
The climax of the covenant : Christ and the law in Pauline theology
Leadership and lifestyle : the portrait of Paul in the Miletus speech and 1 Thessalonians
Testament Of Mary
Apostolicity then and now : an ecumenical church in a postmodern world
"This book is a controversial new biography of the apostle Paul that argues for his inclusion in the pantheon of key figures of classical antiquity, along with the likes of Socrates, Alexander the Great, Cleopatra, and Augustus".
The missions of James, Peter and Paul : tensions in early Christianity
Paul and the anatomy of apostolic authority
Paul and the dynamics of power : communication and interaction in the early Christ-movement
Paul between Damascus and Antioch : the unknown years
Theology as history, history as theology : Paul in Ephesus in Acts 19
The pilgrimage to Compostela in the Middle Ages : a book of essays
The apostle and his message
James the Just and Christian origins
The road to Santiago : the pilgrim's practical guide
The message of Acts in Codex Bezae : a comparison with the Alexandrian tradition. Vol. 2, Acts 6.1-12.25 : from Judea and Samaria to the church in Antioch
The Acts of the Apostles : a commentary
The Book of Acts as church history = Apostelgeschichte als Kirchengeschichte : text, textual traditions and ancient interpretations = text, texttraditionen und antike auslegungen
Remembering Paul : ancient and modern contests over the image of the Apostle
Paul and Jesus : how the Apostle transformed Christianity
The Paul-Apollos relationship and Paul's stance toward Greco-Roman rhetoric : an exegetical and socio-historical study of 1 Corinthians 1-4
Quest for the historical Thomas, apostle of India : a re-reading of the evidence
Matthew and his world : the gospel of the open Jewish Christians : studies in biblical theology
Peter and the rock
Theology in St. Paul
A history of the first Christians
Acts : an exegetical commentary. Volume 2, 3:1-14:28
Judas and the choice of Matthias : a study on context and concern of Acts 1:15-26
As it is written : studying Paul's use of Scripture
Historians know almost nothing about the two decades following the crucifixion of Jesus, when his followers regrouped and began to spread his message. During this time, the apostle Paul joined the movement and began to preach to the gentiles. Using the oldest Christian documents that we have -- the letters of Paul -- as well as other early Christian sources, historian and scholar James Tabor reconstructs the origins of Christianity. Tabor reveals that the familiar figures of James, Peter, and Paul sometimes disagreed fiercely over everything from the meaning of Jesus' message to the question of whether converts must first become Jews. The author shows how Paul separated himself from Peter and James to introduce his own version of Christianity, which would continue to develop independently of the message that Jesus, James, and Peter preached.
Just James : the brother of Jesus in history and tradition
The thirteenth apostle : what the Gospel of Judas really says
Paul and Gnosis is a collection of cutting-edge essays that deal with a broad spectrum of ideas regarding Paul and knowledge. Topics include Paul and his use of "knowledge" words, Paul's knowledge of key ideas, and his relationship to Gnosticism.
Ritual memory : the apocryphal Acts and liturgical commemoration in the early medieval West (c. 500-1215)
The Nordic Paul : Finnish approaches to Pauline theology
This new book shows how the reception of Acts of the Apostles illuminates not just the biblical text itself but also the attitudes of those interpreting it. The authors journey far beyond their analysis of the exegesis of Acts, tracing its influence on art and music, and charting the ways in which Luke's volume has guided the evangelism, worship practices, and institutions of ecclesiastical communities across the centuries. The potent influence exerted by Acts affirms its place as perhaps the most significant of the New Testament books outside the Gospels themselves. With its accounts of the Ascension and the Pentecost, and its narrative of Paul's conversion and journeys, Acts inspired transcendent works of religious art and acted as a blueprint for the Christian church's commitment to evangelism. The volume analyses the extent of that influence at key turning points in the religious--and political--history of Christianity. This rich volume brings together an impressive array of representations and interpretations demonstrating the myriad ways in which Acts has inspired artists, writers, musicians, and clerics to create cultural treasures as well as to justify the stratagems of powerful vested interests. - back of book.
Gospel truth? : today's quest for Jesus of Nazareth
Paul and his opponents
The psychology of Paul : a fresh look at his life and teaching
The "we" passages in the Acts of the Apostles : the narrator as narrative character
From the diakonia of Christ to the diakonia of the apostles
The early reception of Paul
Formation and struggles : the church, A.D. 33-450
St. Paul versus St. Peter : a tale of two missions
Re-examining Paul's letters : the history of the Pauline correspondence
A bibliography of the periodical literature on the Acts of the Apostles 1962-1984
The narrative unity of Luke-Acts : a literary interpretation. Vol. 1, The Gospel according to Luke
An introduction to the Johannine Gospel and Letters
The remembered Peter : in ancient reception and modern debate
Paul's way of knowing : story, experience and the spirit
The testament of Mary
Paul as an administrator of God in 1 Corinthians
Paul and the law
The testimony of the beloved disciple : narrative, history, and theology in the Gospel of John
Peter : apostle for the whole church
Paul and his social relations
A classified bibliography of literature on the Acts of the Apostles
St. John the Divine : the deified evangelist in medieval art and theology
In the steps of Saint Paul : an illustrated guide to Paul's journeys
Paul the Apostle : his life and legacy in their Roman context
James: a religio-historical study of the relations between Jewish, Gnostic and Catholic Christianity in the early period through an investigation of the traditions about James the Lord's brother
The new perspective on Paul
A companion to Paul in the Reformation
Rome : the coming of the king
O ēgapēmenos mathētēs : keimena, eikones = Le disciple bien-aimé : textes et icônes = The beloved disciple : texts and icons
"Remembering Paul is a historiographical critique of discourses on the "real" Paul, ancient and modern. Theories of social remembering are applied for the first time to contests over Paul in the second century C.E. and to their modern counterpart: the attempt to rescue the "historical" Paul from his "canonical" entrapments"--
Apostolic iconography and Florentine confraternities in the age of reform
Commission narratives : a comparative study of the canonical and apocryphal acts
The Blackwell companion to Paul
What St Paul really said
Refreshing & restoration : two eschatological motifs in Acts 3:19-21
Acts : a commentary
In the wake of Jesus : El Greco's Saint John : Geniuses and masterpieces : Museun of Fine Arts, Budapest, 12 December 2008 - 5 February 2009 / Éva Nyerges
Simon Peter : from Galilee to Rome
Historiography and self-definition : Josephos, Luke-Acts and apologetic historiography
New Testament Apocrypha. 2, Writings relating to the apostles ; Apocalypses and related subjects
Render to Caesar : Jesus, the early church, and the Roman superpower
Paul among jews and gentiles : and other essays
Paul and Gnosis
The martyrdom of St. Paul : historical and judicial context, traditions and legends
The apocryphal acts of Peter : magic, miracles and gnosticism
Hermeneia : a critical and historical commentary on the Bible. New Testament. Acts of the Apostles : a commentary on the Acts of the Apostles
Paul the apostle : the triumph of God in life and thought
O Apostolos Petros : keimena, eikones = L'apôtre Pierre : textes et icônes = The apostle Peter : texts and icons
Rejected prophets : Jesus and his witnesses in Luke-Acts
Images of illness in the gospel of Luke : insights of ancient medical texts
Approaches to Paul : a student's guide to recent scholarship
Saint Peter : the under-estimated Apostle
'Servants of Satan', 'false brothers' and other opponents of Paul
"Highly respected New Testament scholar Craig Keener is known for his meticulous and comprehensive research. This commentary on Acts, his magnum opus, may be the largest and most thoroughly documented Acts commentary available. Useful not only for the study of Acts but also early Christianity, this work sets Acts in its first-century context. In this volume, the first of four, Keener introduces the book of Acts, particularly historical questions related to it, and provides detailed exegesis of its opening chapters. He utilizes an unparalleled range of ancient sources and offers a wealth of fresh insights. This magisterial commentary will be a valuable resource for New Testament professors and students, pastors, Acts scholars, and libraries" -- Publisher description.
Paul the martyr : the cult of the apostle in the Latin West
The arrogance of nations : reading Romans in the shadow of empire
The pre-Christian Paul
Luke's critical use of Galatians
An abbreviated edition, in paperback, of the two-volume commentary in the critically-acclaimed International Critical Commentary series.For those who lack the linguistic and historical grounding, or the time, to deal with the ICC volumes, this Shorter Commentary retains all the important elements of the introduction and commentary, but excludes foreign-language material, technical notes and excurses. -- Review: "Barrett's ICC volumes contain a vast amount of detail, especially textual and grammatical ... excellent ... represents the distillation of decades of reading and thinking and the writing of numerous articles on aspects of Acts that arose during the preliminary stages of preparing this commentary; his is a very detailed analysis of the Greek texts and the variants ..." Novum Testamentum, 2000
Echoes of Scripture in the Letter of Paul to the Colossians
Luke-Acts: angels, christology and soteriology
The Paul of Acts : essays in literary criticism, rhetoric and theology
Paul : the man and the myth
St Paul and the church of the gentiles
Gospel writing and church politics : a socio-rhetorical approach
The Gospel according to Judas
The disciple with many faces : Martin Hengel's and James H. Charlesworth's theories concerning the beloved disciple
The signs of an apostle : the Cato lecture, 1969
The Mythological Acts of the Apostles
Roman legends of the apostles St. Paul and St. Peter
The apocryphal Acts of John
Paul : Jew, Greek, and Roman
Jesus and the eyewitnesses : the Gospels as eyewitness testimony
The Paul quest : the renewed search for the Jew of Tarsus
Portraits of Paul : an archaeology of ancient personality
Paul : life, setting, work, letters
A critical and exegetical commentary on the Acts of the Apostles. Volume 1, Preliminary introduction and commentary on Acts 1-14
"The sufferings of Christ are abundant in us" (2 Corinthians 1.5) : a narrative dynamics investigation of Paul's sufferings in 2 Corinthians
A critical and exegetical commentary on the Acts of the Apostles. Volume 2, Introduction and commentary on Acts 15-28
Christology and the New Testament : Jesus and his earliest followers
The Acts of the Apostles through the centuries
Peter and the beloved disciple : figures for a community in crisis
"The Blackwell Companion to Paul offers a comprehensive overview of the life, teachings and legacy of one of the founding figures of Christianity. In a series of chapters by internationally recognized academics, the major aspects of Paul's life and work are explored, as well as his influence on Christian thinkers and Christian belief over the centuries and his impact on less discussed areas such as art and literature. The result is a wonderfully rich and wide-ranging volume. The first section approaches the study of Paul and Christian origins, offering clear and skilful accounts of Paul's life and writings, and exploring their social and historical setting. The second part addresses the influence of Paul on a number of key Christian thinkers, including Origen, Augustine, Aquinas, Luther and Barth, among others, as well as examining Jewish, Orthodox and African readings of Paul. The third part tackles the legacy of Paul on key topics of Christian theology such as ethics and ecclesiology, but also on art and literature. The outstanding group of contributors offer a uniquely comprehensive and impressive account of the major areas of Paul's life and work, as well as providing insights into lesser explored areas. Stephen Westerholm is a leading figure in the field of Pauline Studies, and ideally placed to edit this timely and eagerly awaited volume"--
The way of Saint James : (chemin de Saint-Jacques de Compostelle) : le puy to the Pyrenees : a walker's guide
Paul's early period : chronology, mission strategy, theology
The Beloved Disciple in conflict? : revisiting the Gospels of John and Thomas
