http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5157 company planning
company planning corporate planning business planning
The art of the long view : planning for the future in an uncertain world
Business analysis techniques : 72 essential tools for success
Corporate planning in public sector
User involvement and entrepreneurial action
How to be an entrepreneur : a guide for the under 25s
The underdog advantage : using the power of insurgent strategy to put your business on top
Business strategy : a guide to effective decision-making
Business engineering with object technology
Strategy : a history
Risk analysis and security countermeasure selection
Leap : a revolution in creative business strategy
New venture methodology
Reporting in accounting : how to support business planning and decision-making
Exploring corporate strategy : text and cases
How to raise money for your small business in Finland
In Strategy: A History, Sir Lawrence Freedman captures the vast history of strategic thinking, how strategy came to pervade every aspect of our lives. The range of Freedman's narrative is moving from the advanced strategy practiced in primate groups, to the opposing strategies of Achilles and Odysseus in The Iliad, the strategic advice of Sun Tzu and Machiavelli, the great military innovations of Baron Henri de Jomini and Carl von Clausewitz, the grounding of revolutionary strategy in class struggles by Marx, the insights into corporate strategy found in Peter Drucker and Alfred Sloan, and the contributions of the leading social scientists working on strategy today. The core issue at the heart of strategy, the author notes, is whether it is possible to manipulate and shape our environment rather than simply become the victim of forces beyond one's control. Time and again, Freedman demonstrates that the inherent unpredictability of this environment-subject to chance events, the efforts of opponents, the missteps of friends-provides strategy with its challenge and its drama. Armies or corporations or nations rarely move from one predictable state of affairs to another, but instead feel their way through a series of states, each one not quite what was anticipated, requiring a reappraisal of the original strategy, including its ultimate objective. Thus the picture of strategy that emerges in this book is one that is fluid and flexible, governed by the starting point, not the end point.
Strategy formulation : analytical concepts
Modern ERP : select, implement & use today's advanced business systems
Competitors : outwitting, outmaneuvering and outperformong
Contemporary strategy analysis : concepts, techniques, applications
strategic plan for Haier's global brand building
Start it up : Why running your own business is easier than you think
The Business Plan : Workbook
Business continuity management : guidance on exercising and testing for continuity and contingency programmes : PD 25666:2010
Money and ideas : four studies on finance, innovation and the business life cycle
Modern management control systems : text and cases
The features of a successful airline company : case study: Southwest Airlines
PROPOSAL FOR STRATEGIZING THE SALES ORGANIZATION : Improving the current sales performance of MHG Tracking service in Russia
The business planning guide : creating a plan for success in your own business
The curve : from freeloaders into superfans: the future of business
Business intelligence : a managerial perspective on analytics
Business models for dummies
Business plans that work : for your small business
What you need to know about strategy
Management by menu
Life cycle assessment and ecodesign in a day : lessons learned from a series of LCA clinics for start-ups and small and medium enterprises (SMEs)
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Strategic management in the regulatory environment : cases and industry notes
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
"With the rate of change in organizations at an all-time high, the need for strong organization design has never been more pressing. Organization Design provides a complete road map to design and delivery and covers all the critical areas including downsizing, outsourcing, job design, change management and re-structuring. This thoroughly revised edition is a practical toolkit to take organization designers from start to finish, outlining the basic theory, providing a step-by-step approach to implementation, and offering solutions to the recurring challenges that will inevitably be met along the way"--
History and strategy
Understanding strategy in a week
Small business management : an entrepreneur's guidebook
Understanding company strategy : an introduction to analysis and implementation
Invent business opportunities no one else can imagine
The $100 startup : fire your boss, do what you love and work better to live more
A Practical guide to acquisitions : how to increase your chances of success
Strategic Planning of an International Trade Intermediary : Case Woodbe Oy
Business planning : an approach to strategic management
The McGraw-Hill guide to writing a high-impact business plan : a proven blueprint for entrepreneurs
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
Anatomy of a business plan : the step-by-step guide to building your business and securing your company's future
Charlie's entrepreneurial journey : a guide to success through entrepreneurship
Construction organization Design and Project Cost
Business continuity for dummies
Smart financial management : the essential reference for the successful small business
International hospitality management : concepts and cases
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
SAP governance, risk, and compliance
A simulation game for the short- and long-term planning processes of the firm
Practical business planning
The rise and fall of strategic planning
Support policies for business start-ups and the role of training : national reports from France, Italy, Spain, United Kingdom and synthesis report
Foreign entrepreneurs confrontation with the risks in the restaurant industry in Helsinki
Demystifying strategy : how to become a strategic thinker
Increasing the Competitiveness and Profitability of a Small and Medium-sized Enterprise
The role of general-purpose forecasts in companies' strategic decision-making : a survey among the subscribers of a long-range market forecast report
Corporate strategy for tourism
Graphic design business : entrepreneur's step-by-step startup guide
Roadmap to entrepreneurial success : powerful strategies for building a high-profit business
Fundamentals of management : essential concepts and applications
Developing strategic thought : a collection of the best thinking on business strategy
The strategic planning process and quantitative analyzing methods
Idea generation and testing of a new business venture
Strategies for environmental sustainability of municipal energy companies : pathways of sustainable development between business and society
The business of creativity : how to build the right team for success
Computer development and its effects on business activities in Ghana
Corporate planning, strategies, and critical factors in forest industries : methodology and contents
Discovering common ground : how future search conferences bring people together to achieve breakthrough innovation, empowerment, shared vision, and collaborative action
Tracking strategies : toward a general theory
The process of strategy formation in software business : three cases from Kainuu region, Finland
New sales : simplified : the essential handbook for prospecting and new business development
Customer innovation : customer-centric strategy for enduring growth
Exploring corporate strategy
How to get started in export
Strategic human resource management
Economic value added : a simulation analysis of the trendy, owner-oriented management tool
How to plan and develop the organization structure of a growing small business firm
Anatomy of a business plan : a step-by-step guide to starting smart, building the business and securing your company's future
Mobilizing invisible assets
Opportunities : a handbook of business opportunity search
Theoretical background for corporate planning theory
Economics and corporate strategy
Business planning: Excellence institute of language training
Strategic thinking : a four piece puzzle
Get lucky : how to put planned serendipity to work for you and your business
The one page business plan : start with a vision, build a company!
Business continuity management : guidance on human aspects of business continuity : PD 25111:2010
Strategic management and business policy
The strategic planning workbook
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
An introduction to business information management
Do cool sh*t : (Quit your day job, start your own business, and live happily ever after)
Mind the gap : creating your successful business strategy
The main purpose of this thesis is to give Case Company A clear view of their customer's needs in the area of electronic reporting and support services. The objectives of this thesis are to investigate the fields of electronic reporting and electronic business management, research Case Company A's customer reporting needs, and to include how and when these reports should be delivered. A third objective is to study the reporting needs of different types of customer groups. These groups are divided according to years as an entrepreneur, number of full-time employees and turnover in 2008. Empirical research was a survey drawn-up Case Company A's customers in order to find out what type of reporting services would best support their business planning and decision-making. An empirical study was carried out as an Internet-based survey supported by personal interviews. The survey conducted for the thesis shows a clear need for support in using the reporting tools. The results also showed that the customers saw written analysis and graphic illustrations as useful parts of the accounting and payroll reports. Different customer characteristics were compared with reporting needs. The needs of the companies with a large turnover were significantly different compared with companies with a smaller turnover. Comparison of the number of personnel and entrepreneurs' years of experience did not provide clear results. By analysing the survey results, the following recommendations are given to Case Company A: training customers and personnel, changing  negative attitudes, developing the procedures and reporting.
Leadership insight : Yritysvalmennus Groupin uutiskirje
Managing planned change
The Financial Times guide to business start up 2014
Business plans
Techonomics : the theory of industrial evolution
Building your business through export
The current international financial system has created a huge gap between the wealthy and the rest. Grounded and straightforward in his approach, Brahm calls for a turn away from economic systems dangerously steeped in ideology and stymied by politics, outlining a new global consensus based on pragmatism, common sense, and grass-roots realities.
Global security consulting : how to build a thriving international practice
Cases in strategic management
From idea to exit : the entrepreneurial journey
Business planning for the board
Benefits and challenges of enterprise resource planning for Pakistani SMEs
The smart entrepreneur : how to build for a successful business
Masterplanning : the complete guide for building a strategic plan for your business, church, or organization
Marketing strategy : a decision-focused approach
Planning and the growth of the firm
Strategy bites back : it is a lot more, and less, than you ever imagined--
B2B Strategy Making and Planning : case: Datnam Techonologies and Trading Company, Ltd.
The service business planning guide : the complete handbook for creating a winning business plan for any service company
Anatomy of a business plan : a step-by-step guide to building a business and securing your company's future
Critical factors affecting forest industries' future in the year 2000 and beyond
The key : how corporations succeed by solving the world's toughest problems
ProStart : business idea, development programme. Workbook
Piloting unified communications solution in enterprise
Research seminar on strategy. Sannäs, Finland. June 14 to 18 1982
Studying the Business Prospects of a Potential Handmade Chocolate Shop in Helsinki, Finland
Doing business in Russia : based on the example of Saint Petersburg. Episode 2, Preparing for business
Quality service, competitive business : setting the standard in customer service
The usage of tool-box approach when planning business growth : a study of entrepreneurial ventures
"This new edition of Anatomy of a business plan has been revised to reflect the latest online and printed financial and marketing resources and current business plan practices"--Page [4] of cover.
How to create your own jewelry line
Location strategies for retail and service firms
Graphic Design Business : Essentials to Focus Upon When Starting a One-Person Graphic Design Business
The Effect of Culture on the Sales Process Within a Global Company. Case Company ABB Oy Distribution Automation Sales Unit.
"Change your job to change your life. You no longer need to work nine-to-five in a big company to pay the mortgage, send your kids to school and afford that yearly holiday. You can quit the rat race and start up on your own - and you don't need an MBA or a huge investment to do it. The $100 Startup is your manual to a new way of living. Learn how to: earn as much as you would from a nine-to-five job but on your own terms, when and where you want; achieve that perfect blend of passion and income to make work something you love; take crucial insights from 50 ordinary people who started a business with $100 or less; spend less time working and more time living your life"--Publisher's description.
This Bachelor thesis will examine the features of Southwest Airlines. The primary aims of the study are to explain what features have made Southwest Airlines market leader within the U.S airline industry as well as what features affects on company's impeccable profitability.    The thesis contains a literature part, where Southwest Airlines' organizational structure, leadership methods, organizational culture, and its features to profitability are recognized and discussed. The other part of the thesis will introduce a strategic analysis of Southwest Airlines aiming to recognize and suggest the most suitable strategic direction for the future. The study was based on academic, peer-reviewed literature which primarily concentrates on Southwest Airlines and its strategic decisions in the past. The strategic analysis was based on the strategic management theory, which conducts a comprehensive strategic analysis, analyzing company's external and internal business environment carefully, and providing a suggestions for the future strategies. The study doesn't compare Southwest Airlines operations to other companies, rather it aims to focus only on Southwest's strategic operational decisions, leadership methods and its operations. Literature analysis has shown that simplicity is the keyword in Southwest Airlines operations and leadership styles. Unique leadership style, and a loose-tight managed organizational structure without solid hierarchical levels have created a flourishing and employee friendly organizational culture, which can be considered to be Southwest Airlines most valuable asset. Simplified operations with unique organizational culture make the company possible to provide high-quality service with low ticket fees, which is unheard among the low-cost flight providers. In addition, strategic analysis concludes that Southwest Airlines strong market position, brand image, strong management and employee commitment; and healthy financial position provides a great starting point for international operations. Therefore Southwest Airlines should in future consider route expansion to international areas, in order to maintain and develop their strong market position and successful financial performance.
Business ecosystems : constructs, configurations, and the nurturing process
Fusion economics : how pragmatism is changing the world
Industrial dynamics
Entrepreneurship and new value creation : the dynamic of the entrepreneurial process
eBusiness and workplace redesign
Embedded sustainability : the next big competitive advantage
ProStart : business idea evaluation and development programme. Workbook
The Financial Times guide to business start up 2009
Marketing strategies for a B2B industrial supplier : case: Company X
Business continuity management : guidance on organization recovery following disruptive incidents : PD 25888:2011
How to prepare a business plan
Product lifecycle management
Counter strategies in global markets
Writing a convincing business plan
Organization design : a guide to building effective organizations
How to start and operate your own design firm
Market power and business strategy : in search of the unified organization
The lean startup : how today's entrepreneurs use continuous innovation to create radically successful businesses
Raising capital : get the money you need to grow your business
Competing for the future
Rejuvenating the mature business : the competitive challenge
The risk management process : business strategy and tactics
Starting up : archieving success with professional business planning
Orientation alternatives in forest industries in the year 2000 and beyond
Strategic precision : improving performance through organizational efficiency
Patterns of change in a firm
Hit the ground running : doing micro business training in South Africa
Operations strategy
Strategic market planning : problems and analytical approaches
The successful business plan : secrets & strategies
Repatriate career management practices in Finnish multinational companies
Guide to international transfer pricing : law, tax planning and compliance strategies
Strategy : an international perspective
Researching for business : avoiding the "nice to know" trap
Corporate planning as a creative process : action laid out in advance
Business planning in a small company : case study: Ab Henry J Food Oy
Technology ventures : from idea to enterprise
Do more faster : techstars lessons to accelerate your startup
Implementing an ERP-system in a Finnish SME-company
How to write a business plan
Business plans for dummies / by paul Tiffany, Steven D. peterson and Colin Barrow
Managing marketing linkages : text, cases, and readings
ERP : making it happen : the implementer's guide to success with enterprise resource planning
Lean thinking in small size assembly company for continuous improvement
Microsoft Dynamics NAV : jump start to optimization
Essentials of entrepreneurship : evidence and practice
The commissioner of this thesis is a company called CubiCasa. The reason for this thesis was the interest of CubiCasa on 3 different segments. The segments were AR/VR, home decoration and real estate business. The commissioner wanted to find out if it is profitable for the company to go and target these different segments. On these segments they also defined 4 different companies: InsiteVR, Augmented Pixels, CoContest and Zillow. Of these companies they wanted more information and if they should go and sell their products to them. Most of the used material were from the internet sources. Theory part of this thesis were gathered from books. Most of the segments were found to not be profitable for CubiCasa to sell their products to at this time. The company operating in real estate business, Zillow, is the most relevant ones from these companies and segments because of the technology of CubiCasa and their production process. But even in the case of Zillow CubiCasa still have to wait until they have managed to create an almost fully automated production process on the floor plans.
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Manager's guide to crisis management
Fundamentals of strategy
Software change management process in the development of embedded software
Wall chart technique : the use of wall charts for effective planning
"Bankable Business Plans provides straightforward methods to produce professional quality and compelling business plans for any type of business in any industry. Ed Rogoff is an experienced professor and practitioner and he teaches readers to apply the Risk Management Association's (RMA's) data, so their business plans meet the financial criteria established by banks and other lenders." "Bankable Business Plans will help you to make sure that you have covered the financial issues that are important to the banks and other funding sources. Bankable Business Plans gives the reader a solid foundation to write a business plan and provides a blue print to successfully raise money from investors. The book prepares entrepreneurs for the most difficult part of the entrepreneurial journey: securing the funding. Read this book to prepare a comprehensive and successful business plan."--BOOK JACKET.
As the era of ever expanding markets and ample resources ends, governments and business will have to behave differently. The world is facing weak economic growth, limits to affordable resources and increasing concerns about environmental consequences. During the boom times, governments championed de-regulation and business responded by adopting an anything-goes attitude. In these straitened times, strategic analysis has to engage with the challenges that society faces to create resilient corporations fit for the 21st century.In Corporate strategy in the Age of Responsibility, Peter McManners, who has for nine years run strategy workshops on the Henley MBA focusing on the global business environment, sets about providing a strategic framework for navigating the new economic environment. Chief Sustainability Officers (CSOs) now exist, but they struggle to find the strategic rationale for the improvements they champion. The author argues that their good intentions often lack traction, partly because others in management don't get it, but also because they are not ambitious enough. The book is not about preaching semi-charitable behaviour or how to enhance the reputation of the corporation instead it is about surviving and thriving in a challenging and changing environment. A corporate audience familiar with strategy books will relate to this book, but will find it steers them towards radically new strategic thinking suitable for a turbulent period of transition.
Understanding company strategy : an introduction to thinking and acting strategically
From idea to business : case: Grape Station Ay
Optimizing the supply chain strategy of a multi-unit Finnish nursery company
Internal Readiness at SMEs for Internationalization : A Case Study: IBAM Internationalization Analysis in YKO Project
Strategic foresight and utilization of future-oriented information in Finnish SMEs : reframing the intermediary role of Tekes
Strategy analysis frameworks for strategy orientation and focus
Reaching the goal : how managers improve a services business using Goldrat ́s theory of constraints
ERP : tools, techniques, and applications for integrating the supply chain
Big data in practice : how 45 successful companies used big data analytics to deliver extraordinary results
Corporate strategy in the age of responsibility
Sustainability strategies : when does it pay to be green?
Researching segments of interest for CubiCasa
Corporate governance: reporting on internal financial control
Bankable business plans
Corporate visual identity : Case study: changing visual identity
A manager's guide to technology forecasting and strategy analysis methods
Juran's quality handbook : the complete guide to performance excellence
Managerial foresight and firm performance
The sixth sense : accelerating organizational learning with scenarios
Introduction to ERP reprints
SAP BusinessObjects planning and consolidation
To enter or not to enter is not the question : a qualitative inquiry into the career experiences of next generation family members
The strategy process : a practical handbook for implementation in business
Exploring strategy
"A complete guide to organization design, this book offers both an understanding of organizational theory as well as practical advice for how to implement OD in any organization. Divided into three sections, it covers the fundamentals of organizational design, provide a unique step-by-step methodology, and discuss solutions to recurring challenges. Topics include: the essential building blocks, mapping design options, how to assess capability maturity, how to size an organization, and how to maintain design integrity over time. Readers will gain the confidence and skills to put great organization design into practice to ensure business success. This second edition is updated with new case studies and short examples throughout particularly focusing on adding HR and International studies, more tips for practitioners, summaries at the beginning of each chapter and reflections at the end of each chapter"--
Environment, ethics and the corporation
The logic of strategic planning
Right-brain business plan : a creative, visual map for success
Strategy, organization design, and human resource management
Business strategy
