http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5158 pollinators
pollinators
Insect pollination of crops
The Business of Bees provided the first integrated account of diminishing bee populations, as well as other pollinators, from an interdisciplinary perspective. It explores the role of corporate responsibility and governance as they relate to this critical issue and examines what the impact will be on consumers, companies, stock markets and ultimately on global society if bee populations continue to decline at a dangerous rate. The book considers the issue of global bee population decline from a variety of disciplines, collecting the perspectives of academics in accounting, science and humanities, with those of practitioners in the finance industry. The chapters explore the impact of the rapid declines in pollinator populations on the natural world, on corporations, on the stock market and on accounting. The Business of Bees will be essential reading for those in academia, business and finance sectors and anyone invested in the future of our planet.
Pollination and evolution : based on the Symposium on Pollination Biology, held during the 13th International Botanical Congress (Section 6.7), at Sydney, August, 1981
Flower visitors and fruitset of Anacardium occidentale
Impact of use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation on spring oilseed crops in Finland : interim report
Field guide to the bees of Great Britain and Ireland
Monitoring bumblebees and other pollinator insects
A brand new field guide to Britain's bees that for the first time makes this fascinating and important group of insects accessible to the general naturalist. The guide covers over 270 species, and is fully illustrated with stunning photographs and Richard Lewington's beautiful colour artwork.
Preliminary studies on flower visitors to and potential pollinators of the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.) in subarctic Lapland
Risks of increased weed problems associated with introduction of non-native bee species
Role of bees (Hym. Apidae) in pollination of the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.) in northern Fennoscandia
Floral quality signals lure pollinators and their predators
Environmental effects of fenitrothion use in forestry : impacts on insect pollinators songbirds & aquatic organisms
The impact of the use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation of spring oilseed crops in Finland in 2013-2015 : final report
Index to Apicultural abstracts, 1950-1972. Vol. 2
The forgotten pollinators
Summary: The proportion of bees among visitors to the cloudberry was low in 1974-1976...
An evolutionary basis for pollination ecology
Plant-pollinator interactions : from specialization to generalization
Abundance, species composition and daily pattern of bees visiting field bean, goat's rue and turnip rape in southern Finland
Studies on Swedish bumblebees (genus Bombus Latr.) : their domestication and biology
Experimentally tested responses of flower-visiting insects to habitat establishment on farmland
Summary: The largest number of visitors and visits to cloudberry was observed during the afternoon and middle of the day, and the smallest number in the morning. The pattern of visits was explained well by temperature...
Potential effects of climate change on crop pollination
Flower visitors to the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.) in northern Fennoscandia
Bees in urban community gardens - local versus landscape determinants
6th International symposium on pollination, Tilberg, The Netherlands, 27-23 August 1990
Diversity of pollinator communities in Eastern Fennoscandia and Eastern Baltics : results from pilot monitoring with yellow traps in 1997-1998
Index to Apicultural abstracts, 1950-1972. Vol. 1
Reproductive ecology of tropical forest plants
Insect pollination of cultivated crop plants
Foraging and nesting ecology of bumblebees (Bombus Spp.) in agricultural landscapes in Sweden
Summary: Insects visiting cloudberry flowers were studied in three areas north of the Arctic Circle: Forests and Fell Lapland in Finland, and Finnmark in Norway...
Diurnal activity of flower visitors to the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.)
The business of bees : an integrated approach to bee decline and corporate responsibility
Summary: The study is based on counts and analyses of the pollen carried by insect visitors to the female flowers of cloudberry in Finnish Forest and Fell Lapland, and at Varangerbotn and Ekkeröya in Norwegian Finnmark. The best pollen-carriers were species of Apidae and Formicidae of Hymenoptera, and of Syrphidae, Muscidae...
Diversity of pollinator communities in Eastern Fennoscandia and Eastern Baltics : results from pilot monitoring with Yellow traps in 1997-1998
The hive : the story of the honeybee and us
Crops, browse and pollinators in Africa : an initial stock-taking
Pollination and floral ecology
Constraints on sexual reproduction and seed set in Vaccinium and Campanula
Pollination interactions in a plant community : impacts on pollinator behaviour, plant reproduction and demography
Pollen transport and pollinating efficiency of flower visitors to the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.) in northern Fennoscandia
