http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5160 disciples
disciples
Reconceptualising agency and childhood : new perspectives in childhood studies
Mobile learning and the playing child
Abstract.
Reading and loving
The dissertation examines childrens dialogical sense-making in task-oriented teaching activities, the aim of which is to explore childrens values and ideas in musical learning, in order to investigate how musical knowledge is constructed collaboratively through different levels of dialogicality. Hence, the study addresses the organizational resources and values at stake when children take part in pedagogical dialogues. The four children studied are allocated the pre-given task of instructing each other, without the presence of adults, to sing songs in dyads (two and two). Five singing activities are video-documented, transcribed and analysed in depth through dialogical activity analysis, and group interviews with the children in pairs are also conducted, transcribed and analysed.A sociocultural perspective on learning and communication with an approach based on dialogue theory forms the analytical point of departure for the study, where constitutive relations between the mediating acts of the participants and the resources in use in the shape of discourses, cultural tools, representations, interaction orders, activity frames and values are focused upon, and where teaching and learning are viewed as primarily communicative activities, and where learning as a purely individual process is dismissed. The practice of musical teaching is seen to be an embodied and materialized practice, even though the young practitioners taking part in the study displayed different knowledge ideals, as well as different educational strategies, throughout the instructional phases of activity. In other words, they emphasized that there was a distinction between learning the songs and knowing the songs.The participants also used signing and singing with the help of artefacts, words and their bodies in a number of multi-functional, multi-semiotic and subtle ways. Moreover, the children organized their activities as traditional classroom teaching in several ways, and displayed skills in schooling as practitioners of a social practice. Accordingly, they established a school-specific task culture that took the form of a communicative activity type, where their orientation to double dialogicality, that is, the dialogue of the culturally established dimension on the one hand, and the interpersonal, local context on the other, is of significance.
Instructor's guide  : - synchronized skating school
This comprehensive and well presented report by the Deaf Ex-Mainstreamers Group provides for the first time in one source, a full account of deaf education with a review of current procedures involving deaf children, their parents and services. It concludes with recommendations and a framework for action.
ACB : featuring works of art from the State Hermitage, St Petersburg
Aposunagogos and the Gospel of John
Parental involvement and children ́s academic skills
Ausgewählte stücke aus der Karneval der Tiere = Selected pieces from the Carnival of animals
The 13th disciple : a spiritual adventure
Commonsense methods for children with special needs : strategies for the regular classroom
Resources for teaching young children with special needs
Children's learning in a digital world
Judas : the definitive collection of gospels and legends about the infamous apostle of Jesus
Evidence-based perspective on CP rehabilitation : reviews on physiotherapy, physiotherapy-related motor-based interventions and orthotic devices
Design education : the foundation years
Essential baby sign language : the most important 75 signs you can teach your baby
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Learn English with Dora! : the Finnish version of Dora the Explorer as a way of teching English vocabulary
Matthew and his world : the gospel of the open Jewish Christians : studies in biblical theology
Mrs. Spencer Tracy and the John Tracy Clinic : a tireless drive to educate deaf children
Curriculum for special needs
Nature and young children : encouraging creative play in natural environments
Apostle or bones that shine like fire: travels among the tombs of the twelve
Composing in the classroom. Opus 1
Adventure in the classroom : using adventure to strengthen learning and build a community of life-long learners
The guppy swim book
Gospels of the marginalized : the redemption of doubting Thomas, Mary Magalene, and Judas Iscariot in early Christian literature
The polliwog swim book
Parenting and teaching the gifted
Countdown to poetry writing : step by step approach to writing techniques for 7-12 years
Mainstreaming the prelingually deaf child : a study of the status of prelingually deaf children in various patterns of mainstreamed education for hearing impaired children
"Language Disabilities in Cultural and Linguistic Diversity" takes a critical perspective on traditional bio-cognitive-social approaches to language disabilities - specific language impairment, communication difficulties, dyslexia and deafness. A socio-cultural approach orientates a reinterpretation of research, educational practices and policies in assessment, teaching and intervention. A Vygotskian framework affords repositioning of assessment, learning and development for language disabilities as they are influenced and shaped by experiences of multilingualism, culture, ethnicity and race. The author, rather than present definitive answers, aims to offer new analyses and extend current understanding of linguistic phenomena fraught by dilemmas of disentangling diversity and disability. The volume serves as a source of reflection and inquiry for students, professionals and policy makers in education and health who are interested in disability and language disabilities in multilingual and multicultural contexts.
The minnow swim book
Christology and discipleship in the Gospel of Mark
Parents of gifted students have often experienced the frustration of trying to get an appropriate education for their children in public and private schools. Teachers have equally experienced the frustration of trying to educate these students due to classroom demands. Over the past two decades, Callard-Szulgit has accumulated well over 1,000 questions asked by parents in her gifted parenting classes, her graduate students of gifted education, education colleagues, and gifted students themselves. This user-friendly book offers common sense and educationally informative answers to the questions and dilemmas that parents and teachers seek. This book will be of interest to all who seek a fair and equitable education for the gifted.
Building blocks for learning occupational therapy approaches : practical strategies for the inclusion of special needs in primary school
Signing and singing : children in teaching dialogues
Junia : the first woman apostle
Everything baby sign language book : get an early start communicating with your baby!
Peter's last sermon : identity and discipleship in the gospel of Mark
Educating special children : an introduction to provision for pupils with disabilities and disorders
Kodály in the First Grade Classroom : Developing the Creative Brain in the 21st Century
Education of the hearing impaired child
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
The testimony of the beloved disciple : narrative, history, and theology in the Gospel of John
Child, Philosophy and Education:discussing the intellectual sources of Philosophy for Children
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Child, philosophy and education : discussing the intellectual sources of Philosophy for Children
Confident mathematics teaching 5 to 13 : INSET in the classroom
This book presents chapters by many eminent researchers and interventionists, all of whom address the development of deaf and hard-of-hearing children in the context of family and school. A variety of disciplines and perspectives are provided in order to capture the complexity of factors affecting development of these children in their diverse environments. Consistent with current theory and educational practice, the book focuses most strongly on the interaction of family and child strengths and needs and the role of educational and other interventionists in supporting family and child growth. This work, and the authors represented in it, have been influenced by the seminal work of Kathryn P. Meadow-Orlans, whose work continues to apply a multidisciplinary, developmental approach to understanding the development of deaf children. The book differs from other collections in the degree to which the chapters share ecological and developmental theoretical bases. A synthesis of information is provided in section introductions and in an afterword provided by Dr. Meadow-Orlans. The book reflects emerging research practice in the field by representing both qualitative and quantitative approaches. e chapters in the book may surprise readers in that they present a more positive view of family and child functioning than has historically been the case in this field. This is consistent with emerging data from deaf and hard of hearing children who have benefitted from early identification and intervention. In addition, it represents an emerging recognition of strengths shown by the children and by their deaf and hearing parents. The book moves from consideration of child and family to a focus on the role and effects of school environments on development. Issues of culture and expectations pervade the chapters in this section of the book, which includes chapters addressing effects of school placement options, positive effects of learning about deaf culture and history, effects of changing educational practice in developing nations, and the need for increased knowledge about ways to meet individual needs of the diverse group of deaf and hard of hearing students. Thus, the book gives the reader a coherent view of current knowledge and issues in research and intervention for deaf and hard of hearing children and their families.
How does pupils' emotional coping develop within learning situations during primary school years?
A thoughtful overview of gifted education
The doctrine of Addai the apostle
Students' problem solving in the LEGO/Logo learning environment
When a solid gold reliquary missing from a church in Belgium suddenly resurfaces in America, a young newspaperman begins to investigate the story. At first, it seems like just another case of a treasure stolen during World War II that has resurfaced. But it soon becomes apparent that much more is at stake.  Hidden within the medieval reliquary is a gold box that holds a sacred relic--a single finger bone--from an anonymous saint. Why would the remains of someone unknown to the Church be considered holy? The search for answers leads to a shocking discovery--a dangerous secret known only to a small band of people. If one touches the reliquary, a sacred vision is received--a vision involving a young girl who had a chance encounter with Jesus just before he was crucified.  The few people who have been blessed with these miraculous messages have banded together into a mysterious school, a closed society that preserves this venerated wisdom. But their knowledge of the young girl and Jesus is at once so fascinating yet so highly controversial that it cannot be shared with the world. This young girl, curious about the charismatic man named Jesus, embarks on a quest to find out who he really was. What she finds--the knowledge the society protects--is at times far different from the accepted gospels. Could this unknown girl be the 13th Disciple--the last and truest apostle of Christ?
Child-Friendly approach to instrumental education : The Colourstrings Violin School
Pencil grip : a descriptive model and four empirical studies
The study of families and educators who successfully sustain children's linguistic resources is a novelty in current educational research, where focus has largely been on the development of students' English language skills. In this book, Alison L. Bailey and Anna V. Osipova provide a systematic examination of the beliefs and practices of parents and educators who share the common goal of improving educational and social outcomes for multilingual children. Giving voice to parents and educators, they explore the strategies being devised to foster multilingualism and support its development both at home and in the classroom. This book presents new research findings and combines these with compelling firsthand accounts of the successes and concerns of both families and educators, making its content pertinent to a wide audience of researchers and a range of higher education courses.
Deaf toolkit : best value review of deaf children in education, from users' perspective
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
The health and wellbeing problems of the families with children have become more complex today. Improving preventive services and facilitating an early intervention in health and wellbeing problems of the families are the main challenges. A better interprofessional collaboration (IPC) of the professionals is needed to maintain the well-being level of the families high. These are skills to be learned during undergraduate education. An interprofessional pair training (IPT) for maternity and child health clinics was implemented in collaboration with primary health care centre and two universities of Oulu to develop an interprofessional education (IPE) model for undergraduate level students. Fifth year medical students (n = 101) and fourth year public health nurses (n = 31) and teachers participated in the training program during 2010-2012. The study aimed at investigating students' attitudes and readiness for interprofessional learning (IPL), at strengthening their professional skills and at gathering clients' experiences. The interprofessional student pairs met with the client visits independently. One pair contacted three clients during the day. They examined and observed the examination of the other pair. The feedback was collected from the students and the clients. Students' attitudes and readiness for IPL were assessed using RIPLS (Readiness for interprofessional learning scale). Both medical and nurse students attached great importance to teamwork and collaboration. Nurse students appreciated the learning of roles and responsibilities more important in comparison to the medical students. A tendency for stronger professional identity among medical student was noted. The clients' expectations were fulfilled. The training periods gave valuable experience to develop IP pair training for collaborative practices in primary health care and undergraduate health care education. The study results are important for curriculum development as well.
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Talk with your kids : conversations about ethics — honesty, friendship, sensitivity, fairness, dedication, individuality — and 103 other things that really matter
Children's multilingual development and education : fostering linguistic resources in home and school contexts
Collaborative learning in maternity and child health clinics
Gardening for children with autism spectrum disorders and special educational needs : engaging with nature to combat anxiety, promote sensory integration and build social skills
The Word that redescribes the world : the Bible and discipleship
Early childhood education and care policy in Finland
Integration of newly arrived immigrant pupils into schools : focus ethnography on 'preparation for basic education' in Finland
Teach your baby to sign : an illustrated guide to simple sign language for babies
Rejected prophets : Jesus and his witnesses in Luke-Acts
Language disabilities in cultural and linguistic diversity
My name was Judas
Developing practical skills for nursing children and young people
Game sense : pedagogy for performance, participation and enjoyment
Development of literacy in kindergarten and primary school
Gifted and talented children 4-11 : understanding and supporting their development
Last child in the woods : saving our children from nature-deficit disorder
Finnish preschool children's experiences of an English language shower
Children's mathematical frameworks 8-13 : a study of classroom teaching
Composing in the classroom. Opus 2
Investigating RightStart Mathematics Kindergarten instruction in Finland
Exploring numbers
Deaf children in America
Citizens of the kingdom : followers in Matthew from a feminist perspective
School for the Deaf Keren : evangelical church of Eritrea : 40 years : a small seed grows to be a big tree
Discipleship according to the Sermon on the mount : four legitimate readings, four plausible views of discipleship, and their relative values
The social construction of learning and teaching in a classroom community of inquiry
In search of affordances and visual quality : interpreting environments of children aged under three in seven Finnish day-care centres
By regarding children as actors and conducting empirical research on children's agency, Childhood Studies have gained significant influence on a wide range of different academic disciplines. This has made agency one of the key concepts of Childhood Studies, with articles on the subject featured in handbooks and encyclopaedias. Reconceptualising Agency and Childhood is the first collection devoted to the central concept of agency in Childhood Studies. With contributions from experts in the field, the chapters cover theoretical, practical, historical, transnational and institutional dimensions of agency, rekindling discussion and introducing fundamental and contemporary sociological perspectives to the field of research. Particular attention is paid to connecting agency in the social sciences with Childhood Studies, considering both the theoretical foundations and the practice of research into agency. Empirical case studies are also explored, which focus upon child protection, schools and childcare at a variety of institutions worldwide. This book is an essential reference for students and scholars of Childhood Studies, and is also relevant to Sociology, Social Work, Education, Early Childhood Education and Care (ECEC) and Geography.
Teaching a child to read
The disciple with many faces : Martin Hengel's and James H. Charlesworth's theories concerning the beloved disciple
Louise Treadwell Tracy (1896-1983), the wife of film legend Spencer Tracy, takes center stage in this work. Providing background information on her life before her marriage in 1923, her own acting career in the theater, and the people who influenced her throughout her life, this work focuses on the profound effect the discovery that their son John, born in 1924, was deaf had on the Tracys. The years spent teaching him how to talk would inspire Louise to establish the John Tracy Clinic in 1942. Dedicated to bringing awareness to doctors, educators, parents and the public that preschool-age deaf children could learn to communicate orally, the clinic survived and flourished despite often devastating financial difficulties. As the years progressed, Mrs. Spencer Tracy emerged as a highly respected leader in the field of deaf education and a tireless ambassador for the hearing-challenged.
The school of the FuTure : theoretical and pedagogical approaches for creative and playful learning environments
Pedagogical cases in physical education and youth sport
Teaching children's gymnastics : spotting and securing step by step with thousand of ideas for children to spot each other
Including pupils with disabilities
The deaf child in the family and at school : essays in honor of Kathryn P. Meadow-Orlans
Early mathematics interventions: supporting young children with low performance in mathematics
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
2nd and 3rd graders' attitudes towards the English language : attitudes before and after studying English at school
ArctiChildren InNet : empowering school eHealth model in the Barents Region
The parent/child and preschool : aquatic program manual
Book talk and beyond : children and teachers respond to literature
The Beloved Disciple in conflict? : revisiting the Gospels of John and Thomas
