http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5165 patriotism
patriotism
The power of antiquity : the Hyperborean research tradition in early modern Swedish research on national antiquity
The truth about patriotism
The look of Catholics : portrayals in popular culture from the Great Depression to the Cold War
Only the brave
Uncle Sam wants you : World War I and the making of the modern American citizen
The Risorgimento revisited : nationalism and culture in nineteenth-century Italy
Finland and the Finns
Joan of Arc in French art and culture (1700-1855) : from satire to sanctity
Language attitude and patriotism : cases from Greek history
Shifting images of "our wars" : Finnish memory culture of World War II
Whose love of which country? : composite states, national histories and patriotic discourses in early modern East Central Europe
Kamikaze, cherry blossoms, and nationalisms : the militarization of aesthetics in Japanese history
The site of Petrarchism : early modern national sentiment in Italy, France, and England
The historical imagination of G. K. Chesterton : locality, patriotism, and nationalism
"The first study of the everydayness of political life under Stalin, this book examines Soviet citizenship through common practices of expressing Soviet identity in the public space. The Stalinist state understood citizenship as practice, with participation in a set of political rituals and public display of certain 'civic emotions' serving as the marker of a person's inclusion in the political world. The state's relations with its citizens were structured by rituals of celebration, thanking, and hatred-rites that required both political awareness and a demonstrable emotional response. Soviet functionaries transmitted this obligation to ordinary citizens through the mechanisms of communal authority (workplace committees, volunteer agitators, and other forms of peer pressure) as much as through brutal state coercion.Yet, the population also often imbued these ceremonies--elections, state holidays, parades, mass rallies, subscriptions to state bonds--with different meanings: as a popular fãete, an occasion to get together after work, a chance to purchase goods not available on other days, and even as an opportunity to indulge in some drinking. The people also understood these political rituals as moments of negotiation whereby citizens fulfilling their 'patriotic duty' expected the state to reciprocate by providing essential services and basic social welfare.Nearly-universal passive resistance to required attendance casts doubt on recent theories about the mass internalization of communist ideology and the development of 'Soviet subjectivities.' The book is set in the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv during the last years of World War II and immediate postwar years, the period best demonstrating how formulaic rituals could create space for the people to express their concerns, fears, and prejudices, as well as their eagerness to be viewed as citizens in good standing. By the end of Stalin's rule, a more ossified routine of political participation developed, which persisted until the Soviet Union's collapse"--
"Like national identity, national days involve a process of 'othering', saying who you are, as much as who you are not. If some countries (such as Scotland and Ireland) celebrate them far more strongly than their neighbour, England, why is that? Why is there no British day? Why should near-neighbours, Sweden, Norway and Finland, have such different traditions of national remembering? What if a national day and its associations are so tied into a previous political regime that they have become an embarrassment? Germany, Italy and South Africa have undergone radical political changes in the last 60 years, and with these, complex processes of forgetting and remembering. If national days have considerable political significance, whether positive or negative, they are also of major economic worth. Just as 'heritage' is not simply a matter of history, but of markets, so 'national days' have the potential to be major icons of national tourism. "--Book cover.
Kipling and beyond : patriotism, globalisation and postcolonialism
The lost promise of patriotism : debating American identity, 1890-1920
Mystic chords of memory : the transformation of tradition in American culture
The embrace of unreason : France, 1914-1940
Defiance of the patriots : the Boston Tea Party & the making of America
Poetry and patriotism
Why Kipling today? Why do postcolonial discourses, as well as popular culture and journalism, keep referring back to him, as a byword for imperialism and its ideologies? Kipling and Beyond reassesses Kipling's texts and their reception and asks why Kipling continues to be a significant cultural icon. Featuring an internationally distinguished list of contributors, the collection offers fresh re-readings of Kipling's texts in order to explore new approaches to postcolonial studies; it critically examines our nostalgic gaze towards the colonial legacy, and what this means in the context of today's Anglo-American globalisation.
"This book depicts the world's national and ethnic cultures in an unprecedented way. It is based on analyses of all publicly available large databases tha provide cultural indicators about modern nations .... The author explains some of the main cultural differences between modern nations and ethnic groups across the globe. The readers will understand why human societies differ on many important indicators and what culture has to do with these: speed of economic development; happiness, tolerance of diversity; religiousness, national pride, educational achievement, difficult integration of immigrants, suicides rates, gender equality, violent crime, competition for women and sexual norms, adolescent fertility and HIV rates, corruption, rule of law, road death tolls, [and] punctuality."--P. [4] of cover.
Building the East German myth : historical mythology and youth propaganda in the German Democratic Republic, 1945-1989
Finland and the finns
Reason in society
Carried to the wall : American memory and the Vietanm veterans memorial
Restoring the Russia of intelligentsia : a case study of "Wanderer", a patriotic NGO
Small change : women, learning, patriotism, 1750-1810
"Jussi Jalonen's On Behalf of the Emperor, On Behalf of the Fatherland approaches the Russian suppression of the Polish Uprising in 1830-1831 from a new transnational perspective. The Russian mobilization involved people from the farthest reaches of the Empire, and one notable group was the Finnish Battalion of the Imperial Guard. For the Finnish elites, the war was a demonstration of loyalty to the Tsar, and the service of young Finnish gentlemen in the Russian Guards produced a sense of militarized patriotism. Relying on a rich variety of original sources, this study places the campaign in Poland in the context of the development of Finnish national awareness, providing a unique portrayal of 19th century war experience and nationalism"--Provided by publisher.
From patriots to unionists : Dublin civic politics and Irish Protestant patriotism, 1660-1840
Taylor on solidarity
Patriotism : the making and unmaking of British national identity. 1, History and politics
Bonds of affection : Americans define their patriotism
How to write the history of the New World : histories, epistemologies, and identities in the eighteenth-century Atlantic world
The ethics of patriotism : a debate
Patriotism and other mistakes
Red flag and Union Jack : Englishness, patriotism, and the British left, 1881-1924
Runeberg's two homelands
Immorality in action? : research dealing with delicate questions
Song of Finland : lauluja Suomesta = Tuhansien laulujen maa
To die for : the paradox of American patriotism
Stalin's empire of memory : Russian-Ukrainian relations in the Soviet historical imagination
Staging philanthropy : patriotic women and the national imagination in dynastic Germany, 1813-1916
Flagging patriotism : crises of narcissism and anti-americanism
Private politics and public voices : black women's activism from World War I to the New Deal
Treason's daughter
Boys in khaki, girls in print : women's literary responses to the Great War 1914-1918
Migration and identity in a post-national world
Sounds familiar
For love of country : an essay on patriotism and nationalism
In the wake of 9/11 : the psychology of terror
The war complex : World War II in our time
New perspectives from Japan and China
Cultural differences in a globalizing world
Malay nationalism before UMNO : The memoirs of Mustapha Hussain
Stalin's citizens : everyday politics in the wake of total war
Gender ironies of nationalism : sexing the nation
The making of holy Russia : the Orthodox Church and Russian nationalism before the Revolution
"From acclaimed biographer and cultural historian, author of For the Soul of France ("Masterful history...hard to put down."-Henry Kissinger); Zola ("Magnificent." --The New Yorker); and Flaubert ("Impeccable."-James Wood, cover, The New York Times Book Review)-a brilliant reconsideration of the events and the political, social, and religious movements that led to France's embrace of Fascism and anti-Semitism. Frederick Brown explores the tumultuous forces unleashed by the Dreyfus Affair, and examines how the clashing ideologies and the blood-soaked political scandals and artistic movements following the horror of World War I resulted in the country's era of militant authoritarianism; and how rioting, violent racism, and nationalistic fervor overtook France's sense of reason, sealed its fate, and led to the rise of the Vichy government. We see how the French intelligentsia turned away from the humanistic traditions and rationalistic ideals of the Enlightenment in favor of submission to authority that stressed patriotism, militarism, and xenophobia; how French conservatives attempted to rebuild and reshape the country's collective identity as the German threat loomed, as mistrust of the parliamentary Republic increased (a result of its illegal financial mismanagement of the building of the Panama Canal, and nostalgia for a monarchial government and the glories of wartime martyrdom); how the generation that came of age in the trenches, under fire, offered a new vision, and saw salvation in the surrender of reason to instinct. Brown masterfully brings to life Europe's-and France's-darkest modern years"--
The Great War in Russian memory
The politics of patriotism : English liberalism, national identity and Europe 1830-1886
Why America fights : patriotism and war propaganda from the Philippines to Iraq
"What does post-national identity mean for the control of migration? Katherine Tonkiss engages with the post-national theory of 'constitutional patriotism' and argues in favour of both post-national identity and relaxed migration controls. She explores the implications of such liberalised migration for the dynamics of identity and belonging in local communities, drawing on qualitative research on Eastern European migration to the UK. Illustrated with rich case study material, this book offers a novel contribution to the post-nationalism literature"--
America's secular challenge : the rise of a new national religion
"I devote myself to the Fatherland" : Finnish folklore, patriotic nationalism, and racial ideology
Cosmopolitanism : a philosophy for global ethics
Patriotism : in the lives of individuals and nations
This book provides a unique social science reading on the construction of nation, gender and sexuality and on the interactions among them. It includes international case studies from Indonesia, Ireland, former Yugoslavia, Liberia, Sri Lanka, Australia, the USA, Turkey, China, India and the Caribbean. The contributors offer both the masculine and feminine perspective, exposing how nations are comprised of sexed bodies, and exploring the gender ironies of nationalism and how sexuality plays a key role in nation building and in sustaining national identity. The contributors conclude that control over access to the benefits of belonging to the nation is invariably gendered; nationalism becomes the language through which sexual control and repression is justified and masculine prowess is expressed and exercised. Whilst it is men who claim the prerogatives of nation and nation building it is, for the most part, women who actually accept the obligation of nation and nation building. Contributors all based at US universities.
What makes a classic?
A dancer in the dust
Popular politics in the making of the modern Middle East
The Russian question : nationalism, modernization, and post-communist Russia
Polish patriotism after 1989 : concepts, debates, identities
1812 : war and the passions of patriotism
Narratives of nation building in Korea : a genealogy of patriotism
Finnishness and religion : Finnishness as religion?
National days : constructing and mobilising national identity
Abstract : Geography, ideology and idealism : Finland in elementary school geography textbooks.
Russian nationalism and the national reassertion of Russia
Jewish local patriotism and self-identification in the Graeco-Roman period
Changing perceptions of 1918 : World War II and the post-war rise of the Left
Soviet Russian nationalism
Patriotism and citizenship education
National identity in Great Britain and British North America, 1815-1851 : the role of nineteenth-century periodicals
Constructing patriotism : teaching history and memories in global worlds
Knowledge and skills as national capital : industrial modernization, nationalism and the failure of Asea-Strömberg 1962-1964
American values : Opposing viewpoints
For love of country : debating the limits of patriotism
Justice without borders : cosmopolitanism, nationalism, and patriotism
China's Tibet? : autonomy or assimilation
Utimut : past heritage - future partnerships : discussions on repatriation in the 21st century
Officers = Ofitsery
On behalf of the emperor, on behalf of the fatherland : Finnish officers and soldiers of the Russian Imperial Life-Guard on the battlefields of Poland, 1831
Poetry and paternity in Renaissance England : Sidney, Spenser, Shakespeare, Donne and Jonson
Patriotism and public spirit : Edmund Burke and the role of the critic in mid-eighteenth-century Britain
He shoots - he scores! A comparative study of some cultural features selected from a Canadian and an American NHL game
The night manager : the complete series
Axel Gallén and the constructed nation : art and nationalism in Young Finland 1880-1900 / Janne Gallen-Kallela-Sirén
Cinema and nation
The Finnish tradition : essays on structures and identities in the North of Europe
The Patriotic Right as a myth
A (self)portrait from the (com)promised land
The Finnish national anthem in translation : deixis and national sentiment
The heroes of Finnish nationalism
Patriotism and nationalism in music education
The lost prince
Heimat : a critical theory of the German idea of homeland
Abstract: "Patriotism" as a political concept in Sweden in the 1860s.
Patriots : national identity in Britain, 1940-2000
Honecker's children : youth and patriotism in East(ern) Germany, 1979-2002
The last confederate
The Finnish war of 1808-1809 reflected on medals
Examining the complex world of print culture and reading in the nineteenth century, this title shows how periodicals in the United Kingdom and British North America shaped and promoted ideals about national identity.
National art and the nation of artists in the Nordic countries / Timo Huusko
Remaking America : public memory, commemoration, and patriotism in the twentieth century
The patriotism of despair : nation, war, and loss in Russia
Arts and arms : literature, politics and patriotism during the Seven Years War
