http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5164 complicity
complicity
From the ground up : case studies in community empowerment
Abstract: The object of this bachelor's thesis was to study the prevalence of actualized protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior as well as to clarify carers' views on protective measures and client participation, and whether there are possibilities for empowerment. The setting for the study was Kuusela, a department offering care, guidance and rehabilitation to adults with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior. The theoretical framework for this study was based on values of the social field and the operating environment of Kuusela and how empowerment can be reached through participation and the right to subjectivity, self-determination, and dialog. Methods in acquiring the essential information were both qualitative and quantitative. Data on the prevalence of actualized protective measures was gathered through a documentary analysis. Data on carers' views on protective measures and client participation were gathered through a questionnaire consisting of a set of questions that were to be answered according to the Likert scale. The questionnaire also included two open-ended questions that required a written answer. The data were analysed according to qualitative content analysis. The results showed that the number of actualized protective measures had decreased from the year 2008 to 2010. Results on the carers' views showed that protective measures are needed and justified in their work. Although they seem conscious of the inhabitants' right to participatory working methods, it was not seen clearly in the everyday life. Obstacles in the implementation of this right were seen as being related to the inhabitants' shortcomings and the carers' attitudes and know-how. It can be concluded that continuous reflection on values and models of action is needed in order for the inhabitants' participation to be respected and implemented and for empowerment to be possible. The results showed that learning by living should be heightened through open professional discussions. The inhabitants' shortcomings should be dealt with in a professional manner and attitudes and knowledge on addressing these shortcomings should be dealt with through discussion and possibly through further training.
Modes of participation : experiences from RETA 5894: Capacity building and participation activities II
Sense of belonging for students with intensive special education needs : an exploration of students' belonging and teachers' role in implementing support
Creativity and education futures : learning in a digital age
Youth barometer 2012 : summary
Creative approaches to improving participation : giving learners a say
"This book discusses how consultations with young children could signal a change of thinking about how children might influence policy and shape the development of a child-friendly state. While the consultations in this study were germane to political decisions, they took place as multi-modal dialogue with children in their educational settings. Framed by Australia's national early years learning framework which focuses on children's belonging and identity, the consultations saw unique partnerships formed among children, educators, families and policy officers, providing ways in which children's voices may be engaged in educational spaces throughout the world. Using a qualitative case study approach, these consultations were documented through observations, interviews, artefact collection and document analyses, allowing the authors to construct a framework for engaging children as citizens that is transferable to a variety of settings. Chapters provide: - an insight into the various aspects involved in children's consultations from conceptualizing and planning consultations with young children, to implementation and documentation, through to the uptake and consequence of children's messages; - factors that contribute to the effectiveness of consultations, challenges that arise, and areas for improvement when engaging with children's voices; - implications for children's participation as valued citizens and a framework for considering young children's voices in decision-making processes. This book offers fresh ideas for working with young children in the decision making process and will appeal to early childhood researchers, educators, policymakers and practitioners across various sectors, agencies and disciplines"--
The I in design
"How often do your primary school pupils have the opportunity to engage in open-ended, sustained pieces of work that offer them choice and control? Do you find the curriculum restricts openings to provide your pupils with real challenge? Is your school grappling with finding effective ways in which to elicit authentic pupil voice? Children as Researchers in Primary Schools is an innovative and unique resource for practitioners supporting children to become 'real world' researchers in the primary classroom. It will supply you with the skills and ideas to implement a 'Children as Researchers' framework for your classroom that can be adapted for different ages and abilities. With the current emphasis in lesson planning on 'bite-size' learning, children in primary schools are accustomed to being set short-term goals. They are rarely aware of long term aims or of the connections between the concepts and skills they are learning. In contrast, children engaging in research processes gain invaluable experience, can manage their own projects and learn with greater self-esteem. Based on the author's four-year research study exploring the experiences of young researchers and teachers in primary schools, this book contains: - The history and theory behind the 'Children as Researchers' initiative; - Models for good practice based on successful real life case studies; - Questions for reflective practice; - Practical examples of research in the classroom; - Photocopiable resources; - Opportunities for self-evaluation. This comprehensive resource will be appeal to primary teachers, educational practitioners and students on CPD and ITT courses. It will also be of interest to teacher trainers and academics involved in teaching and research"--
Participation in crime : developments in Dutch law
Summary: A predetermined truth : infanticide and accomplice in 18th century Finland through gender, body and social control.
Protective Measures in Working with People with Intellectual Disabilities : Carers' Views on Protective Measures and Client Participation
The ethics of caring for older people
The professional side of co-production
Einzelverantwortung und Mitverantwortung im Strafrecht : Europäisches Kolloquium auf Schloss Ringberg am Tegernsee vom 1.-3. Juli 1996 = Individual, participatory and collective responsibility in criminal law
Changing literacy practices : a becoming of a new teacher agency
Participation in and beyond liminalities : action research with unaccompanied asylum-seeking girls
Of the people, by the people : the case for participatory economy
The participatory turn : spirituality, mysticism, religious studies
The cry of nature' reveals how humans engaged in the struggle for animal emancipation and examines for the first time the role of visual art in the growth of animal rights. Embracing the lessons of Montaigne, Rousseau, and many others, they proposed that humans and animals have a shared evolutionary heritage of sentience, intelligence and empathy, and deserve equal access to the domain of moral rights. From the mid-eighteenth century a new and more compassionate understanding of animals began to challenge prevailing views. Witnessing the pain and hearing the outcry of the animals massed together in the great cities of Europe, sympathetic writers and artists argued that animals were neither slaves nor automata, and possessed the capacity to feel and even think. Refuting the biblical dispensation of humans' dominion over animals, they contended that animals possessed inalienable rights. Thus was born a global movement that fundamentally changed how we understand our relationship to the natural world.
Government integration programme for 2016–2019 and government resolution on a government integration programme
This doctoral thesis focuses on children's participation in a Finnish reception centre. Using participatory action research (PAR) as the research methodology, the study engaged 12 unaccompanied asylum-seeking girls from Somalia, Angola and Democratic Republic of Congo to consider children's participation during the asylum process, and to explore the ways in which the girls' participation and wellbeing could be promoted.The research questions, which were formulated during the process in cooperation with the girls, were the following: How do the unaccompanied asylum-seeking girls view participation, its relevance and the possibilities for it during their asylum period? How does the liminality of their life situation promote or hinder their participation? How do the intersecting social categories affect their participation? Methodologically, the study focused on how PAR can be applied to promote children's participation in institutional care in a culturally and gender-sensitive way.The conceptual framework consists mainly of critical pedagogy and intersectionality. Critical pedagogy made the foundations for the PAR, whereas intersectionality helped to comprehend the liminality of the girls' life worlds. Both theoretical perspectives contributed to understanding and implementing the participatory paradigm.The findings show that the unaccompanied girls' experiences of participation cannot be explained only through the girls' vulnerability or their resilience, as they clearly belong to both categories and move within them. The participation, which was meaningful for the girls, reflected their fluid positions in relation to their gender, age and status as asylum seekers. Participation meant both the right to voice opinions and the possibility to choose silence, as well as the opportunity to include 'ordinary things' into their lives.
Bridging Baltic : our project - our story!
A description of male participation in prevention of mother to child transmission of HIV programmes, as viewed by Luba-Kasai men and midwives in the Lusaka district of Zambia
Bringing more to participation : participation in school activities of persons with disability within the framework of the International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health for Children and Youth (ICF-CY)
Democracy, participation and contestation : civil society, governance and the future of liberal democracy
Microcredit and women's empowerment : does microcredit promote the borrowers to participate in the household decision-making process in Bangladesh?
The cry of nature : art and the making of animal rights
Abstract in English.
Home, school, and community collaboration : culturally responsive family involvement
Decentralisation policy in Cambodia : exploring community participation in the education sector
Choices for recovery : community-based rehabilitation and the Clubhouse model as means to mental health reforms
"When girls don't have to work that much they are doing better in school" : ethnographic case study on girls participation in Nepalese village school
Next Chapter Book Club : a model community literacy program for people with intellectual disabilities
The politics of heroin : CIA complicity in the global drug trade : Afghanistan, Southeast Asia, Central America, Colombia
Adolescents' participation and agency in food education
Taking part in music : case studies in ethnomusicology
Expertise by experience, participation and wellbeing : exploring participation and wellbeing with experts by experience of EHJÄ ry's Omilleen-toiminta unit
Having their say : young people and participation : European experiences
Children as citizens : engaging with the child's voice in educational settings
Participation in and beyond liminalities:action research with unaccompanied asylum-seeking girls
Child and youth policy programme 2012-2015
Social policy change through participation : does parents' participation make a difference in the reform of services for children, adolescents and families?
On the infra ordinary
Land of strangers
Parties to a crime and the notion of a complicity object : a comparative study of the alternatives provided by the model penal code, Swedish law and Claus Roxin
Teacher's attitudes towards inclusion and the inclusion of students with emotional and behavioural disorders
Narrative discourse analysis for teacher educators : managing cultural differences in classrooms
Government report on the future : well-being through sustainable growth
Enhancing children's participation in early childhood education through the participatory pedagogy
Becoming a scholar : the dynamic interaction between the doctoral student and the schlarly community
Hitler's furies : German women in the Nazi killing fields
Protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities: carers' views on protective measures and client participation
Faith in small groups of adolescents : being together as a basic given
Hearing the voices of the gypsy, Roma and traveller communities : inclusive community development
Limited English proficiency : case studies of Finns with limited English proficiency
Children, young people and social inclusion : participation for what?
"The establishment of democracy on both sides of the Atlantic has not been a smooth evolution towards an idealized presumed endpoint. Far from it, democratization has been marked by setbacks and victories, a process often referred to as "contested democracy". In view of recent mobilizations such as the Arab Spring and the Occupy movement, in which new technologies have played a key role, there is a need for a renewed analysis of the long-term evolution of US and UK political systems. Using new areas of research, this book argues that the ideals and the practices of Anglo-American democracy can be best understood by studying diverse forms of participation, which go beyond classical expressions of contestation and dissent such as voting. The authors analyze political parties, social movements, communications and social media, governance, cultural diversity, identity politics, public-private actors and social cohesion to illustrate how the structure and context of popular participation play a significant role in whether, and when, citizens' efforts have any meaningful impact on those who exercise political power. In doing so, the authors take crucial steps towards understanding how a vigorous public sphere and popular sovereignty can be made to work in today's global environment. This book will be of interest to students and scholars of political science, British and US history, democracy, political participation, governance, social movements and politics"--
Artificial hells : participatory art and the politics of spectatorship
Lacey, Wells and Quick Reconstructing criminal law : text and materials
Logical framework analysis in participatory project planning
Stakeholder participation in designing and implementing e-government programs
How is the phenomenon of shared leadership understood in the theory and practice of school leadership? : a case study conducted in four European schools
Insights and outlouds : childhood research in the North
Developing subjective identities through collective participation
Theatre for living : the art and science of community-based dialogue
The ecology of games : connecting youth, games, and learning
Planetary citizenship : your values, beliefs, and actions can shape a sustainable world
Education society 2.0 : inclusion and skills for all
Under three's - under engaged? : participation in early childhood education
Rethinking children and research : attitudes in contemporary society
Recovery through activity : increasing participation in everyday life
Participation in crime in Nordic criminal laws : variations on a theme
Insights and outlouds: Childhood research in the North
Participation, facilitation, and mediation : children and young people in their social contexts
Partnerships with stakeholders
"Introducing creativity into the classroom is a challenge for governments and teachers. Employers around the world are increasingly interested in people who can think and work in a creative fashion. Families and Communities need people who are self-reliant, able to takes risks, to express and speak up for themselves and to be able to act independently. In recent years there has been a drive to make experiences at school more exciting, relevant, challenging and dynamic for all young people. Creative Approaches to Learning explores imaginative and creative ways to involve young people and children as stakeholders in their education. It looks at how they have actively participated in their own learning; transforming classrooms, curricula, school environments and teaching practices. Promoting reflection on current 'student-teacher-school' relationships, links between home and school and between school and the wider world, the contributions within this book illustrate how the active engagement of students can lead to greater confidence, self-reliance and risk-taking; skills essential for a successful post-school career. Through an exploration of students' current inclusion in school life, this book provides: - A study of key issues and debates surrounding student participation - Ideas for increasing student participation and motivation for learning - Case studies from a range of creative learning projects with analysis of their achievements and challenges - Guidance on the creation of active, relevant and effective pedagogies - Practical suggestions for reflective practice and CPD A functional, accessible guide to creatively increasing students' participation"-- Provided by publisher.
Government resolution on the government integration programme : the government's focus areas for 2012-2015
Criminal participation in Danish law : uniformity unlimited?
Becoming a scholar : the dynamic interaction between the doctoral student and the scholarly community
Exploring multicultural belonging : individual across cultures, languages and places
Participatory policies and social rights in out-of-home placement services : negotiated agencies of vulnerable children
Key concepts and approaches of participatory development
The doors of the sea : where was God in the Tsunami?
Personal liberty in psychiatric care : towards service user involvement
Open and equal participation : summary of the Government's democracy policy report 2014 in easy to read language
Children as researchers in primary schools : choice, voice, and participation
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Hitler's Furies : German women in the Nazi killing fields
The eyes of the people : democracy in an age of spectatorship
Enabling the creators : arts and cultural management and the challenge of social inclusion
Professionalization and participation in child and youth care : challenging understandings in theory and practice
A modern treatise on the law of criminal complicity
Faith-based social action in combating marginalization : conference proceedings, Helsinki, 17.-18.11.2011
Community development & diaconia : case studies from Central and Eastern Europe
