http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5161 waiters
waiters waitresses
All together dead
A Waiter's Work Manual at Restaurang Käringsund
English for waiters : grammar and exercises
From dead to worse
Deadlocked
Showmanship in the dining room
Poultrygeist : night of the chicken dead
The Waiter and Waitress Training Manual
Dead to the world : a Sookie Stackhouse novel
Dead and gone
Hooked on the sea
Food and beverage service
A touch of dead : Sookie Stackhouse : the complete stories
Mrs Wobble the waitress
Dead to the world
Working in a service industry
The waiter and his public
Retaining temporary and part time personnel in the restaurant sector
The waiter
Dead in the family
Presenting service : the ultimate guide for foodservice professionals
The professional server
Tainted love
Vocational qualification in hotel and restaurant services
Happy cafe. Volume 1
This is a project based thesis describing the process of writing a wine service handbook for sommeliers. Though the name implies that the guidebook is aimed only for sommeliers, it is written in a fashion that makes it useful for all wait staff who want to better there knowledge on the proper processes of wine service. Yet the guidebook is also designed to give sommeliers and restaurant mangers theoretical background to give a better understanding of the critical phases in wine service processes, which in turn can help in planning and designing wine service processes for restaurants. The need for such a guidebook becomes evident when studying both wine and service literature. Wine literature is often written with the wine connoisseur in mind, and whilst such literature does often touch on the subject of serving wine, it is often not applicable to the restaurant environment. Much of the service literature available is rather outdated, and often serving wine is discussed in a very brief manner, with very little emphasis on detailed process description and often no information on the theoretical background behind service processes. The guidebook itself attempts to approach the subject of serving wine in a very detailed and pedantic fashion, giving both the reader both practical advice and the theories behind the practice. The basic service processes such as opening and presenting a wine bottle are discussed in much detail, with the aim of giving the reader a clear view on how these processes should proceed. The guidebook also explains the specifics of the processes involved in serving; red-, white- and sparkling wines, and the special features of serving wines by the glass; furthermore it describes special service processes such as decanting and sabrage. The guidebook also covers important external factors effecting wine quality such as; service temperatures, wine glasses and wine faults. Finally the guidebook discusses storage of wine, specifically from the view of a restaurant.
The mark and the void
Guide to good service : a manual for hostesses and waitresses
Restaurant service basics
Service : a guide for professionals
The management of service for the restaurant manager
Living dead in Dallas
Service included : four-star secrets of an eavesdropping waiter
Dishing it out : power and resistance among waitresses in a New Jersey restaurant
The secrets of service
Tokyo mew mew. Vol. 1
Professional restaurant service
All together now
Tokyo mew mew. Vol. 2
Living Dead in Dallas
Shake for me
The waiter and waitress training manual
The waiting game : the essential guide for wait staff
At your service : a hands-on guide to the professional dining room
Definitely dead
The bricks that built the houses
English for waiters : textbook
The gourmet's host : the role of classic cuisine and service in restaurant management
She's a starving artist and he's a billionaire playboy. Siobhan came to New York with a purpose: she wants to become a successful artist. To pay her bills in the meantime, she's the hostess at The Stone Room, a bar for the beautiful and the billionaires. She was fine with being on her own until tech billionaire Derick takes her breath away.
True blood omnibus. III :  All together dead ; From dead to worse ; Dead and gone
Honey
The waiter & waitress and waitstaff training handbook : a complete guide to the proper steps in service for food & beverage employees
The affair. Season one
Tokyo mew mew. Vol. 5
Gourmet table service : a professional guide
The correct waitress
Tin man : the Wizard of Oz story
2 broke girls. The complete third season
Dead as a doornail
The French quarter
Service : the master's guide
Dead reckoning
The waiter's handbook
Writing a wine service handbook for sommeliers
Club Dead
