http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5178 singles
singles
The time of our lives
Bridget Jones's diary
Many of us are deeply worried about what is happening to our families. We are deluged with experts telling us what we are doing wrong. Mary Howell writes about change, and choice - in social policies, in living styles, and in other institutions that affect and are affected by families: work, child care, education, and health care.
Wrapped up in you
The list
Sleeping with Mozart
The single trap  : the two-step guide to escaping it and finding lasting love
Match me if you can
A leap of faith
10 reasons not to fall in love
Forever yours
The alpha woman meets her match : how today's strong women can find love and happiness without settling
Dare to touch
It's not you : 27 (wrong) reasons you're single
Please God, find me a husband
The Cosmopolitan guide to online dating : a practical guide for dating divas
Single in the city : a survey of China's single women
The year of yes : the true story of a girl, a few hundred dates, and fate
Dare to hold
Spinster tales and womanly possibilities
Rules for a perfect life
You had me at Merlot
Just the three of us
Elle and Laurie are the last ones standing: they're single, they're not having babies any time soon and their weekends aren't filled with joyful meetings about mortgages. For Elle, this is fine. She likes her independent life, but Laurie wants love and she wants it now. So when Laurie begs Elle to come with her on a singles holiday to a beautiful vineyard in Tuscany, Elle is reluctant. She has no intention of swapping her perfectly lovely life for someone else's idea of her Mr Perfect, but 10 days under the Italian sun with her best friend and lashings of wine? How bad could that be? Full of sultry summer nights, hilarious moments and plenty of adventure, 'You Had Me at Merlot' will warm even the most cynical of hearts and have you believing in the magic of romance (and the power of a decent glass of wine).
The balance thing
The marriage charm
The girl before
Anything for love
The marriage pact
Happily-ever-after librarian Alice Ripley unexpectedly finds herself in a real-life adventure filled with mystery and romance in the 1930s as she serves rural communities in Kentucky / Library of Congress.
Take a chance on me
The matchmaker
How to be single
Zen and the art of vampires : a dark ones novel
Single, carefree, mellow
Little white lies
Diamonds and daisies
Keeping the love you find : a single person's guide to achieving lasting love
Man of the month club
High fidelity
The good, the bad and the dumped
All the single ladies : a novel
Going solo : the extraordinary rise and surprising appeal of living alone
Lost dogs and lonely hearts
Bridget Jones : mad about the boy
Please God, find me a husband!
Love smart : find the one your want - fix the one you got
Women without husbands : an exploration of the margins of marriage
No! I don't want to join a bookclub
The 5 love languages : singles edition
Single fathers
Single girl abroad
He's just not that into you : your daily wake-up call
A vintage affair
Decoding love : why it takes twelve frogs to find a prince, and other revelations from the science of attraction
Wedding season
Here are nine men. Each of them is at a different stage in life, each of them is away from home, and each of them is striving - in the suburbs of Prague, in an over-developed Alpine village, beside a Belgian motorway, in a crap Cypriot hotel - to understand just what it means to be alive, here and now. Vibrating with detail and intelligence, pathos and surprise, All That Man Is is a portrait of contemporary manhood, contemporary Europe and contemporary life from a British writer of supreme gifts - the master of a new kind of realism --
Marshmallows for breakfast
Negotiated meanings of fashion-forward television programmes : a case study on Sex and the city and Gossip girl
Soul mates : true stories from the world of online dating
Sex and the single girl
The girls' guide to homemaking
Ain't too proud to beg
He's just not that into you : the no-exuses truth to understanding guys
Do you want to know a secret?
MODERN & CONTEMPORARY FICTION (POST C 1945). A dazzling urban satire of modern relationships? An ironic, tragic insight into the demise of the nuclear family? Or the confused ramblings of a pissed thirty-something? As Bridget documents her struggles through the social minefield of her thirties and tries to weigh up the eternal question (Daniel Cleaver or Mark Darcy?), she turns for support to four indispensable friends: Shazzer, Jude, Tom and a bottle of chardonnay. Bridget Jones's Diary was first published in 1996 and applauded by critics from Salman Rushdie to Jilly Cooper. A number-one bestseller, Helen Fielding's book has sold over fifteen million copies worldwide and has been turned into an Academy Award-nominated film starring Renee Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.
The lobster
The black widow
Dare to submit
Straight talking
Summer and the city : a Carrie diaries novel
Have him at hello : confessions from 1000 guys about what makes them fall in love... or never call back
Once upon a prince
How to be single : a novel
Single women in popular culture : the limits of postfeminism
Singled out : how singles are stereotyped, stigmatized, and ignored, and still live happily ever after
Why you're not married- yet
A year of being single
Observing the transformation of China's first marriage pattern through net nuptiality tables : 1982-2010
Love is a thief
Increasing numbers of women live outside marriage or in marriages in which partners live largely separate lives. This book looks at the lives of such women, their sources of social and economic support as well as how they manage and organize their household routines. It explores the implications of their of their marginality to marriage for their domestic power, their familial relationships and their independent identity.
Acts of love
Spinster : making a life of one's own
All that man is
Style and the single girl : how modern women re-dressed the novel, 1922-1977
Rumour has it
Thinking of you
A single to Rome
The girl before : a novel
Dare to surrender
Single, carefree, mellow : stories
The lotus eaters
Bridget Jones : the edge of reason
Love me or leave me
The good bride guide
Sex and the single vampire
The make-up girl
Single women alone & together
High tide
The resident
The C words
My horizontal life : meet Chelsea. One girl behaving very, very badly..
It's just a date! : how to... get 'em, read 'em and rock 'em
Once more with feeling
"A psychological thriller that spins one woman's seemingly good fortune, and another woman's mysterious fate, through a kaleidoscope of duplicity, death, and deception"--
