http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p517 traffic safety
traffic safety
Truck crashworthiness, occupant protection and ergonomics
Conclusions of the seminar (s. 141-143).
Slowly driving motorists
Safer and cleaner shipping in the European Union
Baltic Sea Maritime Safety Programme
Theory of rational decision-making and its applications to adaptive transmission
Comprehensive road safety project in Kenya
Principales actions de la CEMT dans le domaine de la sécurité routière = Principal actions of ECMT in the field of road safety
Effectiveness of road safety education programmes
Abstract (s. 4). Executive summary (s. 9-12).
Information security management handbook. Volume 4
CEVNI : European code for inland waterways : revision 1
Performance metrics for assessing driver distraction : the quest for improved road safety
The safety of cycling children : effect of the street environment
Road safety education for young children and teenagers : fourth joint ECMT/Council of Europe conference, Strasbourg, France , 2-4 March 1994
Overview on the cost-effectiveness of maritime safety policy instruments
Does background music affect highway driving? : an experimental study
Driver behaviour and training. Volume IV
Behavioural adaptations to changes in the road transport system
Sleep, sleepiness and traffic safety
Road accidents of trailer combinations in Finland : a case study
Road safety performance : national peer review : Lithuania
Mining road traffic accidents
Capacity, workload and mental contents : exploring the foundations of driver distraction
Risk-taking behaviour in traffic : markers of risk-taking behaviour / Diva Eensoo
Vehicle accident analysis and reconstruction methods
Adhesive joining for crashworthiness : material data and explicit FE-methods
Research on road traffic
Intersections control and safety
Road safety performance : national peer review : Russian Federation
Security policy 2011 : report on the implementation of the "Main guidelines of Estonia's security policy until 2015"
Vision zero in traffic safety work : rule following and injury in Finnish traffic : a study of fatal motor vehicle accidents in Finland between 1991 and 1998
Traffic safety
Maritime safety and security : literature review
Sensor data fusion based estimation of tyre-road friction to enhance collision avoidance
Traffic value and attitude project : main report : traffic values and attitudes of drivers who have little driving experience, their connection with background variables describing the driver and with traffic behaviour
Sleepiness and stress among long-haul truck drivers : an educational intervention to promote safe and economic truck driving
The total motorcycling manual
Utilization of incident reporting in the Finnish maritime industry
The studded tire - a fair bargain? : a cost-benefit assessment
Collision resistance of certain side of ro-ro passenger ship
Violence at sea : piracy in the age of global terrorism
Safer traffic in the Nordic Countries : action programme 1992-1994
Transportation and development innovative best practices 2008 : proceedings of the first international symposium, April 24-26, 2008, Beijing, China
Traffic accidents as a dysfunction of technological development
Executive summary (s. 7-15).
Summary: Safety study on traffic control deviations in Kouvola, Finland.
Roundabouts and heavy vehicles
Airbags and their potential in Finnish motor crashes
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems’ security
Safety study on level crossing accidents : a shortened version
Executive summary and conclusions (s. 7-13).
Transport of dangerous goods in Finland : strategy 2006-2015
Overtakings and platoons on two-lane rural roads
Abstract (s. 5). Executive summary (s. 6-8). Conclusions and recommendations (s. 67-72).
Technological shortcuts to social change
Road safety 2006 - 2010
Professional driving : an emphasis on organizational safety climate
Information technology risk management in enterprise environments : a review of industry practices and a practical guide to risk management teams
Abstract (s. 5). - Executive summary (s. 6-8).
Guidelines for improving the safety of elderly road users : report
Young drivers : the road to safety
Efficiency of the ISM Code in Finnish shipping companies
Psychosocial aspects of transformation of the Czech society within the context of European integration
Traffic : why we drive the way we do (and what it says about us)
GOFREP in all and its users`opinions : A study on user friendliness and general information concerning GOFREP
Research highlights in safety & security
Modification of a test rig for child safety seats and performing tests with a sled test facility
Restrains for adults and children in the back seat of private cars : An estimation of the effect of alternative regulations
Targeted road safety programmes : report
Trends in the transport sector
General aviation security : aircraft, hangars, fixed-base operations, flight schools, and airports
Machine-to-machine Communications : Architectures, Technology, Standards, and Applications
Holistic work system design and management:— a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers’ work outside the cab
Keeping children safe in traffic
Integrated traffic safety management in urban areas
Road safety plan : the recommendation of the Consultative Committee on Road Safety
Practical road safety auditing
Best practices in road safety : handbook for measures at the country level
Computer based statistical treatment in models with incidental parameters : inspired by car crash data
Road transport research outlook
Traffic psychology today
Cycling futures : from research into practice
Master : Managing speeds of traffic on European roads
Abstract (s. 4). Conclusions and recommendations (s. 115-119).
Theoretical models of attitudes and the prediction of drivers' behaviour
Marketing of traffic safety : report
Abstract (s. 4). Executive summary (s. 5-6).
Human behavior and traffic safety
ICT, your ticket to the future : boarding pass
The emotional experience of class : interpreting working-class kid's street racing in Helsinki
Performance evaluation of communication protocols for cooperative road safety applications
Traffic safety in Finland
Kenya : Road Safety Improvement Project : report of the Evaluation Mission, May 1985
The highway risk problem : policy issues in highway safety
Holistic work system design and management : a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers' work outside the cab
Road safety, first and foremost a matter of responsibility : introductory reports and summary of the discussion : international seminar, Hamburg, 1st-3rd June 1988.
1. Comparative evaluation of dummy responce with thor-lx/HIIIr and hybrid III lower extremities   2. Simulation and identification of the neck muscle activities during head and neck flexion whiplash / Deng, Yih-Charg   3. Pedestrial throw kinematics in forward projection collisions   4. Human occupant kinematics in low speed side impacts   5. Finite element analysis using muscles elements and experimental analysis with a new flexible neck model of whiplash injuries in rear-end collisions / Yoshida, Hiroaki   6. An analysis of recent accidents involving upper extremity fractures associated with airbag deployment   7. Optimization of bumper structure for pedestrial lower leg impact / Han, Ha Yong   8. Load distribution-specific viscoelastic characterization of the hybrid III chest   9. Responce of the 6-month-old CRABI in foreward facing and rear facing child restraints to a simulated real world impact   10. Investigation of ocular injuries from high velocity objects in an automobile collision   11. Relationships between impact pulse duration and occupant kinematics in low speed rear impacts / Szabo, Thomas J.   12. Neck biomechanical responses with active head restrains : rear barrier tests with bioRID and sled tests with hybrid III.
OECD road safety research : a synthesis
RACER : a non-commercial driving game which became a serious tool in the research of driver fatigue
Information society technologies for transport and mobility : achievements and ongoing projects from the fifth framework programme
Road safety and first aid for children : good practice guide
World Forum for Harmonization of Vehicle Regulations (WP.29) : how it works, how to join it
The enlightened cyclist : commuter angst, dangerous drivers, and other obstacles on the path to two-wheeled transcendence
Working party on the construction of vehicles : its role in the international perspective
Epidemiological and laboratory studies in alcohol, drugs and traffic safety
Summary.
CEVNI : European code for inland waterways : revision 2
Recidivism among problem drinking : DWI-offenders in Finland
Impact biomechanics
Effects of defensive driving training in a bus company
Towards the Geopolitics of Flows : implications for Finland
Correlation of road retardation and dynamometer measurements for lorries and trailer combinations
An economical way of improving traffic safety by widening the carriageway so that even traffic stresses are obtained at the edge zone and middle part of the traffic lane
Safety culture and maritime personnel's safety attitudes : interview report
Assessing the validity of evaluation research by means of meta-analysis : case illustrations from road safety research
The use of safety belts and their effect in accidents
Auton iän vaikutus passiiviseen turvallisuuteen = The effect of car age on passive safety
Integrated strategies for safety and environment ; Environment in transport policies : Helsinki Transport Environment and Safety Week: Safe, sustainable transport? May 11-15, 1998, Finland : proceedings = Stratégies integrées de sécurité et d'environnement ; Environnement et politiques de transports : Helsinki semaine de l'environnement et de la sécurité routière: Transports sûrs et durables? Du 11 au 15 mai 1998 Finlande : compte-rendu
Modelling driver behaviour in automotive environments : critical issues in driver interactions with intelligent transport systems
The impact of market structure on international heavy goods vehicle road safety : exploratory findings in the Baltic sea region 2010-2011
Maintaining safe mobility in an aging society
Effects of roadside advertisements on road safety
Moral responsibility in traffic safety and public health
Safety evaluation of road characteristics : addressing a road, vehicle and driver system by exploiting diverse data sources
Stories from the streets : some fieldwork notes on seduction of speed : with an introduction by Mike Presdee
The Isaac Newton school of driving : physics & your car
Monitoring of traffic behaviour 1994
Drive correctly in Finland
Traffic on the roadwork site : portable traffic signals
Road safety : impact of new technologies
The regional differences between countries in traffic safety : a cross-cultural study and Turkish Case
Studded and unstudded vehicle speeds on icy and dry roads : driver reaction to a safety measure
Women, alcohol, drugs and fatal traffic accidents in Finland
The night driving legibility effects of dirt on road signs
Connected vehicles : can V2V communication and internet connectivity improve safety?
Incident reporting in shipping : experiences and best practices for the Baltic Sea
Human factors in traffic safety
Car safety, aggressivity and accident involvement rates by car model 1997
Vulnerable road users in the Asian and Pacific Region
Abstract (s. 4). Executive summary (s. 5-7).
Saving 20 000 lives on our roads : a shared responsibility : European road safety action programme
"This book presents an exhaustive compilation of state-of-the-art research and theory into the causes and consequences of behavioral adaptation in road transport/road safety and systems. It brings together earlier and more recent theories on behavioral adaptation, combined with practical advice and methods to minimize the potential impact of behavioral adaptation on the road transport system and road user safety. This text is an essential component of any road safety library, benefiting researchers, practitioners, designers and policy-makers interested in maximizing safety while encouraging innovation and excellence in road transport-related design"--
Collisions with road structures and appurtenances
Children, transport and the quality of life
Transforming maritime safety culture : evaluation of the impacts of the ISM Code on maritime safety culture in Finland
The accident involvement and injury risk rates of car models
Alcohol and drugs in Finland : drivers killed in traffic accidents
Road accidents : on-site investigations : report
Behavioural adaptation and road safety : theory, evidence, and action
Cars
