http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5179 people living alone
people living alone
It's called a breakup because it's broken : the smart girl's breakup buddy
How to build an exciting singles ministry-- and keep it going
Christmas eve at Friday Harbour
Serious sweet : a novel
Mars and Venus on a date : 5 steps to success in love and romance
Independent women : work and community for single women 1850-1920
Single women/family ties : life histories of older women
The single woman and the fairytale prince
Bridget Jones's diary
Lonely hearts
Despite growing awareness of feminist sensibilities, single women remain polarized in the popular imagination. Either old maids or power women, they remain defined in relation to men - women who can't get, or, unnaturally, women who don't want a man. Through extensive historical research as well as interviews with dozens of women from San Francisco, London, and Helsinki, Tuula Gordon here forcefully exposes the artificial nature of this perceived dichotomy. The single woman is mistakenly seen to be a product of the twentieth century. Drawing on figures as diverse as Joan of Arc, Elizabeth I, and the Amazons, Gordon brings to light a powerful tradition of single womanhood and calls the marginality of single women into question. Conceptions of woman are important in shaping the possibilities and limitations of single women. A heterogeneous group in terms of occupation, ethnic grouping and sexual orientation, the women portrayed in this book serve to emphasize the diversity of single women, while indicating that their societal and cultural integration is still not wholly free of problems. Tuula Gordon's incisive application of feminist theory further add to a fascinating and invaluable study of an increasingly significant segment of society.
Spinsters and lesbians : independent womanhood in the United States
In Northern Europe almost half of households consist of one person. Rates of living alone are lower in the Global South but the trend is still on the increase. Prevalent first among the elderly, living alone then becomes common at ages associated with partners and children. Fears about the end of family and community combine with stereotypes, the 'sad and lonely' or 'selfish singles', in popular depictions. This groundbreaking and highly original study brings evidence to the core debates about contemporary social change in the context of globalization, exploring individualization and social connection, the future of family formation, consumption and identities, the relevance of place - rural or urban - in mobile worlds, sexuality, belonging and 'community', living arrangements and sustainability. This book presents a systematic sociological analysis of the growing trend of solo living across the globe, while also drawing on the voices of working-age men and women living in urban and rural areas in the UK.
Single life and the city 1200-1900
The Guernsey literary and potato peel pie society
The bachelors
How we live now : redefining home and family in the 21st century
The single woman : a discursive investigation
Jeeves : Joy in the morning : a BBC Radio 4 full-cast dramatisation
The ice queen : a novel
Single blessedness : observations on the single status in married society
He's just not that into you : your daily wake-up call
"My family" : - discussing the idea of family through subjective conceptions of young single people
Single women : on the margins?
Single mothers by choice : a guidebook for single women who are considering or have chosen motherhood
Julius Winsome : a novel
The single trap  : the two-step guide to escaping it and finding lasting love
Finnish expatriates in Brussels
Marriages and families : making choices and facing the change
The Cosmopolitan guide to online dating : a practical guide for dating divas
Lone mothers between paid work and care : the policy regime in twenty countries
Pippi Longstocking's after-Christmas party
Maneater
The other Mrs Walker
Enhancing health resources among older people in the community using a salutogenesis-based intervention programme
The lonely passion of Judith Hearne
Bridget Jones : the edge of reason
Single women
The girl before : a novel
Single life : unmarried adults in social context
Keeping the love you find : a single person's guide to achieving lasting love
The art of being a single woman
Persons living alone in Finland
Lillian on life
The bay of angels
He's just not that into you : the no-exuses truth to understanding guys
A man called Ove
It's not you : 27 (wrong) reasons you're single
Complete as one
Scarlet letters : fictions of adultery from antiquity to the 1990s
This important qualitative study illuminates lifelong single women's contributions to family development in relation to their widowed peers. Allen examines the social and historical contexts of the women's childhoods, their experiences as young adults and the processes leading to their being single or married. Midlife variations in family caregiving experiences and the meaning of being single in old age are also discussed.
Otherhood : modern women finding a new kind of happiness
Jane Austen's guide to dating
Work and financial survival in the life stories of Finnish lone mothers : complicating the existing research narrative on the financial aspects of lone motherhood
Finnish sex : the tables of all the questions of the 1992 survey and the comparable questions of the 1971 survey
No! I don't want to join a bookclub
Living alone : globalization, identity, and belonging
Spinster : making a life of one's own
The glass room
Worth
The lobster
The opposite of falling
"A psychological thriller that spins one woman's seemingly good fortune, and another woman's mysterious fate, through a kaleidoscope of duplicity, death, and deception"--
It's just a date! : how to... get 'em, read 'em and rock 'em
Singled out : how singles are stereotyped, stigmatized, and ignored, and still live happily ever after
Smart love : a field guide for single adults
Women without husbands : an exploration of the margins of marriage
Going solo : the extraordinary rise and surprising appeal of living alone
Love for the lost
He is so obsessed with me
Single mothers in an international context : mothers or workers?
Increasing numbers of women live outside marriage or in marriages in which partners live largely separate lives. This book looks at the lives of such women, their sources of social and economic support as well as how they manage and organize their household routines. It explores the implications of their of their marginality to marriage for their domestic power, their familial relationships and their independent identity.
In a freezing, desolate Edinburgh flat, an old woman takes her last breath surrounded by the few objects she has accrued over a lifetime: an emerald dress, a brazil nut engraved with the Ten Commandments - and six orange pips sucked dry. Meanwhile, guided by the flip of a coin, Margaret Penny arrives back at her old family home, escaping a life in London recently turned to ash. Faced with relying on a resentful mother she has never really known, Margaret soon finds herself employed by the Office for Lost People, tasked with finding the families of the dead: the neglected, the abandoned, the lost. Her instructions are to uncover paperwork, yet the only thing Mrs Walker, the old woman in her current case, left behind is a series of peculiar objects. But in the end it is these objects that will unravel Mrs Walker's real story: a story rooted in London grime and moving from the 1930s to the present day, a story of children abandoned and lost, of beguiling sisters and misplaced mothers, of deception and thievery, family secrets and the very deepest of betrayals; in which the extraordinary circular nature of life will glitter from the page. For in uncovering the astonishing tale of an old woman who died alone, Margaret will finally discover her own story, too.
The woman upstairs : a novel
Independent women : work and community for single women 1850-1920 ; Martha Vicinus
The spinster and her enemies : feminism and sexuality 1880-1930
