http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5173 Finnish Kinship Wars
Finnish Kinship Wars
The African wars
Can national dialogue break the power of terror in Burundi? : report on the impact of the international conference National Dialogue held in Bujumbura on May 15-18 on Burundian efforts to restore democratic process in the country
Bones of the Hills
The Southern Cheyennes
The mammoth book of native Americans
Humanity : a moral history of the twentieth century
"In 1991, certain political and military leaders in Somalia, wishing to gain exclusive control over the state, mobilized their followers to use terror—wounding, raping, and killing—to expel a vast In 1991, certain political and military leaders in Somalia, wishing to gain exclusive control over the state, mobilized their followers to use terror—wounding, raping, and killing—to expel a vast number of Somalis from the capital city of Mogadishu and south-central and southern Somalia. Manipulating clan sentiment, they succeeded in turning ordinary civilians against neighbors, friends, and coworkers. Although this episode of organized communal violence is common knowledge among Somalis, its real nature has not been publicly acknowledged and has been ignored, concealed, or misrepresented in scholarly works and political memoirs—until now. Marshaling a vast amount of source material, including Somali poetry and survivor accounts, Clan Cleansing in Somalia analyzes this campaign of clan cleansing against the historical background of a violent and divisive military dictatorship, in the contemporary context of regime collapse, and in relationship to the rampant militia warfare that followed in its wake. Clan Cleansing in Somalia also reflects on the relationship between history, truth, and postconflict reconstruction in Somalia. Documenting the organization and intent behind the campaign of clan cleansing, Lidwien Kapteijns traces the emergence of the hate narratives and code words that came to serve as rationales and triggers for the violence. However, it was not clans that killed, she insists, but people who killed in the name of clan. Kapteijns argues that the mutual forgiveness for which politicians often so lightly call is not a feasible proposition as long as the violent acts for which Somalis should forgive each other remain suppressed and undiscussed. Clan Cleansing in Somalia establishes that public acknowledgment of the ruinous turn to communal violence is indispensable to social and moral repair, and can provide a gateway for the critical memory work required from Somalis on all sides of this multifaceted conflict." --Provided by publisher.
Little Warrior
Tribe : on homecoming and belonging
Picture maker
House of chains
Stress and warfare among the Kayenta Anasazi of the thirteenth century A.D
Decades before the American Revolution, Benjamin Franklin lamented that English settlers were constantly fleeing over to the Indians -- but Indians almost never did the same. Tribal society has been exerting an almost gravitational pull on Westerners for hundreds of years, and the reason lies deep in our evolutionary past as a communal species. The most recent example of that attraction is combat veterans who come home to find themselves missing the incredibly intimate bonds of platoon life. The loss of closeness that comes at the end of deployment may help explain the high rates of post-traumatic stress disorder suffered by military veterans today. Combining history, psychology, and anthropology, TRIBE explores what we can learn from tribal societies about loyalty, belonging, and the eternal human quest for meaning. It explains the irony that -- for many veterans as well as civilians -- war feels better than peace, adversity can turn out to be a blessing, and disasters are sometimes remembered more fondly than weddings or tropical vacations. TRIBE explains why we are stronger when we come together, and how that can be achieved even in today's divided world
The Twa of Rwanda : assessment of the situation of the Twa and promotion of Twa rights in post-war Rwanda
The washing of the spears : a history of the rise of the Zulu nation under Shaka and its fall in the Zulu War of 1879
Half of a yellow sun
Select bibliography
The world's most dangerous place
The Pequot War
The Mongols
Empire of the summer moon : Quanah Parker and the rise and fall of the Comanches, the most powerful Indian tribe in American history
Clan cleansing in Somalia : the ruinous legacy of 1991
We wish to inform you that tomorrow we will be killed with our families : stories from Rwanda
The last of the mohicans
Empire of the summer moon : Quanah Parker and the rise and fall of the comanche tribe
Images and mutual perceptions of the Finns, the Estonians and the Russians in the 20th century
The blood of kings
The fate of Roman Britain is sealed when Caradoc, King of the Dumnonii tribe in Tintagel, meets Flavius Magnus Maximus, one of the most influential Roman officers in Britannia. Their unlikely friendship leads to an ambitious plan to unite the tribal leaders and, once crowned the first High King of the Britons, Maximus casts his eyes on the throne of the Western Roman Empire. Leading a force of brave warriors to Gaul, Maximus is victorious in battle. But it is not long after his return to Britain that hubris gnaws at him once again. Despite Caradoc's pleas to exercise caution, Maximus is determined to march on Rome itself. But who will pay the price for his bloodthirsty quest for power?
The timeline of native Americans : the ultimate guide to North America's indigenous peoples
A dancer in the dust
The graves are not yet full : race, tribe and power in the heart of Africa
God sleeps in Rwanda : a personal journey of transformation
The construction of the past in Sammatti : memories and interpretations of the Finnish Civil War
A decade has passed since the death of Caradoc, King of the Dumnonii tribe, and his friend, Flavius Magnus Maximus. Britain is battered by Pict invaders, and centurion Constantinus and his legionnaires are fighting them to the death. Maximus's daughter, Lady Severa, holds the key to the throne of the High King of the Britons and when she is threatened with abduction, Constantinus escorts her to the safety of Tintagel. Agreeing to marry her, he is crowned the High King, and Severa bears him two sons, Ambrosius and Uther. But, as the ruler of Britain, Constantinus is poisoned by greed and jealousy, and his thirst for greatness in the Roman Empire will cost him dear...
Warriors : life and death among the Somalis
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 19, The beliefs of man
Sitting Bull : his life and legacy
The world until yesterday : what can we learn from traditional societies?
Holy war : Finnish irredentist campaigns in the aftermath of the Civil War
The central argument is that ethnic conflict in Africa is a product of tyranny, tyranny as a tactic used to divide and rule and tyranny as a legacy. The countries examined - Liberia, Congo-Zaire, South Africa, Sudan, Uganda and Rwanda - all have at least a century-long history of racial or ethnically based tyranny. Belgian and British colonial rule, apartheid in South Africa, Arab domination in Sudan, and the oligarchy of the Americo-Liberians, descendants of freed American slaves - all were race-based tyrannies, and all relied upon institutionalized mechanisms of coercion and co-optation that were inherently divisive [Introduction].
The last quarter of the moon
The poisoned throne
News of the world : a novel
