http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5175 pituitary glands
pituitary glands
Endocrine and Neuropsychiatric Disorders
Effects of short-term starvation on hypothalamic-pituitary-testicular function in the rat
Receptor-stimulated phospholipase D activity in bovine adrenal chromaffin cells
Pituitary-adrenocortical function in abdominal obesity of males : evidence for decreased 21-hydroxylase activity
Regulation of thyrotropin and prolactin secretion by opioids in the rat
Secretory morphology of the intermediate lobe of the rat pituitary : an immunocytochemical, fluorescence histochemical and morphometric electron-microscopic study
Effect of monensin on secretory granules and basal [beta]-endorphin secretion in the melanotroph of the rat pituitary
Cutaneous neuroimmunomodulation : the proopiomelanocortin system
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 7, Endocrinology : vol. 4 : The pituitary gland and its neuroendocrine control, part 2
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Growth and pubertal maturation in children with shunted hydrocephalus
Effects of caffeine and thimerosal on the regulation of intracellular calcium concentration in GH[sub 4]C[sub 1] rat pituitary cells
Elucidation of AIP related pituitary tumorigenesis
A study of candidate genes in depression and disturbed sleep
Neurotrophins and their receptors in the rat pituitary gland : regulation of BDNF and trk B mRNA levels by adrenal hormones
Tietz textbook of clinical chemistry and molecular diagnostics
Outcome after transsphenoidal surgery for pituitary adenomas : the 2000-2010 Helsinki University Hospital cohort
Endocrine interaction between the developing testis and the pituitary gland in healthy and hypogonadal boys
Recent advances in prolactin research
Molecular and clinical characteristics of pituitary adenoma predisposition (PAP)
Distribution of neurofilament proteins and peripherin in the rat pituitary gland
Neuroendocrine immune basis of the rheumatic diseases
Physical activity, nutrition and stress response in young adults born preterm : determinants of health and disease : The Helsinki Study of Very Low Birth Weight Adults
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 7, Endocrinology : vol. 4 : The pituitary gland and its neuroendocrine control, part 1
Pituitary and adrenal response to critical illness
Brain corticosteroid receptors : studies on the mechanism, function, and neurotoxicity of corticosteroid action
Colocalization of dopamine and serotonin in the rat pituitary gland and in the nuclei innervating it
Endocrinology : basic and clinical principles
The role of AIP and CDKN1B/p27 [sup]Kip1 in endocrine neoplasia
Pituitary gland receives both central and peripheral neuropeptide Y innervation
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Summary.
Dose-dependent effects of chloroquine on secretory granule formation in the melanotroph
Release of false transmitter serotonin from the dopaminergic nerve terminals of the rat pituitary intermediate lobe
Clinical chemistry
Granulosa cell anti-Müllerian hormone secretion in ovarian development and disease
The role of AIP and CDKN1B/p27Kip1 in endocrine neoplasia
Recent Advances in Prolactin Research summarizes the current knowledge of prolactin (PRL), PRL receptor, PRL-dependent signaling pathways, the role of PRL in oncogenesis and PRL crosstalk with other oncogenic factors. The chapters are written by experts in these fields and focus on identifying and reviewing timely experimental findings that provide new insights into the expanding role of PRL in the pathophysiology associated with a variety of human conditions. Prolactin is a peptide hormone that is best known for its role in lactation. Prolactin also has an influence on hematopoiesis and angiogenesis, and is involved in the regulation of blood clotting through several pathways. Although PRL was discovered more than 80 years ago, the understanding of PRL signaling and its relationship to various pathologies is still very incomplete. PRL is not only a pituitary hormone with an important role in reproduction, but PRL also acts as a cytokine, modulating a wide variety of physiological processes. For example, data gathered during the last decade have demonstrated that locally produced PRL acts as the autocrine/paracrine factor and plays a contributory role during breast oncogenesis. In fact, the scientific and clinical communities have suggested that the manipulation of the PRL axis may lead to the successful treatment of breast cancer. However, recent work has demonstrated that the role of the PRL axis is much more complex than first envisaged.
Control of early patterning and differentiation in the developing anterior pituitary
Genetic basis of pituitary adenoma predisposition
VIP, PACAP, and related peptides : second international symposium
Dopaminergic periventriculo-hypophyseal nerves show tryptophan-hydroxylase immunoreactivity but lack serotonin synthesis
Maternal thyroid function during pregnancy : effects on pregnancy, peri- and neonatal outcome and on later maternal health
Postnatal hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis activation (i.e., minipuberty) in full-term and preterm infants : longitudinal assessment of hormone levels and target tissue effects
Evaluation of growth hormone secretion and therapy
