http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5189 Americans
Americans
American sniper : the autobiography of the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history
The pleasing hour
Americans aboard : a comparative study of emigrants from the United States
Paris was the place
The bluest eye
The American people : a history
The underground railroad : a novel
Black feminist thought : knowledge, consciousness, and the politics of empowerment
The misadventures of awkward black girl
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
The egyptologist : a novel
American images of Korea : Korea and Koreans as portrayed in books, magazines, television, news, media, and film
Perfect phrases in American sign language for beginners : 150 essential phrases for communicating with users of ASL
Red platoon : a true story of American valor
The quality of American life : perceptions, evaluations, and satisfactions
The Americans : a study in national character
Three complete books
Britain through American eyes
The birth of the nation : a portrait of the American people on the eve of independence
Grant Fuhr : the story of a hockey legend
Lies (and the lying liars who tell them) : a fair and balanced look at the right
1636 : the Saxon uprising
Tracing your Swedish ancestry
The theoretical foot
Habits of the heart : individualism and commitment in American life
The Dandelion ranch : [The Chosin few]
Mambo in Chinatown
These two classic works capture the tide of world events even as they unfold the compelling tale of a single American family drawn into the very center of the war's maelstrom. The multimillion-copy bestsellers that capture all the drama, romance, heroism, and tragedy of the Second World War -- and that constitute Wouk's crowning achievement -- are available for the first time in trade paperback.
Deep south : four seasons on back roads
The winds of war
You can't touch my hair and other things I still have to explain
Playing for pizza
Worst. Person. Ever
The enduring vision : a history of the American people
An unexpected guest : a novel
The Tangier diaries
Message, meaning, and lessons in hip hop : "lessons are blessings you should learn through"
I was a slave in Russia
The Joy Luck Club
The expats
The postmistress
Gather yourselves together
The American spirit in Europe : a survey of transatlantic influences
Individualism & commitment in American life : readings on the themes of Habits of the heart
Jazz research and the moments of change
This fabulous century. Prelude : 1870-1900
In childhood, bell hooks was taught that "talking back" meant speaking as an equal to an authority figure and daring to disagree and/or have an opinion. In this collection of personal and theoretical essays, hooks reflects on her signature issues of racism and feminism, politics and pedagogy. Among her discoveries is that moving from silence into speech is for the oppressed, the colonized, the exploited, and those who stand and struggle side by side, a gesture of defiance that heals, making new life and new growth possible.
Does ethnicity matter for European Americans? : interpreting ethnic identity in the post-civil rights era
What's the matter with Kansas? : how conservatives won the heart of America
One summer : America 1927
Music and revolution : cultural change in socialist Cuba
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
AUTODATA. 1984, US CARS
In 1959 Virginia, Sarah, a black student who is one of the first to attend a newly integrated school, forces Linda, a white integration opponent's daughter, to confront harsh truths when they work together on a school project.
Mission to Paris
Talking back : thinking feminist, thinking black
The American character
Their eyes were watching God : [a novel]
The land of summer
The portrait of a lady
The Japanese lover
MASH : a novel about three army doctors
The elephanta suite
Westerners through Chinese eyes
Marketing campaign for attracting US American travelers to Finland
Melville : his world and work
The night crew
The diamond as big as the Ritz and other stories
An American scholar in Finland
Lost in translation? : translating multicultural style in Maxine Hong Kingston's The woman warrior
Is everyone hanging out without me? (and other concerns)
Skeleton in my closet
Torn between the fantasies of her youth and the realities of a life marked by violence and abandonment, August reunites with a beloved old friend who challenges her to reconcile her past and come to terms with the difficulties that forced her to grow up too quickly.
The pigeon spy
Waiting for the evening news : stories of the deep south
Eight million gods
The wings of the dove
Roosevelt and the Holocaust : How FDR saved the Jews and brought hope to a nation
Sheltering : a novel
The sandalwood tree
The ambassadors
The last enchantments
The American sign language phrase book
Barefoot in Baghdad : a story of identity-my own and what it means to be a woman in chaos
The land across
"I have a dream" : a material package on African American history and culture with a focus on communicative competence
The royal treatment
Geniuses together : American writers in Paris in the 1920s
War and remembrance
Herman Wouk's sweeping epic of World War II, which begins with THE WINDS OF WAR and continues in WAR AND REMEMBRANCE, stands as the crowning achievement of one of America's most celebrated storytellers. Like no other books about the war, Wouk's spellbinding narrative captures the tide of global events - the drama, the romance, the heroism and the tragedy of World War II - as it immerses us in the lives of a single American family drawn into the very centre of the maelstrom.
We need to talk about Kevin
The woman in the fifth
The Forrests
STREET MACHINES : '49 AND ON CUSTOM CARS
The signs of language revisited : an anthology to honor Ursula Bellugi and Edward Klima
The American spirit in Europe
God lives in St. Petersburg and other stories
Screwed
Technoscience in contemporary film : beyond science fiction
Eyes on America : the United States as seen by her artists
American social character : modern interpretations from the '40s to the present
E pluribus unum : the assimilation paradigm revisited
Robert B. Parker's cheap shot
This fabulous century. Volume 1 : 1900-1910
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
Habits of the heart : Middle America observed
The newlyweds : a novel
Some cross-cultural observations of a third-generation Finnish-American
12 years a slave
We are not ourselves : a novel
In the garden of beasts : love and terror in Hitler's Berlin
American sign language demystified
Avenue of spies : a true story of terror, espionage, and one American family's heroic resistance in Nazi-occupied France
Twelve years a slave
War and remembrance : a novel
The ultimate super bowl book : a complete reference to the stats, stars, and stories behind football’s biggest game--and why the best team won
Yankee ships in China seas : adventures of pioneer Americans in the troubled Far East
Acclaimed author Attica Locke reintroduces us to environmental lawyer Jay Porter (her Black Water Rising protagonist), who takes one last case on the behalf of the community of Pleasantville in this new thriller--only to become embroiled in its shadowy politics, a disturbing education in how far those in power are willing to go to win.
Beneath the neon egg
Nam : the Vietnam War in the words of the men and women who fought there
The unwinding : thirty years of American decline
The Xenophobe's guide to the Americans
The Americans : Ways of Life and Thought
A hologram for the king : a novel
Glittering promises : a novel
Cavalier and Yankee : the Old South and American national character
Biography by Americans 1658-1936 : a subject bibliography
Lone survivor : the eyewitness account of Operation Redwing and the lost heroes of SEAL Team 10
Belonging : a culture of place
Robert Ludlum's the Janus Reprisal : a Covert-one novel
The real USA : your need-to-know guide for all things American
A dead hand : a crime in Calcutta
Picnic in Provence : a tale of love in France, with recipes
The porcelain thief : searching the Middle Kingdom for buried China
For whom the bell tolls
Making the call : living with your decisions
For Cora Kensington, the Grand Tour was to be the trip of a lifetime.  She discovered the family she never knew she had and may have even found the love she longs for in Will.
Dare to touch
Battle Ready : memoir of a SEAL warrior medic
The chocolate thief
Across the river and into the trees
Hope in a ballet shoe
A study to determine first aid knowledge & skills of Jyväskylä Jaguaarit youth American football team on common injuries : a quantitative study
Earthen vessels : American evangelicals and foreign missions, 1880-1980
Perceptions concerning successful development of Finnish players involved in the National Football League (NFL)
Veteran recall : Americans in France Remember the War
Land of love and drowning
Blessed or damned, but never wholly human : representation of disabled characters in an American popular film
The divine supermarket : travels in search of the soul of America
The man in the high castle
Thieves fall out
The Bohemian girl
Pretty face
CHILTON'S TRUCK AND VAN REPAIR MANUAL 1982-88 : U.S., CANADIAN AND IMPORT PICK-UPS, VANS, RVS AND 4-WHEEL DRIVERS THROUGH 1 TON MODELS
No sure victory  : measuring U.S. Army effectiveness and progress in the Vietnam War
Our black skin is the problem. Our skin is the target. We could be doing nothing, yet they will say we do everything : distancing and solidarity via metaphors and metonymy in a critical discourse analysis of #blacklivesmatter Twitter discourse
Tora! tora! tora! : Pearl Harbor
We had it so good
"In 2009, Clinton Romesha of Red Platoon and the rest of Black Knight Troop were preparing to shut down Command Outpost (COP) Keating, the most remote and inaccessible in a string of bases built by the United States military in Nuristan and Kunar in the hope of preventing Taliban insurgents from moving freely back and forth between Afghanistan and Pakistan. Three years after its construction, the army was finally ready to concede what the men on the ground had known immediately: it was simply too isolated and too dangerous to defend. On October 3, 2009, after years of constant smaller attacks, the Taliban finally decided to throw everything they had at Keating. The ensuing fourteen-hour battle -- and eventual victory -- cost eight Americans their lives. Red Platoon is a firsthand account of the Battle for COP Keating, told by Romesha, who spearheaded both the defense of the outpost and the counterattack that drove the Taliban back beyond the wire and received the Medal of Honor for his actions." --Publisher description.
Battlefields. Volume 2 : Dear Billy
Deep South : four seasons on back roads
Everything is illuminated : a novel
The partner track
The moment
Race music : black cultures from bebop to hip-hop
The woman who lost her soul
Another Brooklyn : a novel
Don't give up, don't give in : lessons from an extraordinary man
Empty mansions : the mysterious life of Huguette Clark and the spending of a great American fortune
The reaper : autobiography of one of the deadliest Special Ops snipers
America and Americans
The Routledge Companion to Asian American and Pacific Islander Literature offers a general introduction as well as a range of critical approaches to this important and expanding field. Divided into three sections, the volume iIntroduces "keywords" connecting the theories, themes and methodologies distinctive to Asian American Literature; addresses historical periods, geographies and literary identities; looks at different genre, form and interdisciplinarity. With 41 essays from scholars in the field this collection is a comprehensive guide to a significant area of literary study for students and teachers of Ethnic American, Asian diasporic and Pacific Islander Literature.
An endeavor by Harlem dancers to achieve equality : the recognition of the Harlem-based African-American jazz dance between 1921 and 1943
In search of a postcategorical utopia : James Baldwin and the politics of 'race' and sexuality
The lotus eaters
United States of America : the land and its people
Hidden figures : the American dream and the untold story of the Black women mathematicians who helped win the space race
Prophets of decline : the global histories of Brooks Adams, Oswald Spengler and Arnold Toynbee in the United States 1896-1961
Language, gesture and space
For Cora Kensington, the journey of a lifetime has taken unexpected turns. And her future - her very life - depends on the decisions she'll make at each crossroad. As the Grand Tour with her newfound family winds through France, Austria, and Italy, an unseen enemy trails close behind. And a forbidden love continues to put everyone's plans at risk. Cora must escape the bonds of the past and discover the faith to make the right choices...because each one has grave consequences.
Democracy in America
Cognitive and attributional strategies of American and Finnish young adults
Once and always
Teach your baby to sign : an illustrated guide to simple sign language for babies
Forging the American character. 2, Readings in United States history since 1877
The dog
The sun also rises
Long March diary : China epic
Forging the American character. 1, Readings in United States history to 1877
The American people : creating a nation and a society
The people of the eye : deaf ethnicity and ancestry
Army life in a Black Regiment
Cartwheel : a novel
Political and social growth of the American people. [2], 1865-1940
The Routledge companion to Asian American and Pacific Islander literature
A farewell to arms : the special edition
That part was true
Tokyo seven roses. Volume II
The Gilda stories
