http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p518 traffic signs
traffic signs
Driving school manual
Logos : making a strong mark : 150 strategies for logos that last
Tropic : traffic optimisation by the integration of information and control
Logistic regression in comparison of the passive safety of car models
Grassroots memorials : the politics of memorializing traumatic death
Driving school theory book
Suomen vanhimmat paikkakuntaleimat = The early postmarks of Finland = Die frühen Ortsstempel Finnlands
Kotler on marketing : how to create, win, and dominate markets
The private ship letter stamps of the world. Part 4, The letter- and parcel-stamps of the Finnish shipping companies
Traffic instruction for a driver
Saimaan järvialueen loistot = List of lights : The Saimaa Lake District
Nokia : the surprising success of textbook wisdom
Protection of trademarks in international trade : trademark registrations by three Finnish telecommunications companies under the Madrid protocol and the community trademark
The accident involvement and injury risk rates of car models
Suomen majakat = Finska fyrar = Finnish lighthouses
Symbol signs : the development of passenger/pedestrian oriented symbols for use in transportation-related facilities
The ultimate classic car book
Suomen rautatiepakettimerkit = The railway parcel stamps of Finland
Influence of transport infrastructure on nature
The stamp atlas
Isolated traffic signals : vehicle dynamics and fuzzy control
Handbook of warnings
A master plan for guide signs along the Via Baltica Route
Chinese character indexes. Vol. 5, Four corner system index
IT law in the European Union
The directory of signs & signals : a guide to signs, codes and signals from across the world
Suomen rannikon loistot 2007 = Fyrar vid Finlands kuster = Finnish list of lights
Symbol signs : the complete study of passenger/pedestrian oriented symbols developed by The American Institute of Graphic Arts for the U. S. Department of Transportation
Displaying death and animating life : human-animal relations in art, science, and everyday life
Traffic school for passenger car drivers
Internet and the law : legal fundamentals for the Internet user
Suomen rannikon loistot = Fyrar vid Finlands kuster = Finnish List of Lights : 2005.
RENGASMERKIT JA -EHIÖT 100 VUOTTA 1.5.1991 = The ring stamp and postal stationery centennial May 1, 1991.
Improving safety on Finnish railways by prevention of trespassing
Signs : lettering in the environment
Finnish review
The print casebooks : the best in environmental graphics : first annual edition
The illustrated directory of modern commercial aircraft
Chinese character indexes. Vol. 3, Radical index
Pictograms, icons & signs : a guide to information graphics
Chinese character indexes. Vol. 4, Total stroke count index
COST 331 : requirements for horizontal road marking : final report of the action
Internet law and regulation
Cities are the world's future. Today, more than half of the global population lives in urban areas, and that number is expected to double by 2050. There is no question that cities are growing; the only debate is over how they will grow. Will we invest in the physical and social infrastructure necessary for livable, equitable, and sustainable cities? In the latest edition of State of the World, the flagship publication of the Worldwatch Institute, experts from around the globe examine the core principles of sustainable urbanism and profile cities that are putting these principles into practice. From Portland, Oregon to Ahmedabad, India, local people are acting to improve their cities, even when national efforts are stalled. Issues examined range from the nitty-gritty of handling waste and developing public transportation to civic participation and navigating dysfunctional government. Throughout, readers discover the most pressing challenges facing communities and the most promising solutions currently being developed. The result is a snapshot of cities today and a vision for global urban sustainability tomorrow. -- Back cover.
Archigraphia : architectural and environmental graphics = architektur- und signalisierungsgraphik = la création graphique appliquée à l'architecture et à l'environnement
The night driving legibility effects of dirt on road signs
CEVNI : European code for inland waterways : revision 1
Brown's rule of the road manual
Wayshowing : a guide to environmental signage principles & practices
Chinese character indexes. Vol. 1, Telegraphic code index
Car safety, aggressivity and accident involvement rates by car model 1997
Effects of weather-controlled variable message signing on driver behaviour
Risk factors for drunk driving : results from a long-term study in Uusimaa in Finland 1990-2008
Left, right, up, down : : new directions in signage and wayfinding
The number of ways in which humans interact with animals is almost incalculable. From beloved household pets to the steak on our dinner tables, the fur in our closets to the Babar books on our shelves, taxidermy exhibits to local zoos, humans have complex, deep, and dependent relationships with the animals in our ecosystems. In Displaying Death and Animating Life, Jane C. Desmond puts those human-animal relationships under a multidisciplinary lens, focusing on the less obvious, and revealing the individualities and subjectivities of the real animals in our everyday lives.
Airline : identity, design and culture
Graphics in the third dimension = Graphic Design in der 3. Dimension
Chinese character indexes. Vol. 2, Romanization index
Top gear story
Accident involvement risk and injury risk rate by car model 2000
Via Baltica tourism information system development
Can a city be sustainable?
Traffic on the roadwork site : portable traffic signals
Cultural impact on international branding : a case of marketing Finnish mobile phones in China
Finnish fieldpost 1939-1945
Business the Nokia way : secrets of the world's fastest moving company
