http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5187 stage music
stage music
Gagaku : court music and dance
The songs of Charlie Chaplin
Today's showstoppers! : arranged for piano, voice and guitar
Theatre music. [1]
Glass box
The wild party : original cast recording
Songs of the American theater : a comprehensive listing of more than 12,000 songs, including selected titles from film and television productions
Venus & Adonis : A masque for the entertainment of the king
The premiere collection : the best of Andrew Lloyd Webber
Music for the tempest, overture to the Duenna, three cantatas
The Catherine Wheel : the complete score from the Broadway production of "The Catherine Wheel"
Here's a howdy do! : A Gilbert & Sullivan Festival
Ballroom : original Broadway cast
Shockheaded Peter ; a junk opera : adapted from H. Hoffman's classic Struwwelpeter /cThe Tiger Lillies ; music by Martyn Jacques
Vocal selections from the Snow Queen : a new musical for family audiences
A chorus line : original Broadway cast recording
Broadway : Sing with the choir. Volume 2
A chorus line : original cast recording
Actronic Hamlet
Acis and Galatea : 1st version - Cannons c. 1718
From Broadway to Hollywood : the musical and the cinema
The beggar's opera
The Beggar's Opera : New performing version by Richard Bonynge and Douglas Gamley
Lhamo : opera from the roof of the world
Highlights from the Getty Address
Highlights from Miss Saigon : original London cast recording
The company : the complete collection : vocal selections
Singles collection. Vol. 1, 1926-1937
Songscape stage and screen : 12 classic songs from the shows
Musical theatre : a history
The best from broadway : Songs from your favourite American musicals
The Unicorn, the Gorgon & the Manticore
Multiple masks : neoclassicism in Stravinsky's works on Greek subjects
Kurt Weill songs. volume 2: a centennial anthology
Lissauer's encyclopedia of popular music in America : 1888 to the present. Volume 3
Theatre music. [2]
THE ROSE
The knee plays
Music and wonder at the Medici court : the 1589 interludes for La pellegrina
The hunting of the snark : songs from Mike Batt's musical fantasy based on the Lewis Carroll poem : arranged for piano, vocal, guitar
Show boat
The Photographer
Produced by George Martin : 50 years in recording
The soldier's tale ; Dumbarton oaks
Lissauer's encyclopedia of popular music in America : 1888 to the present. Volume 1
The starlight express
Unsettling opera : staging Mozart, Verdi, Wagner and Zemlinsky
The politics of appropriation uncovers a largely forgotten chapter in music history by considering the intersection of music and Hellenism in nineteenth-century Germany. While the influence of Greece on the literature, art, architecture, and philosophy of this period has been much discussed, its significance for music has received considerably less attention. Beginning in 1841 with Felix Mendelssohn's wildly popular score for the groundbreaking Prussian court production of Sophocles' Antigone, author Jason Geary draws on research from the fields of musicology, history, classical studies, and theater studies, to explore the trend of combining music and Greek tragedy that also included productions of Euripides' Medea, Sophocles' Oedipus at Colonus, and Sophocles' celebrated Oedipus the King with music by Wilhelm Taubert, Mendelssohn, and Franz Lachner, respectively.
The Noël Coward songbook
Henry Purcell and the London stage
The theater music of Samuel Arnold : a thematic index
The most incredible thing
Musical design in Sophoclean theater
Acis & Galatea
Music in Shakespearean tragedy
Acis and Galatea : a masque in two acts
Venus & Adonis : A Masque for the entertainment of the King
Music from Cupid and death : A masque in five entries
Noises, Sounds & Sweet Airs
A midsummer night's dream : music to Shakespeare's play
Cats on a chandelier : the Andrew Lloyd Webber story
Twenty quarter inch Jacks
The witches of Venice : a story by Beni Montresor
Krzysztof Penderecki's music in the context of 20th-century theatre
The drowsy chaperone : a musical within a comedy : piano/vocal selections
The crown of India
Jussi Björling in concert
Angels hide their faces : Dawn Upshaw sings Bach and Purcell
The theater of musick = Musique pour les théâtres londoniens
Marie Christine : vocal selections
The Fairy Queen
Esther : First reconstructable version
Music and the art of the theatre
The Rodgers and Hammerstein story
The Fairy Queen : A new concert version
Orphans : brawlers, bawlers and bastards
Bombay dreams
The Manson family : an opera
Vocal selections from Hello, Dolly!
Lissauer's encyclopedia of popular music in America : 1888 to the present. Volume 2
The Eternal Road : highlights
The politics of appropriation : German Romantic music and the ancient Greek legacy
Dioclesian : Acts I-IV
Analysing musical multimedia
Carrie the musical
Welcome to the voice
American song : the complete musical theatre companion. Volume 1
Broadway favorites : accordion
In celebration
Peking opera : a short guide
Mozart on the stage
Evita : Excerpts from the London production
Scenes from Henry V
Composing for the Cinema : the theory and praxis of music in film
An introduction to the dramatic works of Giacomo Meyerbeer : operas, ballets, cantatas, plays
Side Show. Piano/vocal selections
13 : the musical : vocal selections
Speak low : Songs by Kurt Weill
Dioclesian Z. 267
The cave
Jean-Philippe Rameau : his life and work
The real little best fake book ever : over 1000 songs for keyboard, vocal, guitar, and all "c" instruments
Stravinsky Conducts Stravinsky : The Original Jacket Collection
The real little ultimate fake book with over 1200 songs : melody, lyrics, chords for all "C" instruments
Gänzl's book of the Broadway musical : 75 favorite shows, from H.M.S. Pinafore to Sunset Boulevard
Urine town : the musical. Piano/vocal selections
Mass : a theatre piece for singers, players and dancers
A Midsummer night's dream : Incidental music to Shakespeare's play
Seussical : the musical
Musicals : the complete illustrated story of the world ́s most popular live entertainment
Andrew Lloyd Webber : Sing with the choir. Volume 1
Original sound track recording Cabaret
London calling!
The man from the east
A New brain. Vocal selections
Noye's Fludde : The Chester miracle play
Christopher Columbus : a musical journey
Ghost brothers of Darkland County
Four walls
The English stage jig : musical comedies from the 16th and 17th centuries
The prodigal son : A parable for Church performance
Guys and dolls : The new Broadway cast recording
Acis and Galatea
Are you scared to get happy?
At the Boar's Head
Peer Gynt : piano concerto in a minor
Calypso the musical : selected songs
A chronology of music in the Florentine theater, 1751-1800 : operas, prologues, farces, intermezzos, concerts, and plays with incidental music
The stage, a book & the silver screen
A midsummer night's dream : op.21 and op.61
Mirror Man : Act 1: Jack & The General
Falling from grace
The Beggar's Opera : a ballad opera in three acts
Glyndebourne festival 50th anniversary album /1 : (antologia)
Into the woods
Oklahoma! : featuring members of the original New York production
Original soundtrack from the motion picture Flashdance
Silkkirumpu : konsertto laulajille, soittajille, liikkeille, kuville, sanoille op. 45 (1981-82, 1983) : concerto for singers, players, words, images, movements op. 45 (1981-82, 1983) = The damask drum
The frogs ; Evening Primrose
