http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5182 lexicography
lexicography
Ashgate critical essays on early English lexicographers. Vol. 4, The seventeenth century
The professor and the madman : a tale of murder, insanity, and the making of the Oxford English dictionary
Intralingual Phraseological Interference in the Aspect of Educational Lexicography
Selected Proceedings of the 2005 Symposium on New Approaches in English Historical Lexis (HEL-LEX)
A history of Roget's thesaurus : origins, development, and design
The rise of encyclopedicity in monolingual English dictionaries of the nineteenth century
Lexicographic description of English
The Oxford handbook of lexicography
Missionary linguistics IV = Lingüí́stica misionera IV : lexicography : selected papers from the fifth International Conference on Missionary Linguistics, Mérida, Yucatán, 14-17 March 2007
The bilingual LSP dictionary : principles and practice for legal language
EURALEX 1994 : proceedings : papers submitted to the 6th EURALEX International Congress on Lexicography in Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Analytical lexicon of Navajo
Lexicography at a crossroads : dictionaries and encyclopedias today, lexicographical tools tomorrow
Studies in lexicography
Euralex '96 proceedings. I-II : papers submitted to the seventh EURALEX International Congress on Lexicography in Göteborg, Sweden
Lexicography : principles and practice
Bilingual lexicography from a communicative perspective
Meaning and the bilingual dictionary : the case of English and Polish
Lexicographical notes
Manual of specialised lexicography : the preparation of specialised dictionaries
The intellectual foundations of the English Benedictine reform
Theory and method in lexicography : western and non-western perspectives
Encyclopedic learners' dictionaries : a study of their design features from the user perspective
Latvian bilingual lexicography - tradition and change
History of the cuneiform lexical tradition
Lexicography, together with grammatical studies and textual criticism, forms the basis of biblical exegesis. Recent decades have seen much progress in this field, yet increasing specialization also tends to have the paradoxical effect of turning exegesis into an independent discipline, while leaving lexicography to the experts. The present volume seeks to renew and intensify the exchange between the study of words and the study of texts.
Influencias léxicas de otras lenguas en el latín medieval = influences lexicales d'autres langues sur le latin médiéval = Lexical influences of other languages on medieval latin
Dictionary visions, research, and practice : selected papers from the 12th International Symposium on Lexicography, Copenhagen 2004
Ashgate critical essays on early English lexicographers. Vol. 3, The sixteenth century
ZüriLEX '86 proceedings : papers read at the EURALEX International Congress, University of Zürich, 9-14 September 1986
A history of New Testament lexicography
Signs of the time : selected papers from TISLR 8 [2004]
Studies on Semitic lexicography
As the reader will notice immediately after a quick look at the table of contents, the range of topics addressed in the individual contributions is very broad and the number of sign languages studied too - the crosslinguistic slant is recurrent in many of the chapters, a valuable feature in itself. Nevertheless, an attempt has been made to group the 17 chapters by thematic affinity into recognizable sections. Still, it should be made clear that these divisions are one of many possible ones and thus artificial: in most of the cases there are aspects of the paper that have a clear link to another thematic section. This is a natural outcome of the fact that linguistic research does not remain limited to isolated compartments, but usually looks into different subdomains in order to reach substantial results.
Problems in lexicography
Lexicography in the 21st century : in honour of Henning Bergenholtz
The Oxford guide to practical lexicography
Population tests in lexicography
This is the first comprehensive account of any West African sign language. Hausa sign language (HSL) is the language used by deaf people in the Hausa-speaking areas of northern Nigeria. This book introduces the reader to the deaf community in Kano State and presents a description and analysis of the phonology, morphology, and lexicon of HSL as used in this area. Documentation of sign languages such as HSL will help in testing and possibly modifying existing models of sign language structure.
Practical lexicography : a reader
A spectrum of lexicography : papers from AILA, Brussels 1984
Symposium on lexicography XI : proceedings of the Eleventh International Symposium on Lexicography, May 2-4, 2002 at the University of Copenhagen
Alexander Bessonov's Čeremissko-Russkij slovar' of the second half of the 19th century
Symposium on lexicography 5 : proceedings of the fifth International symposium on lexicography May 3-5, 1990 at the University of Copenhagen
Biblical lexicology : Hebrew and Greek : semantics - exegesis - translation
ISO Recommendation. R 919 : guide for the preparation of classified vocabularies (example of methods)
Hel-Lex 3 : New Approaches in English Historical Lexis : Tvärminne, March 7-10, 2012 : book of abstracts
The need for an alphabetically arranged general usage dictionary of Mandarin Chinese : a review article of some recent dictionaries and current lexicographical projects
Semantics and lexicography : selected studies (1976-1996)
Slovnica in slovar : aktualni jezikovni opis = Grammar and dictionary : current language description
International journal of lexicography : IJL
Translation and lexicography : papers read at the EURALEX Colloquium held at Innsbruck 2.-5. July 1987
Specialised dictionaries for learners
Galicia studies in language : historical semantics brought to the fore
Networks and knowledge in Roget's Thesaurus
Symposium on lexicography 4 : proceedings of the fourth International symposium on lexicography April 20-22, 1988 at the University of Copenhagen
Metalanguage and encoding scheme design for digital lexicography : innovative solutions for lexical entry design in slavic lexicography : MONDILEX third open workshop, Bratislava, Slovakia, 15-16 April, 2009 : proceedings
The making of Johnson's dictionary, 1746-1773
Lexical matters
Dictionaries : the art and craft of lexicography
Lexicography then and now : selected essays
Lexicography : an emerging international profession
Lexicography and terminology : a worldwide outlook
John Palsgrave as Renaissance linguist : a pioneer in vernacular language description
Symposium on lexicography 3 : proceedings of the third International symposium on lexicography May 14-16, 1986, at the University of Copenhagen
Words, terms and translators
Dictionary of lexicography
Selected Ur III texts from the Harward Semitic Museum. David Owen
Digging for the right word. A study of Finnish archaeology students as dictionary users
Corpus of Soqotri oral literature. Volume 1
Symposium on Lexicography 6.  6, Proceedings of the sixth International Symposium on Lexicography, May 7-9, 1992 at the University of Copenhagen
Scotland in definition : a history of Scottish dictionaries
Anglo-Saxon glosses and glossaries
Ashgate critical essays on early English lexicographers. Vol. 1, Old English
Lexicography and physicke : the record of sixteenth-century English medical terminology
Contributions to Bantu lexicography
Studies in historical Sanskrit lexicography
Lexicography in the borderland between knowledge and non-knowledge : general lexicographical theory with particular focus on learner's lexicography
Maganar hannu : language of the hands : a descriptive analysis of Hausa sign language
The John Frederick Lewis collection
Lexicography and corpus linguistics
Historical dictionaries and historical dictionary research : papers from the International Conference on Historical Lexicography and Lexicology, at the University of Leicester, 2002
The warden of English : the life of H.W. Fowler
"Most people think of the Oxford English Dictionary (OED) as a distinctly British product. Begun in England one hundred and fifty years ago, it took over sixty years to complete and when it was finally finished in 1928 the British Prime Minister heralded it as a 'national treasure.' This book shows that the dictionary is not as 'British' as we all thought. The linguist and lexicographer, Sarah Ogilvie, combines her insider knowledge and experience with impeccable research to show rather that the OED is an international product in both its content and its making. She examines the policies and practices of the various editors, applies qualitative and quantitative analysis, and finds new OED archival materials in the form of letters, reports and proofs. She demonstrates that the OED, in its use of readers from all over the world and its coverage of World English, was in fact a global text"--
The E. A. Hoffman collection : and other American collections : by D. Snell
Wörterbücher : ein internationales Handbuch zur Lexikographie = Dictionaries : an international encyclopedia of lexicography = Dictionnaires : encyclopédie internationale de lexicographie. Teilbd 2
Conceptual metonymy and lexicographic representation
Lessicografia e onomastica : atti delle Giornati internazionali di Studio, Università degli Studi Roma Tre, 16-17 febbraio 2006 = Lexicography and onomastics : proceedings from the International Study Days, University of Roma Tre, February 16th and 17th, 2006
Cognitive lexicography : a new approach to lexicograpgy making use of cognitive semantics
Specialised lexicography : print and digital, specialisrd dictionaries, databases
Some innovations in a new Swedish-Icelandic dictionary
Living words : language, lexicography, and the knowledge revolution
Theory and practice of specialised online dictionaires : lexicography versus terminography
Workbook on lexicography : a course for dictionary users with a glossary of English lexicographical terms
Pedagogical lexicography today : a critical bibliography on learners' dictionaries with special emphasis on language learners and dictionary users
The pinches manuscript
On the treatment of nomenclature in specialised dictionaries
eLexicography in the 21st century : new challenges, new applications : proceedings of eLex 2009, Louvain-la-Neuve 22-24 October 2009
The Elamite onomasticon
The volume ends with a chapter devoted to a topic in applied linguistics: lexicography. For several articles video-examples are provided on the accompanying CD-ROM. This is just a relatively small portion of all the papers presented at TISLR 8, but it gives a representative sample of the research carried out in the field of sign linguistics. A field with an open horizon ahead! It was the second time that TISLR was organized outside North America and it attracted a very significant number of participants from all over the globe (almost 380). The book offers a representative sample of all those selected papers and it includes two of the invited lectures. All the articles submitted for this volume went through a specific anonymous peer reviewing procedure and the result of that is the collection presented here. The whole allows us to get a fair impression of a field that keeps expanding and becoming more and more prominent within linguistic research in general.
The Latin of Roman lexicography
Systematic lexicography
Samuel Johnson & the journey into words
Multivariate methods in corpus-based lexicography : a study of synonymy in Finnish
The beginnings of Old English lexicography
Clavis Germanico-Lithuana : rankraštinis XVII amžiaus vokiečiu̧ kalbu̧ žodynas keturios dalus = Handschriftliches deutsch-litauisches Wörterbuch des 17. Jahrhunderts in vier Teilen = Manuscript German-Lithuanian dictionary of the 17th century of four parts
Lexicography today : an annotated bibliography of the theory of lexicography
Lexicography : (a course of three special lectures delivered at the Linguistics Department of the Annamalai University)
Essays on definition
English-Latvian lexicographic tradition : a critical analysis
Welsh dictionaries in the twentieth century : a critical analysis
Dictionaries : British and American
"Popular readings of Johnson as a dictionary-maker often see him as a writer who both laments and attempts to control the state of the language. Lynda Mugglestone looks at the range of Johnson's writings on, and the complexity of his thinking about, language and lexicography. She shows how these reveal him probing problems not just of meaning and use but what he considered the related issues of control, obedience, and justice, as well as the difficulties of power when exerted over the 'sea of words'. She examines his attitudes to language change, loan words, spelling, history, and authority, describing, too, the evolution of his ideas about the nature, purpose, and methods of lexicography, and shows how these reflect his own and others' thinking about politics, culture, and society. The book offers a careful reassessment of Johnson's prescriptive practice, examining in detail his commitment to evidence, and the uses to which this might be put."--Dust cover flap.
Words of the world : a global history of the Oxford English dictionary
The perfect learners' dictionary (?)
Ashgate critical essays on early English lexicographers. Vol. 5, The eighteenth century
Lexicographers and their works
Lexicographica : international annual for lexicography = revue internationale de lexicographie = internationales Jahrbuch für Lexikographie
Lexicography : an introduction
Teaching and researching lexicography
Chinese lexicography : a history from 1046 BC to AD 1911
Symposium on lexicography 2 : proceedings of the Second International Symposium on Lexicography May 16-17, 1984, at the University of Copenhagen
Legal translation and the dictionary
Unambiguous coding of the inflection of Polish nouns and its application in electronic dictonaries - format Polex = Jednoznaczne kodowanie fleksji rzeczownika polskiego i jego zastosowanie w słownikach elektronicznych - format Polex
Symposium on Lexicography. 7, Proceedings of the seventh Symposium on Lexicography, May 5-6, 1994 at the University of Copenhagen
Grammar in English learners' dictionaries
Symposium on Lexicography. 9, Proceedings of the ninth International Symposium on Lexicography, April 23-25, 1998 at the University of Copenhagen
Pedagogical specialised lexicography : The representation of meaning in English and Spanish business dictionaries
A history of the Chambers dictionary
The role of dictionary use in the comprehension of idiom variants
This collection of articles is a selection of some of the papers that were presented at the conference Theoretical Issues in Sign Language Research 8 (TISLR 8), which took place at the University of Barcelona between September 30th and October 2nd, 2004. TISLR is the most important international conference on sign language research and it constitutes a good overview of the current state of the field. First, because of the high standards held for the selection of papers, and second, because despite the linguistic focus, it incorporates work on sign in related fields such as neurolinguistics or psycholinguistics. The thematic blocks of the book deal with phonetics and phonology of sign, topics related to intonation, different aspects of morphology, syntax, semantics of sign languages, different aspects of sign language acquisition and two chapters are devoted to the analysis of what is commonly referred to as role shift.
Proceedings of The second international round table conference on historical lexicography, [May 10-12, 1977, at Leyden] = Actes de la Seconde table ronde internationale de lexicographie historique
List of English words of Persian origin
Terminology and lexicology in Middle-Europe
COMPLEX 2001 : 6th Conference on Computational Lexicography and Corpus Research : Computational lexicography and new EU languages
Contributions to Middle English lexicography and etymology
Lexical norm and national language : lexicography and language policy in South-Slavic languages after 1989
Dr Johnson's dictionary : the extraordinary story of the book that defined the world
Lexical functions in lexicography and natural language processing
Organization and development of digital lexical resources : MONDILEX second workshop Kyiv, Ukraine, 2-4 February, 2009
Chasing the sun : dictionary-makers and the dictionaries they made
Modern lexicography : an introduction
A lexicographical study of An Shigao's and his circle's Chinese translations of Buddhist texts
English summary.
Ashgate critical essays on early English lexicographers. Vol. 2, Middle English
EURALEX '92 proceedings. I-II : papers submitted to the 5th EURALEX International Congress on Lexicography in Tampere, Finland
Terminography vs. Lexicography Opposition Revisited
Linguistics and bilingual dictionaries
The history of lexicography : papers from the Dictionary Research Centre seminar at Exeter, March 1986
Jātarūpa's commentary on the Amarakoṣa : for the first time critically edited together with an introduction, appendices and indices
Lexicography and conceptual analysis
Wörterbücher : ein internationales Handbuch zur Lexikographie = Dictionaries : an international encyclopedia of lexicography = Dictionnaires : encyclopédie internationale de lexicographie. Teilbd 1
Wörterbücher : ein internationales Handbuch zur Lexikographie = Dictionaries : an international encyclopedia of lexicography = Dictionnaires : encyclopédie internationale de lexicographie. 3. Teilbd
Further insights into semantics and lexicography
Symposium on Lexicography. 8, Proceedings of the eighth Symposium on Lexicography, May 2-4, 1996 at the University of Copenhagen
Lexiographic tools and techniques : MONDILEX first open workshop Moscow, Russia, 3-4 October, 2008 : proceedings
