http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5186 ballet music
ballet music
Rudolf Nureyev's The nutcracker = Der Nussknacker = Casse-Noisette
Spartacus : suites from the ballets
Nutcracker : complete ballet score
Waltz Of The Flowers
It's easy to play ballet music
The Nutcracker : ballet in two acts
Swan lake : music from the ballet
The unicorn
The classic piano course. Best-known ballet themes
American masters 2
The Catherine Wheel : the complete score from the Broadway production of "The Catherine Wheel"
The Green album
The firebird - ballet
The Nutcracker
Little ballerina dancing book
Dornröschen : Ballett Suite = The Sleeping Beauty : ballet suite, op. 66a
Strawinsky in the theatre : a symposium
Pyörteitä : ballet for orchestra = Whirls
Swan lake : ballet in two acts
A look at ballet in 50 years!. Volume 1
The unicorn, the gorgon and the manticore or the three sundays of a poet : a madrigal fable for chorus, ten dancers and nine instruments
Sleeping Beauty : ballet in three acts
The Penguin Café Orchestra : documentary with Simon Jeffes
Petrouchka : burlesque in four scenes
The Unicorn, the Gorgon & the Manticore
Swan lake : Music from the ballet : arranged for piano
The sleeping beauty : ballet in three acts with a prologue : piano solo
Romeo and Juliet: Scenes from the ballet, Op. 64.
A look at ballet in 50 years!. Volume 2
Peter and the wolf op. 67 : a musical tale for children
The Nutcracker suite : op. 71a
Pulcinella : ballet in one act for small orchestra with three solo voices : after Giambattista Pergolesi
Spartacus : ballet in three acts
Suite from Pocahontas : ballet legend in one act
Movement to music : musicians in the dance studio
The most incredible thing
Musical theatre at the court of Louis XIV
The unicorn, the gorgon and the manticore or the three sundays of a poet
Giselle ou Les Wilis : ballet-pantomime in two atcs
Dødens triumf = Triumph of death
Le pas d'acier : opus 41 : ballet in two scenes
The witches of Venice : a story by Beni Montresor
The Sleeping beauty : suite from the ballet : op.66a = Dornröschen
The Golden goose : A choral ballet, H163 (op 45 no 1)
Cinderella : a ballet in three acts, based on the novel by Charles Perrault
First fun with ballet : for piano
Swan lake = Le lac des cygnes : fantastic ballet in four acts
The nutcracker : a ballet in 2 acts
The Nutcracker : ballet in two acts = Casse-noisette = Der Nussknacker = Lo Schiaccianoci
Theatre Works. Vol. I
The Nutcracker : a ballet in two acts, op. 71 : in a simple arrangement for piano
Famous ballet music
Suite : from the ballet The minotaur
My flame burns blue [2 CD]
Amahl and the night visitors : original cast of the 1951 NBC Television production : opera in one act
Nutcracker suite : in full score
Swan lake, Sleeping beauty / Tsaikovski, Romeo and Juliet
A look at ballet in 50 years!. Volume 3
Theatre Works. Vol. II
Villa Wunderbar : a selection : 12 solo works + 19 soundtrack pieces curated by Wim Wenders
El sombrero de tres picos : ballet = The three-cornered hat
Peter and the wolf
The sleeping beauty
L'oiseau de feu : for orchestra
Ballet music : an introduction
Suite from L'oiseau de feu : for orchestra
The World of ballet
The saint of Bleecker Street : opera in three acts
Swan lake = Le lac des cygnes : fantastic ballet in four acts = ballet fantastique en quatre actes ; told in words and music by = raconté par Ernest Roth : piano solo
Gayne ballet for piano
Rhythm is it! : you can change your life in a dance class
Orchestral works
The Bournonville school : the dance programme
The tale of a manor : dance drama
Swan lake : suite from the ballet : arranged for piano
Swan lake : a ballet in four acts, opus 20 : in a simple arrangement for piano
The ballet. Vol. 1, greatest hits
Classics for Kids : music for beginning ballet class
My first ballet collection
Highlights from swan lake lp 136
Romeo and Juliet, op.64 : ballet in four acts
Ronia, the robber's daughter : music to the ballet
Home organist library. Volume 11, Light classics
Salome : ballet in two acts
Jewels of the ballet
Tchaikovsky's the Nutcracker suite : six easy arrangements for piano solo
Music for the dance : reflections on a collaborative art
The Creatures of Prometheus op. 43 : the complete ballet music in full score
A look at ballet in 50 years!. Volume 4
Still life at the Penguin Café : and The Penguin Cafe Orchestra - a profile
Romeo and Juliet
Arthur Honegger and Darius Milhaud conduct their own music
Choreographic music : music for the dance
