http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5197 parts
parts
Root Growth Conditions in Greenwall : Test Method Development and Experiment Conduction
Always running : la vida loca, gang days in L.A
Listening for Lucca
As a detective lieutenant with the LAPD, Peter Decker witnessed enough ugliness and chaos for a lifetime. Now, he and his devoted wife Rina Lazarus are ready to enjoy the quiet beauty of upstate New York, where they can be closer to their four adult children and their foster son. But working for the Greenbury Police department isn't as fulfilling as Decker hoped. While Rina has adapted beautifully to their new surroundings, Decker is underwhelmed and frustrated by his new partner, Tyler McAdams, a former Harvard student and young buck with a bad 'tude. Just when he thinks he's made a mistake, Decker is called to his first real crime here--a possible break-in at the local cemetery. At first, it seems like a false alarm until it's discovered that a mausoleum's stunning Tiffany panels have been replaced by forgeries. Then, a coed at one of the exclusive local colleges is brutally murdered. Poking into the hallowed halls of academia to find a killer, Decker and McAdams are drawn deep into a web of dark secrets, cold case crimes, international intrigue, and ruthless people who kill for sport. Suddenly, the job is anything but boring. This case just might be too much to handle and Decker will have to draw on every ounce of experience that he has garnered in the past thirty years as a Homicide cop. And then again, even that might not be enough!
Hippocampal field potentials in animal models of Alzheimer's disease
A slant of light : a novel
Sycamore Row
Effective outsourcing throughout the supply chain in the automotive industry
Finnish Gothic subculture : Gothic subculture is: "(...) to enjoy the beauty of the moonlight instead of the beauty of the sun" (Mia)
Composition of web services on large service models
'Counterculture' emerged as a term in the late 1960s and has been re-deployed in more recent decades in relation to other forms of cultural and socio-political phenomena. This volume provides an essential new academic scrutiny of the concept of 'counterculture' and a critical examination of the period and its heritage. Recent developments in sociological theory complicate and problematize theories developed in the 1960s, with digital technology, for example, providing an impetus for new understandings of counterculture. Music played a significant part in the way that the counterculture authored space in relation to articulations of community by providing a shared sense of collective identity. Not least, the heady mixture of genres provided a socio-cultural-political backdrop for distinctive musical practices and innovations which, in relation to counterculture ideology, provided a rich experiential setting in which different groups defined their relationship both to the local and international dimensions of the movement, so providing a sense of locality, community and collective identity.
Patterns of panchayati raj in India
Natchez burning
Creative business from the point of view of Goth subculture
Strategies and recommendations for addressing forest health issues in the Blue Mountains of Oregon and Washington
Chassis design : principles and analysis : based on previously unpublished technical notes by Maurice Olley
Spare Parts Business Processes Product Commodity Management Process Book
Macromedia director mx and lingo : training from the source
The visual dictionary of ships and sailing
Lengthening the life cycle of automobiles as a business idea : Case studies Fangmbeng & Son’s Shipping ay
Saving CeeCee Honeycutt
Things come apart : a teardown manual for modern living
Corenso emphasies product developmet : creating a new generation of recyclable cores
Summary.
Clock without hands
Flight behavior : a novel
The size of major mammalian sensory organs as measured from cranial characters, and their relation to the biology and evolution of mammals
Inspirations
A novel optimization model for plant cell cultures ; "CELLOP"
Diverse family leave and day care policies create varying monetary incentives for mothers to stay at home with their children. They also affect attitudes of mothers and this should influence childcare decisions. In this study, attitudes of mothers towards cutting down on paid work for the sake of family as well as their behaviour regarding childcare at home were studied in 12 European countries. Of special interest were Denmark, Finland and Sweden, three Nordic countries with a long tradition of childcare policies supporting mothers' work participation. The data is based on the European Social Survey (ESS) Round 2, conducted in 2004 and 2005. The least familialistic attitudes were found in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. A coarse indicator for the effectiveness of childcare policy was devised and indicated that attitudes correlated with the policies in several countries. No correspondence was found between attitudes and average times spent with children at home. Regarding the Nordic countries (particularly Sweden and Finland), the contradictions observed were consistent with childcare policies that affect short- and long-term behaviour in opposite directions. In Finland, a familialistic attitude was relatively common among mothers whose youngest child was under 1-year-old.
A study of class consciousness among Georgian planters in the Antebellum period
Characteristics of ruffed grouse drumming sites in Western Washington and their application in management
Perigynium and achene epidermis in some species of Carex, subg. Vignea (Cyperaceae), studied by scanning electron microscopy
Reference world atlas
Computers : tools for an information age
Opportunities, constraints and constrained opportunities : a study on mothers' working time patterns in 22 European countries
The duke and his duchess ; the courtship : two novellas of the Windham family
Heifetz master class. 8.
IHS Jane's world railways. 2012-2013
She was just 17, a high school dropout named Milly Jones, found walking down the middle of the highway, engulfed in flames. Even in a tough Mississippi county like Tibbehah, it shatters the community, and it is up to Sheriff Quinn Colson, back on the job after a year away, and his deputy Lillie Virgil, to investigate what happened, and why. Before long, however, accusations start to fly; national media and federal authorities descend; and what seemed like a senseless act of violence begins to appear like something even more disturbing - with more victims waiting in the shadows.
The global and the local in Max Cavalera's music projects /.
Co-Co : design for modularity
The Best of Black Crowes for guitar
Swing to bop - hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
The deepest poison : a clockwork dagger story
The guilty
Defamilialisation Policies and Attitudes and Behaviour Among Mothers in Twelve European Countries. Do results for Denmark, Finland and Sweden differ from the others?
30 Minutes : ...To make the right decision
Somaclonal variation in transformed roots and protoplast-derived hairy root clones of Hyoscyamus muticus
Casals master class. 3, Saint-Saens - Concerto No. 1 Op. 33.
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 212, Application protocol : electrotechnical design and installation
A knight of the seven kingdoms
The innocents
Macromedia Director 8.5 Shockwave Studio for 3D : training from the source
The Fender stratocaster
Sycamore row : a novel
The remedy for love : a novel
21st century goth
Release properties of press roll cover materials
Casals master class. 15, Brahms - Sonata no. 2 in F major, opus 99, third and fourth movements
Skinheads : 1979-1984
Countries
Steaming into a Victorian future : a steampunk anthology
Engine failure analysis : internal combustion engine failure and their causes
The player's game : towards understanding player production among computer game culture
Tuning Accel/DFI 6.0 programmable fuel injection : understanding electronic engine management, fuel injector dynamics, using CalMap software, tuning tips for race, street, marine, and off-road, covers GM, Ford, Mopar, & Honda
The redeemers
Angus and Sadie
The lingo handbook
ANATOMY OF THE MOTOR CAR - REV.ED
Delta blues : Oak anthology of blues guitar
A faint cold fear
Needful things
Go set a watchman
Bright young things
Truth, justice, and the American way? : the popular geopolitics of American identity in contemporary superhero comics
Tiivistelmä: Aircraft maintenance company's spare part logistics into Russia.
Stephen Biesty's incredible everything
Machine design : an integrated approach
The bike deconstructed : a grand tour of the road bicycle
Sonny Terry's country blues harmonica : by Sonny Terry as told to Kent Cooper
Humoral immune response to carbamyl-epitopes in atherosclerosis
The theory of death
The university as an educational institution
Exporting of Used Automobile Parts from Finland to Nigeria
BB Wolf and the three LPs
The story of a new name
Phage display selection of antibody fragments targeted to VEGFR-3 dimerization domain
Spare Part Optimization for W32 Fuel Injection Equipment
Healing : a novel
Fractured
House of echoes : a novel
Countercultures and popular music
The dire Earth
Improving Spare Part Sales : Case: Andritz Oy
Improving the supply chain management for car spare parts
Bolboschoenus maritimus s.l. in the Netherlands : a study of pericarp anatomy based on the work of Irene Robertus-Koster
Salt water taffy, the seaside adventures of Jack and Benny. 4 : Caldera's revenge. Part 1
While working for the Greenbury Police Department in upstate New York, Peter Decker must draw from his years of experience as a homicide cop when a break-in at the local cemetery leads him into a world of art forgery and murder that is linked to cold case crimes, international intrigue and ruthless people who kill for sport.
The story of the lost child
SolidWorks 2010 parts bible
Abstract: The harvesting methods and the sorting procedure are described for plants from IBP tundra sites in Norway...
How we named our state
When crickets cry : a novel of the heart
Glass Deliveries in Spare Parts : Case Kalmar Parts
The methodology of net primary production investigations in Norwegian IBP tundra studies
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 227, Application protocol : plant spatial configuration
Salng name or official name? Suburb names as mirrors of urban identities in eastern Helsinki
Purity : a novel
Lingo and shockwawe sourcebook
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 218, Application protocol : ship structures
How to write a successful science thesis : the concise guide for students
Casals master class. 7, Boccherini - Concerto in B flat major, second and third movement
Patterns of dry matter partitioning and 14C-photosynthate allocation in 1.5-year-old Scots pine seedlings
Nonspecific binding in sandwich-type immunoassays utilizing nanoparticulate labels
Urban Tourism Development :  A Case Study of Accessible Tourism in Arabianranta
Allocation of added selenium in lettuce and its impact on roots
Macromedia director 8 & lingo : authorized
Robot mechanisms and mechanical devices illustrated
The first midnight spell : a Spellcaster novella
Parts : a study in ontology
The structure of objects
Democracy in America
Follows the continuing story of the friendship between fiery Lina and bookish Elena, now grown with children and successful in their chosen careers, and both again living in Naples, the city of their birth.
Pictorial encyclopedia of historic architectural plans, details and elements : with 1,880 line drawings of arches, domes, doorways, facades, gables, windows, etc
Electronic assembly fabrication : chips, circuit boards, packages and components
He is only in his early thirties, but now Quinn Colson is jobless--voted out of office as sheriff of Tibbehah County, Mississippi, thanks to the machinations of county kingpin Johnny Stagg. He has offers, in bigger and better places, but before he goes, he's got one more job to do--bring down Stagg's criminal operations for good. At least that's the plan. But in the middle of the long, hot summer, a trio of criminals stage a bold, wall-smashing break-in at the home of a local lumber mill owner, making off with a million dollars in cash from his safe, which is curious, because the mill owner is wealthy--but not that wealthy. None of this has anything to do with Colson, but during the investigation, two men are killed, one of them the new sheriff. His friend, acting sheriff Lillie Virgil, and a dangerous former flame, Anna Lee Stevens, both ask him to step in, and reluctantly he does, only to discover that that safe contained more than just money--it held secrets. Secrets that could either save Colson--or destroy him once and for all.
add-on concept for aiding the use of prams in snowy conditions
Creative tools
Maintenance company's spare part logistics into Russia
Symplastically transmitted signals regulate pattern formation during root development in Arabidopsis thaliana
Improving the request for quotation process : a research on price-related requests for quotations
Part-time work, part-time studies : the effects of working alongside studying at the Department of Languages in the University of Jyväskylä
