http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p519 traffic engineering
traffic engineering
Building an Access Network for Triple-Play Services
Abstracts of master's thesis in traffic and transportation engineering 1983-1987 = Tiivistelmät liikennetekniikan diplomitöistä
Performance evaluation of different TCP congestion control schemes in 4G system
Analysis and life cycle assessment of printed antennas for sustainable wireless systems
Structured software development with the IPIDDDT method : a lean method for small agile organizations
Abstracts of master's thesis in transportation engineering 1987-1990 = Tiivistelmät liikennetekniikan diplomitöistä 1987-1990
Identity shift : where identity meets technology in the networked-community age
Abstracts of master's thesis in transportation engineering 1990-1994 = Tiivistelmät liikennetekniikan diplomitöistä 1990-1994
High Definition Video Streaming Using H.264 Video Compression
Summaries of theses for the degree of diploma engineer 1972-1973 = Lyhennelmät lukuvuonna 1972-1973 tehdyistä liikennetekniikkaa käsittelevistä diplomitöistä
Handover analysis over mobile WiMAX technology : case study: network performance and parameters evaluation using OPNET simulator
Transportation engineering : theory, practice and modeling
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
Intelligent Linux-Based Access Point
Parallel learning between the classroom and the field using location-based communication techniques
Location-based services handbook : applications, technologies, and security
Update of Giga-Vamos : technology roadmap
Information society technologies for transport and mobility : achievements and ongoing projects from the fifth framework programme
Proceedings of the 11th Mini-EURO Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Transportation Systems and Science, and the 7th EURO-Working Group Meeting on Transportation : August 2-6, 1999 : Helsinki University of Technology, Espoo, Finland
APGM, Automated People and Goods Mover : feasibility study: case Tampere
Acceptance and Use of Information Technology among Nurses in Psychiatric Hospitals
An IP capable data link layer protocol for narrow band half-duplex packet data radio networks
Productization of Configuration Version builder
Vehicular networks : techniques, standards, and applications
Power control in optical CDMA
Communication in smart grids using LTE
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
System design for telecommunication gateways
Abstracts of theses in transportation engineering 1994-1998 = Tiivistelmät liikennetekniikan opinnäytetöistä 1994-1998
Interference management in LTE system and beyound [sic]
Comfortable : Comfort - advanced benefits for logical VTS equipment
Urban transport X : urban transport and the environment in the 21st century
Future wireless systems will require high data rate with low transmit and processing power consumption. A combination of multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) transmission with orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) is a promising approach for offering better performance in terms of the capacity and quality of service (QoS). The detector in the wireless receiver is one of the highest power consuming parts. In order to minimize the power consumption, it is desirable for the detector to be able to change the detection algorithm to suit the channel conditions.In this thesis work, we study the suitability of different MIMO detection algorithms for adaptive operation. The selective spanning with fast enumeration (SSFE), K-best list sphere detector (LSD), linear minimum mean square error (LMMSE), and successive interference cancellation (SIC) detectors are compared to each other in terms of communications performance in the 4 × 4 and 8 × 8 MIMO–OFDM systems. The impact of least squares (LS) and minimum mean square error (MMSE) channel estimation methods, mobile speed, and transmit precoding at the base station on detector algorithm selection is also considered. The SIC detector is shown to suffer from error propagation in poor channel conditions. The SSFE detector is unable to outperform the K-best LSD and is occasionally outperformed by the LMMSE detector. The LMMSE detector is able to outperform the K-best LSD on the low signal-to-noise (SNR) regime when the mobile speed is high and the spatial channel correlation is low or moderate; it is also found to be more robust against channel estimation errors. Because a realistic adaptive detector is expected to support only two detection algorithms, the K-best LSD and LMMSE are selected based on the performance results for application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) architecture design and further comparison.The chosen algorithms are evaluated by considering the performance and implementation results. The K-best LSD provides good performance under challenging channel conditions with the cost of high complexity and power consumption. The LMMSE detector is energy efficient but performs poorly in correlated channels. However, exceptions exist, and detailed results on when to use a simple detector and when to use a complex detector are provided.
Improving energy efficiency of ships through optimisation of ship operations : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140301)
Liikennetekniikan sanasto : suomi - ruotsi - englanti - saksa = Vocabulary of transportation engineering : Finnish - Swedish - English - German
Analysis of OFDMA resource allocation with limited feedback
Singleband UWB systems : analysis and measurements of coexistence with selected existing radio systems
Development, implementation and evaluation of an architecture for vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure networking
Open systems and standards for software product development
Information delivery in mobile peer-to-peer networks
Knoppix based firewall/router
Vehicular networks : from theory to practice
Web application performance testing
LTE-advanced : technology and performance analysis
Service packaging : key to successful production of complex ICT business services
Detection algorithms and architectures for wireless spatial multiplexing in MIMO-OFDM systems
Equalization of MIMO channels in LTE-Advanced
Wireless sensor networks controlled with PIC microcontrollers and Zigbee protocol
Surface-mountable LTCC-SiP module approach for reliable RF and millimetre-wave packaging
Concentrated signal extraction using consecutive mean excision algorithms
Creating a chat room using Unity Game Development Tool
Nexus analysis : discourse and the emerging internet
Television playout development towards flexible IT-based solutions
Methods for space-time parameter estimation in DS-CDMA arrays
Intelligent transport systems : intelligence at the service of transport networks
Context modeling and utilization in heterogeneous networks
Multiple input multiple output (MIMO) schemes in LTE and LTE-advanced
Managing mobility in an always-best-connected IP network
Software Defined Radio for Wireless Sensors & Cognitive Networks
Digital signal processing : system analysis and design
Study for Improvements in Bts Research and Development Processes
Machine-to-machine Communications : Architectures, Technology, Standards, and Applications
Performance enhancements of MBMS and VoIP services in WCDMA/HSPA networks
Summaries of theses for the degree of diploma engineer 1973-1974 = Lyhennelmät lukuvuonna 1973-1974 tehdyistä liikennetekniikkaa käsittelevistä diplomitöistä
Transportation and development innovative best practices 2008 : proceedings of the first international symposium, April 24-26, 2008, Beijing, China
RFID Systems and Applications in Positioning
Programmable MIMO detectors
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
A methodology for the adoptation of information systems in least developed countries (LDCs) : case study Ethiopia
Finland : media, Internet and telecommunications : complete profile
Big data : a revolution that will transform how we live, work, and think
Layer 3 Multiprotocol Label Switching Virtual Private Network
Computer networking : a top-down approach
Equalizing energy distribution in IPv6-enabled wireless sensor networks
In this research, the best measures will be looked into for improving energy efficiency such as optimization of ships' speed, optimal routes planned according to weather conditions, maintenance of hull & machine and etc. All these measures and precautions are considered with the depending of different types of ship, cargo and other effects. Ships' statistical data and detailed information about ship energy efficiency will be gathered from both shipping companies and partner universities. Various statistical methods, operations research and optimization techniques will be employed for the improving energy efficiency of ships. In conclusion, a DSS will be developed for real-time energy monitoring and making optimal decisions during ship operations intended to be used by the captain of the ship and onboard personnel and ship management operators onshore. Thus, the shipping industry will obtain medium to large long-term gains in terms of monetary and environmental benefits as well as strengthening the awareness of the situation for onboard personnel.
Evolution of 3G networks : the concept, architecture and realization of mobile networks beyond UMTS
Mobility management in wireless networks
Traffic and highway engineering
Wi-Fi Alliance Hotspot 2.0 Specification based network discovery, selection, authentication, deployment and functionality tests
Exploring adaptive implementation of on-chip networks
Aspects of capacity enhancement techniques in cellular networks
A software defined radio implementation using MATLAB
Proceedings of the ... Conference of Open Innovations Association FRUCT
Exploration and design of high performance variation tolerant on-chip interconnects
Detection algorithms and ASIC designs for MIMO-OFDM downlink receivers
The paradigms of e-Education : an analysis of the communication structures in the research on information and communication technology integration in education in the years 2000-2001
A study of TD-CDMA and WCDMA radio network enhancements
Virtuality and digital nomadism : an introduction to the LIVE Project (1997-2000)
Statistical analysis of vehicle time headways
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
The changing faces of virtual education
Modern analog filter analysis and design : a practical approach
Mobilizing the history of technology : how can we best engage with wider audiences?
Scheduling and admission control in opportunistic systems
Chip and signature interleaving in DS CDMA systems
BLUETOOTH LOW ENERGY  COMPARED TO ZIGBEE AND BLUETOOTH CLASSIC
Automation of a Quality Measurement System for Wireless @450 Broadband Network
Design and analysis of forward error control coding and signaling for guaranteeing QoS in wireless broadcast systems
Softswitch design and performance analysis
Information technology law
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
CWDP certified wireless design professional : official study guide
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
Resource management methods for Qos supported networks
Efficient channel modeling methods for mobile communication systems
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to update television playout system. An Estonian television and radio network operator Levira playout centre needed expansion in infrastructure to be able to accommodate larger channel count. Renewals of media asset management and automation systems were also required to handle requirements of the larger channel count and to automate processes. Television playout systems and solutions are going through big changes. These changes reflect partially new developments in the whole broadcasting industry and the way people use video, as well as changes and development in other areas of technology, especially in IT. These changes do not come without challenges with new workflows and ways of operating. These projects were to be done not only for current needs but also to be ready for the coming years. This was taken into consideration on system design and planning as well as on choosing the partners for the projects. As a result of this study, an up to date playout centre was designed with flexible IT based solutions that are easy to update and customize for varying needs of different television channels. Playout centre has room to grow and it is ready for requirements of future without need for major changes in the system.
The Internet of Things : key applications and protocols
The aim of this thesis is to devise novel co-primary spectrum sharing (CoPSS) methods for future fifth generation (5G) networks and beyond. The target is to improve data rates of small cell networks (SCNs) in which mobile network operators (MNOs) share their dedicated frequency spectrum (spectrum pooling) or a common spectrum (mutual renting). The performance of the proposed methods is assessed through extensive system-level simulations.MNOs typically acquire exclusive usage rights for certain frequency bands and have little incentive to share spectrums with other operators. However, due to higher cost and spectrum scarcity at lower frequencies it is expected that efficient use of the spectrum in 5G networks will rely more on spectrum sharing than exclusive licenses. This is especially true for new higher candidate frequencies (> 6 GHz) that do not have a pre-existing spectrum regulation framework.In the first part of the thesis, we tackle the challenge of providing higher data rates within limited spectral resources. Each SCN MNO has its own dedicated spectrum, and each MNO defines a percentage of how much its spectrum it is willing to share. The idea of the proposed CoPSS algorithms is that the spectrum is dynamically shared among MNOs based on their spectrum utilization, which is shared among MNOs in the network. This way interference can be avoided and spectrum utilization is maximized. Unused resources are shared equally between overloaded MNOs for a given time instant. Thus, only short-term fairness among overloaded SCNs can be guaranteed.In the second part, we consider a multi-operator small cell network where MNOs share a common pool of radio resources. The goal is to ensure the long term fairness of spectrum sharing without coordination among small cell base stations. We develop a decentralized control mechanism for base stations using the Gibbs sampling based learning tool, which allocates suitable amount of the spectrum for each base station while avoiding interference from SCNs and maximizing the total network throughput.In the studied scenarios, we show the importance of coordination among MNOs when the dedicated spectrum is shared. However, when MNOs share a common spectrum, a decentralized control mechanism can be used to allocate suitable amounts of spectrum for each base station. The proposed algorithms are shown to be effective for different network layouts, by achieving significant data rate enhancements with a low overhead.
Modeling and analysis of noise and interconnects for on-chip communication link design
On transmission system design for wireless broadcasting
Low power synchronization in wireless network
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Principles of digital communication systems and computer networks
HUTSIM : simulation tool for traffic signal control planning
Spectrum sensing techniques in cognitive radio : cyclostationary method
Simulation and analysis of vehicular ad-hoc networks in urban and rural areas
Digital video distribution in broadband, television, mobile and converged networks : trend, challenges and solutions
Mobile Phone Programming- Multi-Player Mobile Phone Game Based on Bluetooth
Equalization and channel estimation algorithms and implementations for cellular MIMO-OFDM downlink
Co-primary multi-operator resource sharing for small cell networks
