http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5198 Franks
Franks
Anne Frank : the Anne Frank House authorized graphic biography
Frank Marshall, United States chess champion : a biography with 220 games
Frank Kupka : Pioneer of abstract art
The Torchum never stops. Vol. 1: Zappa
COMPLETELY FRANK / THE LIFE OF FRANK SINATRA
This volume brings together twenty studies relating to the history of the Latin principalities established in Palestine and Syria from their foundation in the course of the First Crusade up to their defeat by Saladin at the battle of Hattin in 1187. Half of the essays deal with the first three decades of the Frankish settlement, focusing on the monarchy of the kingdom of Jerusalem under Godfrey of Bouillon, Baldwin I and Baldwin II, and on the origins and prosopography of the Frankish nobility. Beyond this are longer-ranging studies devoted to sacred and secular aspects of the landscape and population of Palestine, including the settlement of the city of Jerusalem, the military use of the relic of the True Cross, and wider strategic considerations concerning the defence of the Holy Land. The final section considers how the Franks perceived and interacted with the Muslim and native Christian inhabitants of Syria, Palestine and neighbouring lands, with a particular emphasis on the evidence of the great chronicle of William of Tyre.
The Franks in the Aegean, 1204-1500
The diary of a young girl : the definitive edition
Frankia-derived antibiotic demethyl (C-11) cezomycin, (DC-11C), and its mechanism of inhibition of Ca[sup 2+] transport in plant mitochondria
The Frankish world, 750-900
Congress of the animals
Frank Sinatra : my father
Frank sinatra's greatest hits lp 630
Strictly genteel : The recordings of Frank Zappa. Volume Two 1970-1971
Pictor laureatus : in honour of Frank Stella = Frank Stella zu ehren
Dead man's prayer : a gripping detective thriller with a killer twist
Revisiting one of the great puzzles of European political history, Jennifer Davis examines how the Frankish king Charlemagne and his men held together the vast new empire he had created during the first decades of his reign. Davis explores how Charlemagne overcame the two main problems of ruling an empire, namely how to delegate authority and how to manage diversity. Through a meticulous reconstruction based on primary sources, she demonstrates that, rather than imposing a pre-existing model of empire onto conquered regions, Charlemagne and his men learned from them, developing a practice of empire that allowed the emperor to rule on a European scale. As a result, Charlemagne's realm was more flexible and diverse than has long been believed. Telling the story of Charlemagne's rule using sources produced during the reign itself, Davis offers a new interpretation of Charlemagne's political practice, free from the distortions of later legend.
Charlemagne's practice of empire
A sacred kingdom : bishops and the rise of Frankish kingship, 300-850
Blessed relief : The recordings of Frank Zappa. Volume Three 1972-1973
Franks and Alamanni in the Merovingian period : an ethnographic perspective
The Torchum never stops. Vol. 3: Zappa
Letters to architects
The leper king and his heirs : Baldwin IV and the Crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem
An empire of memory : the legend of Charlemagne, the Franks, and Jerusalem before the first crusade
Frank Zappa : a rugged individualist on the frontier between them and us
Unjust seizure : conflict, interest, and authority in an early medieval society
Emperor of the west
How do text and melody relate in western liturgical chant? Is the music simply an abstract vehicle for the text, or does it articulate textual structure and meaning? These questions are addressed here through a case study of the second-mode tracts, lengthy and complex solo chants for Lent, which were created in the papal choir of Rome before the mid-eighth century. These partially formulaic chants function as exegesis, with non-syntactical text divisions and emphatic musical phrases promoting certain directions of inner meditation in both performers and listeners. Dr Hornby compares the four second-mode tracts representing the core repertory to related ninth-century Frankish chants, showing that their structural and aesthetic principles are neither Frankish nor a function of their notation in the earliest extant manuscripts, but are instead a well-remembered written reflection of a long oral tradition, stemming from Rome.
The music of Frank Bridge
Le témoignage de la culture matérielle : mélanges offerts au professeur Vera Evison = The evidence of material culture : studies in honour of professer Vera Evison
The medieval empire in Central Europe : dynastic continuity in the post-Carolingian Frankish realm, 900-1300
Frank Furness : the complete works
The age of Charlemagne
Medieval liturgical chant and patristic exegesis : words and music in the second-mode tracts
History, Frankish identity and the framing of Western ethnicity, 550-850
Frankland : the Franks and the world of the early middle ages : essays in honour of Dame Jinty Nelson
Let me be Frank with you : a Frank Bascombe book
Reinventing the story : inventions in the film adaptation The green mile by Frank Darabont
Frankish rural settlement in the Latin kingdom of Jerusalem
Creating Christian identities : crusaders and local communities in the Levant, 1907-1187
Legal practice and the written word in the early middle ages : Frankish formulae, c. 500-1000
Let me be Frank with you
The Crux of the Biscuit
FRANK STELLA : PAINTINGS 1958 TO 1965
Charles the Bald
Anglo-Saxons in a Frankish world, 690-900
A definitive tribute to Frank Zappa
Modern masters of etching: Sir Frank Short, R.A., P.R.E
Guitar world 1994:4
The battle of Vouille, 507 CE : where France began
The fifth-century invasions south of the Thames
Frank Brangwyn and his work
"This pioneering study explores early medieval Frankish identity as a window into the formation of a distinct Western conception of ethnicity. Focusing on the turbulent and varied history of Frankish identity in Merovingian and Carolingian historiography, it offers a new basis for comparing the history of collective and ethnic identity in the Christian West with other contexts, especially the Islamic and Byzantine worlds. The tremendous political success of the Frankish kingdoms provided the medieval West with fundamental political, religious and social structures, including a change from the Roman perspective on ethnicity as the quality of the 'Other' to the Carolingian perception that a variety of Christian peoples were chosen by God to reign over the former Roman provinces. Interpreting identity as an open ended process, Helmut Reimitz explores the role of Frankish identity in the multiple efforts through which societies tried to find order in the rapidly changing post-Roman world"--
The hero myth in science fiction : Frank Herbert's Dune saga
The Chrodegang rules : the rules for the common life of the secular clergy from the eighth and ninth centuries
Past convictions : the penance of Louis the Pious and the decline of the Carolingians
The Franks in Outremer : studies in the Latin principalities of Palestine and Syria, 1099-1187
The crusades and the Christian world of the East : rough tolerance
Lieutenant General Sir Frank Berryman is one of the most important, yet relatively unknown officers in the history of the Australian Army. Despite his reputedly caustic personality and noted conflicts with some senior officers, Berryman was crucial to Australia's success during the Second World War. But did the man known as 'Berry the Bastard' deserve his reputation? Bold, calculating and talented, Berryman was at the forefront of operations that led to the defeat of the Japanese, and his operational planning secured Australia's victories at Bardia, Tobruk and in New Guinea during the Pacific War. With access to rare private papers, Peter Dean charts Berryman's special relationships with senior US and Australian officers such as MacArthur, Chamberlin, Blamey, Lavarack and Morshead, and explains why the man poised to become the next Chief of General Staff would never fulfil his ambition.
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
Struggle for empire : kingship and conflict under Louis the German, 817-876
Cinematic dialogue, literary dialogue, and the art of adaptation : dialogue metamorphosis in the film adaptation of The green mile
The Franks
The Torchum never stops. Vol. 2: Zappa
The history of the Franks
The reform of the Frankish church : Chrodegang of Metz and the Regula canonicorum in the eighth century
The Hook : The recordings of Frank Zappa. Volume Four 1973-1974
Freak out.                - 2lp
The Frankish kingdoms under the Carolingians, 751-987
The kingdom of the Franks : North-West Europe before Charlemagne
The Architect of Victory : The Military Career of Lieutenant General Sir Frank Horton Berryman
Frank Sutcliffe : photographer of Whitby
The Franks in the Levant, 11th to 14th centuries
Franks, Muslims and Oriental Christians in the Latin Levant : studies in frontier acculturation
Shards
Popular Muslim reactions to the Franks in the Levant, 1097-1291
Alcuin, friend of Charlemagne : his world and his work
Frank Lake : the man and his work
Creating community with food and drink in Merovingian Gaul
Viking attacks on Paris : the Bella parisiacae urbis of Abbo of Saint-Germain-des-Prés
History and memory in the Carolingian world
Sound City
After Rome's fall : narrators and sources of early medieval history : essays presented to Walter Goffart
France and the Holy Land : Frankish culture at the end of the Crusades
Addressing Frank Kermode : essays in criticism and interpretation
Sinatra : an American classic
Frankish history : studies in the construction of power
The Christian west and its singers : the first thousand years
