http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5199 Germanic peoples
Germanic peoples
The fall of the Roman Empire : [a new history]
Who's who in mythology : classic guide to the ancient world
This book presents a historical study of the Roman Empire in Late Antiquity from the accession of the emperor Diocletian 284 to the death of the emperor Heraclius in 641.
The concept of the goddess
The longing for myth in Germany : religion and aesthetic culture from romanticism to Nietzsche
Marcus Aurelius' rain miracle and the Marcomannic wars
The Germanic invasions : the making of Europe, AD 400-600
Dictionary of Northern mythology
Grendel's mother : the saga of the Wyrd-Wife
Studies in social anthropology : essays in memory of E. E. Evans-Pritchard by his former Oxford colleagues
Digging for Hitler : the Nazi archaeologists search for an Aryan past
"Germanic" and "Slavic" as concepts of German and Polish national discourses
Edward James, an Anglo-Saxon who lives amongst Celts, here offers a sure-footed, clear and sympathetic guide to the complex world of barbarian Europe, where scholarly theories are fought over with almost as much passion as loot from the Empire." Bryan Ward-Perkins, Trinity College, Oxford "A lively and informative introduction to the problems of the collapse of the late Roman Empire and the creation of the medieval world." Hugh Elton, Trent University, Canada Barbarians' is the name the Romans gave to those who lived beyond the frontiers of the Roman Empire the peoples they considered uncivilised'. Most of the written sources concerning the barbarians come from the Romans too, and as such, need to be treated with caution. Only archaeology allows us to see beyond Roman prejudices and yet these records are often as difficult to interpret as historical ones. Expertly guiding the reader through such historiographical complexities, Edward James traces the history of the barbarians from the height of Roman power through to AD 600. His book is the first to look at all Europe's barbarians: the Picts and the Scots in the far north-west; the Franks, Goths and Slavic-speaking peoples; and relative newcomers such as the Huns and Alans from the Asiatic steppes. How did whole barbarian peoples migrate across Europe? What were their relations with the Romans? And why did they convert to Christianity? Drawing on the latest scholarly research, this book rejects easy generalisations to provide a clear, nuanced and comprehensive account of the barbarians and the tumultuous period they lived through.
Teutonic mythology. Vol. 1-4
Encyclopedia of Norse and Germanic folklore, mythology, and magic
The problem of ritual
Vendel period bracteates on Gotland : on the significance of Germanic art
The problem of Loki
The origins of the Europeans : classical observations in culture and personality
The Faber book of northern legends
The Northern world : the history and heritage of Northern Europe : AD 400-1100
From Proto-Indo-European to Proto-Germanic
Belief and religion in barbarian Europe c. 350-700
German myths and legends
A history of pagan Europe
The fall of Rome : and the end of civilization
Myth in Indo-European antiquity
Vicious barbarian invasions during the fifth century resulted in the cataclysmic end of the world's most powerful civilization, and a 'dark age' for its conquered peoples. Or did it? The dominant view of this period today is that the 'fall of Rome' was a largely peaceful transition to Germanic rule, and the start of a positive cultural transformation. Bryan Ward-Perkins encourages every reader to think again by reclaiming the drama and violence of the last days of the Roman world, and reminding us of the very real horrors of barbarian occupation. Attacking new sources with relish and making use of a range of contemporary archaeological evidence, he looks at both the wider explanations for the disintegration of the Roman world and also the consequences for the lives of everyday Romans, in a world of economic collapse, marauding barbarians, and the rise of a new religious orthodoxy. He also looks at how and why successive generations have understood this period differently, and why the story is still so significant today.
The North in the Old English Orosius : a geographical narrative in context
A history of the later Roman empire, AD 284-641 : the transformation of the ancient world
Struggle for empire : kingship and conflict under Louis the German, 817-876
Dark age naval power : a re-assessment of Frankish and Anglo-Saxon seafaring activity
The lost beliefs of northern Europe
Finns in the shadow of the "Aryans" : race theories and racism
Barbarian migrations and the Roman West, 376-568
Circum-Baltic mythology? : The strange case of the Theft of the Thunder-instrument (ATU 1148b)
Peregrinatio Gothica III : Fredrikstad, Norway, 1991
This engrossing and original book looks at the growth and eventual demise of Rome from the viewpoint of the peoples who fought against it. Here is the reality behind legends such as Spartacus the gladiator, and the stories of Shapur the conqueror, Viriathus the guerrilla leader and Mithridates the connoisseur of poisons. Some enemies of Rome were noble heroes, others were murdering villains, but each has a unique and fascinating story. Defying the might of Rome was a dangerous business, and few of the men and women described in these pages died in their beds. Some, like Vercingetorix and Jugurtha, were captured, exhibited in triumph and then, while their conquerors sat down to a festive dinner, killed in the dungeons below. Rather than face such an end, some of Rome's greatest adversaries, including Hannibal, Boudicca and Cleopatra, killed themselves.
Eagles at war
Manual of mythology : Greek and Roman, Norse and old German, Hindoo and Egyptian mythology
Germanic animal art of Salin's Style I in Finland
Gods of the ancient Northmen
The Pontic-Danubian realm in the period of the Great Migration
The barbarians speak : how the conquered peoples shaped Roman Europe
Language and history in the early Germanic world
Ancient European costume and fashion
The Northern World : The history and heritage of Northern Europe AD 400 - 1100
The Teutonic Order in Prussia and Livonia : the political and ecclesiastical structures 13th-16th century
Historia religionum : handbook for the history of religions. Vol. 1, Religions of the past
The fall of Rome and the end of civilization
I Germani e l'Italia = The early germanic peoples and Italy
The bear in Germanic legend
Foreign influences in Denmark's early iron age
Narrative transformations of heroic, autobiographical poetry in the medieval north
A key to old poems : the oral-formulaic approach to the interpretation of West-Germanic verse
Roman gold and the development of the early Germanic kingdoms : aspects of technical, socio-political, socio-economic, artistic and intellectual development, A. D. 1-550 : symposium in Stockholm 14-16 November 1997
The northern barbarians, 100 B.C.-A.D. 300
Presenting a range of evidence for these diverse styles, from Roman art to early medieval bracteate amulets, and from classical texts to Beowulf, the Edda and Icelandic sagas, Professor Speidel here details seventeen different Germanic warriors styles, including berserks, wolf-warriors, club-wielders, long-hairs, ghost warriors and horse-stabbers, and how they indicate an unbroken continuity of customs, beliefs and battle-field tactics. Ancient Germanic warriors played a decisive role in historical events from 200 BC, when Germanic culture first became identifiable, to AD 1000 when Christianity swept through the Nordic countries. Arising from beliefs and states of mind, a variety of warrior styles manifested themselves in differences of dress, weaponry and fighting technique.
The Germanic people : their origin, expansion and culture
Mythes et religions scandinaves
The enemies of Rome : from Hannibal to Attila the Hun
The early Germans
Warriors and weapons of early times in colour
A new atlas on the origins and early history of the Europeans
Encyclopedia of barbarian Europe : society in transformation
Conversion among the Germanic peoples
The living goddesses
Tools, weapons and ornaments : Germanic material culture in Pre-Carolingian Central Europe, 400-750
Ancient germanic warriors:  warrior styles from Trajanμs column to icelandic sagas
Regna and gentes : the relationship between late antique and early medieval peoples and kingdoms in the transformation of the Roman world
The Geats of Beowulf : a study in the geographical mythology of the Middle Ages
Barbarians against Rome : Rome's Celtic, Germanic, Spanish and Gallic enemies
A most dangerous book : Tacitus's Germania from the Roman Empire to the Third Reich
Ancient Germanic warriors : warrior styles from Trajan's column to Icelandic sagas
Etymological dictionary of Proto-Germanic
Germanic warrior AD 236-568
Sharing story : Medieval Norse-English literary relationships
Non-Indo-European root nouns in Germanic : evidence in support of the agricultural substrate hypothesis
Beyond Celts, Germans and Scythians : archaeology and identity in Iron Age Europe
