http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5207 peace research
peace research
Contemporary security analysis and Copenhagen peace research
Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI)
Religion and peacebuilding
The hard way to peace : a new strategy
The ethics of researching war : looking for Bosnia
Handbook on peace education
A doctoral thesis on the development of peace research in Scandinavia
Peacemaking in a troubled world
Peace research : the infant discipline?
Peace, defense and economic analysis : proceedings of a conference held in Stockholm jointly by the International Economic Association and the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute
International actors, including key states like the US and organizations such as the UN, EU, African Union, and World Bank, and a range of NGOs, have long been confronted with the question of how to achieve an emancipatory form of peace. As Oliver Richmond explains, there is a level to peacemaking that operates in the realm of dialogue, declarations, symbols and rituals. But after all this pomp and circumstance is where the reality of security, development, politics, economics, identity, and culture figure in; conflict, cooperation, and reconciliation are at their most vivid at the local scale. Thus local peace operations are crucial to maintaining order on the ground even in the most violent contexts. However, as Richmond argues, such local capacity to build peace from the inside is generally left unrecognized, and it has been largely ignored in the policy and scholarly literature on peacebuilding. In Peace and Political Order, Richmond looks at peace processes as they scale up from local to transnational efforts to consider how to build a lasting and productive peace. He takes a comparative and expansive look at peace efforts in conflict situations in countries around the world to consider what local voices might suggest about the inadequacy of peace processes engineered at the international level. As well, he explores how local workers act to modify or resist peace processes headed by international NGOs, and to what degree local actors have enjoyed success in the peace process (and how they have affected the international peace process).
Environmental security : a study of the rhetoric of risk
Towards a just world peace : perspectives from social movements
States in armed conflict 2004
Peace studies. 1
Bibliography on world conflict and peace
National and international conflicts, 1945-1995 : new empirical and theoretical approaches
Peace science : a bibliography
New discourses on a peace regime in Northeast Asia and Korea: contending views and new alternatives : November 22-23, 1996 Intercontinental Hotel Seoul, Korea
Cosmopolitan mediation? : conflict resolution and the Oslo accords
Women in war and peace : grassroots peacebuilding
A Developmental Approach to Peace-building : Institutionalization of Goals and Impacts : The United Nations Development Assistance in Kenya and Mozambique
The challenge of critical theories : peace research at the start of the new century
Critical factors in the Horn of Africa's raging conflicts
Future prospects of the youth : reports of the peace research material "Images of the world in the year 2000"
Peace Research in Finland, Helsinki, 7 May 1990
Postgraduate Seminar on Peace and Conflict Research : University of Tampere, Finland 28-29 November, 1986 : proceedings
A natural history of peace
Barefoot research and tribune of reason : an analysis of textual corpus of peace research in Scandinavia, 1959-1986
A prologue to peace research
Prospects for peacekeeping
Peacebuilding, memory and reconciliation : bridging top-down and bottom-up approaches
Peace and disarmament : academic studies. 1982
Sociology, war and disarmament : studies in peace research
Building peace in West Africa : Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea-Bissau
Building security in post-cold war Eurasia : the OSCE and U.S. foreign policy
Unesco yearbook on peace and conflict studies. 1980.
Peace : meanings, politics, strategies
On state, marginalization, and origins of rebellion : the formation of insurgencies in Southern Sudan
The pusuit of peace
Peace research, research paradigms & a time of radical change
A world at peace : common security in the twenty-first century
What causes war? : an introduction to theories of international conflict
"Realizing Peace combines three bodies of work that have not previously been integrated. First, it critically examines major episodes of U.S. government engagements in foreign conflicts since the beginning of the Cold War. This includes American engagements in struggles against adversaries, interventions among adversaries, and mediations between adversaries. Second, Realizing Peace also examines the efforts of non-governmental organizations and non-official individuals in advancing peace in foreign conflicts. Third, it traces and applies the developing fields of peace studies and conflict resolution, synthesized in the constructive conflict approach, to evaluate those American engagements. Using the constructive conflict approach, the book draws on its insights and research findings to make critical assessments of American engagements. Realizing Peace suggests alternative strategies that would be more effective and yield more beneficial results than did many of the strategies that had been pursued. A major set of episodes discussed in this book pertain to Americans' engagements in the Cold War, through its escalations and de-escalations, its final transformation, and subsequent American-Russian interactions. Multiple analyses also relate to conflicts with Panama, Al Qaeda, Iraq, North Korea, and Iran. In addition, interventions in Yugoslavia, Haiti, and elsewhere are examined. Finally, several mediation efforts in the Israeli-Arab/Palestinian conflicts are critically discussed. The analyses incorporate consideration of the American political circumstances and the evolving global context"--
Non-use of force : a strategy for peace in the nuclear age
Peace and war
C. Wright Mills and the ending of violence
Unesco yearbook on peace and conflict studies. 1982.
There are alternatives! : four roads to peace and security
Proceedings of the forty-eighth Pugwash Conference on Science and World Affairs, Jurica, Mexico, 29 September-4 October 1998 : the long roads to peace
Mediation and liberal peacebuilding : peace from the ashes of war?
Essays in peace studies
World directory of peace research and training institutions 1991 = Répertoire mondial des institutions de recherche et de formation sur la paix = Repertorio mundial de instituciones de investigación y de formación sobre la paz
SIPRI yearbook. 1997 : Armaments, disarmament and international security
Democratic peace : a political biography
SIPRI yearbook 1998 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Can peace research make peace? : lessons in academic diplomacy
From war to peace
Restructuring for world peace : on the threshold of the twenty-first century
Peace : a very short introduction
Quality peace : peacebuilding, victory, and world order
World encyclopedia of peace. Vol. 3, Treaties ; Chronology of the Peace Movement ; Nobel Peace Prize Laureates
This Discussion Paper explores the debates, theoretical perspectives and current trends in gender, conflict and post-conflict reconstruction, and security sector reform (SSR) in Africa. It provides a broad overview of and critical insights into the gender-conflict-security nexus, capturing the trends in the discourses, identifying the gaps in the literature and prioritising issues and areas for future research. This Discussion Paper is essential reading for all those with a deep interest in gender, peace, development and security in Africa, particularly gender scholars, students, activists and practitioners.
The promise of world order : essays in normative international relations
Gender and security in Africa : an Overview
Studies in the problems of peace
Since the end of the Cold War, conflict prevention and resolution, peacekeeping andpeacebuilding have risen to the top of the international agenda. The fourth edition of this hugely popular text explains the key concepts, charts the development of the field, evaluates successes and failures, and assesses the main current challenges and debates in the second decade of the twenty-first century. In response to ongoing changes in the dynamics of global conflict, including the events and consequences of the Arab revolutions, the rise of the self-styled 'Islamic State', the conflict in Ukraine, and the continued evolution of conflict resolution theory and practice, this edition provides a fresh assessment of the contemporary conflict landscape. Comprehensively updated and illustrated with new case studies, the book identifies a new pattern of 'transnational conflicts' and argues for a response based on cosmopolitan conflict resolution, defined as the promotion of the cosmopolitan values on which the welfare and life hopes of future generations depend. Part I offers a comprehensive survey of the theory and practice of conflict resolution. Part II sets the field within the context of rapid global change and addresses the controversies that have surrounded conflict resolution as it has entered the mainstream. Contemporary Conflict Resolution is essential reading for students of peace and security studies, conflict management and international politics, as well as for those working in non-governmental organizations and think-tanks.
Cultural and structural violence in education : reflections based on Johan Galtung's theories of violence
Unesco yearbook on peace and conflict studies. 1983.
Proceedings of the International Peace Research Association Inaugural Conference
Economic development, peace, and international law
Contemporary conflict resolution : the prevention, management and transformation of deadly conflicts
International peace observation : a history and forecast
Crescent and dove : peace and conflict resolution in Islam
Peace and cooperation : white paper on Korean unification
Peace research i Finland : domestic spirits in imported bottles - or vice versa?
Peace in international relations
Peace research in Finnish and Soviet scientific literature
Educating for peace : a feminist perspective
Studies of war and peace
Toward a world of peace : people create alternatives : proceedings of the first international conference on conflict resolution and peace studies in the United Nations year of peace, 1986
Resuscitating a discipline : agenda for critical peace research
Peace research : achievements and challenges
Conflicts in Finnish-Soviet relations three comparative case studies
Waging peace : the Swiss experience
Challenges and responses in European security
Peace and communication in the light of the flow studies
The Gaia peace atlas : survival into third millennium
Journal of conflict resolution
Peace research in Scandinavia, 1959-1986
A just peace through transformation : cultural, economic, and political foundations for change : proceedings of the International Peace Research Association eleventh General Conference
This book is about the process and, more generally, about the opportunities that peace research and the teaching of conflict resolution can offer academic diplomacy. As such the book is both an empirical and a theoretical project. While it aims at being the most comprehensive analysis of the conflict in West Kalimantan, it also launches a new theoretical approach, neo-pragmatism, and offers lessons for the prevention of conflicts elsewhere. While being based on the classical pragmatist theories of truth and explanation, the approach developed in this book incorporates the complications to social science theory caused by the 'discovery' of socially constructed realities, and concepts such as speech acts. Yet, instead of just theorizing speech acts and social constructs, the theoretical mission is to offer pragmatic, detailed, concrete prescriptions of what to do to deconstruct realities that threaten peace by the means available for research and scholars of peace.
The coming of age of peace research : studies in the development of a discipline
SIPRI yearbook 2000 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Peace studies. 2
The making of peace : rulers, states, and the aftermath of war
World encyclopedia of peace. Vol. 4, [Peace institutes and organizations ; Bibliography ; Journals ; Indexes]
Discourses on violence : conflict analysis reconsidered
SIPRI yearbook 1999 : armaments, disarmament and international security
Essays on leadership
Conflict resolution and ontological security : peace anxieties
Theories of peace and security : a reader in contemporary strategic thought
UNESCO studies on peace and conflict
Peace and conflict issues after the Cold War
Essays in peace research. Vol. 1, Peace: research, education, action
Conflict management training : advancing best practices
Reconciliation from an educational perspective: The Namibian case
Journal of peace research
New agendas for peace research : conflict and security reexamined
Summary (s. 37-41).
Recent advances in peace and conflict research : a critical survey
U.N. peace-keeping in the Israel-Arab conflict, 1948-1975 : an Israel critique
At a time when much attention is focused on the Horn of Africa as one of Africa's most war-ravaged regions and a continued source of security concern regionally and globally, this Discussion Paper provides deep insights into the complex dimensions of and linkages between the violent conflicts in the region. Delving into history and the core and contextual factors underpinning these wars in the postcolonial era, the author provides a conceptual framework for grappling with the complex inter- and intra-state conflicts by focusing on the institutional and structural causes of war. He goes on to make a compelling argument that conflict for institutional and democratic state transformation in the Horn of Africa is a fundamental step towards long-term peace and sustainable development.
A theory of peace : building direct structural cultural peace
War and anti-war : survival at the dawn of the 21st century
Essays in peace research. Vol. 4, Peace and world structure
Oral lichen planus – etiopathogenesis and management
Conflict prevention and conflict management in Northeast Asia
Conflict transformation and social change in Uganda : remembering after violence
When the state falls : studies on intervention in the Sierra Leone civil war
Peace and conflict studies
Challenges for the democratisation process in Tanzania : moving towards consolidation 50 years after independence?
Understanding peace research : methods and challenges
Science and education for peace : meeting of young peace researchers April 1986, Vienna
Development trends in peace research
A reader in peace studies
SIPRI yearbook 1990 : world armaments and disarmament
The first fifty years of peace research : a survey and interpretation
Ethics and international relations
Paths to peace : exploring the feasibility of sustainable peace
Betty A. Reardon : key texts in gender and peace
Explores the evolution of peace in practice and in theory, exploring our modern assumptions about peace and the various different interpretations of its applications.
Peace research in Finland : trends, institutions, publications
Essays in peace research. Vol. 6, Transarmament and the Cold War : peace research and the peace movement
World directory of peace research and training institutions 1999
Bibliography on peace research in history
Problems of war and peace : a critical analysis of bourgeois theories
Creativity and conflict resolution : alternative pathways to peace
National desecuritizations : perspectives on security, nationalism and national minorities
A question of values : Johan Galtung's peace research
Coercive prevention : normative, political, and policy dilemmas
Unesco yearbook on peace and conflict studies. 1981.
Declarations on principles : a quest for universal peace
Peace courier : publikation of the World peace council
Peace studies. 3
Peace and disarmament : academic studies. 1980
Essays in peace research. Vol. 5, Peace problems : some case studies
The evolution of biological disarmament
Peace research as research : is there an identity? : notes on the methodological characteristics of peace research in Scandinavia
Building sustainable peace
Preventing violent conflict : a study : executive summary and recommendations
Complexity thinking for peacebuilding : practice and evaluation
The strategy of world order. 1, Toward a theory of war prevention
Peace studies. 4
The puzzle of peace : the evolution of peace in the international system
The contribution of Britain and Europe to peace and security : a speech to the Paasikivi Society, 14th September 1982
Pushing the boundaries: new frontiers in conflict resolution and collaboration
Peace formation and political order in conflict affected societies
World encyclopedia of peace. Vol. 2, [Articles N-Z]
Inauguration of the UNESCO International School of Science for Peace : first forum of the international scientific panel on: "possible consequences of the misuse of biological sciences", Villa Olmo, Como, Italy 3-6 December 1997
Peace by repatriation : concepts, cases, and conditions
