http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5204 stage artists
stage artists
Moving performances : divas, iconicity, and remembering the modern stage
The Decroux Sourcebook is the first point of reference for any student of the 'hidden master' of twentieth century theatre. This book collates a wealth of key material on Etienne Decroux, including: an English translation of Patrice Pezin's 'Imaginary Interview', in which Decroux discusses mime's place in the theatre, previously unpublished articles by Decroux from France's Bibiotheque Nationale, essays from Decroux's fellow innovators Eugenio Barba and Edward Gordon Craig, explaining the synthesis of theory and practice in his work. Etienne Decroux's pioneering work in physical theatre is here richly illustrated not only by a library of source material, but also with a gallery of images following his life, work and influences.
Staging age : the performance of age in theatre, dance, and film
The thousand and one lives of Ute Lemper : a trilingual portrait : a film by Valerie Esposito = Erfolgreich gegen den Strom = Les milles et une vies d'Ute Lemper
Unpublished letters to Nina Berberova = Neizdannye pis'ma k N. N. Berberovoj
Arts and culture, go mobile! : Mobile.Home final project report
Singing and the actor
Bernstein meets Broadway : collaborative art in a time of war
International dictionary of opera
Syncretic arenas : essays on postcolonial African drama and theatre for Esiaba Irobi
Performance and community : commentary and case studies
Burlesque and the art of the teese ; fetish and the art of the teese
Becoming-singer : cartographies of singing, music-making and opera
Nureyev : his life
Koreana : Korean cultural heritage. Volume 3, Performing arts
The happy stripper : pleasures and politics of the new burlesque
Künstlerbürgertum : the social spheres of Berliner actors in the years 1815-1848
The Marlene Dietrich album : live at the Café de Paris, London
"In comes I" : performance, memory and landscape
This collection in part examines the legacy of the consummate Nigerian stage artist and scholar, Esiaba Irobi (1960–2010). Poems, tributes, and studies celebrate Irobi’s significance as actor, playwright, director, poet, and theatre theorist. Irobi’s life, temper, times, and career are inextricably linked to the history, development, concerns, and uses of drama and theatre in Africa. The contributions highlight the evolution of autochthonous theatrical practices: the interaction between Western and indigenous African performance traditions; colonial/postcolonial government policies and the mutations of drama and theatre (and critical commentary); the tensions inherent in postcolonial conceptions of history, identity, nationhood, and articulations of alternative aesthetics, pedagogies, and epistemologies for postcolonial African theatre; staging African plays in the West; and the constituencies of the contemporary African playwright and director. The strength of these studies derives primarily from nuanced examinations of the concerns and careers of particular African playwrights; the history, offerings, and fortunes of particular theatrical arenas, and close explorations of specific performances and texts. The foregrounding of correspondences in the dramaturgies and intellectual ferment of the continent critically accentuates equally privileged regional, historical, and other crucial specificities. Situated in time and place while underscoring the political and intellectual intersections of a shared history of colonialism, the contributions to 'Syncretic arenas', individually and collectively, reveal the transformations and growing strengths of postcolonialism as an analytical strategy.
A life in the theatre
International dictionary of theatre. 3, Actors, directors and designers
Auto/biography and identity : women, theatre and performance
Fabulous yet fierce, imperious yet impetuous, boss yet bitchy—divas are figures of paradox. Their place in culture is equally contradictory, as they are simultaneously venerated and marginalized, hailed as timeless but then frequently forgotten or exhumed as cult icons by future generations. Focusing on four early twentieth-century divas - Aida Overton Walker, Loie Fuller, Libby Holman, and Josephine Baker - who were icons in their own time, Moving Performances considers what their past and current reception reveals about changing ideas of race and gender. Jeanne Scheper examines how iconicity can actually work to the diva's detriment, reducing her to a fetish object, a grotesque, or a figure of nostalgia. Yet she also locates more productive modes of reception that reach to revive the diva's moving performances, imbuing her with an affective afterlife. As it offers innovative theorizations of performance, reception, and affect, Moving Performances also introduces readers to four remarkable women who worked as both cultural producers and critics, deftly subverting the tropes of exoticism, orientalism, and primitivism commonly used to dismiss women of color. Rejecting iconic depictions of these divas as frozen in a past moment, Scheper vividly demonstrates how their performances continue to inspire ongoing movements.
International dictionary of opera. Volume 1 : A - K
"When Leonard Bernstein first arrived in New York City, he was an unknown artist working with other brilliant twentysomethings, notably Jerome Robbins, Betty Comden, and Adolph Green. By the end of the 1940s, these artists were world famous. Their collaborations defied artistic boundaries and subtly pushed a progressive political agenda, altering the landscape of musical theater, ballet, and nightclub comedy. In Bernstein Meets Broadway: Collaborative Art in a Time of War, award-winning author and scholar Carol J. Oja examines the early days of Bernstein's career during World War II, centering around the debut in 1944 of the Broadway musical On the Town and the ballet Fancy Free."--book jacket.
How I escaped my certain fate : the life and deaths of a stand-up comedian
The Cambridge companion to the actress
Stand-up comedy : the book
Kids perform circus arts
Chaplin and company
Illustrated encyclopedia of world theatre : with an index on play titles : based on Friedrichs Theaterlexikon
Meyerhold the director
The aesthetics of quietude : Ōta Shōgo and the theatre of divestiture
Upstaged : making theatre in the media age
Who is a scenic artist? : starting points in the study on scenic artists
Script analysis for actors, directors, and designers
Encyclopedia of acting techniques : illustrated instruction, examples and advice for improving acting techniques and stage presence - from tragedy to comedy, epic to farce
The Art of singing
The stage designs of Inigo Jones : the European context
Knowledge is a matter of doing : proceedings of the symposium Theatre and Dance Artist doing Research in Practice : Helsinki, October 13-15, 1994
Performance practice in community settings is an established part of the cultural landscape. However, this practice is frequently viewed as functional: an intervention that seeks to solve, educate or heal. Performance and Community presents an alternative vision, focussing, instead, on the aesthetic and political ambitions of artists, organisations and cultural producers committed to this area. Through case studies, this edited collection gives unprecedented access to some of the leading organisations in the field, examining their creative processes and placing them in their historical context. In parallel, a series of interviews with individual artists explores their approaches and how they are re-shaped by the communities that they encounter. Case studies include: the Grassmarket Project, the Lawnmowers Independent Theatre Company, London Bubble, Magic Me and the partnership between the artist, Mark Storor and producer, Anna Ledgard; while interviews in this collection include: Mojisola Adebayo, Bobby Baker, Sue Emmas, Tony Fegan, Paul Heritage, Rosemary Lee and Lois Weaver. An invaluable resource for students of applied, social, community and contemporary theatre practices, Performance and Community provides vivid evidence of the complex negotiations between artist and community that lie at the heart of this delicate work.
The Routledge companion to theatre and performance
The Metropolitan Opera cookbook
Cast of one : one-person shows from the Chautauqua platform to the Broadway stage
Bette : an intimate biography of Bette Midler
Ladislav Fialka and pantomime
Staging scenes from the operas of Mozart : a guide for teachers and singers
The interaction between artists' professional training and employment in the field of Finnish theatre
A nomadic life : adventures of a theatre artist
Singing in musical theatre : the training of singers and actors
Opera coaching : professional techniques and considerations
Theatrical improvisation : short form, long form and sketch based improv
Korean cultural heritage. Vol. 3, Performing arts
The Decroux sourcebook
