http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5208 international politics
international politics
Spheres of influence in international relations : history, theory and politics
Russia 2030 based on contracts
The limits of foreign policy : the west, the league and the far eastern crisis of 1931-1933
Finland in the United Nations : consistent and credible constructivism
World affairs : problems and prospects
International politics : foundations of international relations
International politics : introductory readings
Ukraine in tomorrow's Europe
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
Theory and reality in world politics
Indigenous film as a tool for developing and maintaining indigenous culture and identity : how do indigenous films and indigenous film festivals as non-governmental organisations develop and maintain indigenous culture and identity?
Russia's approach to arms control, peace mediation and national dialogues
International control of sea resources
World politics
The dilemma of our times : an historical essay
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Mathematical models in international relations
Watching a dragon's egg hatch : the making of a sinocentric world?
Religion, prestige and windows of opportunity? : (Qatari peace making and foreign policy engagement)
This Discussion Paper explores Nigeria's human development aid to Africa, Caribbean and Pacific countries under its international volunteer programme called the Technical Aid Corps (TAC). It critically examines the relationship between participation in international civic service and civic nationalism. Using a combination of empirical and analytical methods, the author is able to provide insights into the impact of two decades of Nigeria's aid diplomacy within the context of South-South solidarity and into the inculcation of values linked to globally oriented citizenship in TAC volunteers. The findings of this study are of value to those interested in emerging African development cooperation in the global South and the expanding notions of citizenship beyond borders. Scholars, development actors and policymakers will find this study refreshingly different and highly informative.
The effect of Russia’s accession to the WTO on Russian trade
The new nations in international law and diplomacy
International harmonization of economic regulation
The world affairs companion : the essential one-volume guide to global issues
We Are All Georgians : The Neoconservative Narrative on the Russia-Georgia War
An introduction to world politics
Past and present can help build better future for the states sharing water resources : Israeli-Arab water conflict
The Soviet Union in world politics
International organization
Niche diplomacy : middle powers after the cold war
The United Nations child policy : international games of morality and power
International security
Hard choices : the EU's options in a Changing Middle East
International relations
Towards the Geopolitics of Flows : implications for Finland
Arctic Environmental Cooperation. Study in Governmentality
Teachers' professional development : Europe in international comparison : an analysis of teachers' professional development based on the OECD's Teaching and Learning International Survey (TALIS)
Independent Slovenia : origins, movements, prospects
Earth Summit +5 : special session of the General Assembly to review and appraise the implementation of Agenda 21, New York, 23-27 June 1997
Black swans : what will chance the world next?
When trust breaks down : alliance norms and world politics
All or nothing : avoiding inefficient compromise in international cooperation
The International System : one or many? : summary of a Nordic conference, 13-14 November, 1980.
International history of the twentieth century and beyond
Global democracy and exclusion
World hunger : 12 myths
Forever a pilot? : assessing the policy dialogue and project-based cooperation in energy efficiency between the EU and Russia
World at risk
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
Key actors in the EU's eastern neighbourhood : competing perspectives on geostrategic tensions
International politics since World War II : a short history
Foreign policy behavior : the interstate behavior analysis model
Retribution
International relations : a handbook of current theory
The Great regression? : financial crisis in an age of global interdependence
Raising the stakes : the need for a more ambitious American policy towards Iran
Coming of age : German foreign policy since 1945
The man who knew : the life and times of Alan Greenspan
World politics in an age of revolution
Internal war and international systems : perspectives on method
World politics : trend and transformation : instructor's manual to accompany
The Federal Republic of Germany and the German Democratic Republic in international relations : second series. Vol. 1, From cooperation to unification
European trade policy : disintegrating region
The field of nations : an account of some new approaches to international relations
The new Silk Road, a glimpse to China's regime?
Junk feminism and nuclear wannabes : collaging parodies of Iran and North Korea
Law and minimum world public order : the legal regulation of international coercion
Good deeds & gunboats : two centuries of American-Chinese encounters
The international yearbook of foreign policy analysis. Vol. 1.
Constructing national security : U.S. relations with India and China
Pioneers of a European Diplomatic System : EU Delegations in Moscow and Washington
Well-being in socio-political context : European welfare regimes in comparison
Initial findings from the IEA International civic and citizenship education study
World politics debated : a reader in contemporary issues
At issue : politics in the world arena
Ethics and international politics
Minos or minotaur? : the dilemma of political power
Indigenous responses to neocolonialist policies : “stop the political games!”
Dilemmas of world politics : international issues in a changing world
In search of theory : a new paradigm for global politics
Proceedings of the International Conference "Supporting the forest sector reform in Russia and in the Southeast European countries by assessing the experiences of the new EU member states" : Pushkino 21-22nd March 2007
Governing indigeneity globally : indigenous peoples in the United Nations
Addressing state fragility in Africa : a need to challenge the established ‘wisdom’?
International journal
The first real world war and the emerging nuclear holocaust
International business finance
The Chomsky reader
The reason of states : a study in international political theory
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
The global water crisis : a reference handbook
The Federal Republic of Germany and the German Democratic Republic in international relations : second series. Vol. 2, From cooperation to unification (cont.)
Ideology of a superpower : contemporary Soviet doctrine on international relations
Power politics : a study of international society
Sectarian identities or geopolitics? : the regional Shia-Sunni divide in the Middle East
Regionality and the modernist script : tuning into the unexpected in international politics
Politics and the international system : an introduction
Security dialogue
The politics of world politics
Transformations in trade politics : West African civil society participation in economic partnership negotiations with the European Union
Principles of international politics
As one of the major actors on the scene of international politics, Russia also impacts the various efforts of arms control, conflict settlement and mediation. This pertains to issues such as the Syrian conflict, nuclear proliferation in the case of Iran or various conflicts part of the post-Soviet space. Success or failure in these efforts has considerable significance for the conduct of international relations, including Russia's own standing on the international scene. In particular, the approach adopted has impacted the chances of capitalizing on regionalization as an asset potentially bolstering Russia's weight and influence. In addition to outlining the Russian approach to arms control, conflict settlement and mediation more generally, the various contributions included in the book set out to probe the policies pursued in the case of specific conflicts such as those unfolding in the Southern Caucasus as well as Moldova. In this context the only resolved post-Soviet conflict consists of that pertaining to Tajikistan whereas all other may be described as 'frozen conflicts'. Particular attention is devoted to the case of Nagorno-Karabakh and the various efforts to address and settle that conflict. Out of the various 'rozen' conflicts part of the post-Soviet space, it stands perhaps out as the 'hottest' one, although competes for attention and need of analysis with other conflictual issues in the region.
Summary in Russian.
International politics : anarchy and order in the world society
Arctic strategies and policies : inventory and comparative study
Cognitive dynamics and international politics
Reform and resistance in the international order
This book is about the process and, more generally, about the opportunities that peace research and the teaching of conflict resolution can offer academic diplomacy. As such the book is both an empirical and a theoretical project. While it aims at being the most comprehensive analysis of the conflict in West Kalimantan, it also launches a new theoretical approach, neo-pragmatism, and offers lessons for the prevention of conflicts elsewhere. While being based on the classical pragmatist theories of truth and explanation, the approach developed in this book incorporates the complications to social science theory caused by the 'discovery' of socially constructed realities, and concepts such as speech acts. Yet, instead of just theorizing speech acts and social constructs, the theoretical mission is to offer pragmatic, detailed, concrete prescriptions of what to do to deconstruct realities that threaten peace by the means available for research and scholars of peace.
The world today
Manifestation of what foreign policy : EU actorness in the context of Operation Atalanta
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
European Union and the developing nation's external debt: EU-15's debt policy, 1960-2008
Getting along with Gulliver : a review of Finnish-German relations
Arms and influence
The world of politics : a concise introduction
Britain, Germany and the future of the European Union
Enacting equity in education : towards a comparison of equitable practices in different European local contexts
Sovereignty in the cyber domain
Social movements in global politics
Continuity and change in world politics : the clash of perspectives
The new concert of nations : a background book
It's been a hard day's night : Why making international environmental policy is so difficult. A case study of the UNFCCC Copenhagen summit
The Barents Region in the state interests and international politics
The military-technical revolution : its impact on strategy and foreign policy
Finland in the changing Europe : major speeches
”Hope is the last thing to die in life” : mapping out the needs and hopes of dump pickers in Maputo as a part of a process of empowerment
The intermediaries : third parties in international crises
The dynamics of international politics
Case Wärtsilä : flerspråkighet i arbetssituationer = monikielisyys työtilanteissa = multilingualism in work situations
Towards a global strategy of development : report by the Secretary-General of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development to the 2nd session of the Conference
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
The limits of foreign policy : the West, the League and the Far Eastern crisis of 1931-1933
Towards professionalism in international theory : macrosystem analysis
Russia-China relations : current state, alternative futures, and implications for the West
Towards a new climate regime? : the key players gearing up for Copenhagen
Current events happening around the world, especially the 'humanitarian interventions' by NATO and the West within the context of the so-called Arab Spring, make the understanding of the role of spheres of influence in international politics absolutely critical. Hast explores the practical implications and applications of this theory, challenging the concept by using historical examples such as suzerainty and colonialism, as well as the emergence of a hierarchical international order. This study further connects the English School tradition, post-war international order, the Cold War and images of Russia with the concept of the sphere of influence to initiate debate and provide a fresh outlook on a concept which has little recent attention.
The dialectic of understanding progress in arctic governance
World politics : an introduction
Foreign policy analysis : continuity and change in its second generation
A note on the European Union's integrated maritime policy
Dangerously exposed : the life and death of the resilient subject
Helsinki review of global governance : making sense of power
Can peace research make peace? : lessons in academic diplomacy
International economics : a European focus
International politics of climate change : key issues and critical actors
World politics : the menu for choice
New governance in context : evaluating the EU biofuels regime
Humanizing security? : the EU's responsibility to protect in the Libyan crisis
Abstract: Transnationalisation, group interests  and Finland's negotiations with European Union.
Revolution and international politics
Monistic and pluralistic interpretations in the study of international politics : a methodological examination
Security studies : an introduction
Add - on 13/14 Jahrbuch/yearbook oiip : global shifts and Europe
State of the Arctic strategies and policies : a summary
Foundations of international politics
Contending theories of international relations : a comprehensive survey
World politics : trend and transformation
Strategy papers on the Arctic or high north : a comparative study and analysis
Study of the flying geese theory from a political point of view : a Japanese propaganda argument in the post world war II era
Discord and harmony : readings in international politics
International relations : global and Australian perspectives on an evolving discipline
Simulated worlds : a computer model of national decision-making
Representation of a changing self : an EU performance in the Middle East
Great Britain, British Jews and the international protection of Romanian Jews, 1900-1914 : a study of Jewish diplomacy and minority rights
Politics among nations : the struggle for power and peace
Norden - making a difference? : possibilities for enhanced Nordic cooperation in international affairs : the Norden 2020 project report
Europe and the world : the external relations of the Common Market
The functional theory of politics
Theory and world politics
Power, capabilities, interdependence: problems in the study of international influence
Readings in world politics
The role of the European Union at the United Nations Human Rights Council
Globally oriented citizenship and international voluntary service
Arctic Europe : bringing together the EU arctic policy and Nordic cooperation
The indeterminacy of the human of biopower : competing problematics of human security / Suvi Alt.
Perspectives on the Taiwan issue
The state of war : essays on the theory and practice of international politics
Executive summary (s. 5-7).
Confrontation and intervention in the modern world
The beginning of the Cold War as a phenomenon of realpolitik : U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes in the field of power politics 1945 - 1947
International law under pressure : continued relevance in times of hardship
From cold war to common currency : a personal perspective on Finland and the EU
Cod fishery of the European Union and Russia at the Baltic Sea : a game-theoretic analysis
Why the EU fails : Learning from past experiences to succeed better next time
In or out? : international community membership: beliefs, behaviour, contextuality and principles
The might of nations : world politics in our time
