http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5209 international relations
international relations foreign relations
Spheres of influence in international relations : history, theory and politics
The truth about Viet Nam-China relations over the last 30 years
Finland in the United Nations : consistent and credible constructivism
Russia 2030 based on contracts
Franklin and Winston : an intimate portrait of an epic friendship
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
Greed and control : the history and content of the international anti-mercenary norm
"Twelve years have passed since the establishment of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC), an event that marked an important milestone in China-Africa relations. The forum is a platform to promote mutually beneficial South-South cooperation between China and Africa, based on mutual respect and non-interference in the internal affairs of African countries. In its ten year existence, FOCAC has achieved in deepening China-Africa relations in the economic field. Trade, investment, infrastructure and capacity building have been comprehensively promoted. But as FOCAC prepares to enter the second decade, a number of steps must be taken by Chinese and African partners to improve the current institutional arrangement by expanding space for private sector and civil society participation in decision-making and by increasing the frequency of follow-up processes to ensure effective implementation of agreed upon targets." --Publisher's description.
Performing the emancipation of indigeneity from the corporeal politics, through the indigenous agencies
Games nations play : analyzing international politics
A power for peace and development : the White Papers of the Chinese government from a public diplomacy point of view
Problems of stability and progress in international relations
Indigenous film as a tool for developing and maintaining indigenous culture and identity : how do indigenous films and indigenous film festivals as non-governmental organisations develop and maintain indigenous culture and identity?
Neighbourhood policy and the construction of the European external borders
Russia's approach to arms control, peace mediation and national dialogues
Russo-Polish relations : an historical survey
The dragon's embrace : the Chinese Communists and Africa
African American views of the Japanese : solidary or sedition?
International relations in Southeast Asia : between bilateralism and multilateralism
Japan and the United States : challenges and opportunities
The illusion of peace : international relations in Europe, 1918-1933
Watching a dragon's egg hatch : the making of a sinocentric world?
Managing suspicions : understanding India's relations with Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal, Sri Lanka
Tension and detente: congressional perspectives on Soviet-American relations : report of a study mission to the Soviet Union
British documents on foreign affairs : reports and papers from the Foreign Office confidential print. Pt 2, From the First to the Second World War. Series A, The Soviet Union, 1917-1939
Religion, prestige and windows of opportunity? : (Qatari peace making and foreign policy engagement)
Transnational governance : institutional dynamics of regulation
Contributed articles presented at the International Seminar on Indo-Russian Relations, on 23-25 Nov., 2000 at New Delhi.
The United States and Mexico
China looks at the world
China's rise and the two Koreas : politics, economics, security
Victory without peace : American foreign relations in the twentieth century
Indo-US relations into the 21st century
The end of the postwar era : a new balance of world power
David Mitrany’s Functionalist Theory: a tool in examining how cross border cooperation can improve the international relations between the EU and its external border regions
Past and present can help build better future for the states sharing water resources : Israeli-Arab water conflict
Arms control and proliferation challenges to the reset policy
Active ageing : controlling the (ageing) bodies
The United Nations child policy : international games of morality and power
Essays in politics and international relations
Political change in Myanmar : filtering the murky waters of "disciplined democracy"
From enmity to alliance : U. S. - Australian relations, 1931-1941
Hard choices : the EU's options in a Changing Middle East
Eighteenth-century Sweden was deeply involved in the process of globalisation: ships leaving Sweden's central ports exported bar iron that would drive the Industrial Revolution, whilst arriving ships would bring not only exotic goods and commodities to Swedish consumers, but also new ideas and cultural practices with them. At the same time, Sweden was an agricultural country to a large extent governed by self-subsistence, and - for most - wealth was created within this structure. This volume brings together a group of scholars from a range of disciplinary backgrounds who seek to present a more nuanced and elaborated picture of the Swedish cosmopolitan eighteenth century. Together they paint a picture of Sweden that is more like the one eighteenth-century intellectuals imagined, and help to situate Sweden in histories of cosmopolitanism of the wider world.
Arctic Environmental Cooperation. Study in Governmentality
Foreign relations of the United States, 1969-1976. Vol. 25, Arab-Israeli Crisis and War, 1973
Not just another tea party : the lasting value of the OSCE
The politicization of the Arctic in the beginning of the 21st century : how do the Arctic Ocean states legitimate their new role in the Arctic of melting ice and new opportunities?
Roosevelt's good neighbor policy
Sweden in the eighteenth-century world : provincial cosmopolitans
Weltachsen 2000 : International Congress 11./12. November 1999, Bonn : Dokumentation
Reflections on the triangular relations of Beijing-Taipei-Washington since 1995 : status quo at the Taiwan straits?
China and the Nordic countries, 1950-1970
Critical factors in the Horn of Africa's raging conflicts
The dialogue between Finland and the United States - and the Finnish-Americans
International business : the new realities
Asia and Europe: regional co-operation in a globalising world : third ASEF summer school, 6-19 August 2000
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
Key actors in the EU's eastern neighbourhood : competing perspectives on geostrategic tensions
Beyond the pejorative : sphere of influence in international theory
The Truth about Vietnamo-Chinese relations over the past thirty years
China's response to the West : a documentary survey, 1839-1923
At a time when much attention is focused on the Horn of Africa as one of Africa's most war-ravaged regions and a continued source of security concern regionally and globally, this Discussion Paper provides deep insights into the complex dimensions of and linkages between the violent conflicts in the region. Delving into history and the core and contextual factors underpinning these wars in the postcolonial era, the author provides a conceptual framework for grappling with the complex inter- and intra-state conflicts by focusing on the institutional and structural causes of war. He goes on to make a compelling argument that conflict for institutional and democratic state transformation in the Horn of Africa is a fundamental step towards long-term peace and sustainable development.
International performance of emerging market firms : marketing and supply chain capabilities and host country institutions
Neighbouring an unpredictable Russia : implications for Finland
The American study of international relations : essays
Iran, Saudi Arabia and the Gulf : power politics in transition 1968-1971
Raising the stakes : the need for a more ambitious American policy towards Iran
The lost history of 1914 : how the Great War was not inevitable
The new sinosphere : China in Africa
Coming of age : German foreign policy since 1945
”A more sustainable world for all.” Ethics in the claimed environmentalism of business actors
U.S. foreign policy for the 1970's : an analysis of the President's 1973 foreign policy report and Congressional action
From friend to foe, from savior to plotter : analysis of representations of Russian-European relations in Russian press
International relations in South Asia : search for an alternative paradigm
Self-determination and secessionism in Somaliland and South Sudan : challenges to postcolonial state-building
Constructing national security : U.S. relations with India and China
The 2nd edition of Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace and Conflict provides timely and useful information about antagonism and reconciliation in all contexts of public and personal life. Building on the highly-regarded 1st edition (1999), and publishing at a time of seemingly inexorably increasing conflict and violent behaviour the world over, the Encyclopedia is an essential reference for students and scholars working in the field of peace and conflict resolution studies, and for those seeking to explore alternatives to violence and share visions and strategies for social justice and social change. Covering topics as diverse as Arms Control, Peace Movements, Child Abuse, Folklore, Terrorism and Political Assassinations, the Encyclopedia comprehensively addresses an extensive information area in 225 multi-disciplinary, cross-referenced and authoritatively authored articles. In his Preface to the 1st edition, Editor-in-Chief Lester Kurtz wrote: "The problem of violence poses such a monumental challenge at the end of the 20th century that it is surprising we have addressed it so inadequately. We have not made much progress in learning how to cooperate with one another more effectively or how to conduct our conflicts more peacefully. Instead, we have increased the lethality of our combat through revolutions in weapons technology and military training. The Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, and Conflict is designed to help us to take stock of our knowledge concerning these crucial phenomena." Ten years on, the need for an authoritative and cross-disciplinary approach to the great issues of violence and peace seems greater than ever.
Pioneers of a European Diplomatic System : EU Delegations in Moscow and Washington
Cold war perceptions : Romania's policy change towards the Soviet Union, 1960-1964
When the first-world-north goes local : education and gender in post-revolution Laos
Globalizing resistance against war? : a critical analysis of the theoretical debate through a case study of the "new" anti-war movement in Britain
Belgium and Poland in international relations 1830-1831
China's 'assertive' South China Sea policy and rhetoric : proactive, reactive or myth?
Classics of international relations : essays in criticism and appreciation
Finland and the United States, 1917-1919 : early years of mutual relations
Russia and the Balkans 1870-1880
Russia and Europe, 1825-1878
In or out? : international community membership: beliefs, behaviour, contextuality and principles
The vulnerable subject of liberal war
Structure and scope. "This volume is part of a subseries of volumes of the Foreign Relations series that document the most important issues in the foreign policy of the administrations of Richard M. Nixon and Gerald R. Ford. ... This volume documents U.S. policymaking toward the Arab-Israeli dispute between January and December 1973, i.e., the months before, during, and immediately after the Arab-Israeli War of October 1973."--pp. iii-iv.
Essentials of international relations
Toward human international relations : therapeutic redescription of the Hobbesian state of nature
Addressing state fragility in Africa : a need to challenge the established ‘wisdom’?
The future of US-Europe relations : institutional constraints and public opinion may render changes smaller than expected
Honor in foreign policy : a history and discussion
The United States and South America : the Northern Republics
Sino-Japanese relations : facing the past, looking to the future?
France and the Africans 1944-1960 : a political history
U.S. policy toward Africa : hearings before the Subcommittee on African Affairs and the Subcommittee on Arms Control, International Organizations and Security Agreements, and the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, Ninety-fourth Congress, second session ..
Cultivating the human capital of the Central Baltic Sea region : policy recommendation : expat-project
International relations : co-operation and conflict
International perspectives
Asia and Europe: towards a better mutual understanding : second ASEF summer school, 22 August - 5 September 1999
Hearings before the subcommittee on United States security agreements and commitments abroad of the committee on foreign relations : United States Senate, Ninetyfirst congress, First and second session. 11, March 11 and April 14, 1969 and July 17, 1970 : Spain and Portugal
The war of ideas in contemporary international relations : the imperialist doctrine, methods and organisation of foreign political propaganda
The analysis of international relations
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
At the southern edge of the European Union : the relations between Egypt and the EU before the revolution of 2011
Remembering the war and aggression : a discourse analysis of Japan's state apologies and commemoration speeches on August 15th 1995-2015
"Classics of International Relations introduces, contextualises and assesses 24 of the most important works on international relations of the last 100 years. Providing an indispensable guide for all students of IR theory, from advanced undergraduates to academic specialists, it asks why are these works considered classics? Is their status deserved? Will it endure? It takes as its starting point Norman Angell's best-selling The Great Illusion (1909) and concludes with Daniel Deudney's award winning Bounding Power (2006). The volume does not ignore established classics such as Morgenthau's Politics Among Nations and Waltz's Theory of International Politics, but seeks to expand the 'IR canon' beyond its core realist and liberal texts. It thus considers emerging classics such as Linklater's critical sociology of moral boundaries, Men and Citizens in the Theory of International Relations, and Enloe's pioneering gender analysis, Bananas, Beaches and Bases. It also innovatively considers certain 'alternative format' classics such as Kubrick's satire on the nuclear arms race, Dr Strangelove, and Errol Morris's powerful documentary on war and US foreign policy, The Fog of War. With an international cast of contributors, many of them leading authorities on their subject, Classics of International Relations will become a standard reference for all those wishing to make sense of a rapidly developing and diversifying field." -- Publisher website.
As one of the major actors on the scene of international politics, Russia also impacts the various efforts of arms control, conflict settlement and mediation. This pertains to issues such as the Syrian conflict, nuclear proliferation in the case of Iran or various conflicts part of the post-Soviet space. Success or failure in these efforts has considerable significance for the conduct of international relations, including Russia's own standing on the international scene. In particular, the approach adopted has impacted the chances of capitalizing on regionalization as an asset potentially bolstering Russia's weight and influence. In addition to outlining the Russian approach to arms control, conflict settlement and mediation more generally, the various contributions included in the book set out to probe the policies pursued in the case of specific conflicts such as those unfolding in the Southern Caucasus as well as Moldova. In this context the only resolved post-Soviet conflict consists of that pertaining to Tajikistan whereas all other may be described as 'frozen conflicts'. Particular attention is devoted to the case of Nagorno-Karabakh and the various efforts to address and settle that conflict. Out of the various 'rozen' conflicts part of the post-Soviet space, it stands perhaps out as the 'hottest' one, although competes for attention and need of analysis with other conflictual issues in the region.
Britain and the Vatican during the Second World War
China and India : cooperation or conflict?
United States national security policy vis-a-vis Eastern Europe, the "Sonnenfeldt Doctrine" : hearings before the Subcommittee on International Security and Scientific Affairs of the Committee on International Relations, House of Representatives, Ninety-fourth Congress, second session, April 12, 1976.
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
Arctic strategies and policies : inventory and comparative study
Summary in Russian.
The American record in the Far East, 1945-1951
Participating in Canada's victory : the Finnish community in Canada during World War II
Manifestation of what foreign policy : EU actorness in the context of Operation Atalanta
This book looks both backward and forward with regard to the European Union's political strategies towards its neighbouring countries. By bringing together the perspectives of critical geopolitics, policy studies and border studies, it presents a comprehensive review of the European Neighbourhood Policy and how it impacts the ongoing construction of the EU's external frontiers. Is the EU committed to promoting integration in a 'wider' European space, or is a "fortress Europe" emerging where the strengthening of internal cohesion is coupled with the militarisation of its external borders? The book aims to problematize this question by showing how the EU's external policies are based on a mixture of openness and closure, inclusion and exclusion, cooperation and securitisation. The European Neighbourhood Policy is a controversial strategy where regionalization and bordering, homogenisations and differentiations, centrifugal and centripetal forces proceed side-by-side, in an explicit attempt to construct a selective, mobile and fragmented border. A specific focus is devoted to the diversity of geo-strategies the EU is pursuing in its neighbouring countries and regions, macro-regional strategies and cross-border cooperation initiatives as new scales of cooperation, and the role of other global players.
China and Inner Asia : from 1368 to the present day
European Union and the developing nation's external debt: EU-15's debt policy, 1960-2008
Getting along with Gulliver : a review of Finnish-German relations
Employment relationship : a comparative overview
A Finnish company's entry to Hungarian markets
Britain, Germany and the future of the European Union
España Britannia : a bitter-sweet relationship
This paper analyses the notion of self-determination and secession by adopting acomparative perspective on two case studies, namely Somaliland and South Sudan. Somaliland declared its independence in 1991 following the collapse of the Somali state. Since then, Somaliland has been making relentless efforts to secure recognition from the international community. South Sudan successfully negotiated the right to exerciseself-determination, a right that was formalised in the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA) signed between the ruling National Congress Party (NCP) and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement (SPLM). The people of South Sudan held a referendum and voted overwhelmingly for secession, with formal independence being achieved on 9 July 2011. International law may better qualify Somaliland for statehood than South Sudan for three reasons: (i) it was created by colonialism, (ii) it has already been recognised, albeit only for a few days, as an independent state in 1960, and (iii) it has proven to be stable, functional and relatively democratic. Yet Somaliland has failed to achieve international recognition. This paper interrogates this discrepancy. It concludes that the existence of a partner ready to accept the right of self-determination, and geostrategic concerns about security as well a seconomic and political interests, determine international recognition.
The image of Russia in the Balkans
Canadian-American relations, 1849-1874
The Middle East in the American quest for world order : ideas of power, economics, and social development in United States foreign policy, 1953-1961
Transboundary symbiosis over the Danube : EU integration between Slovakia and Hungary from a local border perspective
FOCAC twelve years later : achievements, challenges and the way forward
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating, sourcing and managing across cultures
Poland between East and West : Soviet and German diplomacy toward Poland, 1919-1933
Britain and the casus belli, 1822-1902 : a study of Britain's international position from Canning to Salisbury
Making China policy : from Nixon to G.W. Bush
Boundaries and Agency in Climate Uncertainty : Encountering Traditional Knowledge at the Edges of Science
East, West, North, South : major developments in international politics 1945-1986
The foreign relations of China
Japan and Korea : America's allies in the Pacific
The United States and China : the next decade
Russia-China relations : current state, alternative futures, and implications for the West
Britain in world affairs : the fluctuation in power and influence from Henry VIII to Elizabeth II
Current events happening around the world, especially the 'humanitarian interventions' by NATO and the West within the context of the so-called Arab Spring, make the understanding of the role of spheres of influence in international politics absolutely critical. Hast explores the practical implications and applications of this theory, challenging the concept by using historical examples such as suzerainty and colonialism, as well as the emergence of a hierarchical international order. This study further connects the English School tradition, post-war international order, the Cold War and images of Russia with the concept of the sphere of influence to initiate debate and provide a fresh outlook on a concept which has little recent attention.
Russian greatpowerness : foreign policy, the two Chechen wars and international organisations
Readings on the international political system
Friend or foe : an Anglo-Saxon history of France
Assessing the European Union science diplomacy towards India 2009-2013 : from an experimental pilot initiative into a political dialogue
International relations : a policymaker focus
China's peaceful evolution : a view from Taiwan
India and Russia : towards strategic partnership
International trade : new patterns of trade, production & investment
The United States and Mexico : between partnership and conflict
Globalization involves a profound re-ordering of our world with the proliferation everywhere of rules and transnational modes of governance. This book examines how this governance is formed, changes and stabilizes. Building on a rich and varied set of empirical cases, it explores transnational rules and regulations and the organizing, discursive and monitoring activities that frame, sustain and reproduce them. Beginning from an understanding of the powerful structuring forces that embed and form the context of transnational regulatory activities, the book scrutinizes the actors involved, how they are organized, how they interact and how they transform themselves to adapt to this new regulatory landscape. A powerful analysis of the modes and logics of transnational rule-making and rule-monitoring closes the book. This authoritative resource offers ideal reading for all academic researchers and graduate students of governance and regulation.
Perspectives in personality research
North Korea : toward a better understanding
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
Geopolitics : the geography of international relations
Claim made by the Finnish government with regard to Finnish vessels used during the war by the government of the United Kingdom
The spirit of Yenan : a wartime chapter of Sino-American friendship
Indicators of international behavior : an assessment of events data research
Hearings before the Subcommittee on Europe of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, 91st Congress, 2nd session, February 17, 18, March 4, 5, 10, 11, 17, 18, 19, 23, April 7, 8, and 9, 1970. United States relations with Europe in the decade of the 1970's
Theory and reality in international relations
Security studies : an introduction
World politics : trend and transformation
Ari Rusila's BalkanBlog : Balkans, The Middle East, EU and conflicts
Modern Turkey : people, state, and foreign policy in a globalised world
Stalin and Europe : imitation and domination, 1928-1953
Operation Rollback : America's secret war behind the Iron Curtain
British foreign policy and Indian affairs, 1783-1815
The United States role in opening the Suez Canal : Hearing, Ninety-third Congress, second session
Nicaragua, the price of intervention : Reagan's wars against the Sandinistas
Executive agreements with Portugal and Bahrain : Hearings, Ninety-second Congress, second session, on S. Res. 21 : February 1, 2, and 3, 1972.
The struggle for the Middle East : the Soviet Union and the Middle East 1958-70
International society after the cold war : anarchy and order reconsidered
Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict
The indeterminacy of the human of biopower : competing problematics of human security / Suvi Alt.
Tension between the strong, and the power of the weak : is the relation positive or negative
Sino-Japanese relations : interaction, logic, and transformation
Sino-American relations, 1949-71
Iraq confidential : the untold story of the intelligence conspiracy to undermine the UN and overthrow Saddam Hussein
Resilience: an all-encompassing solution to global problems? A biopolitical analysis of resilience in the policies of EC, FEMA, UNDP, USAID, WB, and WEF
Issues in international relations
Neighborly adversaries : readings in U.S.-Latin American relations
Peace with China? : U.S. decisions for Asia
International relations theory : realism, pluralism, globalism
White spots, black spots : difficult matters in Polish-Russian relations, 1918-2008
The beginning of the Cold War as a phenomenon of realpolitik : U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes in the field of power politics 1945 - 1947
From cold war to common currency : a personal perspective on Finland and the EU
Building bridges or digging trenches? : civil society engagement after the arab spring
Neighbors taken for granted : Canada and the United States
India and China : the way ahead after "Mao's India War"
The current U.S. reset policy with Russia involves efforts to blaze a path of mutual cooperation on arms control and proliferation. In arms control, we see determined administration attempts to promote greater nuclear reductions in the direction of nuclear zero, including reductions in tactical nuclear weapons. This necessarily leads Moscow to raise issues of missile defense in Europe that it vehemently opposes. This monograph analyzes Russia's position on these arms control issues and examines the chances for the United States to achieve its arms control goals in the foreseeable future. It also looks at the Russian position with regard to the main nonproliferation issues of Iran and North Korea, what the implications of these positions are for the achievement of U.S. policy goals, and what the United States might do with regard to Russia to advance those goals in a dynamic international environment.
An Anglophile among the Anglicans
British documents on foreign affairs : reports and papers from the Foreign Office confidential print. Part 1, From the mid-nineteenth century to the First World War. Series A, Russia, 1859-1914
Privileged partners? : Italy should use its leverage for constructive policies towards Russia
America faces Russia : Russian-American relations from early times to our day
