http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5201 family sports
family sports
Fat family / fit family : how we beat obesity and you can too
Living arrangements and their association to physical function at the ages of 90 and over
"We evolved to eat berries rather than bagels, to live in mud huts rather than condos, to sprint barefoot rather than play football - or did we? Are our bodies and brains truly at odds with modern life? Although it may seem as though we have barely had time to shed our hunter-gatherer legacy, biologist Marlene Zuk reveals that the story is not so simple. Popular theories about how our ancestors lived - and why we should emulate them - are often based on speculation, not scientific evidence. Armed with a razor-sharp wit and brilliant, eye-opening research, Zuk takes us to the cutting edge of biology to show that evolution can work much faster than was previously realized, meaning that we are not biologically the same as our caveman ancestors. Contrary to what the glossy magazines would have us believe, we do not enjoy potato chips because they crunch just like the insects our forebears snacked on. And women don't go into shoe-shopping frenzies because their prehistoric foremothers gathered resources for their clans. As Zuk compellingly argues, such beliefs incorrectly assume that we're stuck - finished evolving - and have been for tens of thousands of years. She draws on fascinating evidence that examines everything from adults' ability to drink milk to the texture of our ear wax to show that we've actually never stopped evolving. Our nostalgic visions of an ideal evolutionary past in which we ate, lived, and reproduced as we were 'meant to' fail to recognize that we were never perfectly suited to our environment. Evolution is about change, and every organism is full of trade-offs. From debunking the caveman diet to unraveling gender stereotypes, Zuk delivers an engrossing analysis of widespread paleofantasies and the scientific evidence that undermines them, all the while broadening our understanding of our origins and what they can really tell us about our present and our future." -- (W. W. Norton & Company)
Creating Physical Education Lessons for Family Childminders
Meeting the needs of children with disabilities : families and professionals facing the challenge together
Perfect girls, starving daughters : the frightening new normality of hating your body
Reduced muscle inactivity, sedentary time and cardio-metabolic benefits : effectiveness of a one-year family-based cluster randomized controlled trial
Children with functional motor limitations : a three-level approach
Yoga for mother and baby : interactive poses for you and your baby (0-3 years old)
Happy Helsinki : city for kids : outing ideas for families
The work of professional football : a labour of love?
Is physical activity associated with low-risk health behaviours among 15-year-old adolescents in Finland?
Accessibility and children-friendly environment in the restaurants of Jyväskylä
A small-group-based nutritional and physical activity intervention for preventing children's overweight and obesity : a quasi-experimental intervention trial.
Special occasion photography
Paleofantasy : what evolution really tells us about sex, diet, and how we live
The complete idiot's guide to beating stress
Integration through games and sports
Routledge handbook of disability studies
Health promotion throughout the life span
"The Routledge Handbook of Disability Studies takes a multidisciplinary approach to disability and provides an authoritative and up-to-date overview of the main issues in the field around the world today. Adopting an international perspective and consisting entirely of newly commissioned chapters arranged thematically, it surveys the state of the discipline, examining emerging and cutting edge areas as well as core areas of contention. Divided in five sections, this comprehensive handbook covers: Different models and approaches to disability How key impairment groups have engaged with disability studies and the writings within the discipline Policy and legislation responses to disability studies and to disability activism Disability studies and its interaction with other disciplines, such as history, philosophy and science and technology studies Disability studies and different life experiences, examining how disability and disability studies intersects with ethnicity, sexuality, gender, childhood and ageing. Containing chapters from an international selection of leading scholars, this authoritative handbook is an invaluable reference for all academics, researchers and more advanced students in disability studies and associated disciplines such as sociology, health studies and social work"--Provided by publisher.
Physical therapy assessment in early infancy
Physical activity and motor competence in 4-8-year old children : results of a family-based cluster-randomized controlled physical activity trial
Familial aggregation of leisure-time physical activity : a three generation study
The art of hearing heartbeats : a novel
The effect of aquatic exercise on symptoms, function, body composition and cartilage in knee osteoarthritis
