http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5205 women's choirs
women's choirs
Five Abba hits : for SSA choir with piano accompaniment
Frankly speaking : SA and piano : three classic Frank Sinatra hits
Simple gifts : (Shaker song)
Honor! Honor! : negro spiritual : SSA with piano
Venus' wheel
California dreamin' : S.S.A. : (piano accompaniment with optional string bass, guitar and percussion)
The Sweptaways show
Wher'er you walk : (from Semele)
Adiemus : songs of sanctuary : vocal score for chorus (SSAA), piano and optional recorder
Carols for choirs. 4, Fifty carols for sopranos and altos
I have a dream : SSA, piano
Oh, what a beautiful city : traditional spiritual
A ceremony of carols : ein Kranz von Lobechören
Come, magnify the Lord : S A, text from the Magnificat
He shall feed his flock : (from Messiah)
The sound of music : from the musical play "The sound of music"
Let's sing Christmas music : carols, hymns, and rounds for SSA
The women's choirbook : 15 all-time standards for female singers
Swingin’ sisters : the best of Andrews Sisters and Boswell Sisters : für Frauenchor
Reine Frauensache! : 60 highlights für Frauenchor = 60 highlights for upper voices
Sleep of the child Jesus : (S.S.A with piano : french carol
Scarborough Fair/Canticle : S.S.A
Edelweiss : from The sound of music
Here, there and everywhere : for SSA chorus and piano
Favourite pops : for SSA choir with piano accompaniment
Jazz classics : for SSA choir with piano accompaniment
Don't cry for me Argentina : for SSA and piano
Philomela in dreams
Hark, hark, the lark : 8 Shakespeare settings for upper voices
Light
Coventry carol : English carol : S. S. A.
Try to rememeber : from the Fantasticks
Revontulet = Northern lights = Aurora borealis
Merry Christmas Everybody! : Christmas pop classics for upper voices
Easy Beatles
Bridge over troubled water : treble voices S.S.A
They say that Susan has no heart for learning : madrigal for three-part chorus of women's voices with piano accompaniment
Vale of Tuoni
Choral music of today. No.3
Voice of angel : vol. 2
Man in the mirror : SSA/Piano
Choruses from Godspell & Children of Eden
Choral anthology : for SSA choir with piano accompaniment
Choral music of today. 4. : S.S.A
Jazz songs of innocence : for SSA, piano and optional bass and drum kit
The sound of music : from The sound of music : for SSA and piano
I have a dream
Disco classics. Volume 1 : SA and piano
The sound of music : choral selection SSA
Sulasoi 2. 2, Viihdyttäviä lauluja naiskuorolle : Entertaining songs for female choir
Songs of sanctuary
Yes we can!
Stravinsky Conducts Stravinsky : The Original Jacket Collection
Music of the world : for SSA choir with piano accompaniment
Angels : three pop classics
Choral music of today. No.2
Greatest hits
December celebration : new carols by seven American composers
The Cloud Messenger, H111
Kolm eesti mängulaulu : naiskooriversioon = Three Estonian game songs : version for female choir
Edelweiss : from "The sound of music", for female chorus (SSA)
My favourite things : from the musical play "The sound of music"
Christmas pops for female choirs
Five pop ballads : for SSA choir with piano accompaniment
30 sacred masterworks : for upper voice choir
The passing of the year
Paul McCartney's Liverpool oratorio : Choral selection for upper voices
Hey Jude : SSA
Love is a many splendored thing
Kaksi Kalevala-laulua : for female choir and chamber orchestra
Groove sisters : 10 arrangements for female choir
Stand by me
Classic soul : for SSA choir with piano accompaniment
A boy was born in Bethlehem : SSAA, unaccompanied
The song of the stars : British music for upper voice choir
Memory & other choruses from Cats
Choral music
Fields of gold : SSA
The Fifth century
I  know that my Redeemer liveth : (from Messiah)
Eight partsongs for upper voices
The world song of the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts
Can you feel the love tonight : for 3-part mixed and piano
Chim chim cher-ee : from Walt Disney's Mary Poppins
Good time, a good time
Nobody does it better : from "The spy who loved me"
Hymn to Dionysus : Opus 31 no. 2 (1913)
Nuorisokuoro Laurus = The Youth Choir Laurus
Lauliku lapsepöli = The songster's childhood from the cycle "Songs of singing and the songster" for women's chorus and soloists
Can you feel the love tonight : for 2-part and piano
I'd like to teach the world to sing (in perfect harmony) : SSA : (piano accompaniment with optional string bass, guitar and percussion)
Adiemus II : Cantata mundi : vocal score for chorus (SSA), optional recorder and piano
Choral music of today. No.4
