http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5214 mineral wool
mineral wool
Development of indirect measurement method for fire resistance
resistance there has to be more variation in test results to be able to perform statistical analyses. By using the Taguchi method in the test parameter planning, specified parameters, the needed level of the parameters and the different combinations of these can be taken into account.
Comparison of Thermal Insulation Materials
Microscopy of ceramics and cements including glasses, slags, and foundry sands
Utilization of recycled mineral wool as filler in wood plastic composites
Due to the growing fire safety and energy efficiency demands of buildings and installations, the role of insulation and the need for fire protection have increased substantially. The choice of insulation materials has a great impact on the fire safety of the whole construction and building. The purpose of this study was to develop an indirect measurement method, an estimation model for the fire resistance performance of stone wool insulation. The objective was to gather information about the fire resistance properties of stone wool and clarify the connections between stone wool fire resistance and fibre properties as well as the other product properties. In the theoretical part, the basics of the fire classification of a buildings and building materials are presented, focusing especially on the criteria and details of fire resistance testing. Passive fire protection can generally be defined as a material's ability to resist a fully developed fire for a designated period. Fire resistance properties were tested in a fire oven according to the standardized fire curve, EN ISO 834, for the time and temperature development. The results of the measured fibre and product properties were analysed and compared with the calculated fire resistance performance values. The product properties and their relations to fire resistance performance were clarified via statistical analyses. Regression analyses were used to determine the relationships among several variables. Based on the statistical analyses, it was found that the fire resistance performance of stone wool is a complex combination of several physical and structural properties, mean fibre orientation, specimen thickness, density, thermal conductivity, air permeability and the amount of binder and dust binding oil in the final product. The simple estimation models for the fire resistance performance were developed. In order to develop a valid estimation model for fire
