http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5210 animal parks
animal parks
The wheels on the bus
Millicent and Meer
Chiefs, hunters and San in the creation of the Moremi Game Reserve, Okavango Delta : mulitracial interactions and initiatives, 1956-1979
Dancing with the virgins
Global trends in wildlife management : transactions, 18th IUGB Congress, Jagiellonian University, Kraków, Poland, August 1987. Vol. 1
Protect or poach? : illegal wildlife utilization in Zambia, with specific reference to Kasanka National Park
The Akimbo adventures
When wolves were eliminated from Yellowstone National Park the natural system was out of balance. Shows the return of the wolves to the park and the natural balance being restored.
Akimbo and the snakes
Balancing seasonal demand with new products : case Toivonen Animal Park and Peasant Museum
Kruger : portrait of a national park
Suomen Lapin lumous = The lure of Finnish Lapland
Destination wildlife : an international site-by-site guide to the best places to experience endangered, rare, and fascinating animals and their habitats
And Tango makes three
Skansen : buildings and animals : a short guide for visitors
One snowy night
Akimbo and the lions
Chomp
The herpetofauna of Upper Niger National Park, Guinea, West Africa
Pig on a swing
Arktinen seikkailupolku : Ranuan eläinpuiston uudistaminen : = Upgrading of Ranua Zoo
No-bot, the robot with no bottom!
Spy cat. Safari
Indigenous knowledge of Namibia
The Wheels On The Bus
The soul of the rhino : a Nepali adventure with kings and elephant drivers, billionaires and bureaucrats, shamans and scientists and the Indian rhinoceros
Pohjoisten alueiden eläimiä = Animals of the North
Africa : The Serengeti
Bears
Carabid beetles (Coleoptera, Carabidae) as indicators of environmental change in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
Evaluation of the project "Institutional cooperation between Mokolodi Wildlife Foundation and the Royal Norwegian Society for Development"
The great migration
Wildlife ecology and management
Dog Park Renovation Plan
On the wild side : the story of Malawi's Liwonde National Park
Southern Africa : South Africa, Namibia, Botswana, Zimbabwe, Swaziland, Lesotho, and Southern Mozambique
Akimbo and the baboons
Thailand : The east
Dreaming the bear
The great national parks of the world
Serengeti : natural order on the African plain
Wolves
Madagascar's dung beetles : rain forest species avoid open areas
The black and white club
Akimbo and the elephants
Vihreä Helsinki = The green spaces of Helsinki
The elephant whisperer : learning about life, loyalty and freedom from a remarkable herd of elephants
The natural world of Taiwan
Jane Goodall 50 years at Gombe : a tribute to five decades of wildlife research, education, and conservation
Blackfish
Eco-touring : the ultimate guide
An African love story: love, life and elephants
Mysteries of the wild. 2
Trees, woods and forests : a social and cultural history
When the wolves returned : restoring nature's balance in Yellowstone
Jane Goodall :   50 years at Gombe : a tribute to five decades of wildlife research, education, and conservation
The monkey hunters
Tourism and animal ethics
Africa : Eye to eye with the unknown
Africa : eye to eye with the unknown
WILD INDIA : THE WILDLIFE AND SCENERY OF INDIA AND NEPAL
Wildlife tourism
The Kruger experience : ecology and management of savanna heterogeneity
Free Willy : 10th anniversary special edition
Watkins explores how our understanding of forests has transformed in recent years and how it fits in our continuing anxiety about our impact on the natural world.
Akimbo and the crocodile man
Safeguarding cultural properties : security for museums, libraries, parks, and zoos
Conservation and biodiversity
This is Helsinki
Environment and man in Nepal
Dad made me come to this snowy wilderness. My natural habitat is the shopping mall and the multi-screen cinema. I miss my friends and I'm not good at skiing or chopping wood ... or living without wi-fi. Mum, Dad, and Jem are all thriving here but I'm getting weaker and sicker with each day that passes. Then I find the bear. She's huge and scary, but she makes me feel ...alive ...and connected to this amazing place. The thing is, she needs me just as much as I need her. And I don't know if I'm strong enough. / WorldCat.
Pollination ecology and the rain forest : Sarawak studies
