http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p521 traffic surveillance
traffic surveillance
Beyond our control? : confronting the limits of our legal system in the age of cyberspace
Abstract: IT service management and network monitoring in SpiderNet : ITIL ITSM service support and IBM Tivoli NetView.
Payment system risks in Finland and the need for regulation and supervision
Butterworths police law
Crash violence within the road transport system : summary report
Papers of the 11th World Clean Air and Environment Congress : Durban, South Africa, 14-18 September 1998 : theme: the interface between developing and developed countries
High-tech applications in traffic and road management systems
Development process of the Gulf of Finland mandatory ship reporting system : reflections on the methods
Random breath testing : an effective means of reducing drinking and driving and identifying problem drinkers
Big pocket guide to using social marketing for behaviour change
Customer satisfaction and loyalty in after sales service : modes of care in telecommunications systems delivery
The giant speed-indicating display in police traffic control
Policing and punishing the drinking driver : a study of general and specific deterrence
Resource allocation and load balancing mechanisms for providing quality of service in the internet
Network monitoring : subprocess for fault management
Maritime security and security measures : MIMIC study in the Baltic Sea area
Information security management handbook. Vol. 2
Traffic safety of vulnerable road users in urban areas.
GOFREP in all and its users`opinions : A study on user friendliness and general information concerning GOFREP
Person of interest = Kohde. The complete first season
Cellular positioning system (CPS)
Abstract: Crash violence within the traffic system : risks and their reduction on regional and connecting roads.
Routing TCP/IP. Volume 2
Traffic engineering and QoS optimization of integrated voice & data networks
802.1X port-based authentication
Regulation and control of payment system risks : a Finnish perspective
Global responses to maritime violence : cooperation and collective action
Government access and collection of private information
Local positioning systems : LBS applications and services
Networking essentials : a CompTIA Network+ N10-006 textbook
Cisco network security troubleshooting handbook
Cybersecurity : what are the legal remedies and options available for companies to protect their IT infrastructure and their customers ̀ data
Automatic asset tracking system
Quality of service and dynamic scheduling for traffic engineering in next generation networks
Road Traffic Monitoring Using Noise Sensor Networks;Vehicle Speed Detection
Abstract: Network monitoring : subprocess for fault management.
Security monitoring
Firewalls : jumpstart for network and systems administrators
Troubleshooting and maintaining Cisco IP Networks (TSHOOT) : foundation learning guide CCNP TSHOOT 300-135
Hacking : the next generation
Specification of a Remote Monitoring Protocol
CCSP Cisco Secure PIX firewall advanced exam certification guide
Person of interest. The complete fourth season
QoS in integrated 3G networks
Information security management handbook. Vol. 3
Rescue at sea : an international history of lifesaving, coastal rescue craft and organisations
Hack the stack : using Snort and Ethereal to master the 8 layers of an insecure network
National single window : "reporting formalities directive and its implementation in Finland - threats and opportunities"
Abstract: IPTV monitoring.
Network Access Control : single computer viewpoint
Nagios : system and network monitoring
Practical VoIP security
"Lentävät tulevat" : Liikkuvan poliisin kahdeksan vuosikymmentä = "De flygande kommer" : Rörliga polisen under åtta årtionden = "The flying are here" : eight decades of the National Traffic Police
Routing TCP/IP. 1
Keeping the door ajar : local border traffic regimes on the EU’s eastern borders
IT service management and network monitoring in SpiderNet : ITIL ITSM service support and IBM Tivoli NetView
Abstract: Network Access Control : single computer viewpoint.
Deploying QoS for Cisco IP and next-generation networks : the definitive guide
Wireless security and cryptography : specifications and implementations
RFID for dummies : [get up to speed on Radio Frequency Identification]
Latvian road sector and enforcement of regulations of international road haulage in historical perspective
Cisco ASA : all-in-one next-generation firewall, IPS, and VPN services
Master : Managing speeds of traffic on European roads
Semantics-based access control in business networks
Surveillance in the time of insecurity
Security manual
International banking regulation and supervision : change and transformation in the 1990s
Cisco Networking Academy Program : fundamentals of network security companion guide
Secure communications : applications and management
Identity theft for dummies
Final report of cross-border project called "Development of Logistics for Supplier Net Models" (Lognet) : in the honour of St. Petersburg Transport University's 200 year and Lappeenranta University of Technology's 40 year celebration
C.A.S.H. survey on drivers of heavy goods vehicles in 2011-2012 : traffic behaviour, attitudes, occupational health and cultural differences around Baltic Sea
Probe Administration Manager
Voice over ip security : a comprehensive survey of vulnerabilities and academic research
Abstract (s. 3).
Monitoring and reporting of the Cisco Unified Communications environment
HELCOM activities report 2012.
Risk factors for drunk driving : results from a long-term study in Uusimaa in Finland 1990-2008
Network security auditing
Person of interest. The complete second season
Authentication : from passwords to public keys
RFID technology and applications
Network security : know it all
Mac OS X system administration
The study was conducted as a comprehensive overview of Reporting Formalities Directive and its' implementation in Finland, threats and opportunities from Customs point of view. National Single Window concept is just a phase towards the integra-tion of maritime surveillance. This approach towards further integration of maritime surveillance was confirmed in the roadmap for the development of the European Border Surveillance System (EUROSUR), which foresees the creation of a common Information Sharing Environment (CISE) for the European maritime domain. One aim is also to enhance co-operation between civil and military authorities.  The integrated maritime surveillance is to generate situational awareness of activities at sea impacting on maritime safety and security (ISPS), border control, the maritime environment, fisheries control, trade and economic interests within the European Union.  There has already been for decades a demand for a single window concept already decades and many implementations are already in practice. It has, however become more evident that the preliminary purpose was to create a working service platform. The technological part has considered by many to be the issue, nevertheless, it has become more and more obvious that the real issue are the co-operation, different cultures, different processes involved, legislations and other different approaches to this concept.  Conclusions based on this study showed us that building up the structures of a Single window system are not facing only technical, cultural or legal problems but as well some basic changes towards our attitudes for closer cooperation has to be reconsidered.  There will be a project going on to build up Common Information Sharing Environment, where surveillance is coming more in focus. There will also be military authorities involved with the NSW plans to do more cooperation in maritime surveillance matters (EUCISE2020). This next project will be a very fruitful study topic for someone as well the satisfaction of current and new stakeholders then.
Security and quality of service in ad hoc wireless networks
Hacking exposed(TM) VoIP : Voice over IP security secrets & solutions
Effectiveness and impact of alcohol inter-lock-controlled driving rights
Host Identity Protocol (HIP) : towards the secure mobile Internet
Windows Server 2008 Networking and Network Access Protection (NAP)
Modelling driver behaviour in automotive environments : critical issues in driver interactions with intelligent transport systems
Implementing service quality in IP networks
Motorists' attitudes and behaviour towards automatic traffic enforcement in Finland
Cryptography, information theory, and error-correction : a handbook for the 21st century
Person of interest. The complete third season
