http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5229 punk
punk
Gimme something better : the profound, progressive, and occasionally pointless history of Bay Area punk from Dead Kennedys to Green Day
Please release
Fight back : punk, politics and resistance
Legacy of brutality
From the dumpster to the grave
The greatest hits so far
Going underground : American punk 1979-1989
Be one with the flames
War all the time
Ugly girls on stage : Riot Grrrl reflected through misrepresentations
Charming Disappointment
See a little light : the trail of rage and melody
Early demo's
Very bad when the drumming stops : a novel
Dicks and Deedees
Sorry Ma, forgot to take out the trash
The Bible : Sniffin' Glue and other rock 'n' roll bits, for humans
Get more action : The lost Egg Studio recordings
Welcome to Mexico..asshole
The Spitboy rule : tales of a Xicana in a female punk band
Winter Dance Party
Joanna Newsom, Will Oldham (a.k.a 'Bonnie Prince Billy'), and Devendra Banhart are perhaps the best known of a generation of independent artists who use elements of folk music in contexts that are far from traditional. These (and other) so called "new folk" artists challenge our notions of 'finished product' through their recordings, intrinsically guided by practices and rhetoric inherited from punk. This book traces a fractured trajectory that includes Harry Smith's Anthology of American Folk Music, Bob Dylan, psych-folk of the sixties (from Vashti Bunyan to The Incredible String Band), and lo-fi and outsider recordings (from Captain Beefheart and The Residents to Jandek and Daniel Johnston) to contextualise the first substantial consideration of new folk. In the process, Encarnacao reviews the literature on folk and punk to argue that tropes of authenticity, though constructions, carry considerable power in the creation and reception of recorded works. New approaches to music require new analytical tools, and through the analysis of some 50 albums, Encarnacao introduces the categories of labyrinth, immersive and montage forms. This book makes a compelling argument for a reconsideration of popular music history that highlights the eternal compulsion for spontaneous, imperfect and performative recorded artefacts.
A fiendish threat
The Mating sounds of South American frogs
The study was planned to find evidence on potential cultural factors in occurrence and distribution of soil-living mites (Oribatida and Mesostigmata) in Finland. Samples were taken from meadows, gardens and forest edges at (a) isolated cottages and (b) culturally exposed farms in two areas, Sipoo/Mäntsälä and Ilomantsi. Multiple factorial analyses revealed significant differences only between the areas. Number of species was lower in Ilomantsi, where several ”southern” species were absent. The typical forest species were more abundant in the forest habitat. There was no difference between ”Cottages” and ”Farms”..
Destroy all movies!!! : the complete guide to punks on film
Global punk : resistance and rebellion in everyday life
The Loud blaring punk rock cd
Dead On's
England's dreaming : Sex Pistols and punk rock
Stations of the Crass
Johnny's Underground
Chad The Quarterback
Siouxsie & The Banshees : the authorised biography
Huey Morgan's rebel heroes : the renegades of music & why we still need them
John Lydon : stories of Johnny : a compendium of thoughts on the icon of an era
In our bones
The sword of righteousness is buried in my backyard
Too late... no friends
A survey of microorganisms from the spruce beetle in central British Columbia
KauhavaRockCity. Anthology 1
Hardcore zen : punk rock monster movies & the truth about reality
The Best of Blondie
Collection of images of posters, flyers, zines, and other promotional materials for punk rock acts
The Misfits
Pest status and incidence of the honey bee tracheal mite in Finland
Dancing with myself
Kiss them
The rough guide to punk
Hexuality on empty we
Rebel music : resistance through hip hop and punk
From the Velvets to the Voidoids : the birth of American punk rock
Cut the noose
Here we go again : 7" collection 1998-2001
Dead & buried and Fatal blow
Mindless teenage brain rot
Smile, You're travelling : black coffee blues pt 3
The only good punk
B sides and C sides
Transnational punk communities in Poland : from nihilism to nothing outside punk
Punk. No one is innocent : art - style - revolt
Studies on Acari. No. 1, The genus Demodex, Owen
Victim in pain
Greatest hits
Recombo DNA : the story of Devo, or How the 60s became 80s
British society in gothic rock : Siouxsie and the Banshees 1978-79
Operation Ivy
Love songs for the retarded
Typhlodromips jurmoensis ; (Acari: Mesostigmata: Amblyseiinae), a new species from the archipelago of SW Finland
The Buddha of suburbia
Battle Scarred Skinheads : The best of Antisocial
M train
Better than sex
The beautiful & the damned : punk photographs
Snow crash
Punk goes pop. Volume two
Cultural factors in the distribution of soil mites in Finland
The First four years
Unleashed Confession
Religion & politics part 1 & 2
In the fascist bathroom : writings on punk 1977-1992
Punk rock and the politics of place : building a better tomorrow
We are all we have
Blow in the wind
The Peel sessions
The punk singles collection
1,039/Smoothed out slappy hours : authentic guitar-tab edition
Let's Eat Them
Only anarchists are pretty : a novel
Cryptic Attack
Impossible everything
The day the country died
Wild in the streets
Seasonality of Ixodes ricinus and Ixodes trianguliceps tick on the bank vole (Myodes glareolus) and on vegetation in Central Finland
Black coffee blues
Another voice
Public Image Limited : Rise/Fall
Who cares wins
Totally Oppressed
We must burn
Frosted-24
Shouting out the day
Punk house
Networks of sound, style and subversion : the punk and post-punk worlds of Manchester, London, Liverpool and Sheffield, 1975-80
Firsts ep
Girls to the front : the true story of the Riot Grrrl revolution
Life on a plate
Soul food
Punk record labels and the struggle for autonomy : the emergence of DIY
One chord wonders : Power and meaning in punk rock
Frankie the Damage
A visit from the Goon Squad
Sunglasses after dark : full blooded collection
Punk knits : 26 hot new designs for anarchistic souls and independent spirits
Punk pioneers
A history of Riot Grrrl, a radical feminist movement that was started in the 1990s by young women who were fed up with sexism and harrassment and decided to make some noise.
Lo Cast Style
The philosophy of punk : more than noise
Sober living for the revolution : hardcore punk, straight edge, and radical politics
Punk USA : the rise and fall of Lookout! Records
Trapped in a scene : UK hardcore 1985-1989
Hardcore California : a history of punk and new wave
Forming: The early days of L.A. punk
The best of..
Oh so pretty : punk in print 1976-80
Kings of punk
"Punk culture is currently having a revival worldwide, and is poised to grow even more as youth unemployment and youth alienation increase in many countries. In Russia, its power to have an impact and to shock is well illustrated by the girl punk band Pussy Riot. This book, based on extensive original research, examines the nature of punk culture in contemporary Russia, considering the music and lyrics of classic and new punk bands, exploring social media, and reporting on interviews and extensive observation in three key Russian cities. It relates punk to wider contemporary culture, and uses the Russian example to discuss generally what constitutes punk subculture"--
Inception Icon
Punk: The illustrated history of a music revolution
Sex Pistols : the graphic novel
Steampunk accessories : 20 projects to help you nail the style, from goggles to mobile phone cases, gauntlets and jewellery
Punk in Russia : cultural mutation from the "useless" to the "moronic"
Lo Cast Style ; Inhale Corpses
Yo! I killed your God
The art of punk
The One voted most likely to succeed
Do I come here often? : black coffee blues pt 2
Between christian rock and a hard place
Fat Scarlett
Singles collection
Outlaw anthems
Earthbound
The Politics of time
Punk  : the  whole story
Words will break cement : the passion of Pussy Riot
State of flow
Cutdown
Oh, Carolina
AT live at Rauhala 8.4.1989
Clash
Pissed and proud
Never mind the bollocks : That was The Sex Pistols
Dead By Dolls
Crack Cookie
Sick humor
Dr. Martens Airwair with bouncing soles
Cyberpunk : stories of hardware, software, wetware, evolution, and revolution
Last gang in town
Punk aesthetics and new folk : way down the old plank road
Floaded
Dead End Story
Hero of our time
Rock against Bush : Vol 1.
The Horse
The revolution starts at closing time ; They may be drinkers, Robin, but they're also human beings
Flags of Unity
Nobody likes you : inside the turbulent life, time and music of Green Day
The Clash talking : The Clash in their own words
Double duce : and the WDH stories
Altered carbon
Two-year cycle spruce beetle (Dendroctonus rufipennis [Kirby]) adults were collected from emergence traps installed on two types of hosts (stumps and windfalls) in two adjacent timber harvesting areas in central British Columbia over a 5-year period to determine the incidence of associated fungi, bacteria, yeasts, nematodes, and mites. There was no difference in either the mean size or the female ratio of spruce beetles between host types or areas. Yeasts and bacteria were the most common associates of the spruce beetle and were isolated from the majority of beetles, regardless of host type. Pesotum sp. A, a blue-stain fungus, was the most common filamentous species and was isolated from 63% of the 221 beetles sampled. This fungus appears to be closely associated with the spruce beetle regardless of host type. At least 25 taxa of other filamentous fungi (OFF) were also isolated from beetles. Most of the OFF were common, wind-dispersed species, prevalent in the environment, e.g., Penicillium and Cladosporium spp., and are likely only incidental associates of the spruce beetle. The OFF were more likely to be isolated from beetles emerging from windfalls than from stumps. This may have been due to higher moisture in windfalls, which promoted the growth of some OFF. The incidence of mites and nematodes associated with the spruce beetle was relatively low; however, only those observed on the exoskeleton were recorded. The association of microorganisms with the spruce beetle did not vary between the two timber harvesting areas sampled in this study. Despite differences in the two types of host material, the spruce beetle is able to maintain a consistent association with yeasts, bacteria, and Pesotum sp. A.
Beat off
Despite everything : a Cometbus omnibus
White bread blues
Add toner : a Cometbus collection
Dead City Hooligans
Dead Mongoloids
Let's go to hell : scattered memories of the Butthole Surfers
Sniffin' glue : and other rock 'n' roll habits
Stealing all transmissions : a secret history of the Clash
All fools day
The Dwarves are young and good looking
We never learn : the gunk punk undergut, 1988-2001
England's dreaming : anarchy, Sex Pistols, punk rock, and beyond
Punk is dead punk is everything
About time
Burning Britain : the history of UK punk 1980-1984
