http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5221 televisions (devices)
televisions (devices)
The essential guide to digital set-top boxes and interactive TV
Narrative research : an interview with Corrine Squire
The public arts
Lenk's television handbook : operation and troubleshooting
Mobile television : technology and user experiences : report on the Mobile-TV project
How electronic things work ... and what to do when they don't
"Old ladies - they got a way of coming back and biting you in the ass" : the female character construction in Sons of Anarchy
House and philosophy : everybody lies
Richly detailed and empirically grounded, this first book-length study of infotainment and its globalisation by a leading scholar of global communication, offers a comprehensive and critical analysis of this emerging phenomenon.
Television Production : Managing the Technology
Electrical appliance manual : [DIY repair and maintenance of a wide range of domestic electrial appliances]
Terrestrial television : the next technology transition : working group Interim report
Ordinary television : analyzing popular TV
In this video, Benedict Wheeler discusses secondary data analysis in relation to the envirnoment, health, and well-being.
Designing your research proposal
Making sense of the senseless : the management of problematic questions in the Noriko Show
T3 : toys for the boys
This volume offers the first critical history of black and Asian representation on British television from the earliest days of broadcasting to the present day.
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from The Sopranos and The Wire to Mad Men and Breaking Bad
Troubleshooting and repairing consumer electronics
Reality television
Promoting products with fear : positive emotional responses to fear appeals in promotional television advertising
Engaging students with research methods
Writing and producing for television and film
MTV : the making of a revolution
This assessment of the interdependence of television across cultures and nations brings together the most current research and theories on the subject. Drawing on quantitative and cultural studies perspectives, the book provides a model which attempts to move beyond the current controversies about dependency and globalisation.
Tune in, log on : soaps, fandom, and online community
Whither Quo vadis?
A hard day's night : the aftermath of psychological trauma in Grey's Anatomy
Twin Peaks
The Europe of 1500-1815 on film and television : a worldwide filmography of over 2550 works, 1895 through 2000
The influence of pay-to-view television on professional cricket : professional cricket player perceptions
World television : from global to local
Mapping the Somali media : an overview
In this video, Heather Laurie discusses longitudinal surveys.
Representing black Britain : a history of black and Asian images on British television
Blacks and white TV : afro-americans in television since 1948
Advertising to children : concepts and controversies
The Academic Book of the Future
'Television across Europe' analyzes the factors which have shaped the development of television in the post-war period in Western Europe, and forecasts future issues.
Sons of anarchy. Season 1.
Citizen television : a local dimension to public service broadcasting
Wild by nature. Life in high places
Transmedia storytelling and Lost path to success
Bonner provides a distinctive angle on a key area of research and teaching across media and cultural studies - the content of television and the relations between television genres and audiences.
The fame game
In this video, Peter Lynn discusses surveys.
Television's window on the world : international affairs coverage on the U.S. networks
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
Mangatopia : essays on manga and anime in the modern world
Display of LCD-televisions in North American and Finnish household electronics retail stores
The representation of sexual signs in Chinese Durex TV commercial : a semiotic approach
Burning of electrical household appliances : an experimental study
Earthflight
Choosing which method to use
Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on Defining a European Research Agenda on Information Systems and Management in eMedia Industries : Bled, Slovenia, 9th-13th June 2013
In this video, Carey Jewitt discusses multimodal research.
Russians as presented in TV documentaries
In this video, Pat Bazeley discusses how to choose which research method to use.
Infamous
The politics of international standards : France and the color tv war
Measurement station for tv-tuners
Making sense of television : the psychology of audience interpretation
Talking as fast as I can : from Gilmore girls to Gilmore girls, and everything in between
In this video, Sharlene Hesse-Biber discusses how to engage students with research methods.
Eyes on you : a novel of suspense
The reproduction of colour
Secondary data in your research
This book is open access under a CC-BY licence. Part of the AHRC/British Library Academic Book of the Future Project, this book interrogates current and emerging contexts of academic books from the perspectives of thirteen expert voices from the connected communities of publishing, academia, libraries, and bookselling.
Antenna change-over switch
Revealing the love, heartbreak, and reality behind reality television, a former "Bachelor" contestant who quickly became the biggest villain in the history of the show, dishes on her fellow contestants and what really happened on and off the cameras.
Usability study of Nokia Guestlink interactive hotel television
In this video, Malcolm Williams discusses how to design a research proposal.
Television and Fertility
In this video, Geoff Payne discusses research design.
This revised edition provides a revealing examination of how the format of presenting politics on television has changed the way viewers act, vote, and feel about politics in the United States.
Much research has been conducted in the field of utilising the media - television and radio in particular - to promote particular public health messages. However, a burgeoning canon has examined how mass media can play a role in affecting change in fertility preferences and outcomes. In this paper we review these researches which have primarily focussed upon higher fertility settings. The impact of mass media presentation of families and children in low fertility settings has not yet been subject to rigorous sociological investigation so its impact can not be accurately inferred. However, given the pervasive nature of mass media and celebrity culture, we suggest that this is an important avenue for future research. We conclude that television plays a multi-faceted role in shaping individuals decision-making procedures concerning both demographic events and public health interactions. To illustrate this, we present a model which demonstrates a sliding scale of intent - but not impact - of various genres in order to understand the actual role of the media in shaping attitudes towards family size - either explicitly in terms of edutainment or implicitly as a forms of normalization. .
The history of the EIDOPHOR : large screen television projector
Television across Europe
In this video, Patrick Sturgis provides an introduction to survey research methods.
Live television : time, space and the broadcast event
"Try again, fail better" : detecting the intersectionality of white female protagonist in Weeds
Brad Schultz follows the process of news production from the creation of story ideas to presentation on air, in television radio & on the Internet. He also discusses issues facing producers, such as newsroom leadership, resource management & newsroom relationships.
From perverts to fab five : the media's changing depiction of gay people and lesbians
Analysis of the sponsoring impact on the mass media and local spectators: a case study of Caprabo Lleida Basketball
Sport beyond television : the internet, digital media and the rise of networked media sport
This study explored the experiences and understanding of closed-circuit television among pupils and staff in three secondary schools in the Northwest of England. This case explores the research methodology which utilised semi-structured interviews, focus groups and observation. It focuses in particular on the difficulties of securing access to research sites and participants, in this case schools and young people, and the impact that this can have on research findings.
HDTV and the transition to digital broadcasting : understanding new television technologies
Media and identity in contemporary Europe : consequences of global convergence
A police closed-circuit television control room ethnography : exploring how gender stereotypes inform closed-circuit television operators' thoughts and actions
Color television : the business of colorcasting
New infotainment technologies in the home : demand-side perspectives
How to understand the changes and challenges within the television industry in Finland
The psychology of music in multimedia
Television playout development towards flexible IT-based solutions
Survey research
Appraisal in online reviews of South Park : a study of engagement resources used in online reviews
Introduction to media production : the path to digital media production
Digital TV: fixed and mobile systems
Television and video systems : operation, maintenance, troubleshooting, and repair
Sound for film and television
Research ethics and working with children and young people
Expanding video business models beyond television : case: Live Stream Finland
Television at the crossroads
Interpersonal conflict in television drama : content analysis of the intimate relationships on "Kotikatu"
Broadcast news producing
In this video, Jörg Blasius discusses survey research.
Translation of allusions in the animated cartoon The Simpsons
A national joke : popular comedy and English cultural identity
Learn English with Dora! : the Finnish version of Dora the Explorer as a way of teching English vocabulary
Bad wolf : [a novel]
The bilingual screen : ethnolinguistic identity and television viewing among three language minorities
In this video, Grace Spencer discusses research ethics and working with children and young people.
Television security system
Meta-analysis : effects of Sesame Street on children's learning in 15 countries
Soap, science and flat-screen TVs : a history of liquid crystals
Follow FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper and Sheriff Harry S. Truman as they try to hunt down just who killed Laura Palmer in the sleepy town of Twin Peaks, Washington.
Secondary data analysis : the environment and health and well-being
What ́s good on TV : understanding ethics through television
Research design
Experientializing – how C2C communication becomes part of the service experience : the case of live-tweeting and TV-viewing
This text takes the point that TV violence supports the social order by providing a safe outlet for aggressive impulses. Fowles challenges conventional wisdom by asking readers to think about their own viewing habits and those of their friends.
Directing and producing for television : a format approach
Californication : tuotantokaudet 1-3
Look closer : suburban narratives and American values in film and television
Service encounters in a British cooking show : aspects of organisation and discourse roles
Broadcast sponsorship; modifying brand image and expanding target audience through programme choice
You can't touch my hair and other things I still have to explain
Technology-driven industry restructure : the case of terrestrial televison broadcasting in Finland
Advertising to Children stimulates and informs the debate on the ethics and effectiveness of marketing to children. The research tackles a wide range of issues including smoking and alcohol consumption.
Troubleshooting and repairing consumer electronics without a schematic
Heartland TV : prime time television and the struggle for U.S. identity
Gadgets and necessities : an encyclopedia of household innovations
In this video, Corrine Squire discusses narrative research.
Born a crime : and other stories
KBS TV documentary series featuring Korean history from the Joseon kingdom period to the early 20th century. "This groundbreaking documentary visits major archaeological and historically important sites and contains commentary from prominent scholars and local experts." -- Container.
On a hot June day the body of a sixteen-year-old girl washes up on a river bank outside of Frankfurt. She has been brutally murdered, but no one comes forward with any information as to her identity. Even weeks later, the local police have not been able to find out who she is. Then a new case comes in: A popular TV reporter is attacked, raped, and locked in the trunk of her own car. She survives, barely, and is able to supply certain hints to the police, having to do with her recent investigations into a child welfare organization and the potenial uncovering of a child pornography ring with members from the highest echelon of society. As the two cases collide, Inspectors Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein dig deep into the past and underneath the veneer of bourgeois society to come up against a terrible secret that is about to impact their personal lives as well. In Nele Neuhaus's second U.S. publication of her enormously popular series, tensions run high and a complex and unpredictable plot propels her characters forward at breakneck speed.
Seducing America : how television charms the modern voter
The cinderella murder : an under suspicion novel
This thesis aims to explore business opportunities through discovering factors that are needed to be known to understand Korean sense of humor, Hae-Hak, in practice on external communication with advertisement. By focusing on the research on specific examples of Korean advertisements that Hae-Hak is used, this paper will help you to understand Korean sense of humor. Under the HURMOS Project, to discover the utility of humor in business life of South Korea, research has been done.
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to update television playout system. An Estonian television and radio network operator Levira playout centre needed expansion in infrastructure to be able to accommodate larger channel count. Renewals of media asset management and automation systems were also required to handle requirements of the larger channel count and to automate processes. Television playout systems and solutions are going through big changes. These changes reflect partially new developments in the whole broadcasting industry and the way people use video, as well as changes and development in other areas of technology, especially in IT. These changes do not come without challenges with new workflows and ways of operating. These projects were to be done not only for current needs but also to be ready for the coming years. This was taken into consideration on system design and planning as well as on choosing the partners for the projects. As a result of this study, an up to date playout centre was designed with flexible IT based solutions that are easy to update and customize for varying needs of different television channels. Playout centre has room to grow and it is ready for requirements of future without need for major changes in the system.
Television and popular culture in India : a study of the Mahabharat
The world of computers and communications
Regulation, awareness, empowerment : young people and harmful media content in the digital age
This text provides practical guidelines to those in the field of entertainment-education drama who want to sharpen their skills. It contains separate sections for various users - programme managers, writers, producers, directors and actors.
The case for television violence
Implementing mobile TV : ATSC Mobile DTV, MediaFLO, DVB-H/SH, DMB, WiMAX, 3G Systems, and rich media applications
Peter Dahlgren clarifies the underlying theoretical concepts of civil society and the public sphere, and relates these to a critical analysis of the practice of television as journalism, as information and as entertainment. He demonstrates the limits and the possibilities of the television medium and the formats of popular journalism. These issues are linked to the potential of the audience to interpret or resist messages, and to construct its own meanings.
Designing a Booking System for Media Agency Use
Humor in business : case analysis of South Korean humorous advertisements
Internet protocol television (IPTV) services
The work provides an introduction to on-line and audience issues through the study of an Internet soap opera fan group composed largely of women. The author shows that women can build good on-line communities, whilst welcoming male participation.
Yŏksa sŭpʼesyŏl = Korean history, fresh perspectives
New English words in Scrubs and their Finnish translations
An introduction to survey research methods
Planning a research project : an interview with Graham Crow
I didn't come here to make friends : confessions of a reality show villain
Sight, sound, and society : motion pictures and television in America
British TV and film in the 1950s : 'coming to a TV near you!'
Relations of television : genre and gender in the production, reception and text of a Japanese family drama
In this video, Graham Crow discusses planning a research project.
Downton Abbey and philosophy : the truth is neither here nor there
Sounds like a fun party : the use and functions of verbal irony in the situation comedy Friends
Constructing knowledge : epistemic practices in three television interview genres
Media Production : a Practical Guide to Radio and TV
Digital video distribution in broadband, television, mobile and converged networks : trend, challenges and solutions
Comparative study of China Mobile Multimedia Broadcasting and DVB-H systems
Understanding the global TV format
In this accessible book, Stephanie Marriott engages in a close and detailed analysis of the nature of live television. She examines the transformations in our experience of time and space which are brought about by the capacity of broadcasting, to bring us the world in the moment in which it is unfolding.
The DVB-H handbook : the functioning and planning of Mobile TV
Staff members at Sesame Workshop asked us to conduct a meta-analysis of their proprietary evaluation research on the effects of viewing international versions of Sesame Street. We conducted a systematic search of online databases to look for any other relevant studies and ultimately analyzed a sample of 24 studies, conducted with over 10,000 children in 15 countries. This case study describes the process of defining the outer boundaries of the meta-analysis, developing the coding scheme, the challenges of coding the material reliably, the basic structure of the data set and analyses, and the challenges of communicating the results effectively both to academic and lay audiences.
Radio and television : Rai museum collection
Heroes : season 1 part one
Newnes guide to television and video technology
A sampler of international media and communication statistics 2010
The digital television revolution : origins to outcomes
On/off : new electronic products
What are surveys?
Honor Young highlights key points to consider when conducting research with young people. She discusses practices and strategies she has used in this type of research.
Writing for visual media
Prime-time America : life on and behind the television screen
The Romulan stratagem
Contemporary Scottish fictions : film, television and the novel
Easy as A, B, CCTV? using semi-structured interviews and focus groups in a case study on surveillance technologies in schools
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
The Television Handbook is a critical introduction to the practice and theory of television. The book examines the state of television today, explains how television is made and how production is organised, and discusses how critical thinking about programmes and genres can illuminate their meanings. This book also explores how developments in technology and the changing structure of the television industry will lead the medium in new directions. The Television Handbook gives practical advice on many aspects of programme making, from an initial programme idea through to shooting and the post-p.
The Clarkson collection
A collection of essays about the author's experiences on the set of "Gilmore Girls" and her decision to reprise her role for Netflix's upcoming limited-series revival also shares insights into the realities of being an actress in Hollywood and New York.
Teaching toward the 24th century : Star Trek as social curriculum
The crisis of public communication
Reported speech and talk dramatizations as means of humour in Late Night with Conan O'Brien
Modern television systems to HDTV and beyond
The Television Handbook
Mass media statistics
What is multimodal research?
Desperately seeking the audience
Television and the public sphere : citizenship, democracy, and the media
Early musical instruments
Objectivity and subjectivity in social research
An engaging and up-to-date look at television journalism examining the history, contemporary trends and future directions of the medium.
News as entertainment : the rise of global infotainment
Old television
The power of schedule : programme management in the transformation of Finnish public service television
A study on prices and features of the markets of domestic appliances, radio- and television sets and records (classical repertoire) for the Netherlands
Wild by nature. Due south
Consumer electronics troubleshooting & repair handbook
In this video, a team of experts discuss objectivity and subjectivity in social research.
Places of the imagination : media, tourism, culture
Conducting research with young people
Soap, science, and flat-screen TVs : a history of liquid crystals
Sorry not sorry : dreams, mistakes, and growing up
This case study focuses on an ethnography conducted in a police closed-circuit television control room, undertaken in order to explore the ways in which gender stereotypes inform the thoughts and actions of closed-circuit television control room operators and thus the co-constructions of crime/deviance and sex/gender that result. How access was negotiated, including discussion of both informal and formal routes, is described, as is the research field: the police closed-circuit television control room setting. The research itself is then presented.
Color television and how it works
Government denies knowledge : representations of the United States government in the television series The X-Files
In this video, Louise Corti discusses the use of secondary data in research.
On the inside track to Loserville, USA : strategies used in translating humour in two Finnish versions of Reality bites
European television industries
The art of digital video
Importance of pre-production to the efficiency of a reality TV production : case Banijay Finland
Louis Theroux : the collection
Topic-invoked participation frameworks in "talk"-discussion programs
