http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5238 fuel oil
fuel oil
The marine oil engine handbook
The aims of this study were to determine the phytotoxicity of stored rapeseed (Brassica rapa) oil (RSO) and rapeseed oil methyl ester (RME) after "spill like" contamination on the growth of barley (Hordeum vulgare) and the biodegradability of these substances in OECD 301F test conditions and in ground water. Rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester were both stored for a period of time and their fuel characteristics (e.g. acid number) had changed from those set by the fuel standards and are considered to have an effect on its biodegradation. The phytotoxicity was tested using two different types of barley cultivars: "Saana" and "Vilde". The phytotoxic effect on the barley varieties was determined, after the growth season, by measuring the total biomass growth and the mass of 1000 kernels taken from the tests plots. Also visual inspection was used to determine what the effects on the barley growth were. These measurements suggest that both RSO and RME have a negative impact on barley sprouts and therefore the total growth of the barley. RSO and RME both decreased the total amount of harvested phytomass. The weight of 1000 kernels increased with low concentrations of these contaminants and high contamination levels reduced the mass of the kernels. The results of these experiments suggest that the stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester are both phytotoxic materials and therefore will cause substantial loss of vegetation in the case of a fuel spill. The RSO and RME biodegraded effectively in the measurement period of 28 days under OECD test conditions: the degree of biodegradation being over 60%. The biodegradation in the ground water was much slower: the degree of biodegradation being about 10% after 28 days.
From the fryer to the fuel tank : the complete guide to using vegetable oil as an alternative fuel
Biofuels : securing the planet's future energy needs
Experimental and numerical analysis of the hydraulic circuit of a high pressure common rail diesel fuel injection system
Bunkering operations : safe oil transfer procedures
Why your world is about to get a whole lot smaller
Oil, Islam and conflict : Central Asia since 1945
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
Towards clean diesel fuel production : ring opening and hydrogenation of C10 cyclic hydrocarbons
The refinery of the future
McGraw-Hill encyclopedia of engineering
Greenhouse impact assessment of some combustible fuels with a dynamic life cycle approach
Comparison of particulate PAH emissions for diesel, biodiesel and cooking oil using a heavy duty DI diesel engine
Remediation of petroleum contaminated soils : biological, physical, and chemical processes
Combustion engineering
Peaking of world oil production : impacts, mitigation and risk management
Comparison of the effects of various fuel additives on the diesel engine emissions
Modelling and measuring vapour-liquid equilibria for the removal of sulphur compounds
The impacts of biofuels on the economy, environment, and poverty : a global perspective
Characterization of petroleum and bio-oil samples by ultrahigh-resolution Fourier transform ion cyclotron resonance mass spectrometry
The book on biodiesel : the "how to" guide for making your own biodiesel fuel - safely, with step-by-step instructions plus a great read on the subject, all here in Merv's biodiesel handbook
Development of next generation biodiesel technology : catalytic deoxygenation of renewables
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1998, 6 : The energy dilemma : the dominanse of fossil fuels
Phase equilibria of heavy oil systems in hydroprocesses : experiments and modeling
Studies on the reduction of nitrogen oxides emission in a large-bore diesel engine
Closed-loop exhaust gas scrubber onboard a merchant ship : technical, economical, environmental and operational viewpoints
Abstract: Utilization of bioenergy and biomass conversion.
An appraisal of UK energy research, development, demonstration & dissemination
Physical characterization of diesel soot particles
Oil and fuel dictionary
Effect of diethyl ether on the performance and emission of a 4 - S di diesel engine
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions - characterization and comparison to other combustion units
Optimized usage of NExBTL renewable diesel fuel : OPTIBIO
Hydrocarbon contaminated soils. Vol. 4, Perspectives, analysis, human health and risk assessment, remediation
Heavy Fuel Oil (HFO) is widely used to produce electricity with boiler plants or diesel power plants. Other common applications of heavy fuel oil are boilers and blast furnaces in industry. HFO is used also in the pulp and paper industry. Shipping is using one third of all HFO to power up typically larger marine vessels. Economical optimization in operations is one of today's trends in the industry; the price of used energy starts to be the major issue. Due to that, heavy fuel oil is still very appealing and competitive solution as a fuel. The problem with the HFO use is to ensure the correct treatment of it. The functions of the fuel oil treatment system are to clean fuel oil and supply it for engines at required pressure and viscosity. The system also ensures the correct fuel oil flow over the engines. The purpose of the thesis was to describe the system and to introduce one kind of treatment system. Wärtsilä Finland Training Services owns a fuel oil treatment system which is intended for medium-speed diesel engines, which use either heavy fuel oil or light fuel oil. The primary use of the system is to provide a safe training environment for Wärtsilä's own maintenance and operating personnel and also for customers from power plants and ship installations. The treatment system is a somewhat old and therefore the documentation of the system is insufficient. Due to this the use of the system for training purposes is difficult and unsafe. The main goal of the thesis is to create an updated system description, a speciation and an operating instruction for the system to improve the explained situation. As a result of the thesis, documentation of the system was created, which explains the operations of the HFO treatment system, processes and components. There are lots of different types of heavy fuel oil treatment systems in the field. The topic was limited to focus on the heavy fuel oil treatment system made for training purposes of Wärtsilä Training Services. The updated HFO treatment system description includes and explains all equipment placed in the current system. The PI diagram of the HFO treatment system is also now updated. This enables the safe use of the equipment. Generally this thesis project also increased awareness and knowledge of the fuel oil treatment system among the training department, which is beneficial for coming training courses in the future.
Facts on fossil fuels
Fuels and engines : technology, energy, environment
Drop size distributions in heavy fuel oil sprays
Diesel particulate emissions : measuremet techniques, fuel effects and control technology
Development of a dimethyl ether (DME)-fueled shuttle bus
Recommendations regarding fuel quality for diesel engines Conseil International des Machines à Combustion
Development of retrofit DME diesel engine operating with rotary distributor fuel injection pump
Refine : Neste Oil quarterly magazine
Determination of particulate and unburned hydrocarbon emissions from diesel engines fueled with biodiesel
Internal combustion : how corporations and governments addicted the world to oil and detrailed the alternatives
Particulate and NOx emissions in heavy fuel oil combustion
Biofuels for transport : global potential and implications for sustainable energy and agriculture
Production and technology of bio-diesel : seeding a change
Abstract: This study was commissioned by Ewals Cargo Care, which transports cargo with Mega trailers in Europe using a number of intermodal solutions to achieve cost-efficient transport for the needs of the customers. The main objective of this study was to determine the estimated sea freight rates increase in 2015 when the tighter sulphur directive will come into force. The objective was also to find out the current situation and the commercial value of the Baltic Sea as well as solutions for the ship-ping companies to respond to tighter sulphur directive.  The purpose of this study was to calculate the estimated increase of the sea freight rates in a few routes so that Ewals Cargo Care could prepare for possible rise in pric-es in the near future. The study was divided into theoretical and empirical part with equal proportions. Theory section introduces the commercial situation of the Baltic Sea, the sulphur directive and the structure of the shipping costs.  In the empirical analysis part the new freight rates were calculated, solutions for tighter suphur directive challenges was searched and two interviews were held with shipping companies which are in cooperation with Ewals Cargo Care. Interviews and calculations are also the part of the execution of the study which also is the major research process.  After the empirical part of the study results were reviewed and conclusions of the studied subject were presented. Frames of the interviews, tables of the current and new freight rates are attached in the end of the study.
Behaviour of a diesel injection system with biodiesel fuel
Biofuels and Bioenergy : processes and Technologies
Production of hydrocarbon-rich biofuels from extractives-derived materials
Compression ignition delay (physical + chemical) of dimethyl ether - an alternative fuel for compression-ignition engines
As feedstocks to refineries change, there must be an accompanying change in refinery technology. This means a movement from conventional means of refining heavy feedstocks using (typically) coking technologies to more innovative processes that will coax the last drips of liquid fuels from the feedstock. This book presents the evolution of refinery processes during the last century and as well as the means by which refinery processes will evolve during the next three-to-five decades. Chapters contain material relevant to (1) comparisons of current feedstocks with heavy oil and bio-feedstocks; (2) evolution of refineries since the 1950s, (3) properties and refinability of heavy oil and bio-feedstocks, (4) thermal processes vs. hydroprocesses, and (5) evolution of products to match the environmental market. Process innovations that have influenced refinery processing over the past three decades are presented, as well as the relevant patents that have the potential for incorporation into future refineries.-- back cover.
Recommendations regarding fuel requirements for diesel engines
The secret world of oil
Process description and specifictation for heavy fuel oil treatment system
Towards enhanced value of cruciferous oilseed crops by optimal production and use of the high quality seed components : proceedings of the 11th international rapeseed congress, Copenhagen, Denmark, 6.-10. July 2003
The phytotoxic effects and biodegradability of stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester
Abstracts of the 11th international rapeseed congress, Copenhagen, Denmark, 6.-10. July 2003 : Towards enhanced value of cruciferous oilseed crops by optimal production and use of the high quality seed components
Investment Climate of the Russian Federation and Its Petroleum Industry
The political economy of Russian oil
Handbook of fuels : energy sources for transportation
Engine oil tests
Synthesis of single and mixed metal oxides for VOCs oxidation
Future transport power sources : executive summary
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions : characterization and comparison to other combustion units
The environmental management of low-grade fuels
Environmental Effects of Gas Conversion : Engines of Power Plants
How sustainable biofuel business really is? : Today's issues on biofuel production
Sulphur directive impact on freight rates : case Ewals Cargo Care
Measurements and modeling of physical properties for oil and biomaterial refining
Biodiesel Power : The passion, the people, and  the politics of the next renewable fuel
Ghosts of crises past : comparing Japanese policy effectiveness in the 1970s oil crises and contemporary climate change
Fuel oil quality and combustion of fast pyrolysis bio-oils
The in vitro toxicological effects of particulate emissions from small- and medium-scale heating systems
Biodiesel : growing a new energy economy
The Biodiesel Handbook
In this groundbreaking book, John Urry shows how the twentieth century created a mirage of unlimited future growth that masked its limits. He considers the nature of an oil-dependent world facing energy descent and what lessons can ce learned from past energy-constrained societies. With no large-scale plan B to energize and mobilize societies, Urry assesses the likelihood of some very different futures for this century.
Alternative fuels guidebook : properties, storage, dispensing, and vehicle facility modifications
Standard test method for measuring of effects of automotive engine oils on fuel economy of passanger cars and light-duty trucks in sequence VIB spark ignition engine
Bacterial community dynamics and perennial crop growth in motor oil-contaminated soil in a boreal climate
Liquid biofuels : emergence, development and prospects
Vegetable oils and their derivatives as fuels for CI engines : an overview
Societies beyond oil : oil dregs and social futures
Potential of hydrogenated vegetable oil (HVO) in a modern diesel engine
Sustainability of palm oil production and opportunities for Finnish technology and know-how transfer
Handbook of alternative fuel technologies
Rapeseed today and tomorrow : proceedings of the ninth international rapeseed congress, 4 to 7 July 1995, Cambridge, United Kingdom
Biodiesel from high FFA oils : production and utilization
