http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5236 middle age
middle age
Thinking of you
The men in Bullfighting are each concerned with loss in different ways - of their place in their world, of power, virility, love - of the boom days and the Celtic Tiger. 'The stories, his memories, were wearing out' the narrator of the title story thinks, 'and there was nothing new replacing them.' The stories move from classrooms to graveyards, local pubs to bullrings; featuring an array of men at their working day and at rest, taking stock and reliving past glories. In the first, 'Recuperation', a man sets off for a prescribed walk around his neighbourhood, the sights triggering memories and recollections of his wife, his children, his younger days. In 'Animals', George remembers caring for his children's many pets, his efforts to spare them grief when they die or disappear, looking, in the eyes of his wife, like a hero, like 'your man from ER'. But now his kids are reared and he's unemployed, and he's slowly getting used to that. 'Suffer. Your man Krugman said, when he asked how Ireland should deal with the next ten years. Well, this is George, suffering.' Brilliantly observed, funny and moving, the stories in Bullfighting present a new vision of contemporary Ireland, of its woes and triumphs, and of the Irish middle-aged male confronting its new realities.
The life project : the extraordinary story of our ordinary lives
Bullfighting
Draws on new research to examine the brain's peak capacity in middle age, explaining how a growth of white matter and brain connectors enables improved judgment, cognitive function, and problem solving.
The Year of the Hare
Heart to heart : deepening women's friendships at midlife
Upstairs at the party
Man and boy
Bridget Jones : mad about the boy
A whopping big celebration of the work of the late, great Nora Ephron, America's funniest-- and most acute-- writer, famous for her brilliant takes on life as we've been living it these last forty years.
The invisible woman
You don't have to be good
Celebrity
The seasons of a man's life
The wooden sea
Cognitive functioning in midlife : assessment by Mild Deterioration Battery and CogniSpeedc
Problems of the middle-aged
The weird sisters
The single woman : a discursive investigation
The light of Amsterdam
The Botox diaries : a novel
The last time they met
Mid-life : a comic book
The pivot generation : informal care and work after fifty
Californication. The sixth season
I remember nothing and other reflections
The red book
Women of a certain age : the midlife search for self
Physical activity during middle age as a predictor of medication in old people
In her prime : new views of middle-aged women
Hearing impairment, coping and percieved handicap in middle aged individuals with acquired hearing loss : an interactional perspective
The great mid-life career switch : 15 important tips to help you change careers at half-time
P&O Cruises segments fleet in dynamic marketplace
The private lives of Pippa Lee
Fifty & fabulous! : the best years of a woman's life
The lonely polygamist : a novel
Smut : two unseemly stories
Rhyming life and death
That memory book : distractibility, forgetfulness and other unnerving high jinks of the middle-aged brain
Convergence of lifestyles and trends in the sex mortality ratio among the middle-aged in Finland
Ladder of years
The effects of risk factors on disability : a multistate analysis of the U.S. health and retirement study
What I know
Middle age : a natural history
The most of Nora Ephron
Second chance
The lay of the land
The Hot Flash Club strikes again : a novel
The assessment of biological age in man
Intermission : women, menopause and midlife
Journeys from childhood to midlife : risk, resilience, and recovery
Faith & fidelity
The wedding
Transformation : emergence of the self
Californication. The final season
Midlife loss : coping strategies
The accidental tourist
Sex over 40
The first bad man : a novel
Getting to happy
Quality of life. [2], The middle years
Here comes the boom
The joys of motherhood
The secret life of the grown-up brain : the surprising talents of the middle-aged mind
The year of the hare
The public confessions of a middle-aged woman aged 55 3/4
What does it mean to be a middle-aged woman, whether in tribal and peasant societies or in the industrialized world? Typically, according to contributors to this book, it means greater freedom, sometimes including greater sexual freedom, more authority, and opportunities for social recognition. A unique collection of articles about middle-aged women in different cultures around the world, this expanded and updated volume contains two new chapters.
Californication. The second season
The third age : six principles of growth and renewal after forty
Things your mother never told you
In your prime : older, wiser, happier
Searching for Tina Turner
The Dead Heart
Change in cognitive performance and its predictors in general population and schizophrenia in early midlife:the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966 Study
The hot flash club
Straight white male
Handbook of midlife development
Lisämateriaali: Audio commentaries on select episodes.
You will meet a tall dark stranger
Fury
Meaning in mid-life transition
Wife 22
The upright piano player : a novel
Midlife lesbian relationships : friends, lovers, children, and parents
Fit for birth and beyond : the guide for women over 35
Turning forty
Secret paths : women in the new midlife
The Unit : a novel
Falling sideways
Californication. The third season
One last thing before I go
Crossing to Avalon : a woman's midlife pilgrimage
Though written many years ago, this book is still relevant today. As a college teacher of Psychology, I assigned this book to students many times. A great many students told me they had purchased a copy for their mothers, who had found it both helpful and comforting. Lillian Rubin is an exceptional writer and Sociologist whose many books are based on interviews she conducted with many members of her subject population. She presents her material from both a scientific and personal perspective in a style which is readable and informative.
The mysterious flame of Queen Loana : an illustrated novel
Lesbians at midlife : the creative transition
The middle-aged women in the Middle Ages
