http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5240 financial management
financial management asset management
Multinational financial management : international student version
The disordered police state : German cameralism as science and practice
Corruption and managing the project cycle : the role of corrupt practices in NGO funding in Pakistan
Accounting for business studies
Financial management : principles and applications
Cash management behavior of firms and its structural change in an emerging money market
Business model analysis in asset management : the case JRS Finanzmandate Gmbh
Handbook of asset and liability management. Vol. 2, applications and case studies
Accounting and finance : an introduction
Fundamentals of financial management
Performance of active portfolio management and the effect of stock market trend
Risk and asset allocation
Cases in financial management
Quest for optimal working capital : The Case of FK RASZTER Building Inc.
Pension liability funding as a process
IT financial management : best practice
Corruption and managing the project cycle : the role of corrupt practices in NGO cooperation in Pakistan
Exchange-traded funds and the new dynamics of investing
Public administration after "New public management"
Hospitality financial management
"An examination of the transformation of asset management through the rise of passive or index investing"--
Stewards of the Gospel : reforming theological education
Global custody and clearing services
Financial management for farmers and rural managers
International corporate finance
Foundations of finance : the logic and practice of financial management
Corporate finance and investment : decisions and strategies
International business : the new realities
Case problems in finance
Oxford review of economic policy : winter 1991 : microeconomics of transition in Eastern Europe
Handbook of asset and liability management. Vol. 1, Theory and methodology
Benchmarking and comparing entrepreneurs with incomplete information
Asset management : a systematic approach to factor investing
Financial management for decision makers
Summary.
Flash boys : cracking the money code
Accounting : an introduction
Communication and sustainable development : selected papers from the 9th UN Roundtable on Communication for Development
Accounting control and controlling accounting : interdisciplinary and critical perspectives
China after WTO
Breaking through : building a world-class wealth management business
Wealth management : private banking, investment decisions and structured financial products
Accounting and financial management : developments in the international hospitality industry
Management accounting
Farm management : principles and strategies
Corporate transactions : roles, responsibilities and value-added of external financial advisors
Physical asset management
Young money : inside the hidden world of Wall Street's post-crash recruits
" In Exchange-Traded Funds and the New Dynamics of Investing, Ananth Madhavan examines the quiet transformation of asset management through the rise of passive or index investing. A closely-related phenomenon is the rise of exchange-traded funds (ETFs). An ETF is an investment vehicle that trades intraday and seeks to replicate the performance of a specific index. ETFs have grown substantially in size, diversity, and market significance in recent years. These trends have generated considerable interest, especially from retail and institutional investors and increasingly from academics, regulators and the press. ETFs have the power to be a disruptive innovation to today's asset management industry because many traditional active managers and hedge funds deliver a significant fraction of their active returns via static exposures to factors like value. Indeed, for the first time ever, assets in global ETFs exceeded $3 trillion in 2015, passing the amount in hedge funds. "--
Productization of knowledge intensive business services: case: Company Omega
Handbook : 1st international MaintWorld Congress : 22-23 March 2011, Helsinki
Successful individuals and families are hungry for trusted guidance that helps them achieve their most important financial goals and dreams. The financial advisors who step up to fill that role and provide that leadership are experiencing unprecedented levels of success. The goal of Breaking Through is to help you do the same: to do very well by your clients and, as a result, do very well for yourself. Authors John Bowen, Paul Brunswick and Jonathan Powell use rigorous empirical research to identify the best practices of the leading financial advisors in the industry—those who consistently earn the top incomes. They have taken this knowledge and distilled it into seven key strategies. These strategies have enabled many financial advisors to be successful on purpose and build the practices and lifestyles they have always wanted. Now Breaking Through provides these strategies to you. You will first discover how to build a thriving wealth management practice by focusing on the right affluent clients and then implementing a consultative process that will delight and keep those clients for life. You will then find out how to build on this foundation through systematic asset- and client-acquisition techniques, effective strategic alliances with other professional advisors and sound business management principles. This second edition updates much of the authors’ previous research with data drawn from studies conducted over the past several years. it also incorporates a large number of enhancements to the best practices and strategies we recommend - refinements drawn directly from our many of the nation’s top financial advisors. The second edition of Breaking Through also contains numerous links to online video resources in order to make the research and recommendations more accessible to more financial advisors.
Financial working capital : management and measurement
The value of debt : how to manage both sides of a balance sheet to maximize wealth
Cost accounting : principles and practice
Accounting : an introduction / Eddie McLaney and Peter Atrill
Cracking the code: understand and profit from the biotech revolution that will transform our lives and generate fortunes
Time-varying cross-asset correlations : empirical evidence and implications for portfolio management
Structured products in wealth management
