http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5252 becoming righteous
becoming righteous achieving righteousness
Justification in ecumenical dialogue : central aspects of Christian soteriology in debate
Divine grace and human agency : a study of the Semi-Pelagian controversy
Judgment & justification in early Judaism and the Apostle Paul
Joint Declaration on the Doctrine of Justification : a commentary by the Institute for Ecumenical Research, Strasbourg
The christological background of Luther's understanding of justification
The role of justification in contemporary theology
Rereading Paul together : Protestant and Catholic perspectives on justification
How do we continue? : the ecumenical commitments and possibilities of the Joint Declaration on the Doctrine of Justification
Justification : God's plan and Paul's vision
Justification : the imputation of Christ's righteousness from Reformation theology to the American great awakening and the Korean revivals
Martin Bucer's doctrine of justification : reformation theology and early modern irenicism
Justification : what's at stake in the current debates
Word - gift - being : justification - economy - ontology
The theology of John Fisher
Iustitia Dei : a history of the Christian doctrine of justification
Renewal theology. [2], Salvation, the Holy Spirit and Christian living
The reformation of faith in the context of late medieval theology and piety : essays by Berndt Hamm
What every Christian should know about being justified
Unitas visibilis : studia oecumenica in honorem Eero Huovinen, episcopi Helsingiensis
Systematic theology : biblical, historical, and evangelical. Volume 2
God's equal : what can we know about Jesus' self-understanding?
Understanding what one reads : New Testament essays
One with God : salvation as deification and justification
Justification and participation in Christ : the development of the Lutheran doctrine of justification from Luther to the Formula of concord (1580)
Union with Christ : the new interpretation of Luther
Lutheran and Catholic reconciliation on justification : a chronology of the Holy See's contributions, 1961-1999, to a new relationship between Lutherans and Catholics and to steps leading to the Joint declaration on the doctrine of justification
The Gospel of justification in Christ : where does the church stand today?
According to my righteousness : upright behaviour as grounds for deliverance in Psalms 7, 17, 18, 26 and 44
Accepted and renewed in Christ : the "Twofold Grace of God" and the interpretation of Calvin's theology
Our continuing journey : documentation from the 1998 meeting of the council of the Lutheran World Federation : June 8-17, 1998, Geneva, Switzerland
Life in the Spirit
Luther between present and past : studies in Luther and Lutheranism
Finney's systematic theology : lectures on classes of truths, moral government, the atonement, moral and physical depravity, natural, moral, and gracious ability, repentance, faith, justification, sanctification, election, divine sovereignty & perseverance of the saints
Augustine of Hippo and Martin Luther on original sin and justification of the sinner
Christification : a Lutheran approach to theosis
Reading salvation : word, worship and the mysteries
What St Paul really said
"By grace alone" in contexts of "self-cultivation" : an attempt at contextualizing the Lutheran doctrine of justification to Chinese contexts as influenced by New Confucianism
Justification in a post-Christian society
Erasmus in the footsteps of Paul : a Pauline theologian
Richard Hooker and his early doctrine of justification : a study of his Discourse of justification
Christian mission and a diakonia of reconciliation : a global reframing of justification and justice
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 86, Four anti-Pelagian writings : On nature and grace ; On proceedings of Pelagius ; On the predestination of the saints ; On the gift of preservance
The doctrine of justification : its representation and meaning today
Justification and the gospel : understanding the contexts and controversies
Much has been written of late about what the apostle Paul really meant when he spoke of justification by faith, not the works of the law. This short study by Stephen Westerholm carefully examines proposals on the subject by Krister Stendahl, E. P. Sanders, Heikki Räisänen, N. T. Wright, James D. G. Dunn, and Douglas A. Campbell. In doing so, Westerholm notes weaknesses in traditional understandings that have provoked the more recent proposals, but he also points out areas in which the latter fail to do justice to the apostle. Readers of this book will gain not only a better grasp of the ongoing theological debate about justification but also a more nuanced overall understanding of Paul. Review: Simon Gathercole-- University of Cambridge"Reading Stephen Westerholm's sketch of justification in Paul is a duty and a joy. This volume introduces the subject clearly and elegantly to students. But it also throws down the gauntlet to the New Perspectivists. How will they respond?"John M. G. Barclay-- Durham University "Every student wrestling with 'justification' will be grateful for this highly engaging book. Westerholm nimbly develops the mainstream interpretation, while critiquing popular current alternatives (including those by Campbell and Wright). Here is ready ammunition for an important continuing debate."R. Barry Matlock-- University of Tennessee at Chattanooga"Anything Stephen Westerholm writes on "justification by faith" is not just worth reading; it is essential reading. If you have been led to believe that Paul is only concerned with a Gentile problem, not a human problem; that 'justification' means 'belonging to the covenant'; that 'works of law' refers simply to 'boundary markers'; that 'justification theory' must be eliminated from Paul; then you have not been fully informed. And if being well informed on such things matters to you, then read this book."Douglas J. Moo-- Wheaton College"Justification Reconsidered is a valuable summary and extension of Stephen Westerholm's fresh and compelling arguments about Paul and Judaism in his Perspectives Old and New on Paul. This book engages with key biblical and theological issues in current interpretation of Paul and is marked by a refreshingly clear and forthright style."
Doctrine, dynamic and difference
Who do I say that you are? : anthropology and the theology of Theosis in the Finnish school of Tuomo Mannermaa
Limited and universal salvation : a text-oriented and hermeneutical study of two perspectives in Paul
Origen and the history of justification : the legacy of Origen's commentary on Romans
Justification and sanctification : in the traditions of the Reformation
This book breaks a significant impasse in much Pauline interpretation, pushing beyond both "Lutheran" and "New" perspectives on Paul to a non-contractual, "apocalyptic" reading of many of the apostle's most famous, and most troublesome, texts. His strongly antithetical vision identifies "participation in Christ" as the sole core of Pauline theology and produces the most radical rereading of Romans 1-4 for more than a generation. Even those who disagree will be forced to clarify their views as never before.
Justification reconsidered : rethinking a Pauline theme
The justification of God : lectures for war time on a Christian theodicy
The front-runner of the Catholic Reformation : the life and works of Johann von Staupitz
Justification : the article by which the Church stands for
Natural law, justification and justice - ethical and social ethical aspects of the unity of the church
Where to live : the hermeneutical significance of Paul's citations from Scripture in Galatians 3:1-14
Revisiting Paul's doctrine of justification : a challenge to the new perspective
Sacraments of freedom : ecumenical essays on creation and sacrament - justification and freedom
The righteousness of God : Luther studies
An analysis of the responses by the Lutheran churches to the joint declaration on the doctrine of justification
Two kinds of love : Martin Luther's religious world
Mark Husbands and Daniel J. Treier bring together notable evangelical scholars and teachers to address from biblical, historical, theological and ecumenical perspectives key questions that prevent complete unity between Roman Catholic and Protestant branches of the church and raise tensions even among Protestant denominations. Witnessing to certain signs of hope, these essays also acknowledge points of caution. But for every reader who is looking for guidance and orientation to this doctrine and current discussion, this book provides a wealth of charitable yet incisive insight. Key questions addressed include: does the doctrine of imputation of Christ's righteousness need to be rethought, or does it faithfully reflect biblical teaching; how should the faith and transformation of the believer be understood in connection with our justification; what is the connection between our union with Christ and justification; what can we learn from Lutheran, Wesleyan and Anglican perspectives on justification; what does the Lutheran-Catholic Joint Declaration of 1999 contribute to current ecumenical discussions, and what prospects are there for real theological and ecclesiological reconciliation?
One of the most divisive issues in Western Christianity since the Reformation is the question of how humans are justified by God. In 1999, after many decades of ecumenical dialogue, Lutherans and Roman Catholics have declared that this issue of justification by faith is no longer a cause of division between them. One of the fascinating features of this Joint Declaration on the Doctrine of Justification (JDDJ) is that it expresses a differentiated consensus on justification. The method of differentiated consensus is generally regarded as an important methodological step forward in the ecumenica.
Prayer of the publican : justification in the Desert Fathers
"Seeking to move beyond current heated debates on justification, this accessible introduction offers a fresh, alternative approach to a central theological topic. Michael Allen locates justification within the wider context of the gospel, allowing for more thoughtful engagement with the Bible, historical theology, and the life of the church. Allen considers some of the liveliest recent debates as well as some overlooked connections within the wider orbit of Christian theology. He provides a historically informed, ecumenically minded defense of orthodox theology, analyzing what must be maintained and what should be reconfigured from the vantage point of systematic theology. The book exemplifies the practice of theological interpretation of Scripture and demonstrates justification's relevance for ongoing issues of faith and practice" -- Publisher description.
Systematic theology : an introduction to biblical doctrine
Inhabiting the cruciform God : kenosis, justification, and theosis in Paul's narrative soteriology
Christ for us and Christ in us - mutually exclusive? : different aspects of justification in the early Lutheranism from the viewpoint of certainty of salvation
Justification by faith in Catholic-Protestant dialogue : an evangelical assessment
Paul and the new perspective : second thoughts on the origin of Paul's Gospel
Personal renewal or sanctification belongs to the heart of the Christian life and is becoming more important in our present-day culture. Listening to Scripture and in conversation with a variety of theologians from the protestant tradition, the author presents an up-to-date concept for a theology of personal renewal. In this concept the spiritual union with Christ unio mystica cum Christo is taken as the starting point in order to consider the way in which renewal obtains form in relation to God, our neighbour, ourselves and the world. To place this concept into a historical perspective, van Vlastuin begins his study with an investigation of Luther and Calvin's theology concerning the relationship between the union with Christ and personal renewal. The concept is developed within the current theological debate, with particular reference to the eschatological character of the Christian life. An important issue concerns the measure of renewal, especially in relation to the sinful heart of the believer. In this context the author also deals with the question of sanctification as a position or a process, and the relation between the two. In addition the relationship between the Holy Spirit and the human soul in the process of renewal is discussed. Another important issue concerns the abiding significance of the law and the way in which it functions in the Christian life. The exploration of several theological positions leads to a modern concept by which to understand law. The study concludes with an investigation of the relationship between the eschatological Christian life in this present life and the complete revelation of the eschaton.
Justification in the life of the church : a report from the Roman Catholic-Lutheran Dialogue Group for Sweden and Finland
Philemon in perspective : interpreting a Pauline letter
On being a disciple of the crucified Nazarene : unpublished lectures and sermons
The deliverance of God : an apocalyptic rereading of justification in Paul
Justification and the future of the ecumenical movement : the Joint declaration on the doctrine of justification
The law, the covenant and God's plan. Volume 2, Paul's treatment of the law and Israel in Romans
Martin Luther's Christology and ethics
Justification : the heart of the Christian faith : a theological study with an ecumenical purpose
Human freedom, Christian righteousness : Philip Melanchthon's exegetical dispute with Erasmus of Rotterdam
Be renewed : a theology of personal renewal
Engrafted into Christ : a critique of the Joint declaration
"In this book Sigurd Grindheim argues that Jesus implicitly claimed to be God's equal and that his claim to be God's son must be understood in this light. The argument unfolds through analysis of the gospel accounts regarding Jesus' claims to inaugurate the kingdom of God, his understanding of his miracles, his forgiveness of sins, his expectation to be the ultimate judge of all the world, his claim to speak with an authority that matches that of the Mosaic law, the absolute demands he made to his disciples, and his appropriation for himself of metaphors that in the Scriptures of Israel were exclusively used of YHWH. Furthermore Grindheim traces these claimes back to the Historical Jesus. Through a comprehensive examination of the primary sources, Grindheim argues that Jesus' claims go beyond the claims made on behalf of human and even angelic beings within Second Temple Judaism. Jesus presents himself in a role that in a Jewish context was reserved for YHWH." --Publisher's description.
Eschatology in Galatians : rethinking Paul's response to the crisis in Galatia
Harvesting Martin Luther's reflections on theology, ethics, and the church
Unbaptized God : the basic flaw in ecumenical theology
Justification in perspective : historical developments and contemporary challenges
Justification and variegated nomism. Volume 2, The paradoxes of Paul
Living by faith : justification and sanctification
In the end, the beginning : the life of hope
The doctrine of faith : a study of the Augsburg Confession and contemporary ecumenical documents
Pierced for our transgressions : rediscovering the glory of penal substitution
Justification in the world's context
Where is boasting? : early Jewish soteriology and Paul's response in Romans 1-5
Wesley, Aquinas, and christian perfection : an ecumenical dialogue
Fides Christi : the justification debate
Christ present in faith : Luther's view of justification
Luther and Staupitz : an essay in the intellectual origins of the Protestant reformation
The new perspective on Paul : collected essays
Justification by faith in the letters of Saint Paul : keys to interpretation
The ground of union : deification in Aquinas and Palamas
