http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5250 migratory birds
migratory birds
Baltic birds 5 : ecology, migration and protection of Baltic birds : proceedings of the fifth Conference on the Study and Conservation of Migratory Birds of the Baltic Basin, Riga, October 5-10, 1987
Current ornithology. Vol. 12
Wintering populations of lesser snow geese and Ross' geese in the Northern Highlands of México, 1988-1990
The flexible phenotype : a body-centred integration of ecology, physiology, and behaviour
RSPB birds: their hidden world
Avian migration : the role of geomagnetic cues
Migratory orientation and homing behaviour in thrushes (Turdus spp.)
Population ecology of raptors
Conceptual and statistical modelling of environmental effects in population dynamics
Colonies and numbers of Ross' geese and lesser snow geese in the Queen Maud Gulf Migratory Bird Sanctuary
Notes on some southern bird species found in the vicinity of Kevo in Utsjoki, Finnish Lapland
Bird migration
The Palaearctic-African bird migration systems
An excellent review on bird migration
Using first arrival dates to infer bird migration phenology
Current ornithology. Vol. 7
Calvin can't fly : the story of a bookworm birdie
Establishing conservation management for avian threatened species
Snipes of the Western Palearctic : common snipe - Gallinago gallinago, Jack snipe - Lymnocryptes minimus, great snipe - Gallinago media
Lintujen muutto = Bird migrations : Mar-Jun
Key migratory bird terrestrial habitat sites in the Northwest Territories
Bird orientation : external cues and ecological factors
Biodiversity in golf courses and its contribution to the diversity of open green spaces in an urban setting
Survey on arctic bird migration and congregations in the White Sea, autumn 1999
Survival : saving endangered migratory species
Heterospecific attraction in breeding bird communities : implications to habitat selection and species interactions in a landscape perspective
The origin of lapwings Vanellus vanellus and golden plovers Pluvialis apricaria wintering in Portugal
Bird migration : a general survey
Earthflight
Essential ornithology
Nocturnal migration of thrushes in the Eastern Baltic region : a monograph
Snipes of the eastern Baltic region and Belarus
Living on the edge : wetlands and birds in a changing Sahel
Conservation of Lesser White-fronted Goose on the European migration route : final report of the EU Life-Nature project 2005-2009
International single species action plant for the conservation of the great snipe Gallinago media : agreement of the conservation of African-Eurasian migratory waterbirds
Magnetic orientation in migratory birds
Breeding habitat selection and its consequences in boreal passerines : using the spatial dispersion of predators and heterospecifics as a source of information
Songbird demography : demographic structure, survival rates, and population dynamics of songbirds with particular reference to the birds of the Eastern Baltic
Avian biology. 6
Trap response of Wood Sandpipers Tringa glareola
The spring arrival and breeding phenology of the whooper swan, Cygnus c. cygnus, in Finland
Avian navigation : pigeon homing as a paradigm
Global overview of the conservation of migratory Arctic breeding birds outside the Arctic
Time use, foraging behavior and microhabitat use in a temporary guild of spring-staging dabbling ducks (Anas spp.)
The migration ecology of birds
The impacts of temperature on the long-term variation in migration and breeding performance of birds
Bird migration : physiology and ecophysiology
Raptor watch : a global directory of raptor migration sites
Survey of springtime Arctic bird migration in Vyborg in 1988-2008 and in Kurortny District in 1992-2001
Do long-distance migrants use temperature variations along the migration route in Europe to adjust the timing of their spring arrival?
Abstract: The time and duration of the postnuptial moult in 11 passerine species in Finnish Lapland in 1970 is reported. The relationship between breeding, moulting, and migration is discussed. Partial overlap between breeding and the moult was observed, but not between the moult and migration.
Current ornithology. Vol. 10
Fuel and fly: adaptations to endurance exercise in migrating birds
Shorebird migration and staging at a large prairie lake and wetland complex : the Quill Lakes, Saskatchewan
Factors influencing the spring arrival of the Brambling, Fringilla montifringilla, in northern Finland
On the importance of farmlands as stopover habitat for migrating birds
First evidence of phenological change in a transcontinental migrant overwintering in the Indian sub-continent : the red-breasted flycatcher Fidecula parva
Current ornithology. Vol. 9
Say goodbye to the cuckoo : migratory birds and the impending ecological catastrophe
Current ornithology. Vol. 6
Adaptive flexibility in migratory behaviour of shorebirds
Atlas of Nearctic shorebirds on the coast of Mexico
Survey of arctic bird migration and staging areas at the White Sea, in the autumns of 1999 and 2004
Lagoons, estuaries and deltas : boundaries between the sea and rivers
Climate change effects on avian migration
Bird migration and global change
Cranes : where, when and why? : [a guide book for visitors in European crane areas and ideas how to manage cranes in an agricultural environment]
Birds of the Keweenaw Peninsula, Michigan
Differential migration in raptors
Male sex bias in eiders Somateria mollissima during spring migration into the Gulf of Finland
Swallows and spiders : two stories in one
Different migration strategies used by two inland wader species during autumn migration, case of Wood Sandpiper Tringa glareola and Common Snipe Gallinago gallinago
CAFF Workshop on Conservation of Migratory Arctic Birds, Songli, Norway, 10-11 September 2000 : summary report
Bird ecology and conservation : a handbook of techniques
The changing birdscape of wetlands
Summer schedule of some subarctic passerine birds with reference to postnuptial moult
Wild goose dilemmas : population consequences of individual decisions in barnacle geese
Flight and migration strategies of birds at polar latitudes
Gatherings of angels : migrating birds and their ecology
"Essential Ornithology provides the reader with a concise but comprehensive introduction to the biology of birds, one of the most widely studied taxonomic groups. The book starts with the controversial question of the dinosaur origins of birds and their subsequent evolution. Development, anatomy, and physiology are then discussed followed by chapters devoted to avian reproduction, migration, ecology, and conservation. Sections dealing with aspects of bird/human relationships and bird conservation give the book an applied context. Drawing extensively upon the wider scientific literature, this engaging text places the results of classical studies of avian biology alongside the most recent scientific breakthroughs. Useful case studies are presented in a concise and engaging style with the student reader foremost in mind. Key points are highlighted and suggestions for guided reading and key references are included throughout"--
Migration : the biology of life on the move
Materials of the conference on the study and conservation of Migratory Birds of the Baltic Basin, Tallinn, 9-13 October 1974
Bird navigation
Survival : Saving endangered migratory species
Migratory shore and upland game bird management in North America
Feathers in Finland's cap
Diagnostics and epidemiology of Yersinia pseudotuberculosis
Birds and climate change
Grandmother's pigeon
International single species action plan for the conservation of the sociable lapwing Vanellus gregarius : agreement on the conservation of African-Eurasian migratory waterbirds
International single species action plan for the conservation of the black-winged pratincole Glareola nordmanni : agreement on the conservation of African-Eurasian migratory waterbirds
Migration and survival of the birds of Asia
The migration atlas : movements of the birds of Britain and Ireland
Does arrival date influence autumn departure of the white stork Ciconina ciconia?
Wetlands in Africa and Europe : the Ramsar Convention: a true concern for OMPO
Spring migration in the western Mediterranean and NW Africa : the results of 16 years of the Piccole Isole project
Current ornithology. Vol. 11
Bird migration in relation to wind and topography
Studies in bird migration : being the collected papers of H. Chr. C. Mortensen 1856-1921
Migrant birds in the neotropics:. ecology, behvior, distribution, and conservation
Stopover ecology of Nearctic-Neotropical landbird migrants : habitat relations and conservation implications
Land cover mapping of Queen Maud Gulf Migratory Bird Sanctuary, Nunavut
Shorebird ecology, conservation, and management
Bird migrations : ecological and physiological factors
Hawks at a distance : identification of migrant raptors
On the role of migration for the distribution of arctic birds : a circumpolar perspective
Migration hotspots : the world's best bird migration sites
There and back again : nocturnal migratory behaviour of birds during spring and autumn
Interspecific social information in habitat choice
Key marine habitat sites for migratory birds in Nunavut and the Northwest Territories
Age-related stopover strategies in the wood sandpiper Tringa glareola
Behavior of marine animals : current perspectives in research. Vol. 6, Shorebirds : migration and foraging behavior
Fluctuating asymmetry and autumn migration in Willow Warbler Phylloscopus trochilus L.
Follow the swallow
