http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5254 atonement (religion)
atonement (religion)
The atonement
Katallassō in ancient Greek literature, with reference to the Pauline writings
Theology through the theologians : selected essays, 1972-1995
Barth, Israel, and Jesus : Karl Barth's theology of Israel
Performing Israel's faith : narrative and law in rabbinic theology
Forgiveness, reconciliation, and moral courage : motives and designs for ministry in a troubled world
Terry Pratchett's Small gods : a Discworld graphic novel
Christ and reconciliation
Grace, reconciliation, concord : the death of Christ in Graeco-Roman metaphors
Forgiveness in context : theology and psychology in creative dialogue
The self-donation of God : a contemporary Lutheran approach to Christ and His benefits
The risen Lord : the Jesus of history as the Christ of faith
Blessing the world : ritual and lay piety in medieval religion
The cross of Christ
Atonements in the ancient ritual of the Jaina monks
Classical Christianity and Rabbinic Judaism : comparing theologies
In The Self-Donation of God, Jack Kilcrease argues that the speech-act of promise is always an act of self-donation. A person who unilaterally promises to another is bound to take a particular series of actions to fulfill that promise. Being that creation is grounded in God's promising speech, the divine-human relationship is fundamentally one of divine self-donation and human receptivity. Sin disrupts this relationship and therefore redemption is constituted by a reassertion of divine promise of salvation in the face of the condemnation of the law (Gen 3:15). As a new and effective word of grace, the promise of a savior begins the process of redemption within which God speaks forth a new narrative of creation. In this new narrative, God gives himself in an even deeper manner to humanity. By donating himself through a promise, first to the protological humanity and then to Israel, he binds himself to them. At the end of this history of self-binding, God in Christ enters into the condemnation of the law, neutralizes it in the cross, and brings about a new creation through his omnipotent word of promise actualized in the resurrection.
Exclusion and embrace : a theological exploration of identity, otherness, and reconciliation
The reconciled life : a critical theory of counseling
The doctrine of the atonement
Atonement and the logic of resurrection in the Epistle to the Hebrews
Barth on the descent into hell : God, atonement, and the Christian life
The background and content of Paul's cultic atonement metaphors
Participating in God's mission of reconciliation : a resource for churches in situations of conflict : a faith and order study document
Peace and reconciliation : in search of shared identity
The nonviolent God
Jesus Christ : Savior & Lord
The journey toward reconciliation
God the Father, God the Son
Augustine of Hippo and Martin Luther on original sin and justification of the sinner
"By grace you have been saved" : Bible studies on healing and reconciliation
"This bold new statement on the nonviolence of God challenges long-standing assumptions of divine violence in atonement theology, the violent God pictured in the Old Testament, and the supposed violence of God in Revelation. J. Denny Weaver argues that since God is supremely revealed in Jesus, the nonviolence of Jesus most truly reflects the character of God. According to Weaver, the way Christians live--Christian ethics--is an ongoing expression of theology. Consequently, he sets forth positive images of the reign of God made visible in the narrative of Jesus--nonviolent practice, forgiveness and restorative justics, standing up against racism and sexism--to help Christians more faithfully display God's shalom in our violent world." -- back cover.
The dark side of humanity : the work of Robert Hertz and its legacy
On the tree of the cross : Georges Florovsky and the patristic doctrine of atonement
Flannery O'Connor's religion of the grotesque
Punishment, atonement and merit in modern philosophy of religion
Grace and agency in Paul and Second Temple Judaism : interpreting the transformation of the heart
The book of forgiving : the fourfold path for healing ourselves and our world
The Cambridge companion to Anselm
Determined to overreach his humanity and assert his untrammelled individual will, Raskolnikov, an impoverished student living in the St. Petersburg of the Tsars, commits an act of murder and theft and sets into motion a story which, for its excrutiating suspense, its atmospheric vividness, and its profundity of characterization and vision, is almost unequaled in the literatures of the world. The best known of Dostoevsky's masterpieces, Crime and Punishment can bear any amount of rereading without losing a drop of its power over our imagination.
Crime and punishment
The collected works of Georges Florovsky. Vol. 3, Creation and redemption
Hasidism on the margin : reconciliation, antinomianism and messianism in Izbica and Radzin hasidism
Sound the great shofar : essays on the imminence of the redemption : adapted from addresses of the Lubavitcher rebbe, rabbi Menachem M. Schneerson
Sacrifice unveiled : true meaning of Christian sacrifice
Reconciliation : restoring justice
Renewal theology. [1], God, the world & redemption
Entering the kingdom of heaven : a study on the structure of Matthew's view of salvation
Jesus, the tribulation, and the end of the exile : restoration eschatology and the origin of the atonement
Revelation and reconciliation : a window on modernity
Following recent intertextual studies, Kyle B. Wells examines how descriptions of 'heart-transformation' in Deut 30, Jer 31–32 and Ezek 36 informed Paul and his contemporaries' articulations about grace and agency. Beyond advancing our understanding of how these restoration narratives were interpreted in the LXX, the Dead Sea Literature, Baruch, Jubilees, 2 Baruch, 4 Ezra, and Philo, Wells demonstrates that while most Jews in this period did not set divine and human agency in competition with one another, their constructions differed markedly and this would have contributed to vehement disagreements among them. While not sui generis in every respect, Paul's own convictions about grace and agency appear radical due to the way he reconfigures these concepts in relation to Christ.
Union with Christ : the new interpretation of Luther
