http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5255 salvation
salvation
The touch of the sacred : the practice, theology, and tradition of Christian worship
Salvation today : Bangkok 29th December 1972 - 8th January 1973.
Blade of the immortal. Vol. 26, Blizzard
On the perfection of anatomy
Theology : the basic readings
Deification and Ethics: a Comparative Religio-Historical Investigation of Paul on the Aim and Methods of the Salvation in Christ
Recounts the life of Balto, the sled dog who braved a snowstorm to deliver medicine to Nome, Alaska, during a 1925 diphtheria epidemic.
Spec ops : the line : PlayStation 3
Blade of the immortal. Vol.25, Snowfall at dawn
Preservation in Disaster Situations: a case study of the Valvilla Wool Mill Museum, Finland
Universal salvation? : the current debate
The principle of mercy : taking the crucified people from the cross
Mercy burns
Salvation in the New Testament : perspectives on soteriology
King, priest, and prophet : a Trinitarian theology of atonement
From death to rebirth : ritual and conversion in antiquity
Father, Son, and Holy Spirit : essays toward a fully trinitarian theology
Balthasar Hubmaier's doctrine of salvation in dynamic and relational perspective
The time of salvation : an analysis of 4QApocryphon of Daniel ar (4Q246), 4QMessianic Apocalypse (4Q521 2), and 4QTime of Righteousness (4Q215a)
God of salvation : soteriology in theological perspective
Selfhood and redemption in Blake's Songs
Holy Spirit and salvation : the sources of Christian theology
In Physicalist Soteriology in Hilary of Poitiers, Ellen Scully presents Hilary as a representative of the "mystical" or "physical" trajectory of patristic soteriology and outlines the theological ramifications of Hilary's conviction that all humans are contained in Christ's incarnate body.
Elephant white
Beasts
Philosophy and salvation in Greek religion
Zac Power, super-spy, has just parachuted onto the most dangerous island in the world. He's tracking a mad scientist in a jungle full of quicksand, piranhas, and poison dart frogs. No sweat! Until Zac's geeky older brother gets kidnapped. Now, Zac only has 24 hours to stop Dr. Drastic...or watch his brother get fed to a volcano!
Red country
The power of saving wisdom : an investigation of spirit and wisdom in relation to the soteriology of the fourth gospel
Mirror of the soul
The biblical world. Vol. 2
Salvation : God's gift to you
Personal renewal or sanctification belongs to the heart of the Christian life and is becoming more important in our present-day culture. Listening to Scripture and in conversation with a variety of theologians from the protestant tradition, the author presents an up-to-date concept for a theology of personal renewal. In this concept the spiritual union with Christ unio mystica cum Christo is taken as the starting point in order to consider the way in which renewal obtains form in relation to God, our neighbour, ourselves and the world. To place this concept into a historical perspective, van Vlastuin begins his study with an investigation of Luther and Calvin's theology concerning the relationship between the union with Christ and personal renewal. The concept is developed within the current theological debate, with particular reference to the eschatological character of the Christian life. An important issue concerns the measure of renewal, especially in relation to the sinful heart of the believer. In this context the author also deals with the question of sanctification as a position or a process, and the relation between the two. In addition the relationship between the Holy Spirit and the human soul in the process of renewal is discussed. Another important issue concerns the abiding significance of the law and the way in which it functions in the Christian life. The exploration of several theological positions leads to a modern concept by which to understand law. The study concludes with an investigation of the relationship between the eschatological Christian life in this present life and the complete revelation of the eschaton.
The triumph of grace in the theology of Karl Barth
The Mormon culture of salvation : force, grace, and glory
The oracle of Stamboul
Universalism : the prevailing doctrine of the Christian church during its first five hundred years : with authorities and extracts
Righteousness of one : an evaluation of early patristic soteriology in light of the new perspective on Paul
The dream hunter
Passion and paradise : human and divine emotion in the thought of Gregory of Nyssa
Man and his destiny in the great religions
Cry of the worm
Confronting Confucian understandings of the Christian Doctrine of Salvation : a systematic theological analysis of the basic problems in the Confucian-Christian dialogue
Based on his letters antl sermons, A twofold solidarity offers a wideranging survey of the theology of fifth-century pope Saint Leo the Great. In addition to shedding new light on the familiar topics of christology ancl ecclesiology, the author follows less well-worn paths in order to explor Leo's spiritual, pastoral, and social theology, and outlines his vision of the way in which the mysteries of salvationhistory continue to impact ou the Christian community. At centre stage is the insight that the one who is "consubstantial" with God the Father has become "consubstantial" with human beings, and it emerges that this "double consubstantiality", or "twofold solidarity", informs each and every aspect of Leo's preaching.
Flat Stanley And The Fire Station : The Fire Station
Blade of the immortal. Vol. 21, Demon Lair II
Covet : a novel of the Fallen Angels
Renovation of the heart : putting on the character of Christ
Horror house : 24 hours to save the world ... and replace the light bulbs
The paradox of salvation : Luke's theology of the cross
Poison island : 24 hours to save the world ... and walk the dog
Ambiguity of performance management in the fire safety policy of Finland
Blue remembered Earth
Luke-Acts: angels, christology and soteriology
The gathering. 2
This book aims to explore the meaning of salvation in Balthasar Hubmaier's theology. Previous research has tended to explain and evaluate his theology by locating his identity among contemporary Anabaptists. Moreover, Hubmaier's theology has been variously labeled as Catholic Anabaptist, Magisterial Anabaptist, or as a bridge between the Radical and Magisterial branches of the Reformation. These approaches to Hubmaier's theology essentially depend on a static and transactional perspective where the result comes from the cause. Such an approach cannot fully explain the distinctive features of Hubmaier's theology, because his theology had multiple rather than single influences. To understand Hubmaier's theology, we need to focus on his motive and purpose in writing rather than external influences. This volume attempts to explore a new understanding of Hubmaier's theology reflecting a necessary change in our paradigmatic methodologies. This fresh perspective helps us see that Hubmaier's theology was not static and transactional but dynamic and relational. As Hubmaier's main purpose was to give readers a proper understanding of soteriology, his writings were written from this perspective, concentrating on salvation. This volume aims to enable the reader to access this unique understanding of soteriology by examining his primary texts in three categories: free will, baptism, and the Lord's Supper. To understand Hubmaier's theology through a new methodology leads us to rethink the meaning of salvation.
From darkness to light : the concept of salvation in the perspectives of Thomas Aquinas and Śankara
Salvation and sanctification according to Luther
The patristic doctrine of redemption : a study of the development of doctrine during the first five centuries
River road
Patristic universalism : an alternative to the traditional view of divine judgment
All over the world Christian communities meet on Sunday morning for worship. But what really happens during a worship service? How do worshipers participate in the service? What does it mean to sing, pray, and celebrate the Lord's Supper together? What do worshipers do when they listen to a sermon? In The Touch of the Sacred Gerrit Immink offers thoughtful theological reflection on the religious practice of worship services in the Protestant tradition. He develops a theology of worship with a clear focus on the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ as he explores the meaning of worship, the mystery of Christ, the sacraments, prayer, and preaching. Ultimately, he says, something dynamic happens when a church congregation speaks and acts: it is touched by the sacred, by a very encounter with the living God.
Blade of the immortal. Vol. 23, Scarlet swords
The surrendered
The great fire dogs
Types of redemption : contributions to the theme of the study-conference held at Jerusalem 14th to 19th July 1968
Calvin, participation, and the gift : the activity of believers in union with Christ
The biblical world. Vol. 1
Spec ops : the line : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
What about other faiths?
Upon the midnight clear
Eve : the burning life
The covenant of redemption (pactum salutis), the eternal intra-trinitarian covenant, was a common staple within Early Modern Reformed theology, yet there are very few historical works that examine this doctrine. J. V. Fesko's study, The Covenant of Redemption: Origins, Development, and Reception, seeks to address this lacuna. In the contemporary period the covenant of redemption has been derided as speculative, mythological, a declension from trinitarianism, or erroneously derived from one or two biblical proof-texts. Yet seldom have critics carefully engaged the primary sources to examine the different formulations, supporting exegesis, and ways in which the doctrine was employed. Far from speculation, sub-trinitarian, or a cold business transaction, proponents of the covenant of redemption constructed this doctrine based upon a web of interconnected biblical texts and were very sensitive to maintaining a robust doctrine of the trinity, as they employed this doctrine as a bulwark against the anti-trinitarian claims of Socinian theologians. Proponents of the doctrine also saw this pre-temporal covenant as the embodiment of intra-trinitarian love that overflows unto those chosen in Christ for their salvation and ultimate fellowship with the triune God.J ohn V. Fesko explores the historical origins of the doctrine and then surveys its development in the seventeenth- through nineteenth-centuries, examining key advocates of the doctrine including, David Dickson, Herman Witsius, Johannes Cocceius, Francis Turretin, Patrick Gillespie, John Gill, Jonathan Edwards, Charles Hodge, and A. A. Hodge. He then examines the contemporary reception of the doctrine in the twentieth century with a survey of the doctrine's critics, including Karl Barth, Herman Hoeksema, Klaas Schilder, and John Murray. After exploring the claims of the critics, the study moves to examine the views of twentieth-century proponents, including Geerhardus Vos, Herman Bavinck, Abraham Kuyper, Louis Berkhof, and G. C. Berkouwer.
Universal salvation in late antiquity : Porphyry of Tyre and the pagan-Christian debate
Deliver us from evil : studies on the Vedic ideas of salvation
The pilgrim's progress
Participation in God : a forgotten strand in Anglican tradition
Fifteen-year-old Neryn is alone in the land of Alban, where the oppressive king has ordered anyone with magical strengths captured, but when she sets out for Shadowfell, a training ground for a rebel group, she meets a mysterious soldier and the Good Folk, who tell her that she, alone, can save Alban.
Close Range
Christ in our place : the substitutionary character of Calvin's doctrine of reconciliation
The gathering
Trees for the Okapis
Fellow workers with God : Orthodox thinking on theosis
Envy
The atonement
The bravest dog ever : the true story of Balto
Towards an alternative to New Testament theology : different 'paths to salvation'
Dream chaser
Sparrow net
Limited and universal salvation : a text-oriented and hermeneutical study of two perspectives in Paul
What St Paul really said
This book is written as a resource for scholars and students of Anabaptism and Hubmaier studies. Balthasar Hubmaier understood the church to be a visible assembly of regenerated baptized saints, who both memorized Christ's suffering on the cross in the ordinance of the Lord's Supper, and who participated in that suffering as a church under the cross. Hubmaier's doctrine of the church seems to have many parallels both in medieval and sixteenth-century Anabaptist ecclesiology; but it cannot be solidly placed in either category. -- Review: Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies
Blade of the immortal. Vol. 20, Demon Lair
Tiberius to the rescue
Craving and salvation : a study in Buddhist soteriology
The common experience
Sin and salvation in the world religions : a short introduction
By the same word : creation and salvation in Hellenistic Judaism and early Christianity
Dante's lyric redemption : eros, salvation, vernacular tradition
Redemption and resistance : the Messianic hopes of Jews and Christians in Antiquity
100 most dangerous things on the planet
The snow queen
White water : safety and rescue
A twofold solidarity : Leo the Great's theology of redemption
The redemption : an interdisciplinary symposium on Christ as Redeemer
Reading salvation : word, worship and the mysteries
Blade of the immortal. Volume 24, Massacre
Liberated by God's grace : 2017 - 500 years of reformation
Shortcut
In this volume New Zealand theologian Rosalene Bradbury throws light on these-surprisingly contentious-questions. She argues convincingly that tethered to the tradition that gave rise to it, the term theologia crucis references a theological system centered around notions of false and true glory, and an ancient conviction that from the cross of Jesus Christ comes a revelatory and a saving Word. The apostle Paul, Athanasius, a school of medieval mystics, and the Reformer Martin Luther, are all shown to be significant classical representatives of these ideas. Bradbury then argues that seminal twentieth-century theologian Karl Barth exhibits many of the classical crucicentric system's defining characteristics, so that he himself might fairly be deemed a modern theologian of the cross. Until now Barth's pivotal role in this long, thin, crucicentric tradition has been unsung. This book thus sheds important new light on Barth's theology.
The monarch : a thriller
Balthasar Hubmaier's doctrine of the Church
Briarpatch
Autumn frost
Self and salvation : being transformed
Close range
Christ without absolutes : a study of the christology of Ernst Troeltsch
Love wins : a book about heaven, hell, and the fate of every perrson who ever lived
SME internationalization : mass casualty rescue un UK air safety
Management of major accidents : Communication challenges and solutions in the preparedness and response phases for both authorities and companies
Blade of the immortal. Vol. 22, Footsteps
Be renewed : a theology of personal renewal
I found God's kingdom
Death and salvation in ancient Egypt
Saving Bletchley Park
Liberated by God's grace
Salvation for all : God's other peoples
Life in the Son
The silvered
The story of the Dover lifeboats : Dover lifeboat "City of London II"
Cross theology : the classical theologia Crucis and Karl Barth's modern theology of the cross
Slavery as salvation : the metaphor of slavery in Pauline Christianity
Free skiing : how to adapt to the mountain
Burned : a house of night novel : book seven of the house of night series
The covenant of redemption : origins, development, and reception
Poison Island : 24 hours to save the world ... and walk the dog
Flat Stanley : the fire station
Trouble In Zombie-Town
The beasts of Clawstone Castle
Christian hope and the liberation of man
Blade of the immortal. Vol. 27, Mist on the spider's web
Dreamsong
Palace of the damned
Survival at sea ; the lifeboat and liferaft
My friend Jesus Christ
City of glass
Four views on the role of works at the final judgment
Heart of darkness
After the fall : resurrecting your life from shame, disgrace, and guilt
Physicalist soteriology in Hilary of Poitiers
The meanwhile adventures
Introduction to Middle Missouri archeology
Barth, origen, and universal salvation : restoring particularity
Salvations : truth and difference in religion
Entering the kingdom of heaven : a study on the structure of Matthew's view of salvation
Baptism and the new life : a study of Romans 6.1-14
Salvation to the ends of the earth : a biblical theology of mission
Man and his salvation : studies in memory of S. G. F. Brandon
Confronting Confucian understandings of the Christian doctrine of salvation : a systematic theological analysis of the basic problems in the Confucian-Christian dialogue
