http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5253 forgiveness
forgiveness
Sorry
Pictures of you
Pioneering investigation of the royal pardon, at a time of major change in the system of English justice, showing the important part it continued to play.
Enduring injustice
A poetics of forgiveness : cultural responses to loss and wrongdoing
Hard feelings : the moral psychology of contempt
The ethics of forgiveness : a collection of essays
Resentment's virtue : Jean Améry and the refusal to forgive
Unapologetic apologetics : meeting the challenges of theological studies
The politics of official apologies
The night that changed everything
"Discusses the moral and metaphysical philosophy of Vladimir Jankélévitch, his reflections on the conditions for forgiveness, especially in light of the Shoah, and the temporality of forgiveness in its relation to creation, history, and memory"--
Forgiveness in the wake of severe violence : experiences of victims who engaged in facilitated victim-offender dialogue and forgave their transgressors
Arthur and the meanies
"The Gospels record that Jesus purported to forgive sins. What significance would such a claim have had for his contemporaries and what would the implications have been for his identity as a first-century popular prophet? Tobias Ha;gerland answers these questions and more as he investigates the forgiveness of sins in the mission of the historical Jesus. The Gospels are interpreted within the context of first-century Judaism as part of a broader reconstruction of Jesus' career as a healer and prophet, and rhetorical criticism is introduced as a tool for explaining how the gospel tradition about Jesus and forgiveness developed. Ha;gerland combines detailed exegesis and rigorous methodology with a holistic view of the historical Jesus, evaluating recent scholarship about first-century Jewish prophets and utilizing previously neglected textual evidence to present a thorough investigation of the theology of forgiveness in early Judaism and primitive Christianity"--Provided by publisher.
The essence of teshuvah : a path to repentance
The return of the prodigal son : a story of homecoming
Chasing forgiveness : a novel
Restoring the fallen : a team approach to caring, confronting & reconciling
Forgiveness according to Robert Enright
The art of forgiveness : theological reflections on healing and reconciliation
The super scooter
Conflict
Life during wartime
Retribution, repentance, and reconciliation : papers read at the 2002 Summer Meeting and the 2003 Winter Meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
Wounds not healed by time : the power of repentance and forgiveness
The art of forgiving
Forgiveness, reconciliation, and moral courage : motives and designs for ministry in a troubled world
The prodigal wife
When blood and bones cry out : journeys through the soundscape of healing and reconciliation
Before forgiveness : the origins of a moral idea
The blasphemer
The forgiving self : the road from resentment to connection
Communicating forgiveness
A thousand pardons
The beach house
Great unexpected
Paul and the rhetoric of reconciliation : an exegetical investigation of the language and composition of 1 Corinthians
Taking wrongs seriously : apologies and reconciliation
I am writing you down here on earth
Forgiveness : theory, research, and practice
Sister's choice
The song collector
Forgiveness and other acts of love
Getting even : forgiveness and its limits
Sin and forgiveness : new responses in a changing world
Forgiveness and love
Before forgiving : cautionary views of forgiveness in psychotherapy
The broken kingdoms
The givenness of things : essays
Becoming Wise : An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living
Tiny Buddha's guide to loving yourself : 40 ways to transform your inner critic and your life
Germany's second chance : trust, justice, and democratization
Memory, narrativity, self and the challenge to think God : the reception within theology of the recent work of Paul Ricœur
The Book of Forgiving : the fourfold path for healing ourselves and our world
Forgiveness in a wounded world : Jonah's dilemma
Concluding unscientific postscript to the Philosophical crumbs
Debt relief for the poorest countries
Forgiveness : 21 days to forgive everyone for everything
On forgiveness : how can we forgive the unforgivable
Not "just friends" : rebuilding trust and recovering your sanity after infidelity
"In this book, twelve eminent scholars of classical antiquity and ancient and medieval Judaism and Christianity explore the nature and place of forgiveness in the pre-modern Western world. They discuss whether the concept of forgiveness, as it is often understood today, was absent, or at all events more restricted in scope than has been commonly supposed, and what related ideas (such as clemency or reconciliation) may have taken the place of forgiveness. An introductory chapter reviews the conceptual territory of forgiveness and illuminates the potential breadth of the idea, enumerating the important questions a theory of the subject should explore. The following chapters examine forgiveness in the contexts of classical Greece and Rome; the Hebrew Bible, the Talmud, and Moses Maimonides; and the New Testament, the Church Fathers, and Thomas Aquinas"--
Horrible bear!
In the company of angels
Forgiveness and Christian ethics
Kings of the water
Emily on poissa = The crossing guard
The note
The crying tree
Beyond revenge : the evolution of the forgiveness instinct
Handbook of forgiveness
Reason in the balance : the case against naturalism in science, law & education
Speaker for the dead
Total forgiveness : achieving God's greatest challenge
One hundred days of happiness
Forgiveness is a choice : a step-by-step process for resolving anger and restoring hope
Forgiving the unforgivable
God and the gift : an ecumenical theology of giving
Kierkegaard's Concluding Unscientific Postscript is a classic of existential literature. It concludes the first and richest phase of Kierkegaard's pseudonymous authorship and is the text that philosophers look to first when attempting to define Kierkegaard's own philosophy. Familiar Kierkegaardian themes are introduced in the work, including truth as subjectivity, indirect communication, the leap, and the impossibility of forming a philosophical system for human existence. The Postscript sums up the aims of the preceding pseudonymous works and opens the way to the next part of Kierkegaard's increasingly tempestuous life: it can thus be seen as a cornerstone of his philosophical thought. This volume offers the work in a new and accessible translation by Alastair Hannay, together with an introduction that sets the work in its philosophical and historical contexts.
Second chances
Philosophy bites back
An ethic for enemies : forgiveness in politics
Vladimir Jankélévitch : the time of forgiveness
August and then some
The betrayers
The very grumpy day
A fourteen-year-old living with his grandparents learns his father is to be released from prison after killing his mother and feels apprehensive about renewing the relationship. Based on true events / Library of Congress.
God is not a Christian : speaking truth in times of crisis
After the fall : resurrecting your life from shame, disgrace, and guilt
Forgiveness and reconciliation : theory and application
Firefly lane
Pierced for our transgressions : rediscovering the glory of penal substitution
Incredible forgiveness : Christian ethics between fanaticism and reconciliation
Forgiveness in context : theology and psychology in creative dialogue
Dimensions of forgiveness : psychological research & theological perpsectives
Sin, guilt and forgiveness : the hidden dimensions of a pastoral process
What is forgiveness? When is it appropriate? How is it encouraged or inhibited? Answering these questions one way rather than another can alter our lives and our relationships in dramatic ways. If we think that forgiveness is or involves a passion that we experience but over which we have little control, then we will respond to it differently than if we think forgiving is something we choose to do or refrain from doing. If we think forgiveness involves restoring a relationship, then we will treat it differently than if we think it merely a matter of managing our emotions. If we think forgiveness is something that must be earned or deserved then we will not even consider forgiving certain agents; whereas if we think it is something that can be freely given, then forgiving these agents may become a live option. Glen Pettigrove explores the nature and norms of forgiveness, drawing attention to important dimensions that have been neglected by other discussions of the topic. He highlights the significance of character, both of the forgiver and of the forgiven, for common perspectives on what forgiveness is and when it is appropriate. Pettigrove explores the relationship between forgiving, understanding, and loving. And he revives a virtue that has too long been neglected: namely, grace.
The royal pardon : access to mercy in fourteenth-century England
Is human forgiveness possible? : a pastoral care perspective
The wooden chair
The book of forgiving : the fourfold path for healing ourselves and our world
Forgiveness and revenge
Light on snow
Wings of forgiveness : working with the angels to release, heal, and transform
Sin : a history
Dino Tales : A collection of six stories
Jesus and the forgiveness of sins : an aspect of his prophetic mission
I shall not hate : a Gaza doctor's journey on the road to peace and human dignity
The day Leo said I hate you!
This is a love story of two halves. People say it takes half the time you've been in a relationship with someone to get over them. Rebecca and Ben thought they'd never have to test that theory - they were happy, in love, solid. They are perfectly matched: Ben is thoughtful, kind, and does all the cooking; Rebecca is fun and spontaneous, and often thinks about doing the cleaning but never actually does. Neither of them predicted an encounter with the past that would tear their relationship apart. 546 days of heartache, laughter, first dates and several twists of fate await...
Born bad
Free of charge : giving and forgiving in a culture stripped of grace
Forgiveness : a philosophical exploration
Anger and forgiveness : resentment, generosity, justice
