http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5262 amnesia
amnesia
The man without a shadow
Biting the moon
The stuff of dreams
Threatened stroke : a clinical study of risk factors, atherosclerosis, role of platelet aggregation, and outcome in transient ischemic attacks and relation to transient global amnesia
Unchained memories : true stories of traumatic memories, lost and found
Amnesiac selves : nostalgia, forgetting, and British fiction, 1810-1870
Korsakoff-like amnesic syndrome in penetrating brain injury : a study of Finnish war veterans
Sheldon short guide to memory problems
The handbook of memory disorders
Permanent present tense : the man with no memory, and what he taught the world
Neuropsychology of the amnesic syndrome
Forensic psychiatry
Amnesia in acute herpetic and nonherpetic encephalitis
Neuropsychology of memory
The bridge
The man without a shadow : a novel
Summary.
January, 1958—the darkest hour of the cold war and the early dawn of the space race. On the launch pad at Cape Canaveral sits America’s best hope to catch up with the Russians—the Explorer I satellite. But at the last moment, the launch is delayed due to weather, even though everyone can see it is a perfectly sunny day.The real reason for the delay rests deep in the mind of NASA scientist who has awoken that morning to find his memory completely erased. Knowing only that he’s being followed and watched at every turn, he must find the clues to his own identity before he can discover who is responsible. But even more terrible is the dark secret that they wanted him to forget. A secret that can destroy the Explorer I—and America’s future…
The maze runner
Sixteen-year-old Thomas wakes up with no memory in the middle of a maze and realizes he must work with the community in which he finds himself if he is to escape
Behavioral neurology and neuropsychology
A forgetful nation : on immigration and cultural identity in the United States
Fractured minds : a case-study approach to clinical neuropsychology
Man walks into a room : a novel
Human memory and amnesia
Trends in cognitive sciences
Clinical assessment of acute mild traumatic brain injury
Explorations in cognitive neuropsychology
"Samson Greene has been missing or eight days when he is discovered wandering through the Nevada desert, 'ragged as a crow' and with on idea who he is. He is rushed to hospital where doctors save his life, but all his memories after the age of twelve have been permanently lost. Now, as he looks around the beautiful apartment he apparently shares with his wife and which is filled with all the souvenirs of a life well lived, Samson feels nothing more than a vague admiration. In her first novel Nicole Krauss tells the story of a man suddenly liberated from the life he has made, disconnected from the people who have defined him. Withdrawing from a wife he has no memory of loving, Samson plunges weightless into the future. But when he agrees to participate in a revolutionary experiment, what he gains is nothing short of the revelation of what it is to be a human being." -- (Back Cover)
Universal usability : designing computer interfaces for diverse users
Land of the living
Synthesis, structure-activity relationships and physico-chemical properties of novel prolyl oligopeptidase inhibitors
