http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5269 locks
locks
A method for computing the characteristic polynomial and determining semidefiniteness
Defining the keyhole modes : the effects on the weld geometry and the molten pool behaviour in high power laser welding of stainless steels
Artefacts from medieval Winchester. 2, 2, Objects and economy in medieval Winchester
Flexipads benefit Swiss newbuildings
Engineering with Excel
An experimental investigation : do animated graphs improve the quality of sales forecasting decisions in comparison to tables?
Carlsberg Meridian catalogue, La Palma. 3, Observations of positions of stars and planets made in the year 1986.
Practical design : solutions and strategies
65 years adds up to experience
Feeder ship operators opt for Flexipads
Scoring table for track and field events
Griffith's trimming tables
Flexipads offer operational cost benefits
Creating spreadsheets and charts in Excel
Crc standard mathematical tables
Rapid sight reduction tables for navigation : volume 1:selected stars, epoch 2005-0
Hardware Design for a Smart Lock System for Home Automation
Abstract: Decision-making by construction companies on locking products and competitor analysis of the locking markets in St. Petersburg.
Opening up the world of handles : a guided tour of the handles that have scanned human history
International tables for crystallography. Vol. 100, Mathematical, physical and chemical tables
Carlsberg Meridian catalogue, La Palma. 8, Observations of positions of stars and planets August 1992 to December 1993.
Orders increase for CV-20 twistlocks
Future secured by new initiatives
Locks and keys throughout the ages
Plane trigonometry and tables
OSHA : don't leave it too late
Interest from Asian shipping cluster in JAK coupling system
Craft, industry and everyday life : finds from Medieval York
Mathematical handbook of formulas and tables
The aim of this research was to examine the telecommunication market in Vietnam and recognize the key competitors in the locking industry for the case company, Abloy Oy. The empirical research was conducted by using a quantitative method. The implementation of the research consisted of phone interviews, email surveys, and an examination of secondary data. The sample for the interviews consisted of representatives of Vietnamese telecommunication companies, and all interviews were implemented in Vietnamese. The results showed that the Vietnamese telecom market consist of eleven main players, two of which are dominating the market. Due to mergers in the past the number of companies has decreased. According to the primary data gathered, the majority were unaware of Abloy’s existence. However, there was an interest in knowing more.
Chiavi e serrature = Locks and keys
Super lashing answer
"Designed for easy reference, the Fourth Edition contains important coverage of environmental design, security surveys, locks, lighting, and CCTV as well as new chapters covering the latest in the ISO standards for Risk Assessment & Risk Management, physical security planning, network systems infrastructure, and environmental design. This new edition continues to serve as a valuable reference for experienced security practitioners as well as students in undergraduate and graduate security programs"--
Decorative ironwork
The complete book of locks and locksmithing
Calculus : the dynamics of change
Statistical tables for biological, agricultural and medical research
Mathematical tables and formulas
Telecommunication companies in Vietnam as potential customers for Abloy Oy
Growth through engineering excellence
NP303/AP3270 Rapid Sight Reduction Tables for Navigation : Volume 1 Selected Stars Epoch 2015.0
"Small things forgotten" : locks and keys & board games
Excel outside the box : unbelievable excel techniques
Tables of derivatives for damped vibrations
Some features of the wooden-locks in Romania
Create and use spreadsheets plus challenges & assessment tasks : Microsoft Excel 2013
Hansen's improved Ex-meridian tables
The "newest" navigation and aviation altitude and azimuth tables for facilitating the determination of lines of position and geographical position at sea and in the air
Locks, safes and security : an international police reference. Volume 1
Beginning Microsoft Office 2010
CV-20 twistlock sales top one million pieces
Developing the locking systems of base stations
CRC handbook of chemistry and physics : a ready-reference book of chemical and physical data
Carlsberg Meridian catalogue, La Palma. 1, Observations of positions of stars and planets made in the year 1984.
Software design for a Smart Lock System for Home Automation
Germanischer Lloyd gives new twistlock seal of approval
American practical navigator : an epitome of navigation. Vol. 2, Useful tables, calculations, glossary of marine navigation
NP303/AP3270 Rapid Sight Reduction Tables for Navigation : Volume 2 Latitudes 0°-40° Declinations 0°-49°
Locks, safes and security : an international police reference. Volume 2
On distributed computing on elliptic curves
Statistical tables and formulae
NP303/AP3270 Rapid Sight Reduction Tables for Navigation : Volume 3 Latitudes 39°-89° Declinations 0°-29°
USA proposes ban on conventional twistlocks
Effective physical security
Carlsberg Meridian catalogue, La Palma. 4, Observations of positions of stars and planets: May 1984 to February 1988.
Calculation of elevator round-trip time for the collective control algorithm in general traffic situations
Carlsberg Meridian catalogue, La Palma. 7, Observations of positions of stars and planets January 1991 to August 1992.
RoRo lashings are stronger and lighter
Carlsberg Meridian catalogue, La Palma. 6, observations of positions of stars and planets 1990.
The physico-chemical constants of binary systems in concentrated solutions. Vol. 1, Two Organic Compounds
Get started with Excel 2010
The medieval household : daily living c. 1150-c. 1450
New securing equipment launched
Traditional Korean furniture
Flexipads fitted in first modernisation
Microsoft Excel : basics
Securing system after-sales orders reach record high
Modelling mean above and below ground litter production based on yield tables
First OSHA-compliant below-deck solutions supplied
Computing partial information out of intractable : powers of algebraic numbers as an example
Carlsberg Meridian catalogue, La Palma. 2, Observations of positions of stars and planets made in the year 1985.
Excavations at Helgö. 5:1, Workshop : 2
The 95th Edition of the Handbook includes 22 new tables and major updates and expansions. A new series highlighting the achievements of some of the major historical figures in chemistry and physics was initiated with the 94th edition. This series is continued with this edition, which is focused on Galileo Galilei, James Clerk Maxwell, Marie Sklodowska Curie, and Linus Carl Pauling. This series, which provides biographical information, a list of major achievements, and notable quotations attributed to each of the renowned chemists and physicists, will be continued in succeeding editions. Each edition will feature two chemists and two physicists.
The admiralty tide and tidal stream tables. Vol. 2, Atlantic and Indian Oceans : for the year 1958
Smithsonian meteorological tables
Locks from Iran : pre-Islamic to twentieth century : the Parviz Tanavoli collection
Methods for preparing yield tables
Norie's nautical tables with explanations of their use
Praktikum Goldschmieden  : Aktuelles Fachwissen in anschaulichen Bilderfolgen und informartiven Texten = Practical goldsmith : the latest techniques presented in a series of clear illustrations and informative texts. 5, Montieren - Verschlüsse = Mounting - clasps
The Arrow index for fuzzy choice functions
Shipping industry welcomes new lashing bridge
Vanhat lukot = Ancient locks
Securing sales at record high
Standard mathematical tables
New generations of lashings pioneered
Decision-making by construction companies on locking products and competitor analysis of the locking markets in St. Petersburg
Excel 2010 For Dummies
Barlow's tables of squares, cubes, square roots, cube roots and reciprocals of all integers up to 12,500
101 ready-to-use excel formulas
Cataloged galaxies and quasars observed in the IRAS survey : version 2
Statistical tables for economic, business and social studies
Flexipads friendly to covers and coamings
Spreadsheet tools for engineers using Excel
Practical petroleum tables for ship's use : rapid conversion of cubic feet to long and metric tons
Proven products secure record orderbook
Guide to tables in mathematical statistics
A survey of Islamic astronomical tables
Keys : their history and collection
Develop and use complex spreadsheets : Microsoft Excel 2013
