http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5263 time differences
time differences
Tokyo seven roses. Volume II
Interethnic affiliations and everyday demarcations of youth in Finland : empirical glances through multisited interviews and observations
The tourism and leisure industry : shaping the future
Enjoying the nightlife in Europe : the role of moderation
A comparative study on farmer' income
Downton Abbey. [3], Series three
Downton Abbey. The finale
Studying autonomous motives in physical education and leisure time contexts
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 3, A reason to act
Gender divisions and working time in the new economy : changing patterns of work, care and public policy in Europe and North America
Working hours and the family : working preferences/economic incentives/childcare and divorce/retirement and time-use = Arbejdstid og familien : arbejdstidsønsker/arbejdstid og skat/børn og skilsmisse/pensionering og samvær
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 1, Meiji swordsman romantic story
Stormswept
Waiting
The power of persuasion : how we're bought and sold
Marriage, money and divorce in Medieval Islamic society
Epidemiological study on trends and characteristics of suicide among children and adolescents in Finland
Technological changes, wage inequality and skill premiums: evidence over three centuries
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 6, No worries
The forty rules of love
Human resource management for tourism, hospitality and leisure : an international perspective
La's orchestra saves the world
The tide knot
Sexual science : the Victorian construction of womanhood
Downton Abbey : a Moorland holiday
The one-sex body on trial : the classical and early modern evidence
The deep
Selling the true time : nineteenth-century timekeeping in America
Bigamy and Christian identity in late medieval Champagne
The making of a lady
The lowland : a novel
The holiday makers : understanding the impact of leisure and travel
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 4, Dual conclusions
Regional variations in working hours and work orientation in Finland
Downton Abbey : the London season
The dance of life : the other dimension of time
Precocious
Law, sex and Christian society in medieval Europe
Asia for women on business : Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, and South Korea
There are original facilities or accommodations to stay in vacation in each country. Japanese stay at ryokan, Finnish stay at cottage. The purpose of this study was to explore background, similarities and differences between ryokan and Finnish cottage and to consider the possibility to open ryokan in Finland or Finnish cottage in Japan. The data was collected from a survey of 66 members (Japanese, Finnish and international people) and qualitative data. The qualitative data consists of interviews, observation in accommodations, and literature. The data was analyzed using respondents' answers, opinions from survey and interviews, and observation in qualitative data. The majority of respondents stated that they do not have experience in staying at ryokan or Finnish cottage because they did not have a chance to visit there during the short stays in the country, and also because of the poor advertising. On one hand, they are interested in different culture and new things, but on the other hand, they keep their own culture or customs. The findings indicate that it is hard to bring identical things as-is in each other's country because of difference of background and land in countries. However, it is possible to bring them by assimilating and fitting both cultures to take into account different particularities of the countries. Key words: Leisure, hospitality, different culture, accommodation, Finnish cottage, ryokan (traditional Japanese accommodation)
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 10, Mitsurugi, master and student
Ill composed : sickness, gender, and belief in early modern England
Cadmium, lead, arsenic and nickel in wild edible mushrooms
Courts, elites, and gendered power in the early Middle Ages : Charlemagne and others
When cultures collide : leading across cultures
Abstract: Alcohol-related deaths.
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 9, Arrival in Kyoto
Cìn Lǹamna : an old Irish tract on marriage and divorce law
The little stranger
Ryokan vs finnish cottage : case study of traditional Japanese accommondation and finnish cottage accommondation
Essays in labor economics and consumer behavior
The whores' asylum
Majnūn : the madman in medieval Islamic society
Shame and the captives
The war of the worlds
A season of secrets
Downton Abbey. The London season
Activity and diversity of methanotrophs in a littoral wetland of an eutrophic boreal freshwater lake
Downton Abbey. Series one
Quantifying regional variation in the survival of cancer patients
The crossing of Ingo
Culture shock Denmark
Downton Abbey. Series four
Downton Abbey : a journey to the highlands
Downton Abbey. Series two
Diversity in the workplace : students with foreign background as part-time employees in hotels
Completed and attempted suicides in relation to weather and daylight in Finland : register based study from 1969 to 2010
Calling me home
Divorce in medieval England : from one to two persons in law
Downton Abbey. Series three
Downton Abbey. Series five
Meanings of sex difference in the Middle Ages : medicine, science, and culture
Detecting asset price bubbles with time-series methods
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 7, In the 11th year of Meiji, may 14th
