http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5268 recycling
recycling
Site Selection in Vietnam : Case; Yritys A
Towards simplified deinking systems:a study of the effects of ageing, pre-wetting and alternative pulping strategy on ink behaviour in pulping
Junk chic
Improvement of resource efficiency in deinked pulp mill
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by recycling plastics and textiles into products
The green craft : 52 eco-friendly projects for every week of the year
Paper recycling - economics and the environment
The influences of development of packaging on inbound logistics in lean priduction environment
Treatment and disposal of polyurethane wastes : options for recovery and recycling
Municipal solid waste management in Guangzhou City, China
Recycling of wood and bark ash : a state-of-the-art review for programme group C under the IEA forest energy agreement
"Providing guidelines for implementing sustainable practices for traditional petroleum based plastics, biobased plastics, and recycled plastics, Sustainable Plastics and the Environment explains what sustainable plastics are, why sustainable plastics are needed, which sustainable plastics to use, and how manufacturing companies can integrate them into their manufacturing operations. A vital resource for practitioners, scientists, researchers, and students, the text includes impacts of plastics including Life Cycle Assessments (LCA) and sustainability strategies related to biobased plastics and petroleum based plastics as well as end-of-life options for petroleum and biobased plastics"--
Effects of second hand clothes to the Kenyan fashion and clothing industry
The fertilization value of human excreta for cabbage and potato growth
Recycled!
2010 International Chemical Recovery Conference : 9 March-1 April, 2010 Williamsburg Lodge, Williamsburg, Virginia USA
Room for the baby
Informal organic waste market in Cochabamba, Bolivia : waste management behaviour of marketplace vendors and utilisation of waste resources by agricultural producers
Steel product quality and maximum utilization of scrap
Overcoming the institutional obstacles of industrial recycling
Recycling textile and plastic waste
Sustainable plastics : environmental assessments of biobased, biodegradable, and recycled plastics
What's new with recycling? -- Aeronautics -- Automotive.
Entrophy : Müll und Kunst = garbage and art
Reuse, repair, recycle : a mine of creative ideas for thrifty living
The quality and quantity of waste collected in a pipeline-based waste collection system : case Jätkäsaari and case Kalasatama
A study on life cycle assessment of dental prosthesis
The eco living handbook : a complete green guide for your home and life
GERMAN TEXTILE RECYCLING BENCHMARKING  Case I: CO
On the analysis of ink content in recycled pulps
Recycling in textiles
Prevention of textile waste : material flows of textiles in three Nordic countries and suggestions on policy instruments
Taking Advantages of China's Increasing Demand for Recycled Resources : Case Company: Ni-Met Resources Inc.
Pollution prevention
Combination of biological and physico-chemical factors in the development of manure nutrient recovery and recycling-oriented technology
Manual for sorting of waste for waste-to-energy systems
Reconstructing clothes for dummies
Disintegration of packaging material:an experimental study of approaches to lower energy consumption
A slow start at the beginning of the recycling chain : how to make consumers recycle their mobile phones?
One person's trash can be another person's treasure: redesigning used objects
Astonishing art with recycled rubbish
Transformations : the art of recycling
Christopher's bicycle : tale of cycling and recycling
1995 International Chemical Recovery Conference ... Royal York Hotel, Toronto, Ontario, Canada : preprints. Book A, Papers to be presented on Monday and Tuesday April 24-25, 1995.
Kierrätyspolttoaineet = Solid recovered fuels : laboratorionäytteen esikäsittelymenetelmät = methods for laboratory sample preparation
Waste and recycling
Awesome things to make with recycled stuff
Devulcanisation of sulphur crosslinked rubber materials
Effects of Chinese youth consumer recycling behavior decisions : application of TPB theory to beverage container recycling system adoption
Alchemy arts : recycling is chic
Waste management and recycling study in Namibia : case study of Keetmanshoop and Ondangwa
Make garbage great : the terracycle family guide to a zero-waste lifestyle
Kiinteät kierrätyspolttoaineet = Solid recovered fuels : näytteenottomenetelmät = methods for sampling
Energy anf Lifecycle-efficient Metal Processes : final report 5/2014
Supporting Sustainability through Recycling on Office Premises
Comparative study of hospital waste management and separation at site : case study of Tampere University hospital in Tampere, Finland and Muhimbili National hospital in Dar-es-Salam, Tanzania
Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign: : Fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change.
Maximizing secondary raw material and energy recovery-sustainable logistics networking
Paper recycling - how far can we go ?.
Waste management plan for Farmari 2005 Agricultural Fair of Finland
Alternative materials in road construction : A guide to the use of waste, recycled materials and by-products
Vintage made modern : transforming timeworn textiles into treasured heirlooms
Salvage style : 45 home & garden projects using reclaimed architectural details
Visit sunny Chernobyl : and other adventures in the world's most polluted places
1995 International Chemical Recovery Conference ... Royal York Hotel, Toronto, Ontario, Canada : preprints. Book B, Papers to be presented on Wednesday and Thursday April 26-27, 1995.
Decommissioning of a uranium reprocessing pilot plant : practical experiences : final report of the Nordic Nuclear Safety Research Project KAN-1.2
The new Christmas tree : 25 dazzling trees and over 100 handcrafted projects for an inspired holiday
The greatest guide to green living
Handbook of plastics, elastomers, and composites
Paper recycling : an introduction to problems and their solutions : COST E1
Water, media and nutrition for greenhouse crops
Planning of laboratory scale gray water recycling systems
1989 International Chemical Recovery Conference, April 3-6, 1989 ... Ottawa, Ont
The paper cycle - is it sustainable?
Novel living : collecting, decorating, and crafting with books
Modelling national material flows for paper recycling policy
Efficiency and energy management : International Chemical Recovery Conference, May 29 - June 1, 2007, Quebec City, QC, Canada. 2, Thursday and Friday
How to build your own engine coffee table
The rough guide to green living
Environmental impacts of ship dismantling : screening for sustainable ways
Environmental awareness in Britain and Finland
Towards simplified deinking systems : a study of the effects of ageing, pre-wetting and alternative pulping strategy on ink behaviour in pulping
Recycling and waste
Characteristics and management options for mixed construction waste residue
Converting gas and waste water treatment by OG-system in steel smelting industry
Mervento 3.6-118 Recycling Rate
Bosun's incredible can-squeezing machine
Why should I bother about the planet?
Lengthening the life cycle of automobiles as a business idea : Case studies Fangmbeng & Son’s Shipping ay
DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPECT OF CHINESE SECOND-HAND MARKET
Efficiency and energy management : International Chemical Recovery Conference, May 29 - June 1, 2007, Quebec City, QC, Canada. 1, Tuesday and Wednesday
Where do clothes come from?
Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign : fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change
International chemical recovery conference, New Orleans, LA, April 28-May 1, 1985. 1-3
Optimization of struvite production from urine
Creating by recycling
Christopher's bicycle
The story of rubbish
Recovery of ionic liquids from lignocellulosic samples
Modelling of torrefaction and hydrothermal carbonization and heat intergration of torrefaction with a CHP plant
Processing Take-Back Computers
Distributor's bahaviours towards the disposal and recycling of TETRA terminals
Where do garbage trucks go? : and other questions about ... trash and recycling
Guide to sustainable packaging for suppliers of Wärtsilä Services
Changing recovery technology to meet the challenges of the pulp and paper indusrty : International Chemical Recovery Conference, June 11-14, 2001, Chateau Whistler Resort, Whistler, British Columbia, Canada. Oral presentations
Recycled chic
Second-hand cultures
Recycling and sustainable environmental practices in the plastics industry
Sew over it : sew it, wear it, love it
Engineering solutions for sustainability : materials and resources : workshop report and recommendations
Combustion residues : current, novel and renewable applications
Trash magazine
Get out! : 150 easy ways for kids and grown-ups to get into nature and build a greener future
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by recycling plastics and textiles into products.
Combining ecological and economic assessment of waste management options : case newspaper
Bioslurry = brown gold? : a review of scientific literature on the co-product of biogas production
Condebelt press drying and sustainable paper cycle
The future of bottle recycling in the United States of America
Bazaar style : decorating with market and vintage style
Biorenewable resources : engineering new products from agriculture
Kirstie's homemade home
Trash to cash : new business opportunities in the post-consumer waste stream
Bazaar style : decorating with market and vintage finds
E-waste management : a case study of Lagos state, Nigeria
Reverse logistics systems : an interorganisational perspective, focusing on paper recycling
Plastics in the automotive industry
An Investigation on Managing the Recovery of Hazardous Household Waste in Rustenburg, South Africa : A Preliminary Operational Plan of Pilleri II
Recycled home : transform your home using salvaged materials
Market research - Tyre recycling in Finland and Germany : Case: Humuspehtoori Ltd.
Invited and Contributing Lectures Presented at the 38th Microsymposium of Polymers held in Prague, Czech Republic, July 14 - 17, 1997
Make it! : don't throw it away - create something amazing!
See inside recycling and rubbish
Initiating a Community-Based Solid Waste Management System in a Rural Community in Ghana: A Practical Framework : Case: Akrofu-Xeviwofe
A stabilized multi-channel CMOS time-to-digital converter based on a low frequency reference
Proceedings
Sustainable fashion and textiles : design journeys
Rubber recycling
Plastics recycling : products and processes
The newlyweds' guide to setting up home : creating an affordable and stylish first home
Warmer bulletin : world action for recycling materials & energy from rubbish
Assembling and testing of laboratory scale grey water treatment system
Rediscovered treasures
Rubbish : reuse your refuse
Abstract: Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign : fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change. This paper is a research performed for finding solutions to increase the amount of waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea. The paper presents the main characteristics that differentiate social marketing from the traditional business marketing most important being the attributes of the product and its cost. They are presented the among the relevant theories for understanding what social marketing is. The implementation of the theory is supported by reviewing relevant literature and demonstrating case studies. Social marketing is more than advertising. As in business marketing, the best result requires the consistent use of the whole marketing mix. The process starts by indicating the target audience and the barriers they face for performing the desired behaviour. The benefits of the behaviour have to be highlighted in contrast to costs. The message has to be developed to be personal, easy to understand and remember and it has to clearly state what is expected from the audience. Among various tools, the most powerful tool in increasing the motivation of the people was noticed to be to generate involvement and empowering the people in the target audience. The paper works as an overview of the problems and solutions. Lack of deep primary and secondary research prevented the development of a proper and extensive marketing plan.
Constructed vertical flow wetland technology for the recycling of nutrients
Woodworking for the weekend : 20 projects using reclaimed timber
"A vital resource for practitioners, scientists, researchers, and students, the text includes impacts of plastics including Life Cycle Assessments (LCA) and sustainability strategies related to biobased plastics and petroleum based plastics as well as end-of-life options for petroleum and biobased plastics"--
Refuse : making the most of what we have : first European Arango International Design Exhibition = Verschwenden : aus Alt mach Neu : Erste Europäische Arango Internationale Design Ausstellung
Wastewater reuse for golf course irrigation
Hunters + collectors : the role of discard in craft and creativity
A study in eco- and trash design
Utilization of recycled mineral wool as filler in wood plastic composites
Environmental life cycle analysis
Undergraduate business and environmental science students' recycling behavior at an Appalachian University
Rubbish & recycling
Mervento 3.6-118 recycling rate
Textile exerts various environmental impacts throughout its life cycle. Prevention of textile waste is one means to reduce these impacts. This study seeks to map-out the flow of textile products in the three Nordic Countries - Denmark, Finland and Sweden - from the time they are put on the market until they are discarded. Based on the findings on the flows as well as on the perception of stakeholders, the study reviews and discusses government interventions that may be useful for the enhancement of textile waste prevention. Potential use of various policy instruments based on the concept of extended producer responsibility (EPR) is analysed. The study indicates a handful of areas where further research is needed in order to fine-tune policy actions that would best address the situation specific to the case countries.
Packaging and the environment : alternatives, trends & solutions
Physicochemical studies regarding the utilization of wood- and peat-based fly ash
The glass collector
Recycling and Building Together
Environmentally Friendly Luxury Hotel : case: Grand Palace Hotel, Riga, Latvia
Water recycling in textile wet processing
Migrating ship waste management from India to Finland : analysis of opportunities and risks in an industrial symbiosis of sustainable ship recycling
Solid waste management in Nairobi city and the town of Limuru, in Kenya
Evaluation of opportunities in e-waste processing facility investment in Pune, India
Recycling & life cycle management forum : recycling as part of an integrated life cycle management
Is environmental guilt a driving force? : an economic study on recycling
Changing recovery technology to meet the challenges of the pulp and paper indusrty : International Chemical Recovery Conference, June 11-14, 2001, Chateau Whistler Resort, Whistler, British Columbia, Canada. Poster presentations
Product Packaging: A waste of useful materials.
