http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p527 psychics
psychics
Chinese spirit-medium cults in Singapore
Love from Heaven
Guns & rain : guerrillas & spirit mediums in Zimbabwe
The history of spiritualism. 2
Medium. The sixth season
Prayer has spoiled everything : possession, power, and identity in an Islamic town of Niger
Dialogues with the dead : the discussion of mortality among the Sora of eastern India
Trance and possession in Bali : a window on western multiple personality, possession disorder, and suicide
Every day is mother's day
Raising Kane : Elisha Kent Kane and the culture of fame in antebellum America
The drowned detective
Healing : miracles, mysteries and John of God
A message of hope from the angels
Making dreams : spirits, vision and the ontological effects of dream knowledge in Cuban espiritismo
Odd interlude : a special Odd Thomas adventurel
The creeping shadow
Daughter of the house
No humans involved
The angel whisperer : incredible stories of hope and love from the angels
Red lights
Spirit mediumship and society in Africa
Religious organization and religious experience
Living with the dead
In 19th century Brighton, England spirit mediums are all the fashion--especially Miss Eustace, a psychic who claims to produce apparitions of the dead, and oleaginous Mr. Bradley, a self-proclaimed spirit healer. Diminutive Mina Scarletti, a writer of horror stories, is sure that her widowed mother and friends are in the hands of cheats and extortionists, so she enlists the help of Daniel Hamid, an Anglo-Indian doctor, her charming but disreputable brother, Richard, and Richard's mistress, Nellie, to expose the frauds. But the scheming criminals have spread their nets wide, and dramatic sâeances easily convince and captivate the vulnerable, including Daniel's disabled sister Eliza. When Mina's determined campaign backfires, she only succeeds in adding to Miss Eustace's fame. With chaos reigning in the Scarletti house, Mina and Richard must turn to desperate methods to outwit the illusionists and reveal the truth.
Deadly forecast : a psychic eye mystery
Anthropological approaches to the study of ethnomedicine
Oh great, now I can hear dead people
The Grownup
The royal ghost
The bachelors
Beyond black
The spiritglass charade : a Stoker & Holmes novel
The possessed and the dispossessed : spirits, identity, and power in a Madagascar migrant town
Trance mediums and new media : spirit possession in the age of technical reproduction
Mr Scarletti's ghost
The light between us : lessons from heaven that teach us to live better in the here and now
A terrible crime forces Lockwood to turn to Lucy for help, setting them on the trail of dark secrets at the heart of London society. Both professionally and personally, their investigation stirs up forces they may not be able to control... / WorldCat.
The psychic tourist : a voyage into the curious world of predicting the future
Songs for the spirits : music and mediums in modern Vietnam
Mr Splitfoot
In the air tonight
Channelling : use your psychic powers to contact your spirit guides
Immortal remains : the evidence for life after death
How to use a ouija board : communication with the spirit world
Angels in my hair : [the illustrated edition]
The language of mediums and psychics : the social organization of everyday miracles
The perfect medium : photography and the occult
Poetry and prophecy : the anthropology of inspiration
The vanishers
Elizabeth Barber is crossing the Atlantic by liner with her perfectly adequate boyfriend, Derek, who might be planning to propose. In fleeing the UK - temporarily - Elizabeth may also be in flight from her past and the charismatic Arthur, once her partner in what she came to see as a series of crimes. Together they acted as fake mediums, perfecting the arcane skills practised by effective frauds. Elizabeth finally rejected what once seemed an intoxicating game. Arthur continued his search for the right way to do wrong. The pair still meet occasionally, for weekends of sexual oblivion, but their affection lacerates as much as it consoles. She hadn't, though, expected the other man on the boat...
Possessed by the spirits : mediumship in contemporary Vietnamese communities
Clouded vision
Vampire Diaries. The Fury ; The Reunion
Reader of hearts : the life and teachings of a reluctant psychic
Watching the dead speak : the role of the audience, imagination, and belief in late modern spirtiualism
Don't kiss them goodbye
Edgar Cayce: an american prophet
Angels in my hair
Scams from the great beyond : how to make easy money off of ESP, astrology, UFOs, crop circles, cattle mutilations, alien abductions, Atlantis, channeling, and other New Age nonsense
My friend in afterworld : experiences in the other reality
Death at first sight
Where love comes from
Stairways to heaven
Brighton, 1871. A book by two respectable spinsters claiming to have seen the ghost of the Prince Regent in Brighton Pavilion shocks the town and attracts the attention of spiritualist Arthur Wallace Hope. Young Mina Scarletti, a writer of horror stories and investigator of psychic phenomena, suspects fraud. As the summer heat rises and hearts flutter dangerously, Mina and her associates delve into the mystery and, in doing so, they soon discover that nothing is as it seems.
Decorated man : the human body as art
Anybody out there
The shut eye
Anthony, George, and Lucy investigate new hauntings, track down assassins, and a new assistant joins Lockwood & Co. / WorldCat.
Religion : a humanist interpretation
The hollow boy
The hanged man
The blue book
The darkened room : women, power and spiritualism in late Victorian England
365 ways to develop your psychic ability : simple tools to increase your intuition and clairvoyance
Olivia Kidney stops for no one
Vampire Diaries. The Awakening ; The Struggle
Since she left her psychiatric practice in New York City to open up a psychic shop in her hometown on Bay Island, Cass Donovan has given her fair share of readings to conflicted customers. But what she sees in Ellie Callahan's future doesn't bode well. When Ellie's mother Marge publicly confronts Cass about the reading, the embarrassment makes her want to curl up and die. And when she later stumbles across Marge's body--and is a suspect in her murder--Cass is suddenly the star of Bay Island's rumor mill / WorldCat.
The seen and the unseen : shamanism, mediumship and possession in Borneo
Life on the other side : a psychic's tour of the afterlife
The girl in the glass
The sympathetic medium : feminine channeling, the occult, and communication technologies, 1859-1919
The history of spiritualism. 1
