http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5273 rental dwellings
rental dwellings
Pruitt Igoe revisited
Housing policy guidelines : the experience of ECE with special reference to countries in transition
A parametric version of the Danish rent allowance scheme
Young people, recession and changes in housing in the 1990s
Choice and the end of social housing
Rental housing in the 1980's
Location, housing and premises in a dynamic perspective
Studies on the effects of property taxation, rent control and housing allowances
Berlin residential market : housing shortage symptoms, anatomy and remedy
Indentifying reasons for lessors low utilization rate of the rental service provided by OVV-Jyväskylä
This sixth edition of Ed Kelley's popular best-seller is a practical guide to what's new in apartment management. The text has been completely revised to reflect the extensive changes that have occurred in the apartment industry over the past five years. Mr. Kelley has been a forerunner in the apartment management industry for many years, and he continues to pioneer new techniques and approaches for the benefit of property owners and managers everywhere. His how-to, hands-on guide covers the basics of ownership, management, and insurance, as well as advanced solutions for marketing, leasing, and tracking residents of rental properties. A few of the many updated topics in this edition include: Extra features in new apartment layouts and amenity packages, Innovative techniques for tracking residents and minimizing turnover, Hiring and managing property staff, Establishing policies to guide property operations, Leasing policies, the rental application process, and the lease document, Developing strategies for maximizing rent collections, Property maintenance, upgrading, and renovations, How to gain the most from Internet marketing, Setting and adjusting rents Implementing budgeting and planning strategies, Attracting prospects and curb appeal. Practical Apartment Management is a time-tested, comprehensive guide to apartment management written by a recognized expert in the field. This edition is a must-read for everyone who manages apartments.
Space, power and participation : ethnic and gender divisions in tenants' participation in public housing
Housing and social change in Europe and the USA
Tenant application process in the capital area of Helsinki, Finland
The people's home? : social rented housing in Europe & America
Amsterdam social housing
The great rent wars : rent strikes and rent control in New York City, 1917-1929
Council housing in Helsinki faces challenges
Rents of dwellings
Tallinn real estate market in 2000 : Great demand for cheap apartments
The political principle concerning services for older people in Finland emphasises home care. The public authority set the national targets concerning service provisions and attempts to encourage the older population to remain in their own homes for as long as possible. In this regard, the national government employs a typical sociological or gerontological concept, known as ageing in place. Although the structure of social and health care services significantly shifted to domiciliary services in the 1990s, Finland is still considered to maintain relatively institutionalised welfare programmes. Due to continual ageing and pressures to reduce expenditure on social services, it still remains unexplored as to what extent encouraging ageing in place is realistic from the aspect of the living environment.This study is conducted as a single case study focusing on sixteen local districts in the city of Oulu. The forty-three projects researched, covering all categories, namely residential homes, sheltered housing and rental accommodation for older people, and ranging from central location to suburban districts, are systematically analysed using the building permits and the collected data in addition to the researcher’s neighbourhood surveys. The collected data are primarily analysed in quantitative manners and measured in multi-disciplinary ways.The outcomes of the analysis overall suggest that the living standards of all the housing projects studied here do not necessarily help older residents to cope with every possible environmental problem while real meanings of diversity among the projects studied are considered to be rather limited regarding the aspect of the possible lifestyles of residents. The degree of the realisation of ageing in place depends on the definition of the concept adopted by the various stakeholders (national and local authorities, developers, service providers, older people). The realisation of ageing in place seems to require wider and deeper discussions.Discussion of the ageing-in-place concept points to a lack of preventative objectives which aims at minimising services by providing appropriate living settings for older people instead of pursuing the best combination of care services and accommodation. There are special roles which only housing facilities can address.
Housing markets, liquidity constraints and labor mobility
Discrimination in housing
Housing, risk and security : a qualitative interview study on a Finnish neighbourhood
Housing demand and tenure choice : evidence from Finland
Planning website in english and improving its visibility with SEO
Ageing in place : potentials and restrictions : a case study of the living environment for older people in Oulu
Housing and Public Policy : citizenship, choice and control
The girl before
Forms of tenure in Sweden : the case of the tenant owner
Bridging the gap between social and market rented housing in six European countries?
From public housing to the social market : rental policy strategies in comparative perspective
Housing policy and rented housing in Europe
Recession opened the doors for tenants
A hedonic model for Finnish housing rents and a comparative analysis for two towns
Estates on the edge : the social consequences of mass housing in Northern Europe
Customer satisfaction survey for OVV-Tampere
A comparative happiness and utility analysis between mortgage financed owner-occupation and renting
Asumistaso : asuntoasiain vuosikirja = Housing and planning in Finland. 1994-1995
The law of housing
The shortage of affordable living space in Berlin : finding incentives for private real estate developers to build affordable space
Marketing Plan of Rental Apartments in Costa Blanca for Scandinavians : Case: Zariko Enterprise SL
Abstract (1 s.).
Managing social rental housing in the European Union : experiences and innovative approaches : final report
Challenges of a small family owned growth company : case Kotimaailma Apartments
Housing allowance and the rent of low-income households
Social rented housing in Europe : policy, tenure and design
The private rented housing market : regulation or deregulation?
The household : informal order around the hearth
On landlord's discriminatory behaviour
How to improve marketing and customer relationship management of the cottage holiday business RapoJärviLoma, the target market being the residents of St. Petersburg and Moscow?
The beginning of immigrant settlement in Helsinki metropolitan area and the role of social housing
The resident
Housing law in the Nordic countries : a report commissioned by the Nordic Council of Ministers
The eclipse of council housing
