http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5270 keys
keys
The art of scandal : modernism, libel law, and the roman à clef
Understanding and enhancing relationship value processes in the cruise and ferry segment : case STX Finland Turku shipyard
Understanding sponsored search : core elements of keyword advertising
The girl who kicked the hornets' nest
After such kindness
The effect of organizational structure and key account management on organizational success
Very few books take the long-term, team-selling strategic view of KAM that this book takes. Focusing on implementation rather than theory, Key Account Management is a highly practical book with a unique yet simple planning methodology for identifying, obtaining, retaining, and developing key customers.
The definitive guide to Google adwords : create versatile and powerful marketing and advertising campaigns
The private self : theory and practice of women's autobiographical writings
The traitor's emblem
Key account management in a case company
Listening to the customer : case: company X
Business-To-Customer Relationship Marketing for Travel Industry : The role of commitment
Dance by the light of the moon
The complete book of locks and locksmithing
The complete zero line chronicles : incite, feed, reap
Vanity of Duluoz : an adventurous education, 1935-1946
Decorative ironwork
Principled selling : how to win more business without selling your soul
Anne Tyler's life and person in her novels
Artefacts from medieval Winchester. 2, 2, Objects and economy in medieval Winchester
The red and the black
Focal words on environmental issues : in a British tabloid and a quality newspaper
When Hitler stole pink rabbit
The door that led to where
Handbook of strategic account management : a comprehensive resource
Defining the keyhole modes : the effects on the weld geometry and the molten pool behaviour in high power laser welding of stainless steels
Low-budget marketing for rookies
Institutional Logics in Police Performance Indicator Development : A Comparative Case Study of Spain and Finland
The new successful large account management : how to hold on to your most important customers and turn them into long-term assets
Keys : their history and collection
Locks and keys throughout the ages
Key account management : tools and techniques for achieving profitable key supplier status
Locks from Iran : pre-Islamic to twentieth century : the Parviz Tanavoli collection
The Danish Girl
Woodland key habitats : a key to effective conservation of forest biodiversity?
Battle lines in the Chinese blogosphere : keyword control as a tactic in managing mass incidents
Improving key customer relationships : in the case of company X
Excavations at Helgö. 5:1, Workshop : 2
Sales support : enhancing key account managers' communication at Unilever Finland Oy
"A complete compilation of the established knowledge in strategic account managementThough companies expend tremendous effort to upkeep electronic and social media and mass marketing, they often overlook the value of strategic account management (SAM). This handbook is a compilation of papers that address researched knowledge of SAM across the academic community. Filling a void in the existing academic literature, Handbook of Strategic Account Management identifies key issues awaiting exploration. Each paper includes an overall summary of the tenets of SAM and a list of references, creating an indispensable resource for academic readers, students, and researchers. Written by an editing team with experience teaching SAM in company workshops, both of whom are members of SAMA, which has more than 3,000 members and bases in the United States and Europe Includes contributions from all over the world representing the balanced, researched body of knowledge in SAM Those looking to enhance their companies' relationships and bolster their businesses need look no further than this comprehensive collection of the latest knowledge in SAM"--
Preventing reverse engineering of native and managed programs
Modern cryptography : theory and practice
The devil wears Prada
Rules of the game
Chiavi e serrature = Locks and keys
Shirley : a novel
Key account management : the fast track to world best practice
Craft, industry and everyday life : finds from Medieval York
Hollywood : a novel
This title shows how to keep key accounts strong. Based on the Miller Heiman LAMP training programme, this dynamic approach to account planning shows how to devise a strategic action plan for managing key accounts, manage accounts effectively and profitably, and build long-term relationships with clients.
Endgame : the calling
Pseudo-autobiography in the fourteenth century : Juan Ruiz, Guillaume de Machaut, Jean Froissart, and Geoffrey Chaucer
Key account acquisition and retention in the United Kingdom private medical insurance market : case study: AXA PPP healthcare
The woman warrior : memoir of a girlhood among ghosts
Key customers : how to manage them profitably
Extremely loud & incredibly close
"This book addresses the underlying foundational elements, both theoretical and methodological, of sponsored search. As such, the contents are less affected by the ever-changing implementation aspects of technology. Rather than focusing on the how, this book examines what causes the how. Why do certain keywords work, while others do not? Why does that ad work well, when others that are similar do not? Why does a key phrase cost a given amount? Why do we measure what we do in keyword advertising? This book speaks to that curiosity to understand why we do what we do in sponsored search. The content flows through the major components of any sponsored search effort, regardless of the underlying technology or client or product. The book addresses keywords, ads, consumers, pricing, competitors, analytics, branding, marketing, and advertising, integrating these separate components into an incorporated whole. The focus is on the critical elements, with ample illustrations, and with enough detail to lead the interested reader to further inquiry"--
Successful key account management in a week
"Small things forgotten" : locks and keys & board games
Customer database analysis for developing management : case study: Company X
Locks, safes and security : an international police reference. Volume 1
Phonetic search methods for large speech databases
Chatelaines : utility to glorious extravagance
Abstract: Public key infrastructure, smart cards and their utilization in an organisation.
Profitability as a criterion in key account selection : evidence from a professional services organization
Term weighting in short documents for document categorization, keyword extraction and query expansion
The Calling
Keywords in heavy metal lyrics : a date-driven corpus study into the lyrics of five heavy metal subgenres
Different customers create different amount of value to the company and therefore, they should not be treated equally. The commissioner of the thesis was Company X. The thesis consists of two parts: A case study backed up with a limited theory background. In the theory section the thesis shortly discusses matter behind growth, customer relationship marketing and its benefits, customer relationship management and customer value. It also describes the first steps of the Key Account Management process and how that further can be used in order to manage the important customers. Two different researches were executed as a part of this thesis: a statistical analysis based on the customer and sale project database and interviews on the selected customers. The objective of the statistical analysis was to do a research based on the customer information available in the company's CRM system between years 2006 and 2011. The interviews aimed at getting information to complete the findings of the statistical analysis. The majority of the participants who answered to the questionnaire believed that the long term supplier relationships are the way to go. Also, the participants gave weight to a pointed-out contact person. Furthermore, and objective was to find out the relative importance between new and existing customers and how the key customer relationships have performed over the years, when trying to acquire a balance between gathering new customers and investing in to existing ones. Also, a sales figure based customer categorization was created in order to help the analysis. The statistical analysis pointed out noticeable differences between the importance of different customers and sale projects. It turned out that a large proportion of the projects and customers were small in terms of value for the company and that the majority of turnover came from a small amount of selected key- and regular customers. The goal of an analysis of this kind is to act as a basis for upcoming development projects and for the company management and employers in order to understand the types of customers and their relative importance. The appendices have been left out from the public version of this work.
Locks, safes and security : an international police reference. Volume 2
Abstract:
Key account management : strategies to leverage information, technology, and relationships to deliver value to large customers
