http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5279 campaigns
campaigns
Yes we can? : white racial framing and the 2008 presidential campaign
Planning and implementing a targeted marketing campaign in a high-tech company
Planning and managing public relations campaigns : a strategic approach
"This edited volume explores the stunning diversity in behavior, outlook, and viewpoints at the grassroots level of society during the Mao Zedong era. Men had gay relationships in factory dormitories, teens penned searing complaints in diaries, mentally ill individuals in the Beijing suburbs cursed Mao, and farmers formed secret societies, founded new dynasties, and worshipped forbidden spirits. These diverse undercurrents were at least as mainstream in people's everyday lives as the ideas found in Mao's Little Red Book or People's Daily editorials. Bringing together senior scholars and up-and-coming researchers from China, Europe, North America, and Taiwan, the book draws on rare documents to challenge top-down historical narratives. Focusing on crime, labels, and punishment; mobilization; culture and communication; and discontent, the chapters reveal how people individually and collectively negotiated structures of power. Bringing readers stories of aggrieved schoolteachers in rural Hunan, Uyghur officials in Xinjiang, armed rebels on the southwest frontier, and disaffected youth in Tianjin, the volume sheds light on the traumas and unexpected turning points during China's years of high socialism, raising the question of whether 'Mao's China' ever existed at all"--Provided by publisher.
Health and safety campaigning : experiences from across the European Union and tips on organising your own campaign : getting the message across
"When Bernie Sanders began his race for the presidency, it was considered by the political establishment and the media to be a "fringe" campaign, something not to be taken seriously. After all, he was just an independent senator from a small state with little name recognition. His campaign had no money, no political organization, and it was taking on the entire Democratic Party establishment. By the time Sanders's campaign came to a close, however, it was clear that the pundits had gotten it wrong. Bernie had run one of the most consequential campaigns in the modern history of the country. He had received more than 13 million votes in primaries and caucuses throughout the country, won twenty-two states, and more than 1.4 million people had attended his public meetings. Most important, he showed that the American people were prepared to take on the greed and irresponsibility of corporate America and the 1 percent. In Our Revolution, Sanders shares his personal experiences from the campaign trail, recounting the details of his historic primary fight and the people who made it possible. And for the millions looking to continue the political revolution, he outlines a progressive economic, environmental, racial, and social justice agenda that will create jobs, raise wages, protect the environment, and provide health care for all--and ultimately transform our country and our world for the better. For him, the political revolution has just started. The campaign may be over, but the struggle goes on."--Provided by publisher.
An American melodrama : the presidential campaign of 1968
Supporting the design and development of an online advocacy community : a community model and related design elements for advancing women's health and rights
How an international company creates a succesful marketing campaign in Finland : case GB Glase - Magnum 5 Senses
Communication and political power
Social marketing : doing well by doing good? a look into organizations? marketing communication campaigns on social issues in Finland
Entrepreneur magazine's ultimate guide to Google AdWords : how to access 100 million people in 10 minutes
How to make Finnish products and services more popular among Russian customers : the analysis of the existing digital advertising campaigns of Finnish companies in Russia
Marketing communication campaign for Stadion hostel
Hello Hamlet : lines open for collaboration
Organizing a Marketing Project – Ahead to Entrepreneurship-Campaign  : Case: Cursor Oy
Brand awareness and loyalty if Finnish consumers : case: Lambi Tissue papers
Search engine marketing as a marketing tool
Horror on the Orient express contains a massive and legendary campaign, of up to nineteen adventures, for the Call of Cthulhu roleplaying game. Beginning in 1920s London, the investigators journey to Paris and thence to the ancient city of Constantinople. With luck, they also return home.
Matt Frei, the BBC's Washington correspondent, goes under the skin of the nation's capital to discover the paradox of the world's last remaining superpower. He portrays a city of amazing wealth and power, but also of poverty and lawlessness.
How to produce successful advertising : a guide to strategy, planning and targeting
Highly clickable web banner ads for customers of Advertising Media Finland OY
Think before you engage : 100 questions to ask before starting a social media marketing campaign
The affect effect : dynamics of emotion in political thinking and behavior
"Getting a public relations campaign or program off the ground can seem an overwhelming task. But, as with any project, the secret of success lies in good planning and effective management. This fully updated fourth edition of Planning and Managing Public Relations Campaigns provides a revised and more dynamic 12-step planning model to help all practitioners implement and run a campaign. With new coverage of key social media developments and using new case studies, Anne Gregory covers vital topics including: the role of PR in organizations; the importance of context; research and analysis; communication theory; setting objectives; publics and content; strategy and tactics; timescales and resources; evaluation and review. "--
The little book of big promotions
Public communication campaigns
Advertising campaign design : just the essentials
Strategic thinking for advertising creatives
Iniating environmentally-friendly marketing campaigns : marketing ethical cosmetics in spa-facilities
Creating a Product Concept to  Oy High Peak Finland Ltd.
International Quit&Win 2004 : handbook
Acquisition of new members/support for Amnesty International
A market research for premium promotion and collecting campaigns in Sweden
Visual representations of life without dignity : a semiotic analysis of the visual rhetoric in Amnesty International's 'Stop Violence Against Women* campaign advertisements
Advertising campaign strategy : a guide to marketing communication plans
Warhammer quest : the adventure card game
The little book of the cultural hijacker : towards critical action graphic design
Marketing campaign for attracting US American travelers to Finland
International quit and win
Startup guide to guerrilla marketing : a simple battle plan for first-time marketers
Search engine advertising : buying your way to the top to increase sales
Marketing : the retro revolution
Campaign craft : the strategies, tactics, and art of political campaign management
Seven million pages a month - the Tuttemuj reading campaign
Cultural branding applied to design : a case of a finnish chocolate brand
The art of membership : how to attract, retain, and cement member loyalty
The making of campaign strategy
Internal marketing : the key to successful marketing campaign
Considering calamity : methods for performance research
Marijuana is safer : so why are we driving people to drink?
Taking our country back : the crafting of networked politics from Howard Dean to Barack Obama
"Intellectually exhausted and increasingly desperate" versus "flat-out false and reeks of desperation" : how the blogs of the candidates in the American presidential election of 2012 create a negative image of the opponent
Princess in training
United colors : the Benetton campaigns
The actors and the campaigns
Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign: : Fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change.
Factors that make a marketing cam-paign go viral : Case study: Campaign ”Share a Coke” by Coca Cola in Vietnam
Labour and the motor industry
Agency in the Girl Effect campaign website : a multimodal discourse analytic study
How to make a successful PR campaign? : case study: V. Yushenko in the light of relevant articles
From thought to feedback : how to develop a communication campaign
Advertising : principles and practice
In the past years the world of marketing has changed at a rapid pace. This is due to the growth of electronic marketing with the social networking sites such as Facebook and Google having the largest influence in the field. Due to the technological development, many of the old marketing theories have been revised to face the challenges of the new era of marketing. Social networking has been around as long as the internet but after it hit the mass market a few years ago it finally was given a name: social media.     The rapid changes in the world of electronic marketing have forced lots of traditional marketing theories to be adapted to meet the requirements of the digital age. Even though lots social media has forced marketers to look at things in a new way lots of the old theories still apply as such. The main goals of this bachelor's thesis are to study these new methods of marketing and apply them to a small business marketing campaign. The main focus of the campaign is on Facebook and field marketing. The project took place between November 2011 - March 2012.    Sportbar Töölö was opened with it's current concept in November 2011. The previous operation had a solid customer base but the management wanted to create awareness of the new business within potential customer groups. For this a small field marketing campaign was planned and executed at the HIFK-Jokerit Winter classic derby at the Olympic Stadium on the 4th of February 2012.    Social networking sites offer a cheap and easy channel for communication with customers. For this task Facebook was utilised as a marketing tool for the restaurant, Sportbar Töölö. Facebook was chosen as it is the worlds (and Finland's) most popular social networking site with 800 million members worldwide and over 2 million in Finland.    The results of the marketing efforts designed and executed did not return outcomes as good as originally planned. The offer promoted in the field marketing campaign returned results lower than average and the target of Facebook fans was not met. Even though the planned results weren't met lots of other useful information about customer segments, etc. was learned. The most important lesson learned was the fact that the bar has profiled as a HIFK supporters place even though this has not been the intention of the current management. This will help the management to focus their marketing efforts more efficiently in the future.
The people's choice : how the voter makes up his mind in a presidential campaign
Yes we can : voices of a grassroots movement
Parties and elections in America : the electoral process
Reaching out through comics : co-creating comics for environmental education
Dynamics of international advertising : theoretical and practical perspectives
Implementation of a mobile marketing campaign : a case study
Quit and win 1998 : International Quit and Win seminar, Helsinki, 3-4 November, 1997.
Our revolution : a future to believe in
The smokefree class competition : an innovative approach to school-based smoking prevention
Doing business for a good cause
Abstract: Athletes as endorsers : sports stars playing in the field of advertising. This thesis studies the celebrity endorsement model and specially athletes as endorsers. What drives the companies to use athletes as spokesperson and how do they cope with risks involved in it? As recently news have been filled with scandals involving athletes with multimillion endorsement deals how could have these been avoided and what are the effects on endorsing companies? Main focus of the study is to investigate what kind of methods marketers use to ensure a successful endorsement campaign? Secondary focus was on researching what kind of risks companies face when cooperating with a star athlete? This thesis uses secondary data as its main source of information. Conducted research show that even though use of athletes as endorsers can be very risky, it can also lead to success. In celebrity endorsement only certainty is uncertainty. It was also discovered that marketers often value extremely different attributes when selecting a female endorser than they do with male endorsers.
From thought fo feedback : how to develop a communication campaign
Maoism at the grassroots : everyday life in China's era of high socialism
Horror on the Orient express : a luxury campaign spanning the European continent
Persuasiveness in social marketing communication : case study " Feed the pig" and "Älä ruoki lamaa"
Only in America
Fish aware : textile design as an environmental intervention : how textile design can be used as a medium to raise awareness of overfishing, and influence the pattern of fish consumption
From grassroots to the airwaves : paying for political parties and campaigns in the Caribbean
Health and safety campaigning : getting the message across
Our brand is crisis
Campaign planner for integrated brand communications
Ads to icons : how advertising succeeds in a multimedia age
How to produce successful advertising
Summary and conclusions (s. 167-183).
Citizen participation and political communication in a digital world
Niche Marketing as a tool to attract customers : a case of ASB Meeting Solutions
Use of segmentation in household energy conservation campaigns
The making of Donald Trump
Fundraising management : analysis, planning and practice
Making direct mail work : get great results from all your direct mail
How to win campaigns : 100 steps to success
Social-specificity in practice
Athletes as endorsers : sports stars playing in the field of advertising
Ultimate guide to Google AdWords : how to access 100 million people in 10 minutes
Advertising Campaign Strategy : a guide to marketing communication plans
What a wonderful world
Abstract: Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign : fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change. This paper is a research performed for finding solutions to increase the amount of waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea. The paper presents the main characteristics that differentiate social marketing from the traditional business marketing most important being the attributes of the product and its cost. They are presented the among the relevant theories for understanding what social marketing is. The implementation of the theory is supported by reviewing relevant literature and demonstrating case studies. Social marketing is more than advertising. As in business marketing, the best result requires the consistent use of the whole marketing mix. The process starts by indicating the target audience and the barriers they face for performing the desired behaviour. The benefits of the behaviour have to be highlighted in contrast to costs. The message has to be developed to be personal, easy to understand and remember and it has to clearly state what is expected from the audience. Among various tools, the most powerful tool in increasing the motivation of the people was noticed to be to generate involvement and empowering the people in the target audience. The paper works as an overview of the problems and solutions. Lack of deep primary and secondary research prevented the development of a proper and extensive marketing plan.
"Liquor weeks" : local cooperation to inform the public about alcohol
Seasonal food in a virtual basket : a campaign for environmental sustainability
Display advertising : an hour a day
The next evolution of marketing : connect with your customers by marketing with meaning
The purpose of this thesis is to find out how persuasive and ensuing effectiveness advertising campaigns related to economic crisis in social marketing are. During the case study of the Finnish campaign Älä Ruoki Lamaa (“Don't Feed the Recession”) and the American campaign Feed the Pig, the primary objective is to identify key issues related to persuasive communication. The research takes a closer look at the advertisements and the web pages of the campaigns. Älä Ruoki Lamaa is a national ad campaign which urges people to spend money in order to keep the recession from expanding. The Finnish campaign is quite contrary to the campaign running in the United States, which urges people to do the exact opposite: “Feed the pig”. Both campaigns try to fight the recession, but the core messages of the campaigns are very different, as well as the knowledge and arguments communicated. Älä Ruoki Lamaa wants people to keep their old consumer behavior and Feed the Pig wants people to change their spending habits. These goals of the campaigns coincide with the goal of social marketing, to encourage people to adopt behavior that will enhance their own and fellow citizens' lives. The analysis and interpretation in this thesis concentrates on the visible aspect of the advertising campaigns. Through the results of the research, which deals with the non-traditional topic of recession, an insight into social marketing campaigns is given. During the research process various ways of improving persuasiveness of advertisements are presented and the interdependency and substitutability of different communicational tools are exemplified. The results suggest that the complex interrelations between target audience, media strategy, message structure, message strategy and presentation of the advertisements used in marketing communication all have a great influence on the persuasiveness and effectiveness of advertising campaigns, as well on social marketing communication.
The rhetoric of moral protest : public campaigns, celebrity endorsement, and political mobilization
Row for freedom : crossing an ocean in search of hope
"The Art of Membership offers 13 "rules of the road" for membership engagement, recruitment, and retention that organizations can put to work immediately regardless organization size, culture, type or environment. The Rules are concrete, irrefutable and based on the author's experience and extensive research. The book is filled with a wealth of cases and examples and how-to guides with checklists and worksheets that break down the concepts from goal to strategy to tactics culminating in an actionable to-do list. Includes a template that can be used to create a concrete action."--
Sales prospecting campaign for Elbit Oy
The Brexit club
When I grow up : culturally sensitive graphic design explorations
Effectiveness evaluation of outdoor advertising campaign : the case study of IKEA Kuopio
Effectiveness of online marketing campaigns : an investigation into online multichannel and search engine advertising
Banners & dragons : the complete guide to creative campaigning
Advertising is dead : long live advertising
The cult and science of public health : a sociological investigation
Campaign planner for Promotion and IMC
Future Prospects of Online Advertising at SBS Finland Ltd
Branding New York : how a city in crisis was sold to the world
The video activist handbook
Stages of emergency : Cold War nuclear civil defense
Kleppner's advertising procedure
Advertising : what it is and how to do it
The activists' handbook : a step-by-step guide to participatory democracy
Changes in adolescents' oral health-related knowledge, attitudes and behavior in response to extensive health promotion
Then they came for me : a story of injustice and survival in Iran's most notorious prison
The bad boys of Brexit : tales of mischief, mayhem & guerrilla warfare in the EU referendum campaign
Culminatum Ltd Oy: Analysing and developing the marketing campaign and internet portal of the "Development of welfare entrepreneurs’ business knowledge, network communication and networking" project.
Individuals doing politics : urban participation, social media campaigning and online nano-politics
Parties, candidates and citizens on-line : studies of politics on the Internet
Communication of politics : cross-cultural theory building in the practice of public relations and political marketing
International quit and win 2002 : handbook
Marketing campaign "OAS student internship program"
The public relations handbook
In Trump we trust : e pluribus awesome!
Start a revolution : stop acting like a library
The success of communication in the adventures of Joe Fin campaign : self-evaluated effects on health behaviour
Electoral strategies and political marketing
The objective of the study was to examine the PR campaign from the point of view of articles from the leading Ukrainian daily newspaper Fakti i kommentarii (Facts and Commentaries). The case in question is Viktor Yushenko's presidential election campaign 2004. Despite Yushenko's brief tenure as a prime minister, he was relatively unknown to most Ukrainians before the election campaign began, but he succeeded in a very short time in his endeavour to win the election. The research question was: What were the main reasons for his victory? The research problem was how to create a successful presidential election campaign. The theoretical part of the thesis is based on reliable and up to date source material. Ronald Smith and Elisa Juholin's theories and findings were used as a principal source and other literature that concentrates on public relations was used along with it. The secondary data was obtained from the unstructured interviews of people from Ukraine. Two persons were interviewed in order to have clearer picture about the Orange Revolution of 2004 in Ukraine. The interviews were made by phone. The author asked two women with different points of view questions about the Ukrainian election campaign of 2004. According to the results of the study the reasons for the victory were both internal and external. The main strengths of Viktor Yushenko's campaign were strong management and leadership of the election campaign, the candidate's credibility and sufficient funding. The study provides evidence that most of the theoretical factors based on previous research were also relevant in this campaign.
Stop the traffik : people shouldn't be bought & sold
Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign : fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change
A functional analysis of the Finnish 2012 presidential debates
The 2015 Chief marketing officer handbook : marketing strategies that work
Marketing campaign for Sportbar Töölö
Love him or hate him, Trump's influence is undeniable. A man of great media savvy, entrepreneurial spirit, and political clout, Trump's career has been plagued by legal troubles and mounting controversy. Johnston tells the full story of how a boy from a quiet section of Queens, NY would become an entirely new, and complex, breed of public figure. Drawing on decades of interviews, financial records, court documents, and public statements, Johnston gives us the most in-depth look yet at the man who would be president.
Defining successful marketing communication: a follow-up of a global campaign : Case company: Wärtsilä Finland
Steinmeier accepted your friend request : German Social Democrats and their online communication through Facebook during the 2009 parliamentary elections
The success of communication in the Adventures of Joe Fin campaign : self-evaluated effects on health behaviour
Advertising is dead : long live advertising!
The mobile marketing handbook : a step-by-step guide to creating dynamic mobile marketing campaigns
