http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5289 religious orders of knighthood
religious orders of knighthood
The military orders. Volume 2, Welfare and warfare
The knights of Malta
Templar families : landowning families and the Order of the Temple in France, c.1120-1307
Templars, Hospitallers and Teutonic Knights : images of the military orders, 1128-1291
Pirates and the lost templar fleet : the secret naval war between the Knights Templar & the Vatican
In search of the Knights Templar : a guide to the sites in Britain
Historical outlines, present day accomplishments
The Knights Templar in Britain
Crusade and pilgrimage : different ways to the City of God
Archaeology and architecture of the military orders : new studies
An illustrated history of the Knights Templar
The spiritual heritage of Constantine the Great : publication in honour of Chancellor Raimo Ilaskivi on his 80th birthday May 26th, 2008
Medieval civilization in Germany 800-1273
Ordo Sancti Constantini Magni 1953-1993 : history of 40 years of the order
Milites Pacis : military and peace services in the history of chivalric orders
The Scorpion. Volume 8 : in the name of the son
The rule of the Templars : the French text of the Rule of the order of the knights Templar
The templars : history & myth
International mobility in the military orders : (Twelfth to Fifteenth Centuries): Travelling on Christ's Business
Knights of fantasy : an overview, history, and critique of the self-styled 'orders' called 'of Saint John' or 'of Malta', in Denmark and other nordic countries
Archaeology of the military orders : a survey of the urban centres, rural settlement and castles of the military orders in the Latin east (c. 1120-1291)
50 years of chivalry : OCM 1953-2003
The Knights Hospitaller of the English langue, 1460-1565
Love, war and the Grail
Papacy, religious orders, and international politics in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries
The Scorpion. Volume 6 : the angel's shadow
The knights of St John in Malta
Sources concerning the Hospitallers of St John in the Netherlands, 14th-18th centuries
The templars
Islands and military orders, c. 1291-c. 1798
The trial of the Templars
The testament
The military orders. [Volume 1], Fighting for the faith and caring for the sick
The Templars : history & myth
A new Norse knighthood? : the impact of the Templars in late twelfth-century Norway
The debate on the Trial of the Templars, 1307-1314
Tuitio Europae : chivalric orders on the spiritual paths of Europe : proceedings of the Conference "The Spiritual Paths of Europe. Crusades, Pilgrimages and Chivalric Orders", Turku 28.-29.11.1997
Castle and church
Secrets of the Knights Templar : the hidden history of the world's most powerful order
The military orders. Volume 3, History and heritage
Holy warriors : the religious ideology of chivalry
Military orders and crusades
The Templars
This book presents a detailed description of the archaeological evidence for the five Military Orders active in the Latin East: the Hospitallers; Templars; Teutonic Knights; Leper Knights of St Lazarus; and Knights of St Thomas. During the 12th and 13th centuries these Military Orders played an active role in the defence of the Latin States in the East (modern Turkey, Syria, Lebanon, Israel and Cyprus) and administered various urban and rural properties. They were also significantly involved in activities relating to the welfare of the Frankish populace and of the pilgrims visiting the Holy Land. The book concentrates on the urban quarters of the Orders, their rural castles, their architecture, and the role they played in shaping military architecture in the Middle Ages.
"Founded in the aftermath of the First Crusade in Jerusalem, the Order of the Temple was a Christian brotherhood dedicated to the military protection of pilgrims and the Holy Land, attracting followers and supporters throughout Christian Europe. This detailed study explores the close relationship between the Order of the Temple and the landowning families it relied upon for support. Focussing on the regions of Burgundy, Champagne and Languedoc, Jochen Schenk investigates the religious expectations that guided noble and knightly families to found and support Templar communities in the European provinces, and examines the social dynamics and mechanisms that tied these families to each other. The book illustrates the close connection between the presence of Cistercians and the incidence of crusading within Templar family networks, and offers new insights into how collective identities and memory were shaped through ritual and tradition among medieval French-speaking social elites"--
The military orders. Volume 4, On land and by sea
The fall of the Templars in the Crown of Aragon
The Scorpion. Volume 7 : the mask of truth
The trial of the templars
Hospitallers : the history of the Order of St. John
