http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5285 ethnic cleansings
ethnic cleansings
International conference on genocide against the Kurdish people : Erbil, 26-28 January 2008
Hakkâri massacres : an anthology of documents related to massacres and deportation of Assyrians in northern Mesopotamia : ethnic cleansing by Turkey 1924-25
Protracted displacement in Asia : no place to call home
Death and exile : the ethnic cleansing of Ottoman Muslims, 1821-1922
Remembering and forgetting after war : narratives of truth, justice and reconciliation in a Bosnian town
Historical archives and the historians' commission to investigate the Armenian events of 1915
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
A clean sweep? : the politics of ethnic cleansing in western Poland, 1945-1960
Sociology after Bosnia and Kosovo : recovering justice
The ethnic cleansing of Palestine
The geography of war and peace : from death camps to diplomats
Fear of small numbers : an essay on the geography of anger
Ethnic cleansing in the Balkans : nationalism and the destruction of tradition
We walked, then ran
Turkey and the Armenian ghost : on the trail of the genocide
Dark tourism and place identity : managing and interpreting dark places
On the path to genocide : Armenia and Rwanda reexamined
The Armenian genocide : the essential reference guide
The gypsies during the Second World War. 3, The final chapter
Clan cleansing in Somalia : the ruinous legacy of 1991
The genocide studies reader
"One of the most important developments in world politics in the last decade has been the spread of the idea that state sovereignty comes with responsibilities as well as privileges, and that there exists a global responsibility to protect people threatened by mass atrocities. The principle of the Responsibility to Protect is an acknowledgment by all who live in zones of safety of a duty of care towards those in zones of danger. Thakur and Maley argue that this principle has not been discussed sufficiently in the context of international and political theory, in particular the nature and foundations of political and international order and the strength and legitimacy of the state. The book brings together a range of authors to discuss the different ways in which the Responsibility to Protect can be theorised, using case studies to locate the idea within wider traditions of moral responsibilities in international relations"--
International criminal law : quo vadis ? : proceedings of the international conference held in Siracusa, Italy, 28 November - 3 December 2002, on the occasion of 30th anniversary of ISISC
The war of the world : history's age of hatred
The new killing fields : massacre and the politics of intervention
Landscaping the human garden : twentieth-century population management in a comparative framework
Blood and belonging : journeys into the new nationalism
Ethnic cleansing and the European Union : an interdisciplinary approach to security, memory and ethnography
Ethnicity and conflict in the former Yugoslavia
Social outsiders in Nazi Germany
The Armenian genocide : evidence from the German Foreign Office archives, 1915-1916
Days of tragedy in Armenia : personal experiences in Harpoot, 1915-1917
Purify and destroy : the political uses of massacre and genocide
Grandville Noël : a fantasy
Genocide lives in us : women, memory, and silence in Rwanda
The Circassian genocide
The historiography of genocide
What is genocide?
Genocide : truth, memory, and representation
Theorising the responsibility to protect
Massacres, resistance, protectors : Muslim-Christian relations in Eastern Anatolia during World War I
Ethnic cleansing and the Indian : the crime that should haunt America
Genocide has scarred human societies since Antiquity. In the modern era, genocide has been a global phenomenon: from massacres in colonial America, Africa, and Australia to the Holocaust of European Jewry and mass death in Maoist China. In recent years, the discipline of 'genocide studies' has developed to offer analysis and comprehension. The Oxford Handbook of Genocide Studies is the first book to subject both genocide and the young discipline it has spawned to systematic, in-depth investigation. Thirty-four renowned experts study genocide through the ages by taking regional, thematic, and disciplinary-specific approaches. Chapters examine secessionist and political genocides in modern Asia. Others treat the violent dynamics of European colonialism in Africa, the complex ethnic geography of the Great Lakes region, and the structural instability of the continent's northern horn. South and North America receive detailed coverage, as do the Ottoman Empire, Nazi-occupied Europe, and post-communist Eastern Europe. Sustained attention is paid to themes like gender, memory, the state, culture, ethnic cleansing, military intervention, the United Nations, and prosecutions. The work is multi-disciplinary, featuring the work of historians, anthropologists, lawyers, political scientists, sociologists, and philosophers. Uniquely combining empirical reconstruction and conceptual analysis, this Handbook presents and analyses regions of genocide and the entire field of 'genocide studies' in one substantial volume.
Goodbye, Antoura : a memoir of the Armenian genocide
The psychology of genocide : perpetrators, bystanders, and rescuers
The rage of Islam : an account of the massacre of Christians by the Turks in Persia
Turkish atrocities : statements of American missionaries on the destruction of Christian communities in Ottoman Turkey, 1915-1917
Buried secrets : truth and human rights in Guatemala
My grandmother : an Armenian-Turkish memoir
Genocide before the Holocaust
Diaries of a Danish missionary : Harpoot, 1907-1919
Into that darkness : an examination of conscience
The Armenian genocide : a complete history
Blood and soil : a world history of genocide and extermination from Sparta to Darfur
The killing trap : genocide in the twentieth century
Genocide : a comprehensive introduction
War by other means : aftermath in post-genocide Guatemala
Terrible fate : ethnic cleansing in the making of modern Europe
History delayed : the response of the United Nations to rape as an act of genocide in Bosnia-Herzegovina and Rwanda in the 1990's
Germany's genocide of the Herero : why Kaiser Wilhelm II gave the order
Cleansing the Czechoslovak borderlands : migration, environment, and health in the former Sudetenland
Christianity and genocide in Rwanda
The great game of genocide : imperialism, nationalism, and the destruction of the Ottoman Armenians
A shameful act : the Armenian genocide and the question of Turkish responsibility
The Armenian massacres in Ottoman Turkey : a disputed genocide
The responsibility to protect : ending mass atrocity crimes once and for all
Nationalism and territory : constructing group identity in Southeastern Europe
International justice in Rwanda and the Balkans : virtual trials and the struggle for state cooperation
"One of the most important developments in world politics in the last decade has been the spread of the twin ideas that state sovereignty comes with responsibilities - both domestic and international - as well as privileges, and that there exists a global responsibility to protect people threatened by mass-atrocity crimes. The 2001 report of the International Commission on Intervention and State Sovereignty entitled The Responsibility to Protect put these ideas into active circulation, and United Nations resolutions in 2005 on the 60th anniversary of the establishment of the United Nations gave the idea further substance. More recently, the justification of NATO action in Libya on the strength of Security Council Resolutions 1970 and 1973, which made explicit reference to the principle of the Responsibility to Protect, has put this particular notion at the centre of discussion of some of the most challenging political dilemmas of our times. As international leaders struggle to find ways to deal with mounting political violence in Syria and more recently with the emergence of the self-styled 'Islamic State in Iraq and Syria', the idea of the Responsibility to Protect, now increasingly labelled simply R2P, is never far below the surface"--
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Towards the end of impunity? Mens rea of genocide and ethnic cleansing in the case law of the Yugoslavia tribunal
Taimur : the only survivor of women and children Anfal mass graves
Crisis at Bihac : Bosnia's bloody battlefield, including the Carter peace iniative, Croatia reclaims Western Slavonia, the fall of the Krajina Serbs
"Explains Responsibility to Protect (R2P), a new international norm to protect the peoples of the world. With real-world examples, current events analysis, and assessments from personal experience, shows how R2P is better equipped to end mass atrocity crimes than is "the right to intervene" or other "humanitarian intervention" doctrines"--Provided by publisher.
The slaughterhouse province : an American diplomat's report on the Armenian genocide, 1915-1917
Catching fire : containing forced migration in a volatile world
The Armenian genocide : cultural and ethical legacies
Human rights and wrongs : slavery, terror, genocide
Iron Curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe 1944-56
Witness to Jasenovac's hell
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Summary.
The first genocide of the twentieth century remains unrecognized and unpunished. One hundred years later, Turkey continues to deny the slaughter of over a million Ottoman Armenians in 1915 and the following years. What sets the Armenian genocide apart from other mass atrocities is that the country responsible has never officially acknowledged its actions, and no individual has ever been brought to justice. Here, the authors visit historic sites and interview politicians, elderly survivors, descendants, authors, and activists in a quest for the hidden truth. Taking the reader into remote mountain regions, tiny hamlets, and the homes of traumatized victims of a deadly persecution that continues to this day, they reveal little-known aspects of the history and culture of a people who have been rendered invisible in their ancient homeland. Seeking to illuminate complex issues of blame and responsibility, guilt and innocence, the authors discuss the roles played in this drama by the "righteous Turks," the Kurds, the converts, the rebels, and the "leftovers of the sword." They also describe the struggle to have the genocide officially recognized in Turkey, France, and the United States. Arguing that this masssive cover-up has had consequences for Turks as well as for Armenians, the authors point to a society sickened by a century of denial. The face of Turkey is gradually changing, however, and a new generation of Turks is beginning to understand what happened and to realize that the ghost of the Armenian genocide must be recognized and laid to rest.--From publisher description.
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
Tortured minds, broken bodies : How rape can constitute genocide
Emigration, refugees and ethnic cleansing : the death of Yugoslavia, 1991-1999
The final solution : a genocide
"The violence of Mao's China is well known, but its extreme form is not. In 1967 and 1968, during the Cultural Revolution, collective killings were widespread in rural China in the form of public execution. Victims included women, children, and the elderly. This book is the first to systematically document and analyze these atrocities, drawing data from local archives, government documents, and interviews with survivors in two southern provinces. This book extracts from the Chinese case lessons that challenge the prevailing models of genocide and mass killings and contributes to the historiography of the Cultural Revolution, in which scholarship has mainly focused on events in urban areas"--Provided by publisher.
The Oxford handbook of genocide studies
Human rights in global politics
This study recounts the reasons why the order for the Herero genocide was very likely issued by the Kaiser himself, and why proof of this has not emerged before now.
Bosnia remade : ethnic cleansing and its reversal
Genocide at the millennium : a critical bibliographic review
Understanding the Turkish-Armenian controversy over 1915
Making sense of mass atrocity
Obedience troubled? : exploring meanings of obedience in the post-genocide Rwanda
From official history to personal history : Edwidge Danticat's The farming of bones
Collective killings in rural China during the cultural revolution
Ujedinjeni narodi na srebreničkom stubu srama : 104 svjedočenja o ulozi UN-a u genocidu nad stanovništvom "Zaštićene zone Srebrenice" = The United Nations on the Srebrenica's pillar of shame : 104 testimonies about the role of the UN in genocide against the population of the UN "Srebrenica Safe Haven"
The criminal law of genocide : international, comparative, and contextual aspects
Century of genocide : critical essays and eyewitness accounts
War and nationalism : the Balkan wars, 1912-1913, and their sociopolitical implications
"In 1991, certain political and military leaders in Somalia, wishing to gain exclusive control over the state, mobilized their followers to use terror—wounding, raping, and killing—to expel a vast In 1991, certain political and military leaders in Somalia, wishing to gain exclusive control over the state, mobilized their followers to use terror—wounding, raping, and killing—to expel a vast number of Somalis from the capital city of Mogadishu and south-central and southern Somalia. Manipulating clan sentiment, they succeeded in turning ordinary civilians against neighbors, friends, and coworkers. Although this episode of organized communal violence is common knowledge among Somalis, its real nature has not been publicly acknowledged and has been ignored, concealed, or misrepresented in scholarly works and political memoirs—until now. Marshaling a vast amount of source material, including Somali poetry and survivor accounts, Clan Cleansing in Somalia analyzes this campaign of clan cleansing against the historical background of a violent and divisive military dictatorship, in the contemporary context of regime collapse, and in relationship to the rampant militia warfare that followed in its wake. Clan Cleansing in Somalia also reflects on the relationship between history, truth, and postconflict reconstruction in Somalia. Documenting the organization and intent behind the campaign of clan cleansing, Lidwien Kapteijns traces the emergence of the hate narratives and code words that came to serve as rationales and triggers for the violence. However, it was not clans that killed, she insists, but people who killed in the name of clan. Kapteijns argues that the mutual forgiveness for which politicians often so lightly call is not a feasible proposition as long as the violent acts for which Somalis should forgive each other remain suppressed and undiscussed. Clan Cleansing in Somalia establishes that public acknowledgment of the ruinous turn to communal violence is indispensable to social and moral repair, and can provide a gateway for the critical memory work required from Somalis on all sides of this multifaceted conflict." --Provided by publisher.
The crime and the silence : a quest for the truth of a wartime massacre
Unreconciled differences : Turkey, Armenia and Azerbaijan
Denial of violence : Ottoman past, Turkish present and collective violence against the Armenians, 1789-2009
The grandchildren : the hidden legacy of "lost" Armenians in Turkey
Raphael Lemkin and the struggle for the Genocide Convention
Serbian myth about Jasenovac
Chios 1822-1912: from massacre to liberation : selections from the literature of the period
Genocide : approaches, case studies, and responses
Cannibal Island : death in a Siberian gulag
