http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5280 Finnish Americans
Finnish Americans
THE DELAWARE FINNS OR THE FIRST PERMANENT..
Views from Finland = Kuvia Suomesta
On assimilation and language use among Finnish immigrants
The theology of the cross : reflections on themes from Finnish American Lutheran heritage
Meeting a child of the Karelian fever
THE FINN IN AMERICA
The Lutheran counselor : publication of the Finnish Evangelical Lutheran Church of America - (Suomi Synod)
The story of the Suomi Synod, the Finnish Evangelical Lutheran Church of America, 1890-1962
In this article, we take a look at Gainesville, a northern Florida university town, as a sample of today's (2010) Finnish-American immigration patterns. The Gainesville area has a history of Finnish immigration, but, as elsewhere in the United States, the stereotypical immigrant has changed from a male laborer more to an educated woman. We base the article on interviews with eleven Finnish women living in Gainesville. What the interviews show is that all these women treasure their Finnish heritage and their Finnish or bicultural identity. They maintain contacts with Finland, intend to maybe return there one day, and attempt to pass the Finnish language to their children. These women differ from the typical immigrants of the late 19th and early 20th centuries: in addition to being highly educated and of a higher socio-economic class, they live in a different world where visiting the 'Old Country' is often an annual possibility, where Finnish language can be accessed via the internet, DVDs, telephones, and Skype, and where returning to Finland is not out of the question. Yet, these Finnish women struggle to pass their Finnish cultural identity and the Finnish language to their children, and just like the Finnish immigrants a century ago, they feel a sense of community, being brought together by the mere common denominator of Finnishness..
The Spirit of Finland is tangible piece of aluminum, but by its formation it shows S's: Suomi, Sisu, Swan, Sibelius, Sun, and of course, Sauna. These are some of the intangibles that the Finnish Heritage Museum's new sculpture invokes. The new, recently installed, 14 foot abstract aluminum piece graces the front of the Museum on High Street in Fairport Harbor, Ohio..
Manifesto of the communist party
Value, price and profit : addressed to working men
The pastors from Finland at the Suomi Synod
Finnish american horizons
Form and content of immigrant socialist ideology : the case of the Finnish-American left
Greetings of peace : Apostolic Lutheran Christian monthly
Englantilais-suomalainen sanakirja = English and Finnish dictionary
Sarepta rest home, Republic, Michigan : 25th anniversary 1934-1959
An American journey : the "activist" lives of Gust Alonen and Carl Paivio
Sow the golden seed : a history of the Fitchburg (Mass.) Finnish-American newspaper Raivaaja 1905-1955
Constitution of Faith Lutheran Church, Calumet, Michigan : adopted December 23, 1964.
The messenger : the official Sunday school paper of the Suomi Synod
Good news from Suomi
A central theme throughout the history of the United States has been the preservation and expansion of individual civil liberties. Beginning with the Bill of Rights in 1791 and continuing with the addition of further Amendments to the United States Constitution, the federal government, and later state governments, have enacted legislation and issued judicial rulings that strengthened and expanded America's tradition of preserving individual liberties. There have been, however, times during America's history where the nation and its people have succumbed to events, both actual and perceived, to break with the cherished practice of protecting the civil liberties of its people. One such episode, the Red Scare, occurred at the end of the First World War with two of Finland's native sons, Gust Alonen and Carl Paivio, engulfed in these tumultuous events. Their lives became a part of the very fabric of America's history in the first half of the twentieth century..
The Canadian sojourn of a Finnish-American radical
The dialogue between Finland and the United States - and the Finnish-Americans
Finnish immigrants in America 1880-1920
The Finn in America
The fishing village of Finn Slough, Vancouver, Canada
Finnish-American anarcho-syndicalism and the industrial workers of the world
Finlandia Foundation National
Speech given at the commencement exercises Suomi College, Hancock, Michigan, April 30, 1972
Finnish Independence Day in the United States
My journey to America
A Finnish grammar
Englantilais-suomalainen sanakirja = [English and Finnish dictionary]
The swedes and finns in New Jersey
Haven in the woods : the story of the Finns in Wisconsin
Suomalais-englantilainen sanakirja = Finnish-English dictionary
The last days of Matti Kurikka's utopia : a historical vignette
Uutta tietoa amerikansuomalaisten historiasta = New sources of information about Finnish-American history
Suomi inklings : published monthly by the students of Suomi college
Sukulaiset : the kindred : arvostelu
"Like Finlanders do in Finland" : associations with Finnishness and the construction of cultural identity in narrations of Finnish Americans in the documentaries Finnish American Lives and Tradition Bearers
Tales from a Finnish tupa
The Bridge
Finnish American ethnic identity and sisu
Finnish-American identity
Pilgrimage to America
Copper Country Art Exhibition : Suomi College, J. K. Nikander Hall, Hancock, Mich. July 2 - August 15. 1956.
Modernization, emigration and the family : the Finnish case
The Finns in American colonial history
Red exodus : Finnish-American emigration to Russia
Betlehem evangelical Lutheran church, Wing, North Dakota : 50th anniversary, 1908-1958 : 10th anniversary of merger, 1948-1958
Fenni : the Finns among us : a history of the Finns in New England and beyond
Who's who among Finnish-Americans : a biographical directory of persons of Finnish descent who have made noteworthy contributions to the pattern of American life
The Victorian portraits of Lady Ostapeck : somewhere in time
Finnish album to commemorate Detroit's 250th birthday
Finnish American magazine
Sylvia. Part 1
Haven in the woods : the story of the finns in Wisconsin
Dressing and dressing
Stubborn and silent Finns with 'sisu' in Finnish-American literature : an imagological study of Finnishness in the literary production of Finnish-American authors
How Finnish are the Thunder Bay Finns?
Sources of housemaid studies
Vancouver Finlandia Club tiedottaa
First permanent settlement in Delaware River valley
Finlandia : the racial composition, the language and a brief history of the Finnish people
The Finnish American Chamber of Commerce newsletter
American Finnish identity
The All-Michigan youth symphony and the youth symphonies of Finland : Midsummer music festival June 23 to August 9, 1973.
The bridge : linking Suomi College, alumni and friends
Laskiainen Yearbook : St. Louis county rural schools
Finnish tercentenary day : 300th anniversary of First Finnish Settlement in America : official program : Chester, Pennsylvania, June 29, 1938.
The Delaware Finns and John Morton : seeking to legitimize the immigrant experience in America
Socialist songs
Dedication St. Mark's Lutheran church : to the glory and service of the Triune God : the first Sunday in December 1. 1957.
The americanization of the Finns
On the footsteps of the Delaware Finns and John Morton : an interpretation of the Finnish-American history by Salomon Ilmonen
Foreigne Language Information Service
Notes on the possibilities and attractions of existence : selected poems 1965-2000
American Finns as language learners : the age issue
Journal of Finnish studies. Volume 16 number 2.
"Struggle a hard battle" : essays on working-class immigrants
Ode to Minnesota
Finns in the USA : patterns of immigration and settlement since 1900
Pilgrimage to America : poems
Blueberry God : the education of a Finnish-American
Finns in America - as viewed from Finland
The Atlantic Finns : a forgotten ethnic minority
Finnish-American weekly
Finland review
Ethnic symbols : their roles in maintaining and constructing Finnish American culture
The Finland Sentinel : Official organ of The Finland constitutional league of America
A new original John Morton document 1768
Spirit of Finland stands quietly and proudly
Why Karelian "fever"?
St Urho - Finnish-American and Finnish-Canadian patron saint
Language retention in the ethnic identification of Winnipeg's Finnish population
Finnish-American songs and tunes, from mines, lumber camps, and workers' halls
Musiikkiopin alkeet = Elementary course in musical theory
Finns and Finnicans
Finns of interior B.C., Canada - Okanagan Valley : case study
Bill Kangas & The Lahti Brothers
What is a Finntown?
A coal mine exploded in Scofield, Utah, on May Day 1900.
Pioneer pastors' wives chose the role of service : a noble but often difficult calling
Ethnicity in the informal networks of older sunbelt migrants : a case history of the Finns in Florida
Social, historical and archival aspects of the Finnish immigration to Michigan
On the move, on their own : female Finnish immigrants in the Red Lodge, Montana
Some reflections on the writing of the history of the Finnish evangelical lutheran church
History of the Finns in Minnesota
Finnish women in Gainesville, Florida
Kalevala: the epic of the Finns
Delaware festival : commemorating the first Finnish settlers of the Delaware River Valley in 1638 : historical program : June 18th and 19th, 1938 at the historic fair grounds Brooklyn - Connecticut
The Finn factor in American labor, culture and society
An oath of treason
Finnam news
Finnish North Americans today by statistics
The Delaware Finns : or, The first permanent settlements in Pennsylvania, Delaware, West New Jersey and eastern part of Maryland
The Delaware Finns or The first permanent settlements in Pennsylvania, Delaware, West New Jersey and eastern part of Maryland
The rowan tree : the lifework of Marjorie Edgar, Girl Scout pioneer and folklorist : with her Finnish folk song collection "Songs from Metsola"
The Civil War in France : with an introduction by Friederich Engels
Finnish-American architecture and architects in Northern and Eastern parts of the United States of America 1850-1950 : from rural tradition to urban ideal
Salomon Ilmonen, early Finnish-American historian
The dialogue between Finland and United States - and the Finnish-Americans
Suur-New Yorkin suomalaisten osoiteopas sekä hyödyllisiä tietoja : 1932 = Greater New York Finnish directory and useful information
