http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5290 gender differences
gender differences sex differences
Earnings differentials between men and women : study based on the Structure of Earnings Survey (SES)
The association between stress and vocal symptoms
She goes "Yeah"... and I said "Oh". Gender differences in the use of direct reported speech in English conversations
Molecular mechanisms of sexual dimorphism in threespine stickleback
Sociocultural context of body dissatisfaction and possibilities of vibroacoutic therapy in diminishing body dissatisfaction
In this volume, gender is seen as a communicative achievement and as a social category interacting with other social parametres such as age, status, prestige, institutional and ethnic frameworks, cultural and situative contexts. The authors come from a variety of backgrounds such as sociology of communication, anthropological linguistics, sociolinguistics, social psychology, and text linguistics. Masculinity and femininity are conceived of as varying culturally, historically and contextually. All contributions discuss empirical research of communication and the question of whether (and how) gender is a salient variable in discourse. So, one aim of the book is to trace the varying relevance of gender in interaction. Emotion politics, ideology, body concepts, and speech styles are related to ethnographic description of the contexts within which communication takes place. These contexts range from private to public communication, and from mixed-sex to same-sex conversations framed by different cultural backgrounds.
The psychology of women
Gender differences in mutual funds' perfomance : empirical research of Finnish mutual fund managers
Sex differences and similarities in communication : critical essays and empirical investigations of sex and gender in interaction
School shootings and student performance
Studies on wage differentials and labour market transitions
Why men don't listen & women can't read maps
Failing at fairness : how America's schools cheat girls
Delusions of gender : how our minds, society, and neurosexism create difference
He and she : men in the eighties
Female football fans : community, identity and sexism
Sexing the brain
Act like a lady, think like a man : what men really think about love, relationships, intimacy, and commitment
The effects of inbreeding on mating success and offspring production of males and females in a Drosophila littoralis population
We should all be feminists
Affect regulation, mental health disorders, and maladaptive brain responses in music listening : a correlational study
Sexually transmitted diseases : knowledge base and attitudes of young adults in an institute of higher education about sexually transmitted diseases, Finland
Occupational well-being : the role of areas of worklife and achievement and social strategies
The stressed sex : uncovering the truth about men, women, & mental health
The stressed sex : uncovering the truth about men, women, and mental health
Labour market flows by gender in Finland
Sex-related differences in leaf morphological and physiological responses in Hippophae rhamnoides along an altitudinal gradient
Alpha girls : understanding the new american girl and how she is changing the world
How does gender influence leadership styles and how does this relate to crisis leadership
Praeger guide to the psychology of gender
The Finnish success in Pisa - and some reasons behind it : Pisa 2000
Studying autonomous motives in physical education and leisure time contexts
We trust our sciences to operate on a plane of objectivity and fact in a world of subjectivity and cultural ideologies, but should we? In The Age of Scientific Sexism, philosopher Mari Ruti offers a sharp critique of the gender profiling tendencies of evolutionary psychology, untangling the insidious threads of various gender mythologies that have infiltrated-or perhaps even define-this faux-science. Selling stereotypes as scientific facts, evolutionary psychology continually brings retrograde models of sexuality into mainstream culture: it insists that men and women live in two completely different psychological, emotional, and sexual universes, and that they will consequently always be locked in a vicious battle of the sexes. Among these regressive arguments is the assumption that men's sexuality is urgent and indiscriminate, whereas women are "naturally" reluctant, reticent, and choosy-a concept constructed to justify masculine behavior, such as cheating, that women have historically found painful. On its most basic level, The Age of Scientific Sexism explores our impulse to "explain" romantic behavior through science: in the increasingly egalitarian gender landscape of our society, why are we so eager to embrace the rampant gender profiling that evolutionary psychology promotes? Perhaps these simplistic gender caricatures owe their popularity, at least in part, to our overly pragmatic society pragmatic society, which encourages us to search for easy answers to complex questions.
Women and men : interdisciplinary readings on gender
Sex and gender
School differences and inequities in educational outcomes : PISA 2000 results of reading literacy in Finland
Trends in suicidality in Eastern Finland, 1988-1997
Gendered poverty and social change : an issues paper
Gender and everyday life
Poles apart? : the experience of gender
The purpose of boys : helping our sons find meaning, significance and direction in their lives
Men are from Mars, women are from Venus : the definitive guide to relationships
The age of scientific sexism : how evolutionary psychology promotes gender profiling and fans the battle of the sexes
Older women's mobility and transportation issues : restraints and regulations, lust and splendour
Women after all : sex, evolution, and the end of male supremacy
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis /Kaisa Kotakorpi, Panu Poutvaara
Adiponectin and low-grade inflammation in relation to preceding factors and the course of the metabolic syndrome : a gender-specific view
Leaving the rice fields but not the countryside : gender, livelihood diversification and pro-poor growth in rural Viet Nam
The associations of student temperament type, gender and teacher temperament type with adolescent well-being in school
Why are we so insistent that women and men are different? This introduction to gender provides a fascinating and genuinely readable exploration of how society divides people into feminine women and masculine men. It explores gender as a way of seeing women and men as not just biological organisms, but as people shaped by their everyday social world. Examining how gender has been understood and lived in the past; how it is understood and done differently by different cultures and groups within cultures; Mary Holmes considers the strengths and limitations of different ways of thinking and learning to 'do' gender.Key sociological and feminist ideas about gender are covered from Christine Pisan to Mary Wollstonecraft: from symbolic interactionism to second wave feminism through to the work of Judith Butler. The book illustrates gender with a range of familiar and contemporary examples: everything from nineteenth century fashions in China and Britain, to discussions of what Barbie can tell us about gender in America, to the lives of working women in Japan. This book will be of great use and interest to students to gender studies, sociology and feminist theory.
"Language and Gender is an introduction to the study of the relation between gender and language use, written by two leading experts in the field. This new edition, thoroughly updated and restructured, brings out more strongly an emphasis on practice and change, while retaining the broad scope of its predecessor and its accessible introductions which explain the key concepts in a non-technical way. The authors integrate issues of sexuality more thoroughly into the discussion, exploring more diverse gendered and sexual identities and practices. The core emphasis is on change, both in linguistic resources and their use and in gender and sexual ideologies and personae. This book explores how change often involves conflict and competing norms, both social and linguistic. Drawing on their own extensive research, as well as other key literature, the authors argue that the connections between language and gender are deep yet fluid, and arise in social practice"--
Women and Men: New Perspectives on Gender Differences presents data from the biological and social sciences that describe the state of research findings and contribute to our current understanding of gender differences, their range and extent, and how they are influenced and created by social, cultural, and biological factors. Ten contributors from the diverse fields of anthropology, economics, education, endocrinology, neurophysiology, psychiatry, and women's studies come together to explore research on gender differences from a variety of perspectives.
Evolution and sources of individual variation in mate preferences in humans
Gender and language use : apologies in women's and men's speech in the United Kingdom : a corpus-based study
"Women, Men and Language" is an essential introduction to the key area of language and gender. It sketches the historical background, summarises recent research and introduces students to the key issues in the field using an unpretentious and clear style. Gender is a hugely popular topic and this book provides the answer to questions such as 'Do men and women talk differently?'; 'In what ways do they talk differently'; 'Does Language play a role in male dominance?'.
Handbook of gender & work
The female brain
The effects of the adoption of woman suffrage : sex differences in voting behavior - Illinois, 1914-21
What predicts interpersonal problem-solving : influences of gender identity and response style on interpersonal problem-solving
Performance-related pay and gender wage differences
The nature of self-employment: does gender matter?
Gender Development is the first book to examine gender from a truly developmental perspective. It looks at the processes involved in the development of gender, addressing sensitive and complex questions. The authors provide an up-to-date integrative review of theory and research, tracing gender development from the moment of conception through adulthood and emphasizing the complex interaction for biology, socialization, and cognition. The topics covered include hormonal influences, moral development, play and friendships, experiences at school and work and psychopathology. This comprehensive overview will fill a real need for a textbook and sourcebook for college and graduate students, parents, teachers, counselors and researchers.
The birth of pleasure
No idle hands : the social history of American knitting
Boys and schooling in the early years
Gender-specific features of male/female interaction in a popular romantic novel by Barbara Cartland
Gender in interaction : perspectives on femininity and masculinity in ethnography and discourse
Understanding gender and organizations
Women returning to higher education
Offers an updated definition of feminism for the twenty-first century, one rooted in inclusion and awareness.
From the dress-up corner to the senior prom : navigating gender and sexuality diversity in preK-12 schools
Raising Girls : why girls are different - and how to help them grow up happy and confident
Gender issues in farming systems research and extension
Girls : [The complete collection]
Sugar, spice, and everything nice : cinemas of girlhood
George Gissing and the woman question : convention and dissent
When a man faces a difficult decision, he needs to make a judgement. When a woman faces the same decision, she also needs to avoid being judged. Conventional decision-making wisdom often doesn't apply. Under stress, a man's ability to make good decisions crumbles long before a woman's. And yet even the smartest women can dismiss rational decisions as a product of their intuition. Using personal interviews and expert data analysis, cognitive psychologist Therese Huston demonstrates the unique psychological and cultural differences between the sexes. Drawing on personal interviews with business leaders and expert data analysis, she demonstrates the unique psychological differences between the sexes that affect how women work, lead and make big life choices. Passionate, persuasive and superbly researched, How Women Decide offers a wealth of practical and enlightening insights, enabling women to make stronger, smarter decisions in a world that still whispers they can't.
Drawing on the latest research in neuroscience and psychology, Cordelia Fine debunks the myth of hardwired differences between men's and women's brains, unraveling the evidence behind such claims as men's brains aren't wired for empathy and women's brains aren't made to fix cars. She then goes one step further, offering a very different explanation of the dissimilarities between men's and women's behavior. Instead of a "male brain" and a "female brain," Fine gives us a glimpse of plastic, mutable minds that are continuously influenced by cultural assumptions about gender.--From publisher description.
Communication, gender, and sex roles in diverse interaction contexts
Play or be played : what every female should know about men, dating and relationships
Sex differences in memory and other cognitive abilities
Gender differences in the patterns of Internet use among students : a case study of the University of Zambia
Work intensity, gender and well-being
Labour market reforms, institutions, and the quality of employment : should we all follow German Hartz model in reforming labour markets?
Adolescents' perceptions of school and reasons for learning
Text authenticity in international reading literacy assessment : focusing on PISA 2000
Evolutionary conflicts in a small mammal : behavioural, physiological and genetic differences between the sexes
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
Women, wives, mothers : values and options
One of the most important series of events in modern times--the restructuring of sex roles to adapt them to modern life--is here chronicled from the perspective of a lifetime of studying and writing about women. In this lively, lucid book Jessie Bernard examines, with concern and expertise, the dramatic changes in values experienced by women of all ages in all classes of society, and how these changes affect the options available to women today--as women, as wives, as mothers. Bernard begins her five-part examination with a critical overview of research on sex differences, pointing out the sexism that is implicit in most of this research and suggesting what kinds of research should be done. She discusses the paradox involved in preparing girls for the most demanding of all roles--motherhood--by fostering weakness in them rather than strength. She writes of the ages and stages of motherhood and the momentous changes now in process in the roles of wife and mother, as more women combine labor force participation with marriage and motherhood. Bernard contrasts the positions of the nineteenth- and twentieth-century feminist movements with respect to class, and reports on the influence of the feminist movement on working class and African-American women. The last part of the book tells of the bitter fruits of extreme sex role specialization, both for women and for society, and examines policy-relevant research on motherhood. Bernard explores the many new potentialities open to women, and, finally, the societal forms that will be necessary in order for women to plan their lives with wider latitude. Both the general reader and students of women's studies will be delighted and informed by Jessie Bernard's enlightening report on where women have been and where they are going in American society.
Prevalence and pretrauma risk factors of stress disorders : a prospective cohort study of 66,870 Finnish public sector employees
Unequal pay for women and men : evidence from the British birth cohort studies
Metabolic studies on adipose tissue in severe obesity
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
The sexual paradox  : troubled boys, gifted girls and the real difference between the sexes
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
The ILO principle of equal pay and its implementation
Masculine/Feminine : readings in sexual mythology and the liberation of women
Words and women
Exploring gendered cultures
Gender differences in educational outcomes : study on the measures taken and the current situation in Europe
Zeros + ones : digital women + the new technoculture
Why Mars & Venus collide
Gender issues in sport and exercise : proceedings of the Gender Issues in Sport and Exercise Conference organised by the Centre for Physical Education and Sport, the Physical Education and Sports Science Unit of the University of Hong Kong, and sponsored by the Hong Kong  Sports Development Board : Saturday, 25 November 1995 Sports House, Causeway Bay Hong Kong
Hours of paid work in dual earner couples : the U.S. in cross-national perspective
Simone de Beauvoir's phenomenology of sexual difference
Gender, socioeconomic status and family status as determinants of food behaviour
Sex and psyche : gender and self viewed cross-culturally
The nature of self-employment: how does gender matter?
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Sex differences in human communication
The effects of a 10-week combined maximal and explosive strength and high-intesity endurance training period on neuromuscular performance and 3K time-trial in males and females
Same difference : how gender myths are hurting our relationships, our children, and our jobs
Sex differences in determinants of educational and occupational goal orientation : a study among 12.000 Swedish sixth graders
Language and gender
The spindle and the spear : a critical enquiry into the construction and meaning of gender in the early Anglo-Saxon burial rite
Gendered talk at work : constructing social identity through workplace interaction
Living together... : female/male communication
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
What men say, what women hear
The frailty myth : women approaching physical equality
Gender and social psychology
It's not the stork : a book about girls, boys, babies, bodies, families, and friends
The gender gap in college : maximizing the developmental potential of women and men
Indifferent Gender Preferences among Childless Beijing Citizens
Abstract: Racist identity within youth groups : a case study in the city of Joensuu at the turn of the millenium
Female style vs. male style or something in between? : a case study on gendered communication on the Humans of New York Facebook page
Studies on earnings dynamics and uncertainty in return to education
The second X and women's health
Men, addiction, and intimacy : strengthening recovery by fostering the emotional development of boys and men
The impact of achievement goal orientation profile and gender on the self-assessed school values regarding different subjects
Riddles of Finnish gender history
The development of sex typing in middle childhood
Twin-singleton differences among ESL students : a study of affective and cognitive factors at the age of 12
The social psychology of female-male relations : a critical analysis of central concepts
Descriptive findings on the convergence of female and male mortality in Europe
Gendering organization topics : editorial
Sex differences in cognitive functions : a study of same-sex and opposite-sex twin pairs
The body : social and cultural dissections
Why gender matters : what parents and teachers need to know about the emerging science of sex differences
"Konner traces the arc of evolution to explain the relationships between women and men, ... [exploring] the knotty question of whether men are necessary in the biological destiny of the human race. He draws on multiple, colorful examples from the natural world--such as the mating habits of the octopus, black widow, angler fish, and jacana--and argues that maleness in humans is hardly necessary to the survival of the species"--Dust jacket flap.
Luce Irigaray's philosophy of feminine being : body, desire and wisdom
Women and men : new perspectives on gender differences
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Heidegger, Levinas and the feminine
In "Democracy Begins with Two" Luce Irigaray calls for a radical reconsideration of the so-called democratic bases of Western culture. In a series of essays covering the earlier 1990s she argues the urgent need for our society to grant full recognition to both the genders which contribute to its functioning. If we are to look on ourselves as fully democratic this recognition must take the form of specific civil rights guaranteeing women a separate civil identity of their own, equivalent to, though not simply the same as, that enjoyed by men. Ranging across topics as diverse as happiness, the family, the construction of the European Union, the transition from natural to civil existence and love, Irigaray exploits her resources as a writer - philosophical, linguistic, psychoanalytical, poetical -to their rhetorical limits. She interweaves her personal experience of an emotional and politico-professional partnership with her re-reading of History, past and present.
Report talk and rapport talk : the use of the different functions of the discourse markers 'you know' and 'I mean' in the speech produced by men and women
She-Q : why women should mentor men and change the world
Work with me
Why men lie & woman cry
The sexual paradox : troubled boys, gifted girls and the real difference between the sexes
Sexualized brains : scientific modeling of emotional intelligence from a cultural perspective
Connections between degree of social proximity and gender typed play in mother-infant interactions
Feisty females : inspiring girls to think mathematically
Making spaces : citizenship and difference in schools
"Most sociological work on football fandom has focused on the 'malestream', i.e. the experience of men, and it usually talks about socially 'deviant' behaviours, such as alcohol, fighting and general hooliganism. Yet there have always been female fans of football - even if they have been ignored or written out of the literature. This book shows that there are some unique facets of female experience, including a strong engagement with the new cooperative supporters' trust movement, and fascinating negotiations of identity within this male-dominated world. It draws upon in-depth responsive interviews to put together a broad picture of women's experiences of men's professional football in England. "--
Language, sexualities and desires : cross-cultural perspectives
Internet through the eyes of 11-year-old children : first-hand experiences from the technological environment children live in
From the host of the popular 'Steve Harvey morning show' comes a funny, honest, and foolproof guide for all women that takes them inside the heads of men and shows how men think about love, sex, and commitment.
Mental rotation and mental folding in 7- and 8-year-old children
Statin adherence and its effect on cost-effectiveness in the prevention of cardiovascular events
Serum hormone concentrations and physical performance during concurrent strength and endurance training in recreational male and female endurance runners
Exploring gender : questions and implications for English language education
Ambiguous images : gender and rock art
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Sex is a funny word
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis
Gender sensitivity of well-being indicators
Is it really gender? : an empirical investigation into gender effects in technology adoption through the examination of individual differences
Modernizing tradition : gender and consumerism in interwar France and Germany
The family study : a code book
The politics of gender pay equity : policy mechanisms, institutionalised undervaluation, and non-decision making
The effects of ICT on school: teachers’ and students’ perspectives
Boys and girls learn differently! : a guide for teachers and parents
Sexually transmitted diseases: knowledge base and attitudes of young adults in an institute of higher education about sexually transmitted diseases, Finland
Women, men and language : a sociolinguistic account of sex differences in language
Every day millions of people struggle with psychological and emotional problems. The Stressed Sex sets out to answer a simple, but crucial, question: are rates of psychological disorder different for men and women? The implications - for individuals and society alike - are far-reaching, and to date, this important issue has been largely ignored in all the debates raging about gender differences. Now Daniel Freeman and Jason Freeman present a ground-breaking combination of epidemiological analysis and evidence-based science to get to the bottom of what's really going on. They discover which mental health problems are more common in men, and which are seen most often in women. And, in a finding that is sure to provoke lively debate, they reveal that, in any given year, women experience higher rates of psychological disorder than men. Why might this be the case? The Stressed Sex explains current scientific thinking on the possible reasons - and considers what might be done to address the imbalance.
Gender : in world perspective
Human health and forests : a global overview of issues, practice, and policy
Conduct disorder among girls: violent behaviour, suicidality and comorbidity:
a study of adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Effects of the environment, genes, and sex on physical contact received in childhood
Son preference, leading to skewed sex ratios at birth, is an important feature of contemporary Chinese demography, as well as being a critical policy issue. Using a 2006 representative survey, this article explores preferences for boys and girls among childless young adults in a district of Beijing who have a stated one child as their ideal number of children (though they may be eligible to bear more). The descriptive analysis finds no evidence of son-preference; rather an overall indifference to gender. A multivariate analysis provides some indicative evidence of indifference regarding predictors of desiring a girl, a boy or either. gs.
How much of sexual diversity is the result of nature versus nurture? Prevailing theories today lean heavily toward nature. Now a leading researcher in neuroscience and animal behavior shows how, in recent history, scientific claims about sex and gender differences have reflected the culture of the time. Although the conviction that genetics can explain everything is now widespread, the author demonstrates the interaction of culture and environment in the formation of behavioral traits and so provides an important corrective to popular notions of reductionism. Starting with a summary of sex and gender studies, Rogers explains the error of sex biasing, especially the once-assumed inferiority of women. She then addresses several modern studies and investigations, some of which assert that sex and gender differences are the product of genetic inheritance and hormones. Rogers uses laboratory evidence from studies of animals that help illustrate the biologically fluid properties of sex and gender.
Gender differences in usage and user experience of Oiva App
Narcissism and aggression in adolescence : moderating roles of ego threath, emotionality, and gender
Adult attachment styles : a person-oriented approach
The education of girls : policy, research and the question of gender
Himglish and Femalese : why women don't get why men don't get them
How women decide : what's true, what's not, and why it matters
Dress and gender : special issue
Literacy and gender : researching texts, contexts and readers
The opposite sex
