http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p529 spiritualism (occultism)
spiritualism (occultism)
Reader of hearts : the life and teachings of a reluctant psychic
In 2004 Janis Heaphy Durham's husband, Max Besler, died of cancer at age fifty-six. The daughter of a Presbyterian minister, she practiced her faith as she struggled with her loss. Soon she began encountering phenomena unlike anything she'd ever experienced: lights flickering, doors opening and closing, and clocks stopping at 12:44--the exact time of Max's death. But then something startling happened that changed Heaphy Durham's life forever. A powdery handprint appeared on her bathroom mirror on the first anniversary of Max's death. This launched Heaphy Durham on a journey that transformed her spiritually and altered her view of reality forever. She interviewed scientists and spiritual practitioners along the way as she discovered that the veil between this world and the next is thin and it's love that bridges the two worlds.
Ghosts : a history of phantoms, ghouls & other spirits od the dead
The other world : spiritualism and psychical research in England, 1850-1914
Channelling : use your psychic powers to contact your spirit guides
Spirit teachings
"Explores the proliferation of spiritualist seances in mid-nineteenth-century Europe and the United States, and the connection to the contemporary evolution of the media entertainment industry"--Provided by publisher.
The hand on the mirror : a true story of life beyond death
Religious experience of the pneuma : communication with the spirit world in 1. Corinthians 12 and 14
The history of spiritualism. 1
The secret language of the soul
The angel whisperer : incredible stories of hope and love from the angels
Ghostwriting modernism
In the shadow of blackbirds
The paranormal source book : the comprehensive guide to strange phenomena world wide
With your spirit guide's help
Has W. T. Stead returned? : a symposium
Horizons of immortality : a quest for reality
Spirits, ancestors and healing : a global challenge to the church : a resource for discussion
The cure for dreaming
The complete book of aquarian magic : a practical guide to the magical arts
Ghost talker's daydream. 4
Testimony of light
The book of secrets : esoteric societies and holy orders, luminaries and seers, symbols and rituals, and the key concepts of occult sciences through the ages and around the world
Watching the dead speak : the role of the audience, imagination, and belief in late modern spirtiualism
Occult science in India and among the ancients : with an account of their mystic initiations and the history of spiritism
The history of spiritualism. 2
Olivia Kidney stops for no one
The complete idiot's guide to life after death
Supernatural entertainments : Victorian spiritualism and the rise of modern media culture
Affinity
This world and that : an analytical study of psychic communication
Psychology and the occult
Nordic neoshamanisms
Plato's ghost : spiritualism in the American Renaissance
Creole religions of the Caribbean : an introduction from Vodou and Santería to Obeah and Espiritismo
How to use a ouija board : communication with the spirit world
The Sittaford Mystery
The ballad of Lee Cotton
In the shadow of blackbirds : a novel
Occult knowledge, science, and gender on the Shakespearean stage
Investigating the supernatural : from spiritism and occultism to psychical research and metapsychics in France, 1853-1931
Ghost talker's daydream. 1
The wanderings of a spiritualist : in one volume
The uninvited : a novel
The perfect medium : photography and the occult
Secular spirituality : reincarnation and spiritism in nineteenth-century France
Life after death and the world beyond : investigating heaven and the spiritual dimension
The Sittaford mystery
How to be a medium. by W. H. Evans
Ancient Egyptian celestial healing : the source codes for high frequency
Six feet over : adventures in the afterlife
Life on the other side : a psychic's tour of the afterlife
Enigmatic powers : syncretism with African and indigenous peoples' religions among Latinos
Miracle mongers and their methods : a complete exposé
The channeling zone : American spirituality in an anxious age
In 19th century Brighton, England spirit mediums are all the fashion--especially Miss Eustace, a psychic who claims to produce apparitions of the dead, and oleaginous Mr. Bradley, a self-proclaimed spirit healer. Diminutive Mina Scarletti, a writer of horror stories, is sure that her widowed mother and friends are in the hands of cheats and extortionists, so she enlists the help of Daniel Hamid, an Anglo-Indian doctor, her charming but disreputable brother, Richard, and Richard's mistress, Nellie, to expose the frauds. But the scheming criminals have spread their nets wide, and dramatic sâeances easily convince and captivate the vulnerable, including Daniel's disabled sister Eliza. When Mina's determined campaign backfires, she only succeeds in adding to Miss Eustace's fame. With chaos reigning in the Scarletti house, Mina and Richard must turn to desperate methods to outwit the illusionists and reveal the truth.
The undiscovered country : journeys among the dead
Making dreams : spirits, vision and the ontological effects of dream knowledge in Cuban espiritismo
Dead simple
Ghost talker's daydream. 3
The bachelors
The séance : [a novel]
Mr Scarletti's ghost
Man's supersensory and spiritual powers
Icelandic spiritualism : mediumship and modernity in Iceland
Nordic Neoshamanisms proposes that the drive for religiosity and experiences of the sacred are far from lost in contemporary western societies. However, the spiritual quest in Nordic countries comes in some very surprising and innovative forms which make it necessary to rethink the relationship between the religious and the secular world. The contributors do just this by focusing on the mechanisms of contemporary shamanism in these contexts. The contributors' objective is to explore the myriad of ways late modern shamanism is becoming more vital and personally significant to people, communities, and economies in Nordic countries. This book intends to survey how the field of modern shamanism is entwined with the political, the social and the popular in this area of the world. Drawing on case studies of particular persons, groups and institutions, well-known historians of religion and folklorists discuss how modern shamanism can be said to contribute to self-knowledge, identity, and community life in Northern European countries.
