http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5295 economics (curriculum subjects)
economics (curriculum subjects)
Information economics
A geography of China
Geography of agriculture : themes in research
Intellectual property protection strength in a "Pool of knowledge"
Management information systems
Broadband wireless communications business : an introduction to the costs and benefits of new technologies
Information systems for forestry-related subjects : access, search techniques and user needs : proceedings of the meeting of the IUFRO Subject Group S6.03 Informations Systems and Terminology held at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Zurich 21-24 June 1988
African water resource database : GIS-based tools for inland aquatic resource management. 1, Concepts and application case studies
Young people's understanding of economic issues in Europe
The new realities : in government and politics, in economics and business, in society and in world view
Finland as a knowledge economy : elements of success and lessons learned
Essays on information and communications technology, structural change, and economic growth
Software design of outsourcing system for Small Medium Entrepreneurs
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
Website design and development : 100 questions to ask before building a website
Economics of information and knowledge : selected readings
Going global : the challenges for knowledge-based economies
African water resource database : GIS-based tools for inland aquatic resource management. 2, Technical manual and workbook
The Deliverability of the BIT Programme at Lahti UAS in Training BIT Experts
Taking over the management and ownership of a farm contributes positively to farm growth but little is known about how farmers succeed after the starting phase. We analysed how farmers that have recently started their farm enterprises are going to develop their farms and how do they differ from more experienced farmers in some key farm management areas. Data were collected by postal survey from farmers of the Salo region in South-Western Finland. Farmers were categorized into three different groups according to a combination of their age and experience. Farmers who were in the early phase of taking over a farm had better education and better networks than their older counterparts. Younger farmers considered their networks to be more important than did their senior colleagues. The early phase farmer group invested significantly more and had more liabilities than the other two groups. Moreover, early phase farmers were the most active at developing their farms. The late phase farmers were the least active, even when they knew they were going to transfer their farm to next generation within the next few years. Farms should be developed continuously in order to improve the viability of whole farming sector.
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
Search program for HELECON data bases
Development of a household data base in Finland
Knowledge and decisions in environmental contexts : a case study of the pulp and paper industry
The Finnish turn from a "resource-based" economy to a "knowlege-based" economy
Archiving of Financial Data in Accounts Receivable : The Case Company UPM-Kymmene Oyj
A geospatial approach to assessing the synergies of agriculture-based poverty alleviation programmes : ADRA's programme in the Ga West district of Ghana
Who owns the future?
Effective financial planning for library and information services
Social studies for the preschool/primary child
Latvia - The competitive location for it services
Adoption and use of farm information systems
Creation and maintenance of material replacement chain
Aligning business processes and information systems : new approaches to continuous quality engineering
Summary. Concluding remarks (s. 417-426).
Western central Atlantic fishery commission : report of the expert consultation on the use of microcomputers for processing statistical and biological data, Chaguaramas, Trinidad and Tobago, 17-21 November 1986.
Innovation of network goods : a non-innovating firm will gain
Electronic invoicing initiatives in Finland and in the European Union : taking the steps towards the real-time economy
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Tools for thought : what is new and important about the "E-economy"
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of engineering economics
Investigation and analysis of present situation and future prospect of information and communication technology to develop agriculture in Nepal
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Urban informal sector information : needs and methods
Knowledge, space, economy
The executive's guide to enterprise social media strategy : how social networks are radically transforming your business
Multidimensional data visualization techniques for financial performance data : a review
Computer programs for fish stock assessment : length-based fish stock assessment for Apple II computers
Dynamic Hydraulic Monitoring in District Metering Areas
Defining the new economy in Europe : a comparative analysis of EU technology infrastructure policy, 1995-2001
Financial and cost management for libraries and information services
Engineering economics and economic design for process engineers
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
How to be a successful computer consultant
Abstract (s. 238).
National policies that connect ICT-based education reform to economic and social development
The concise encyclopedia of economics
Questioning the Finnish model - forms of public engagement in building the Finnish information society
MELA2016 : reference manual
The blockchain alternative : rethinking macroeconomic policy and economic theory
Dematerialization : the potential of ICT and services
Local and regional scale determinants of biodiversity patterns in boreal agricultural landscapes
Modelling of vegetative filter strips in catchment scale erosin control
Tupakkatilasto 2012 = Tobaksstatistik 2012 = Tobacco statistics 2012
Forestry information and knowledge exchange : proceedings of IUFRO Subject Group S6.03-00 Information Systems and Terminology, held at XX IUFRO World Congress, 6-12 August 1995, Tampere, Finland 1995
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Geoinformation in agricultural planning and advisory work
A practical guide to middle and secondary social studies
Report of the fifth technical consultation of AGRIS participating centres, Rome 9-13 June 1986 and Report of the second technical meeting of AGLINET, Rome, 13 June 1986.
Computer technology and computer crime : (aetiological and phenomenological aspects)
Study of internal controls in ERP environment : impact on the quality of financial statements: auditors’ perspective
Commercial real estate restructuring revolution  : strategies, tranche warfare, and prospects for recovery
Tupakkatilasto 2014 = Tobaksstatistik 2014 = Tobacco statistics 2014
e-Learning and the science of instruction : proven guidelines for consumers and designers of multimedia learning
The sovereign individual : the coming economic revolution, how to survive and prosper in it
Knowledge engineering in agriculture
The role of network governance in business model performance
Essays on regional development and labor mobility in a knowledge-based economy
It futures : current forecasting literature says about the social impact of information technology
Social and human capital towards a knowledge economy in Latvia
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Open access publishing as a bridge across the digital divide
Innovations as communication processes : a legal architecture for governing ideas in business
Strategic objectives and development plans of beginning farmers
Agricultural libraries and information
Forestry information and knowledge exchange : reprints from the technical sessions of IUFRO S6.03 at the Tampere World Congress, August 1995
Competitiveness and urban economic development policy in information society
Business Process Management System in The City of Oulu's Electronic Government
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
The information society : an international perspective
The development of information and communication technology : an empirical study
