http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5291 gender
gender sex (gender)
Gender roles and power
Cruising utopia : the then and there of queer futurity
"Old ladies - they got a way of coming back and biting you in the ass" : the female character construction in Sons of Anarchy
"This text involves students in understanding and using the tools of critical social and literary theory from the first day of class. It is an ideal first introduction before students encounter more difficult readings from critical and postmodern perspectives. Nealon and Giroux describe key concepts and illuminate each with an engaging inquiry that asks students to consider deeper and deeper questions. Written in students' own idiom, and drawing its examples from the social world, literature, popular culture, and advertising, The Theory Toolbox offers students the language and opportunity to theorize. Updated throughout, the second edition of The Theory Toolbox includes a discussion of new media, as well as two new chapters on life and nature"--
Our people : a tight-knit family under the same protective roof : a critical study of gendered conceptual metaphors at work in radical right populism
(Fe)male crafts : the gender-based craft education in Finland
Gender equity : an integrated theory of stability and change
Empowering credit - more than just money : the socio-economic impact of micro-finance on women in Nairobi, Kenya
The promise and disillusion of education : perspectives on gender, agency, education and the labour market in Finnish Lapland
EU talks on gender in Cotonou policy : rhetorical analysis on gender in the European Union's dialogue with African, Caribbean and Pacific countries
Gender, education and employment : an international comparison of school-to-work transitions
Gender questions and current challenges for Luther and Reformation studies
TOPmodels and top designers : forms of social interaction and creativity in the TOPmodel online forums
Gendered leadership : a case study on points of parity and difference in military and business environments
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
The social psychology of gender
Gender equality barometer 2012
Vocabulary learning strategies employed by Finnish high school EFL students
Marimekko : gender and nation through text and image - an international perspective
Sex and gender in society
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of finnish university physics
Charismatic Leadership and Ethics from Gender Perspective
"Try again, fail better" : detecting the intersectionality of white female protagonist in Weeds
Theoretical studies on sex ratio evolution
Gendering citizenship in Western Europe : new challenges for citizenship research in a cross-national context
Engendering statistics : a tool for change
Male and female : a study of the sexes in a changing world
The possible lives of Matleena Herajärvi : a poor woman's position in Northern Finland in the nineteenth century
Genes and gender. 1
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
The power dance in research interview. Manifesting power and powerless
Headhunters and the 'ideal' executive body
Over the past three decades scholars have transformed the study of women and gender in early modern Europe. This Ashgate Research Companion presents an authoritative review of the current research on women and gender in early modern Europe from a multi-disciplinary perspective. The authors examine women's lives, ideologies of gender, and the differences between ideology and reality through the recent research across many disciplines, including history, literary studies, art history, musicology, history of science and medicine, and religious studies. The book is intended as a resource for scholars and students of Europe in the early modern period, for those who are just beginning to explore these issues and this time-period, as well as for scholars learning about aspects of the field in which they are not yet an expert. The companion not only offers a comprehensive examination of the current research on women in early modern Europe, but will act as a spark for new research in the field.
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
Searching for ways to encourage girls to study technology in primary education
The question of sex differences : psychological, cultural, and biological issues
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Transgender identity formation
In this book a leading theorist on sex and gender discusses how hidden assumptions embedded in our cultural discourses, social institutions, and individual psyches perpetuate male power and oppress women and sexual minorities. Sandra Lipsitz Bem argues that these assumptions, which she calls the lenses of gender, shape not only perceptions of social reality but also the more material things - like unequal pay and inadequate daycare - that constitute social reality itself. Her penetrating and articulate examination of these hidden cultural lenses enables us to look at them rather than through them and to better understand recent debates on gender and sexuality. According to Bem, the first lens, androcentrism (male-centredness), defines males and male experience as a standard or norm and females and female experience as a deviation from that norm. The second lens, gender polarization, superimposes male-female differences on virtually every aspect of human experience, from modes of dress and social roles to ways of expressing emotion and sexual desire. The third lens, biological essentialism, rationalizes and legitimizes the other two lenses by treating them as the inevitable consequences of the intrinsic biological natures of women and men. After illustrating the pervasiveness of these three lenses in both historical and contemporary discourses of Western culture, Bem presents her own theory of how the individual either acquires cultural gender lenses and constructs a conventional gender identity or resists cultural lenses and constructs that we must reframe the debate on sexual inequality so that it focuses not only on the differences between men and women but on how male-centred discourses and institutions transform male-female difference into female disadvantage.
The segregation of men and women into different occupations is one of the most important and enduring aspects of labor markets around the world. This book presents a comprehensive analysis of the levels and recent changes in the sex segregation of occupations. It is based on detailed occupational data from 41 countries or territories from all regions of the world. A number of findings will surprise readers, such as the higher level of occupational segregation in Scandinavia as compared to other industrialized countries, the lower level of occupational segregation in Asia as compared to Europe, and the truly restricted and stereotyped choice of occupations open to women.
Gender : in world perspective
The strong women and wrong men of 'certain cultures' : categorizing 'immigrant men' in the finnish multicultural social work discourse
Gender, family and modernity
Gender and conflict analysis in mediation process design : analytical tools for mediation teams
The ethical slut : a practical guide to polyamory, open relationships & other adventures
Bewitching women, pious men : gender and body politics in Southeast Asia
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Labour market reforms, institutions, and the quality of employment : should we all follow German Hartz model in reforming labour markets?
Feminism, gender and universities : politics, passion and pedagogies
Māte Mahādēvi: a progressive female mystic in today's India
Abstract: Sexual and gender minorities in working life.
They say it's a cultural matter : gender and ethnicity at preschool
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
The evolution of human sexuality
Effects of gender, and SLCO1B1 and CYP7A1 polymorphisms on plasma bile acids in humans and the pharmacokinetics of therapeutic ursodeoxycholic acid
Neolibs, neocons and gender justice : lessons from global negotiations
Working with street children : gender dimension of intervention and approaches. Case study of outreach program in Dar es Salaam Tanzania
Understanding and integrating gender issues into livestock projects and programmes : a checklist for practitioners
Gender on corporate boards : a discourse analysis of a debate of gender quotas on an internet discussion site
Organizations, art and gender
Equality and diversity in social work practice
Sex gender in the semiotic perspective : male and female cultural identities in Finnish cultural products from the 1950s to the 1980s : research note
Paths from socioemotional behavior in middle childhood to personality in middle adulthood
The Ashgate research companion to women and gender in early modern Europe
Beyond ”gender and stir” : reflections on gender and SSR in the aftermath of African conflict
The other me
Business-men and European Women : constructions of workplace diversity in a multinational technology company
G. F. von Franckenau's Satyra sexta (1674) on male and female testicles
Eroticism and containment : notes from the flood plain
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Edith Södergran's Modern Virgin : Overcoming Nietzsche and the Gendered Narrator
Transgender 101 : a simple guide to a complex issue
Subjective processes in language variation and change
Women, men, and gender : ongoing debates
Gender at work
Economic, social and cultural rights : an approach from a gender perspective
Summary (s. 3)
The theory toolbox : critical concepts for the humanities, arts, and social sciences
Gender dimensions of racial discrimination
Studies on wage differentials and labour market transitions
Genes and gender
The lenses of gender : transforming the debate on sexual inequality
The ABC of gender equality in education : aptitude, behaviour, confidence
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
Since the 1980s, educational policies in many countries have aimed at improving the computer literacy and programming competencies of the population. Over the same period, the possibilities that people have seen regarding programming and everyday programming practices have emerged as an area of strong interest within historical scholarship. The paper contributes to these discussions by drawing on techniques of oral history to focus on programming hobbies and practices in Finland. Examining data from a massive survey of computer hobbyists (N = 1,453) and their recollections about personal computer use (largely during the 1980s), the paper gathers new information on what leads to people's pursuit of or interest in programming and how their programming habits have changed over time. The study links together the gender and age dynamics in programming and shows how the respondents not only engaged with but also could become disengaged from programming for various reasons.
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
Gender, sex and sexuality : contemporary psychological perspectives
"Dump your childhood sweetheart" : an analysis of the way the reader of FHM is invited to relate to women
Adult gender roles in three traditional American Indian societies
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
Discrimination of sexual and gender minorities in sports and exercise
Advancing the ecotoxicological relevancy of zebrafish : application of early-juvenile 20dpfZF to assess xenoestrogenicity of environmental chemicals and samples
Development and gender equality : consequences, causes, challenges and cures
Sexual and gender minorities at work
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
In recent years the term "gender" has been used with many different meaning as well as in applications that are far from consistent. Is this diversity an indication that the term should be abandoned because of such imprecision, or can certain current or purposes, however illdefined, still be discerned? This paper is an investigation of contemporary usages of the term "gender" and the implications that could result for women involved in the study of religion.
Gender, identity and representation in video games : an elective discourse-oriented course for Finnish EFL upper secondary school students
Gender and communication
Continuity in verbal understanding of emotions : joint effects of age, tasks, and gender
This is a collectively written, inter-disciplinary, thematic cross-national study which combines conceptual, theoretical, empirical and policy material in an ambitious and innovative way to explore a key concept in contemporary European political, policy and academic debates. The first part of the book clarifies the various ways that the concept of citizenship has developed historically and is understood today in a range of Western European welfare states. It elaborates on the contemporary framing of debates and struggles around citizenship. This provides a framework for three policy studies, looking at: migration and multiculturalism; the care of young children; and home-based childcare and transnational dynamics. The book is unusual in weaving together the topics of migration and childcare and in studying these issues together within a gendered citizenship framework. It also demonstrates the value of a multi-level conceptualisation of citizenship, stretching from the domestic sphere through the national and European levels to the global. The book is aimed at students of social policy, sociology, European studies, women's studies and politics and at researchers/scholars/policy analysts in the areas of: citizenship; gender; welfare states; and, migration.
Framing feminism : art and the women's movement 1970-85
Gender and education as determinants of household poverty in Nigeria
"We only want tits and timestamps" : framing gender and sexuality on a popular American image board
The politics and policies of reproductive agency
Wolfenden's witnesses : homosexuality in postwar Britain
The Wolfenden Report of 1957 has long been recognized as a landmark in moves towards gay law reform. What is less well known is that the testimonials and written statements of the witnesses before the Wolfenden Committee provide by far the most complete and extensive array of perspectives we have on how homosexuality was understood in mid-twentieth century Britain. Those giving evidence, individually or through their professional associations, included a broad cross-section of official, professional and bureaucratic Britain: police chiefs, policemen, magistrates, judges, lawyers and Home Office civil servants; doctors, biologists (including Alfred Kinsey), psychiatrists, psychoanalysts and psychotherapists; prison governors, medical officers and probation officers; representatives of the churches, morality councils and progressive and ethical societies; approved school headteachers and youth organization leaders; representatives of the army, navy and air force; and a small handful of self-described but largely anonymous homosexuals. This volume presents an annotated selection of their voices.
The effects of a 10-week combined maximal and explosive strength and high-intesity endurance training period on neuromuscular performance and 3K time-trial in males and females
Women and social work : towards a woman-centred practice
Sexual Health Education for Eight Graders
Gender and popular culture
The limits of fantasy : a comparative study of the representations of gender, ethnicity and class in the console fantasy role-playing games Lost Odyssey and Final Fantasy XIII
Gender Caring: The Everyday Construction of Black African Parents in Finland
Religion : the basics
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
Managerial work and gender : ethnography of cooperative relationships in small software companies
Erotic ambiguities : the female nude in art
Sex, art and inspiration : viewing the Kalevala as man and woman
Gender and crime : a reader
Ladies in armour : a phenomenological investigation of experiences of highly skilled Finnish female kendo athletes
Gender, nation, narration : critical readings of cultural phenomena
The HIV/AIDS pandemic is subject of numerous medical, health and socio-political publications which predominately focus on poverty related issues. Sexuality norms and traditional African gender roles remain tabooed. HIV/AIDS is spreading unhampered along the gender route, erasing Africa's most valuable resource - young women and young men. Rewarding this silence is the unaffordable loss of human capital which is needed by the sub-Saharan African region for sustainable development. The authors experienced in perennial scientific studies and community projects examine the consequences of the lethal combination of culture, patriarchy, gender norms and the spread of HIV/AIDS. This book challenges the dogma of cultural and gender norms in the HIV/AIDS context in order to advance public debate.
Introduction
What does it mean to become a boy today? How does boyhood manifest itself in different contexts? How can we describe fathers and sons in contemporary society? And can we make the invisible boy visible in ways alternative to those of media? This publication is the outcome of an international, multidisciplinary exploration of how boys become boys and how boys form identities today. The project was global in its scope and included 24 artists and academics from Sweden, USA, Turkey, UK, Finland, New Zealand, Croatia, Nigeria, Switzerland, India, Canada and Italy have contributed to the Invisible Boy. The publication with its 20 chapters includes academic papers, video, drawings, digital images, photography and music. Combining a variety of intellectual expressions the chapters forms a joint example of multimodal explorations to further understandings of complex matters such as gendered identity making. The contributions are organised in four themes: Negotiating Identity, Bodily Existence, Boyhood Interrupted, and Gender and Contemporary Media.
Descriptive findings on the convergence of female and male mortality in Europe
Job assignment and the gender wage differential
Breadwinners, sportsmen and conforming girls : representations of gender in Finnish EFL textbooks
Undressing the Maid : gender, sexuality and the body in the construction of the Finnish nation
Gender in performance : the presentation of difference in the performing arts
Unrelated kin : race and gender in women's personal narratives
Gender and psychology
Multicultural issues in counseling : new approaches to diversity
Self-reflexivity as the practice of empathy
The gender of sexuality
Gendered talk at work : constructing social identity through workplace interaction
On language, the sexes and sexism : a survey
Parity and democracy : a theoretical approach to the compatibility of gender parity with democracy
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis /Kaisa Kotakorpi, Panu Poutvaara
Hana-Kimi : For you in full blossom. 9
Timing of reproductive effort as an alternative mating strategy in young black grouse (Tetrao tetrix) males
ABC of sexually transmitted infections
School differences and inequities in educational outcomes : PISA 2000 results of reading literacy in Finland
Ageing employees and human resource management   evidence of gender-sensitivity?
"A genre-bending memoir, a work of 'autotheory' offering fresh, fierce, and timely thinking about desire, identity, and the limitations and possibilities of love and language. At its center is a romance: the story of the author's relationship with the artist Harry Dodge. This story, which includes the author's account of falling in love with Dodge, who is fluidly gendered, as well as her journey to and through a pregnancy, is an intimate portrayal of the complexities and joys of (queer) family-making"--Dust jacket flap.
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
The effects of inbreeding on mating success and offspring production of males and females in a Drosophila littoralis population
Choreography of touches, glances and movements between hosts and assistans on television
Psychosocial processes of health behaviour change in a lifestyle intervention : influences of gender, socioeconomic status and personality
The evolution of sex : an examination of current ideas
Sex differences in cognitive abilities
Men and women at the elections : gender analysis of the electoral campaigns of 1999 and 2000 in Russia
Emotion and gender : constructing meaning from memory
Making a difference in women's lives? : case study of women's empowerment programme in Rajasthan
What's that got to do with my gender?
female spiritual masters, largely unknown to westerners.
Earnings differentials between men and women : study based on the Structure of Earnings Survey (SES)
Sex chromosome evolution and speciation in stickleback fishes
Moninaisuus Mielessä! A Guide about Meeting Diversity of Sexual Orientation and Gender in the Field of Social Work : Report of Making a Product
Global estimates and projections of population by sex and age : the 1988 revision
Towards a hostessing society? : mobile arrangements of gender and labour
Mental rotation and mental folding in 7- and 8-year-old children
Gender, class & education
Social class, gender and occupational segregation
Women's managerial careers in the context of the United Arab Emirates
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
Reduced emissions from deforestation and forest degradation gender analysis of REDD+ and its potential impact on community resources system : case of Angai Villages Land Forest Reserve, Tanzania
The politics of gender pay equity : policy mechanisms, institutionalised undervaluation, and non-decision making
Homegirls : language and cultural practice among Latina youth gangs
Women and language
Gender differences in illhealth in Finland : patterns magnitude and change
Female style vs. male style or something in between? : a case study on gendered communication on the Humans of New York Facebook page
Son preference, leading to skewed sex ratios at birth, is an important feature of contemporary Chinese demography, as well as being a critical policy issue. Using a 2006 representative survey, this article explores preferences for boys and girls among childless young adults in a district of Beijing who have a stated one child as their ideal number of children (though they may be eligible to bear more). The descriptive analysis finds no evidence of son-preference; rather an overall indifference to gender. A multivariate analysis provides some indicative evidence of indifference regarding predictors of desiring a girl, a boy or either. gs.
The looks of a winner : beauty, gender and electoral success
Masculinity & femininity : their psychological dimensions, correlates, & antecedents
Citizens and Others : gender, democracy and education
Approaches on gender equality in development cooperation : a comparison between the international, national and project levels
Fragile femininities, violent masculinities? : gender in the reintegration of Maoist ex-combatants in Nepal
The Nordic countries are now firmly ensconced in academia as gender-friendly welfare states. They are seen as pioneering countries with respect to changes in family life and gender relations and thus present an interesting forum for family research. This paper explores how gender caring relates to gender, religion and parenting in Sub-Saharan African families in the context of immigration to Finland. A constructionist perspective is employed to illuminate how guidelines or scripts established in these parents' cultures are actively used and how they in turn influence their gender relations. Gender caring is conceptualized as an ethic of reciprocity, solidarity and obligation to ensure interdependence and strong bonds among black African parents. The article draws on in-depth interviews conducted with twelve couples mainly in the Helsinki area (which includes Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen).
Behavior regulations and motives to participate in physical activity of Finnish team sports athletes
From bogey mountains to funny houses : children's desires for play environment
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
6th graders' skills in different areas of English : a comparison between the students' and teachers' opinion
Land use rights and gender in Ovamboland, North- Central Namibia, since the 1930s
An exploration of socio-cultural and organizational factors affecting women's access to educational leadership
Poles apart? : the experience of gender
"If the slipper fits, you wear it, whore" : the construction of female gender in Amanda Palmer's lyrics (1995-2009)
Essays on household time allocation decisions in a collective household model
The loving heart of a mother or a greedy politician? : media representations of female presidents in Liberia and Malawi
Gender for sale : advertising design as technologies of gender
On the cusp of postwar modernization : Americanization, international culture, and gender roles in Finnish commercials, 1955-1975
"The world's worst cleaning lady" : the portrayal of gender in commercials targeted at American NHL audiences
The Intersection of Human Capital, Gender and HIV/AIDS in the African Context
Why are we so insistent that women and men are different? This introduction to gender provides a fascinating and genuinely readable exploration of how society divides people into feminine women and masculine men. It explores gender as a way of seeing women and men as not just biological organisms, but as people shaped by their everyday social world. Examining how gender has been understood and lived in the past; how it is understood and done differently by different cultures and groups within cultures; Mary Holmes considers the strengths and limitations of different ways of thinking and learning to 'do' gender.Key sociological and feminist ideas about gender are covered from Christine Pisan to Mary Wollstonecraft: from symbolic interactionism to second wave feminism through to the work of Judith Butler. The book illustrates gender with a range of familiar and contemporary examples: everything from nineteenth century fashions in China and Britain, to discussions of what Barbie can tell us about gender in America, to the lives of working women in Japan. This book will be of great use and interest to students to gender studies, sociology and feminist theory.
Worlding women : a feminist international politics
Gender in the EFL classroom : differences in the teacher's reactions to boys' and girls' responses
Saying your piece : the role of topic management in conversation
Tibetan Nuns: Gender as a force in a culture under "threat"
The effect of eutrophication on mate choice cues
Invisible Boy : the making of contemporary masculinities
Karen Green and Constant J. Mews, eds., Virtue Ethics for Women 1250 1500.
A qualitative study of male and female perceptions in differences in the working and domestic sphere : a comparison of the French and Finnish cultures
Summary.
Gender and religion : a volatile mixture
The culture of gender and sexuality in the Caribbean
This is the first no-holds-barred analysis of men and women differ in the workplace, and how you can use these differences to move to the top of the creer tree.
Moninaisuus mielessä!  a guide about meeting diversity of sexual orientation and gender in the field of social work : report of making a product
In agrarian economies arable land is the most important form of property and productive resource, so that access to land defines the political and social status of a member of society. This paper examines changes in property and particularly land use rights in North-Central Namibia, paying special reference to gender inequality in access to land. The problem is approached by exploring the coping strategies of widowed and divorced persons after the dissolution of their marriage. Where property rights and gender inequality have traditionally been investigated on the basis of administrative records, survey data or oral information, this paper approaches such problems from a new perspective, through life histories of the Christian population transcribed from parish registers of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia. Linking of the parish register data to anthropological, ethnographic, socio-economic and cultural information markedly widens our scope for discussing rights over communal lands. The paper shows that remarriage was a real solution for many widows and divorced women in the 1930s and 1940s if they were at the best childbearing age. A dramatic decrease in the remarriage rate occurred from the mid-1950s onwards, however, which was related to socio-economic changes in society.
Luce Irigaray's philosophy of feminine being : body, desire and wisdom
Family preference and sexual division of labor : economic growth with capital and knowledge
Crisis in masculinity
Communication, language and sex : proceedings of the First Annual Conference
Ancestors of two-spirits: representations of native American third-gender males in historical documentation : a critical discourse analysis in anthropology
Exploring gender roles in Finnish and American youth : a critical review of Geert Hofstede's masculinity versus femininity dimension of national culture
Women in engineering : gender, power, and workplace culture
Language, sex, and society : [the papers in this issue were originally solicited for The Fourth International Tromsø Symposium on Language at the School of Languages and Literature, University of Tromsø, Norway, October 6-8, 1988]
Gender and jobs : sex segregation of occupations in the world
The menstrual cycle
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of Finnish university physics
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
Physical activity and sleep profiles in Finnish men and women
Abstract: The modern nation and missing genders.
Changes in the gender system: something happening to the split between public and private?
Gender roles and domestic violence : narrative analysis of social construction of gender in Uganda
Indifferent Gender Preferences among Childless Beijing Citizens
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
The credibility gap : how to understand the men in your business life and win by your own rules
Sweet dreams : sexuality gender and popular fiction
The role of non formal education in transforming power relations and challenging gender : a critical case study of an alternative basic education programme in Alaba Kulito, Ethiopia
Agentive responsibility and possibilities of conjoined therapy for intimate relationship violence
Gender and violence
Sustainability evaluation of Indian Eco-Village Development -Project
This dissertation is an interdisciplinary study within a comparative Nordic-Germanic framework that proposes new approaches to reading representations of gender in European literary modernism and philosophy via the works of Finland-Swedish poet Edith Södergran and Friedrich Nietzsche. I posit that Södergran's avant-garde poetry presents feminine, masculine, and androgynous narrators that subvert the function of misogyny in Nietzsche's philosophy, which she had fervently read and incorporated into her writing. Surely, Södergran must have faced obstacles as she confronted Nietzsche's ostensible ad feminam; however, her progressive poetry, I contend, illustrates how Nietzsche's own discourse is constructed by androgynous rhetoric that exhibits paradoxically helpful appropriations of the female body. I therefore suggest that Södergran's reception of Nietzsche ushers in a transvaluation of the "modernist body" that overcomes the cultural body of Man and Woman as she opens up philosophical discourse with the feminine other in Nietzsche's otherwise phallocentric discourse. Using a shared framework of post-structural feminist theory, narratology, and poetry criticism, this dissertation attempts to overturn long-standing interpretations of Nietzsche's philosophy and to revise Södergran's mythologized biography and traditional analyses of her poetry. In chapter one, I attempt to separate Edith Södergran from her romanticized biography and refigure the female writing subject in history in a way that de-emphasizes her glorified, personal afflictions and instead elucidates Södergran's creative efforts to redefine gender. In chapter two, I posit that Södergran's lyrical narrator is not an exclusively female subject but a speaker that is multiple: Södergran's narrators are voiced by female, male, and androgynous bodies; which leads to a type of transgendered experience of narration. Chapter three focuses on Nietzsche's representations of women that I suggest influenced Södergran's writing. I attempt to show that Nietzsche's misogyny is actually a latent discussion of the cultural body that has been constructed and maintained by Western caricatures of femininity and masculinity. In chapter four, I examine the paradoxical representations of women in Also Sprach Zarathustra [Thus Spoke Zarathustra]. I look at what Zarathustra's hyper-masculine rhetoric can mean to a female reader who may be seeking ways to demystify essentialist constructions of sexual difference, and I explore the implications that Zarathustra's prophecy of the Übermensch--an advanced, idealistic human being--has for the human body. In the final chapter, I look at the narratological techniques that Södergran and Nietzsche employ in their poetry. Through a combined narratological and feminist approach, I suggest that Södergran and Nietzsche meticulously construct disruptive archetypes of the cultural body via multi-gendered narrative voices. I argue that Nietzsche and Södergran transcend normative narrative devices and introduce unprecedented post-gendered bodies and voices into the European modernist tradition. Their particular depictions of the post-gendered body thus resonate with contemporary theories and philosophical discussions of sex and gender.
Communication and the sexes
The argonauts
The evolution of sex
Sammandrag. - Summary.
The third sex : Kathoery : Thailand's ladyboys
Sex differences in cognitive functions : a study of same-sex and opposite-sex twin pairs
Gender and the telephone : voice and emotions shaping and gendering space
Gender and everyday life
School-aged reading skills of children with family history of dyslexia : predictors, development and outcome
Oral History of Programming Practices : Gender and Age Dynamics and Digital (Dis)Engagement Among Computer Programmers in Finland
