http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5306 novellas
novellas
The Edge
The black steed : and other selected writings
High heat : a Jack Reacher novella
Kickback city
Six American stories
Silently and very fast
Four previously published novellas.
A plague of zombies : an Outlander novella
Lapse of time : and other selected writings
What happened at midnight
A Tale of two cities
The christmas box collection
Usva : The mist
A Cool head
Tales from the perilous realm
Point Omega
Railway financier Simon Davenant has waited seven years for a second chance with his childhood sweetheart and best friend. He's not about to let his impending financial ruin destroy the opportunity. This time, he'll do anything he can to secure her hand in marriage -- even if it means losing her heart for good.
A Novella collection
Summer crossing
Ground covered with chicken feathers
The wilful princess and the piebald prince
The Man with three fingers
Children of the corn
Tšestnyi vor i drugije rasskazy = An honest thief, and other stories
Vassa Solomou Xanthaki's novella The Marriage is considered to be a small classic of Greek literature, a work that is distinguished by the immediacy and freshness of its language while retaining a deep sensibility to traditional life in rural Greece. First published in 1975, it has been reprinted in Greek numerous times and is included in the esteemed Apostolidis Anthology, a collection of the best Greek narrative writing from the 19th century until the present day. In 1994 it was staged as a play with enormous success by the Thessalian Theatre Company, and went on to be performed throughout Greece, with a two-year run in Athens and tours to Cyprus and in the Balkans. The Marriage has also been published in German, Spanish, and Polish, and shortly will appear in French. The author writes: 'The subject of this book is simple: the wedding customs and songs of the village of Ambelakia in Thessaly as lived and experienced in one particular marriage, that of Lenaki and Nikolas. But after the weeklong wedding ceremonies are over the magical bridal veil of those days is slowly drawn back and, in unadorned contrast to those customs and celebrations, the realities of life begin to impose themselves. This fading away of enchantment together with the role played by the nuptial mystery in the subsequent course of the couple's lives was my ultimate theme. Within the restraints imposed by the bonds of marriage I wanted to search again for the mystical veins of tradition, especially in the figure of the woman of the countryside, that 'deep-set rock', the pillar of the race.' This edition includes the words of the wedding songs in Greek.
Selected novels & stories
The Charlie Chaplin story
The brothers
A bloody storm
The heart of a dog
The hellbound heart
Masterpieces of modern Chinese fiction 1919-1945
Transgressor of the nation
The Secret garden
The Tannery
The awakening
The Importance of Being Earnest
Four short novels
Final flight : a clockwork dagger story
Tales of mystery and imagination
The king of trees
The night watch
The wilful princess & the piebald prince
Four short stories
The dragon quintet
Halfway there
THE FUGITIVE
The Medal of Brigadier Gerard. 1 level
Lips touch
Little women
Hammers on bone
Very far away from anywhere else
The Canterville Ghost and other stories
The assassin's blade
Clean sweep
Deeds of men : An Onyx Court Novella
Walks with men
Magic stars
Breakfast at Tiffany's
The marriage: a novella
We are all guilty
Full of briars : An October Daye Short Story
Three Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
Alpha and Omega
The Snow Goose and The Small Miracle
Travels in the scriptorium
The Christmas books
Comfort to the enemy and other Carl Webster tales
"When we first meet U., the narrator of SATIN ISLAND, he is sitting in the airport at Turin, caught in a delay caused by a rogue airplane. Like everyone else in the waiting area, he is sifting through airport pages on his laptop, and then through news sites, social pages, corridors of trivia...until he happens to stumble on information about an image on a famous shroud in Turin. The image itself isn't even visible on the shroud; it only emerged when some amateur photographer looked at the negative of a shot he'd taken and saw the figure--Christ's body supine after crucifixion. Only in the negative: the negative became a positive. A few decades later when the shroud was radiocarbon dated, it turned out to come from no later than the mid-thirteenth century. But that didn't trouble the believers. Things like that never do. A "corporate ethnographer," U. is tasked with writing the Great Report. Yet at every turn, U. finds himself overwhelmed by the ubiquity of data, lost in a buffer zone and wandering through a crowd of apparitions. Meanwhile, Madison, the woman he is seeing, becomes increasingly elusive, much like the particulars in the case of the recent, highly-publicized parachutist's death, with which U. is obsessed. He also develops a perverse interest in oil spills, spending great amounts of time watching loops of clean up videos. As U. begins to wonder if perhaps the Great Report will remain a shapeless, oozing plasma, his senses are reawakened by an ominous dream of an apocalyptic cityscape. SATIN ISLAND is a novel that captures the way we experience the world today, our efforts to find meaning, to stay awake, and discern the narratives we think of as our lives"--
All These Lonely People
When John Mason discovers that his fiancee's father has embezzled thousands of pounds from their mutual business, he's furious. When his betrothed, Miss Mary Chartley, flees, taking the money and all the evidence with her, he's outraged. He plans to bring the woman he once loved to account -- and he'll shed no tears when he does. But when he finds Mary, she's not living a life of luxury. Instead, she's serving as a companion in exchange for a pittance. The more he attempts to untangle the truth, the more he remembers why he first loved Mary...and how much he wishes he could do so again.
Presumed innocent
Satin Island : a novel
Paris for one
The Prussian officer ; The rocking-horse winner
Where three roads meet : novellas
The suitor
Harry's game
The lady always wins
Scarred, solitary Derek Gaunt has separated from his Pack, and is truly a lone wolf. With no family he answers to no one; but is fiercely loyal to a chosen few. So, when several of those close to him are murdered, he'll stop at nothing to hunt their killer through the magic-drenched streets of Atlanta. Never one to be left on the sidelines, equally determinedsome might say stubborn Julie Lennart-Olsen soon joins in his pursuit; and what began as revenge turns into a race to save the city. Their search pits them against powers they never imagined and magic so old, it predates history.
Robert Grainer is a day labourer in the American West at the start of the twentieth century-an ordinary man in extraordinary times. Shipped by train in 1893 unto the woods of the Idaho panhandle, he grows up, works on logging gangs, falls in love, and loses his wife and baby daughter to a particularly pernicious wildfire. Derailed by the loss of his family, Grainer struggles to make sense of this strange new world. As his story unfolds, we witness both his shocking personal defeats and the radical changes that transform America in his lifetime. Suffused with the history and landscapes of the American West Train Dreams captures the disappearance of a distinctly American way of life.
A kiss for midwinter
Wuthering heights
The Mist : Usva
Of mice and men
PRIME SUSPECT
The custom of the army : an outlander novella
The warning : a short story
Larger than life : a novella
Derrick Storm is back - this time with a crack team of ghost CIA operatives. These former agents have all faked their own deaths and now work for the CIA on a strictly secret basis, taking on dangerous and illegal jobs the agency may not officially carry out. They're headed to the Molguzar Mountains to look for sixty billion dollars' worth of gold hidden by the KGB before the collapse of the Soviet Union, and taking a perilous detour to rescue FBI agent April Showers from a sociopathic torturer.
New Yorkers : short stories
The mosquito coast
No one writes to the colonel
Train dreams
Carry on, Jeeves
It is 1980 in New York City, and Jane, a valedictorian fresh out of Harvard, strikes a deal with Neil, an intoxicating writer twenty years her senior. The two quickly become lovers, living together in a Chelsea brownstone, and Neil reveals the rules for a life well lived. Neil's certainties, Jane discovers, mask his deceptions. Her true education begins.
Cast in moonlight
Ghost summer : stories
Dancers in the dark
Gone with the wind. Part 1
Treasure. 2 level
THE GRASS IS SINGING
Three novels
The facts behind the Helsinki Roccamatios and other stories
The sweet smell of psychosis
If circumstances were different, Philippa Dean would be happy to fall in love with Viscount Darleigh. He is certainly the perfect gentleman and everything her parents want: titled, handsome, respectable. His blindness only reinforces his quiet power and strength. But Philippa does not love him. Her heart is already taken and there is only one thing she can do: Thwart the matchmaking plans. Julian Crabbe is desperate to rescue the woman he fell in love with two years ago. Then, he was a reckless cub, justly earning Philippa's parents' scorn. Now, he is every inch a respectable suitor and determined to prove it before it is too late. Intrude on the viscount's house party? Gladly. Interrupt the match of the season? Happily. For nothing can stop the power of a love that will not be denied.
Sisters of the revolution : a feminist speculative fiction anthology
A Q zhengzhuan ; Zhufu = The true story of Ah Q ; The new Year's sacrifice
The Dragon quintet
July 1977. Jack Reacher is almost seventeen, and he stops in New York City on the way to visit his brother at West Point. The summer heat is suffocating, the city is bankrupt, and the mad gunman known as Son of Sam is still on the loose. Reacher meets a woman with a problem, and agrees to help her . . . but then the power grid fails and the lights go out, plunging the lawless city into chaos. What does a visiting teenager do in the dark? If that visiting teenager is Jack Reacher, the answer is plenty
The space between : an Outlander novella
The evidence exposed. Elizabeth George
Streets of London
Brown eyes
The Cave
The embassy of Cambodia
Heart of darkness
Reader, I married him : Stories Inspired by Jane Eyre
Chariots of fire
The dire Earth
A year at the star and sixpence
Blackwood : a hexed story
Selected novels and stories
The word for world is forest
The thorn birds
The Mist = Usva
The man in the snow
States of Nordic melancholia in Juhani Aho's Yksin (Alone, 1890)
Avain pakoon : 2 disc special edition
