http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5304 personality tests
personality tests
Foundations of psychological testing : a practical approach
MBTI manual : a guide to the development and use of the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator
Personality assessment and self-other rating agreement : moderators and implications of agreement
Tests & measurement for people who (think they) hate tests & measurement
Understanding personality through projective testing
Personality : the psychometric view
What's wrong with the Rorschach? : science confronts the controversial inkblot test
Selection & recruitment : a critical text
Rorschach science : readings in theory & method
Szondi's personality theory in the year 2004.. Second volume, Validity and reliability for the Szondi test : drive emotions and colour preferences
Counselor's guide to clinical, personality, and behavioral assessment
The SAGE handbook of personality theory and assessment. Vol. 2. Personality measurement and testing
Personality in young children. Vol. 2, Colin - a normal child
Levels of personality
Psychosomatic medicine and the Rorschach test
Principles and practice of the Rorschach personality test
A Rorschach introduction : content and perceptual approaches
Personality in adulthood : a five-factor theory perspective
In the last half-generation or so there has been increased emphasis on an understanding of personality functioning. It is asked what, if anything, is known or agreed to in this field. Is there a typical mother of schizophrenics, for example? In all the talk about the "creative personality" or the "authoritarian personality" just what is meant by these terms? What really is "hysteria"? Doctor Jack Block's monograph introduces the California Q-set--a method for describing comprehensively in contemporary psychodynamic terms an individual's personality. This method for encoding personality evaluation will prove highly useful in research applications by psychiatrists, psychologists, and sociologists, for it permits quantitative comparisons and calibrations of their evaluations of patients. He compares the Q-sort procedure with conventional rating methods and adjective check lists. He considers in detail the various forms of application of Q-sort procedure and appropriate statistical procedures to employ for these applications. Included in the Appendices are conversion tables for calculation of Q-sort correlations, California Q-set descriptions of various clinical concepts to be employed for calibration purposes, and an adjective Q-set for use by non-professional sorters.
Szondi's personality theory in the year 2000.. Book 1, Some experimental specifications
The Rorschach technique : a manual for a projective method of personality diagnosis
In our clients' shoes : theory and techniques of therapeutic assessment
The Q-sort method in personality assessment and psychiatric research
How to master psychometric tests
Personality tests and assessments
The revised NEO Personality Inventory : clinical and research applications
Personality characteristics and functional capacity in depression and anxiety disorders
IQ and personality tests; assess your creativity, aptitude and intelligence
Big five assessment
Development of the stress strategy test as a personnel selection instrument
Developments in the Rorschach technique. Volume I : Technique and theory / Bruno Klopfer ... [et al.]
Explorations in personality : a clinical and experimental study of fifty men of college age
Please understand me II : temperament, character, intelligence
The Rorschach : a comprehensive system. Vol. 1, Basic foundations and principles of interpretation
Personality poker : the playing card tool for driving high-performance teamwork and innovation
Applicants in a real-life selection context : their personality types, reactions to the process, and faking
The end of average : how we succeed in a world that values sameness
Measuring ego development
Most advice centers on what to do, or how to do it, and ignores the when of success. But exciting new research proves there is a right time to do just about everything, based on our biology and hormones. As Dr. Michael Breus proves in The power of when, working with your body's inner clock for maximum health, happiness, and productivity is easy, exciting, and fun. The power of when presents a groundbreaking new program for getting back in sync with your natural rhythm by making minor changes to your daily routine. After you've taken Dr. Breus's comprehensive Bio-Time Quiz to figure out your chronotype (are you a Bear, Lion, Dolphin or Wolf?), you'll find out the best time to do over 50 different activities. Featuring a foreword by Mehmet C. Oz, MD, and packed with fascinating facts, fun personality quizzes, and easy-to-follow guidelines, The power of when is the ultimate "lifehack" to help you achieve your goals.
Expertise in using the Rorschach Comprehensive System in personality assessment
Association between the Rorschach Ego Impairment Index (EII-2) and the Level of Personality Organization (LPO) interview assessment in outpatients seeking psychotherapy for depressive and anxiety disorders
Handbook of psychodiagnostic testing : analysis of personality in the psychological report
The power of when : discover your chronotype - and the best time to eat lunch, ask for a raise, have sex, write a novel, take your meds, and more
MMPI & MMPI-2 : interpretation manual for counselors and clinicians
Introduction to personality and intelligence
A compendium of neuropsychological tests : administration, norms, and commentary
Time well spent: getting things done through effective time management
Essentials of psychological testing
Experiential foundations of Rorschach's test
Rate yourself! : Assess your skills, personality and abilities for the job you want
The cult of personality testing : how personality tests are leading us to miseducate our children, mismanage our companies, and misunderstand ourselves
The acquaintanceship- and gender-effect on agreement on personality
Rorschach's test. II : A variety of personality pictures / foreword by Roy R. Grinker
Rorschach's test. I : Basic processes / foreword by Willard L. Valentine
Psychometric analysis of the thematic apperception test with reference to personality structure and school success in adolescence
Why don't Meyers-Briggs personality tests really work? Why are HR tests for new employees often meaningless? Why doesn't BMI - body mass index - correlate to actual health or physical fitness?  Individuals behave, learn, and develop in different ways, but these unique patterns of human behavior get lost in massive systems that play to average performance and average abilities, instead of individual performance and abilities. These systems made sense almost two centuries ago at the dawn of the Industrial Revolution, but in today's globalized digital world they are outdated and inadequate. Yet, every single one of us is affected by these archaic systems. They are far more prevalent that you can imagine, and far more insidious: standardized tests, academic grading systems, job applicant profiling, job performance reviews, job training, even medical treatments. These systems ignore our differences and ultimately fail at measuring and maximizing our potential.   As the first popular book on the science of the individual, The End of Average draws upon the very latest findings in the fields of psychology and sociology to show how, when we focus on individual findings rather than group averages, we are empowered to rethink the world and our place in it.
Personality at work : the role of individual differences in the workplace
Rorschach, WAIS and three psychomotor tests as a test battery. Volume 2, Tables, matrices and other normative data
Testing and assessment in counseling practice
Handbook of psychological and educational assessment of children : personality, behavior, and context
Developments in the Rorschach technique. Volume II : Fields of application / Bruno Klopfer with contributions by Mary D. Ainsworth ... [et al.]
Practice tests for personality testing : succeed at psychometric testing
Summary in English: Psychiatric assessment of working impairment.
Minnesota multiphasic personality inventory MMPI
Change in the structure of personality ratings according to the relevance of objects
The Rorschach technique : an introductory manual
The 16 p. f. test. Form A.
The Rorschach : a comprehensive system. Volume 1, Basic foundations
Personal construct psychology and education
Who do you think you are? : explore your many-sided self with The Berkeley Personality Profile
A history of personality psychology : theory, science, and research from Hellenism to the twenty-first century
Paradigms of personality assessment
Perception of privacy in smartphone applications : profiling users based on personality traits
Introduction to the Szondi test : theory and practice
Handbook of psychological assessment
MMPI-2 : assessing personality and psychopathology
Essentials of Myers-Briggs Type Indicator assessment
Psychometrics in coaching : using psychological and psychometric tools for development
Personality assessment
Individualizing psychological assessment
Handbook of psychodiagnostic testing : an analysis of personality in the psychological report
Oxford handbook of personality assessment
The MMPI-2 in psychological treatment
The Handbook of Psychodiagnostic Testing is an invaluable aid to students and professionals performing psychological assessments. It takes the reader from client referral to finished report, demonstrating how to synthesize details of personality and pathology into a document that is focused, coherent, and clinically meaningful. This new edition covers emerging areas in borderline and narcissistic pathologies, psychological testing of preschool children, and bilingual populations. It also discusses the most current clinical issues and evaluating populations on which standard psychological tests have not been standardized.
Finnish summary.
Personnel testing : a manager's gude to establishing a quality workforce
Personality traits between puberty and adolescence : their relationships, development and constancy with reference to their relation to school achievement
Teaching and learning personality assessment
Career counselling : compendium of methods and techniques
The thematic apperception test : the theory and technique of interpretation
Abstract.
The clinical assessment of children and adolescents : a practitioner's handbook
The complete personality assessment : psychometric tests to reveal your full potential
Test Your Numerical Aptitude
Review and assessment of construct, convergent, and discriminant validities of measures of psychological needs, with a special focus on the thematic apperception test
Studies of psychomotor personality tests. 1
Multicultural assessment : principles, applications, and examples
The mismeasure of man
Differentiating normal and abnormal personality
Projective techniques : a dynamic approach to the study of the personality
Please understand me. II : Temperament, character intelligence
Rorschach, WAIS and three psychomotor tests as a test battery : a methodological and normative study with a large Finnish sample
The description of personality measurements in terms of rotated factors
The narcissist test : how to spot outsized egos... and the surprising things we can learn from them
The Rorschach : a comprehensive system. Vol. 2
Test your EQ : assess your emotional intelligence with 22 personality questionaires
Rorschach assessment of the personality disorders
