http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5300 diplomas (certificates)
diplomas (certificates)
Proof theory : history and philosophical significance
The cosmological argument
Why prove it again? : alternative proofs in mathematical practice
On the existence of God : lectures given at the universities of Würzburg and Vienna 1868-1891
The Scottish law of evidence
Charming proofs : a journey into elegant mathematics
Rethinking the ontological argument : a neoclassical theistic response
"We shall discuss the notion of proof and then present an introductory example of the analysis of the structure of proofs. The contents of the book are outlined in the third and last section of this chapter. 1.1 The idea of a proof A proof in logic and mathematics is, traditionally, a deductive argument from some given assumptions to a conclusion. Proofs are meant to present conclusive evidence in the sense that the truth of the conclusion should follow necessarily from the truth of the assumptions. Proofs must be, in principle, communicable in every detail, so that their correctness can be checked. Detailed proofs are a means of presentation that need not follow in anyway the steps in finding things out. Still, it would be useful if there was a natural way from the latter steps to a proof, and equally useful if proofs also suggested the way the truths behind them were discovered. The presentation of proofs as deductive arguments began in ancient Greek axiomatic geometry. It took Gottlob Frege in 1879 to realize that mere axioms and definitions are not enough, but that also the logical steps that combine axioms into a proof have to be made, and indeed can be made, explicit. To this purpose, Frege formulated logic itself as an axiomatic discipline, completed with just two rules of inference for combining logical axioms. Axiomatic logic of the Fregean sort was studied and developed by Bert-rand Russell, and later by David Hilbert and Paul Bernays and their students, in the first three decades of the twentieth century. Gradually logic came to be seen as a formal calculus instead of a system of reasoning: the language of logic was formalized and its rules of inference taken as part of an inductive definition of the class of formally provable formulas in the calculus"--
Analysis of evidence
Theories of evidence : Bentham and Wigmore
Abstract.
Detailed Contents; Lecture 1. The Problem of Evil and the Argument from Evil; Lecture 2. The Idea of God; Lecture 3. Philosophical Failure; Lecture 4. The Global Argument from Evil; Lecture 5. The Global Argument Continued; Lecture 6. The Local Argument from Evil; Lecture 7. The Sufferings of Beasts; Lecture 8. The Hiddenness of God; Notes; Works Cited; Index.
Descartes against the skeptics
The existence of God
Jesus and the eyewitnesses : the Gospels as eyewitness testimony
The language of religion
Proof analysis : a contribution to Hilbert's last problem
Reasoning
From findings to statistics : an assessment of Finnish medical cause-of-death information in relation to underlying-cause coding
Arguments for the existence of God
Handbook of philosophical logic. Vol. 1, Elements of classical logic
The vast amount of suffering in the world is often held as a particularly powerful reason to deny that God exists. Highly accessible and carefully argued, Peter van Inwagen's book maintains that such reasoning does not hold, and that suffering should not undermine belief in God. - ;It is generally supposed that the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering, much of it truly horrible suffering, confronts those who believe in an all-powerful and benevolent Creator with a serious problem: to explain why such a Creator would permit this. Many reflective people are convinced that the problem, the problem of evil, is insoluble. The reasons that underlie this conviction can be formulated as a powerful argument for the non-existence of God, the so-called argument from evil: If there were a God, he would not permit the existence of vast amounts of truly horrible suffering; since such suffering exists, there is no God. Peter van Inwagen examines this argument, which he regards as a paradigmatically philosophical argument. His conclusion is that (like most philosophical arguments) it is a failure. He seeks to demonstrate, not that God exists, but the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering does not show that God does not exist.
Student assessment guide for vocational education and training : abbreviated version
The ontological argument : from St. Anselm to contemporary philosophers
The book of evidence
The nuts and bolts of proofs : an introduction to mathematical proofs
Does God's existence need proof?
Logic and theism : arguments for and against beliefs in God
The divine lawmaker : lectures on induction, laws of nature, and the existence of God
Proof theory of modal logic
The rationality of of belief in God
Argumentation : analysis and practices
Evidence and proof
The modern law of evidence
The question of God : an introduction and sourcebook
The burden of proof
Proof, logic and formalization
Abstract: New energy performance certificate.
Belief systems, inquiry and argumentation
Our knowledge of God
Proof theory and logical complexity. Vol. 1
Probability and scientific inference
Grades and grade assignment : effects of student and school characteristics
Theory and evidence
The five ways : St. Thomas Aquinas' proofs of God's existence
An introduction to evidence
A possible and necessary consistency proof
Student assessment and testing
Handbook of proof theory
A practical study of argument
A tremor in the blood : uses and abuses of the lie detector
Argumentation : across the lines of discipline : proceedings of the Conference on Argumentation 1986
Event Pass Generator
Knowledge of God
Proofs for eternity, creation and the existence of God in medieval Islamic and Jewish philosophy
Obtaining evidence in another jurisdiction in business disputes
Rethinking evidence : exploratory essays
The burdens of proof : discriminatory power, weight of evidence, and tenacity of belief
This monograph considers several well-known mathematical theorems and asks the question, “Why prove it again?” while examining alternative proofs. It explores the different rationales mathematicians may have for pursuing and presenting new proofs of previously established results, as well as how they judge whether two proofs of a given result are different. While a number of books have examined alternative proofs of individual theorems, this is the first that presents comparative case studies of other methods for a variety of different theorems. The author begins by laying out the criteria for distinguishing among proofs and enumerates reasons why new proofs have, for so long, played a prominent role in mathematical practice. He then outlines various purposes that alternative proofs may serve. Each chapter that follows provides a detailed case study of alternative proofs for particular theorems, including the Pythagorean Theorem, the Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic, Desargues' Theorem, the Prime Number Theorem, and the proof of the irreducibility of cyclotomic polynomials.
On truth and evidence : a preliminary survey
The cosmological argument from Plato to Leibniz
Advances in natural deduction : a celebration in Dag Prawitz's work
Sick leave prescribing practices in Finland
God and argument = Dieu et l'argumentation philosophique
The non-existence of God
"This book continues from where the authors' previous book, Structural Proof Theory, ended. It presents an extension of the methods of analysis of proofs in pure logic to elementary axiomatic systems and to what is known as philosophical logic. A self-contained brief introduction to the proof theory of pure logic is included that serves both the mathematically and philosophically oriented reader. The method is built up gradually, with examples drawn from theories of order, lattice theory and elementary geometry. The aim is, in each of the examples, to help the reader grasp the combinatorial behaviour of an axiom system, which typically leads to decidability results. The last part presents, as an application and extension of all that precedes it, a proof-theoretical approach to the Kripke semantics of modal and related logics, with a great number of new results, providing essential reading for mathematical and philosophical logicians"--
"Infini rien" : Pascal's wager and the human paradox
Argumentation : analysis and practices : proceedings of the Conference on Argumentation 1986
An introduction to the philosophy of religion
Permutability of rules for linear lattices
Structural proof theory
The godless delusion : Dawkins and the limits of human sight
God? : a philosophical preface to faith
Dimensionality and predictive validity of school grades : the relative influence of cognitive and social-behavioral aspects
An introduction to mathematical reasoning : numbers, sets and functions
Handbook of argumentation theory : a critical survey of classical backgrounds and modern studies
Proof theory of impredicative subsystems of analysis
On constructive interpretation of predicative mathematics
An outline of the law of evidence
Swedish summary.
Combinators, -terms and proof theory
Lectures on the proofs of the existence of God
Informal logic : a handbook for critical argumentation
The golden thread of the English criminal law : the burden of proof
A Candid Examination of Theism
On the nature and existence of God
God, the multiverse, and everything : modern cosmology and the argument from design
Introduction to logic
Phipson on evidence
Proof theory : the first step into impredicativity
Reconstructing reality in the courtroom
The problem of evil
The law of evidence
Basic proof theory
Proofs from the book
Aquinas' proofs for God's existence : St. Thomas Aquinas on: "the per accidens necessarily implies the per se"
Elementary induction on abstract structures
The moment of proof : mathematical epiphanies
Argumentation : perspectives and approaches : proceedings of the Conference on Argumentation 1986
Proof theory
