http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p530 occultism
occultism
Earth medicine : revealing hidden teachings of the native American medicine wheel
The secret history of the world : and how to get out alive
Spooks. 2 : Century club
Paranormality : why we see what isn't there
Digging for Hitler : the Nazi archaeologists search for an Aryan past
Ancient Egyptian celestial healing : the source codes for high frequency
A tale of the light world : revealing a profound secret of the universe
The sacred history : how angels, mystics and higher intelligence made our world
The dark spirit : sinister portraits from Celtic history
Heartlight
Freedom is a two-edged sword and other essays
The complete illustrated guide to feng shui
The house of rumour
The I ching : landscapes of the soul : revisiting an ancient Chinese oracle
Earth changes and the human-cosmic connection
The Christ, psychotherapy and magic : a Christian appreciation of occultism
The last days of new Paris
The fortune-tellers
The occult in the western world : an annotated bibliography
The I ching : the book of answers
Transported to another dimension by the Books of Magic, Tim Hunter and Zatanna awake in a world where magic once ruled in peace until mad scientists banned magic and forced all of the magical creatures underground in exile. Tim soon finds out that his ancestors are tied to this world and that only he, through the Books of Magic, can free the "Wild World." Unsure of what transpired when Tim and Zatanna disappeared, the remaining members of JLD, with the help of Tim Hunter's father, manage to transport themselves to the "Wild World" and soon find that the rules of magic here are very different and very deadly.
Magic and mysticism : an introduction to Western esotericism
The tragic story of witchcraft in America, from the infamous Salem witch trials to the present day - now told in full for the first time.
Supernatural : writings on an unknown history
A Surrealist bomb transfigures war-torn Paris into a phantasmagoric dreamscape, unleashing a race of nightmarish creatures.
Dancing Jax
Hellboy : The chained coffin and others
The devil's paintbrush
Nightside of Eden
The raven's head
Vril or vital magnetism : secret doctrine of ancient Atlantis, Egypt, Chaldea and Greece
Vampires across the world have gone berserk, attacking anything with a pulse. Fearing her apocalyptic vision of the future has come to pass, Madame Xanadu mobilizes the team to intervene. But everything the Justice League Dark members know about how to slay a vampire is useless, for the world has changed.
Heart of tarot : an intuitive approach
Spooks. 1 : The fall of Babylon
Incidents in the night. Book one
Final hour
Magick in theory and practice
Letters on occult meditation
The secrets of blood and bone
The cosmic doctrine
The sweet scent of blood
The vinyl underground. [Vol. 1] : Watching the detectives
The dark sacrament : true stories of modern-day demon possession and exorcism
Coffin Hill. volume 1 : Forest of the night
Magic, mystery, and science : the occult in Western civilization
A history of magic and experimental science. Volume 4, Fourteenth and fifteenth centuries
Hellboy : The crooked man and others
Cthulhu Wars
Hellboy : Seed of destruction
Ethos
The wisdom in the Hebrew alphabet : the sacred letters as guide to Jewish deed and thought
21st-century electronic projects for a New Age
Channelling : use your psychic powers to contact your spirit guides
The psychology of the occult
Tree of enchantment : ancient wisdom of magical practices of the faery tradition
Conscience : the search for truth
Hellboy : Weird tales. Volume one
Feng shui step by step : arranging your home for health and happiness - with personalized astrological charts
No harm can come to a good man
Reader of hearts : the life and teachings of a reluctant psychic
The back in time Tarot book : picture the past, experience the cards, understand the present
The gates : a strange novel for strange young people
The secrets of time and fate
Spooks. 4 : The 46th state
Hindu astrology : myths symbols and realities
The executive mystic : psychic power tools for success
Cemetery girl. book one : The pretenders
God is a verb : Kabbalah and the practice of mystical Judaism
Secrets of the serpent : in search of the sacred past
Venice, 16th Century. Having undertaken a mission of the upmost discretion, occultist and scholar Edward Kelley finds the answers he seeks are more perilous than can be believed, and his salvation will mean confronting the darkest deeds of his past. England, 21st Century. Jackdaw Hammond is running form her past and hiding from her future, but a new home and a fresh start are threatened by a wild magic similar to her own. The legacy of Edward Kelley remains, with their fates inexorably entwined, the battle for her soul has begun.
Nomad codes : adventures in modern esoterica
The complete book of aquarian magic : a practical guide to the magical arts
Fairies 101 : an introduction to connecting, working and healing with the fairies and other elementals
Alchemy, the golden art : the secrets of the oldest enigma
Feng-Shui : the science of sacred landscape in old China
How to predict the unpredictable : the art of outsmarting almost everyone
Justice League Dark. Volume 4, The rebirth of evil
Transmission : a meditation for the new age
"Did you know the cycles of the moon have a huge effect on our health, our mood, our relationships, and our work? By understanding these phases, we can work with them to improve and empower every aspect of our lives. In Moonology, world-renowned astrologist Yasmin Boland unveils: why connecting with the moon can change your life for the better; powerful rituals and ceremonies for each moon phase; how the moon connects us to nature and the cosmos; how to work out where the moon is in each cycle; international New Moon and Full Moon dates for the next 10 years. You will also learn affirmations, visualizations, and chants to use during each phase of the moon, and will discover the role of Angels, Goddesses, and Ascended Masters during the New and Full Moons. This is a book for all those wishing to deepen their connection with nature and take their spiritual practice to a new level."--Publisher's information.
Occultism in a global perspective
A history of magic and experimental science. Vol. 3, Fourteenth and fifteenth centuries
Alchemy : the medieval alchemists and their royal art
The supernatural enhancements
Esoteric astrology
Locating the West : problematizing the Western esotericism and occultism
Justice League Dark. Volume 3, The death of magic
16th century: John Dee and Edward Kelley are once again on the trail of Countess Elizabeth Báthory, but how can they hope to stop a creature that cannot die? 21st century: Life and death are things Jackdaw Hammond knows more about than most, but the cost by which she clings to life has finally caught up with her. Possessed by the being known as Saraquel, Jack is losing herself day by day, living rough on the streets of London with long periods of lost time. Can magic set you free?
Esoteric psychology. 2
The great approach  : new light and life for humanity
Providence. Act 1
The school of night : a novel
Edgar Cayce: an american prophet
The occult tradition : from the Renaissance to the present day
Divination, politics, and ancient Near Eastern empires
When Luke Manchett's estranged father dies unexpectedly, he leaves his son a dark inheritance: a collection of eight restless spirits, known as his Host, who want revenge for their long enslavement. Once they figure out that Luke has no clue how to manage them, they become increasingly belligerent, and eventually mutiny. Halloween (the night when ghosts reach the height of their power) is fast approaching, and Luke knows his Host is planning something far more trick than treat. Armed with only his father's indecipherable notes, a locked copy of The Book of Eight, and help from school outcast Elza Moss, Luke has just thirteen days to uncover the closely guarded secrets of black magic and send his unquiet spirits to their eternal rest--or join their ghostly ranks himself.
Wicca & witchcraft for dummies
Dancing Jax : freax and rejex
The black book of modern myths
Lucifer rising : British intelligence and the occult in the Second World War
The monster's lament
Hellboy : house of the living dead
Justice League Dark. Volume 5, Paradise lost
The book of Abramelin : a new translation
The Secret Circle : the captive, part 2 and the power
Maitreya's mission. Volume two
Everyday magic in early modern Europe
Initiation
Embracing the dark : the magic order of Dragon Rouge : its practice in dark magic and meaning making
The valkyries : an encounter with angels
Justice League Dark. Volume 2, The books of magic
An occult dictionary for the millions
The Secret Circle : the captive, part II and the power
Occult Symbolism in France : joséphin peladan and the salons de la rose-croix
13 days of midnight
An out-of-control sorceress is creating havoc across the Earth, and not even the likes of Superman and Wonder Woman have been able to stop her. Clairvoyant Madame Xanadu has foreseen that the only means to save the planet is to assemble a group of the world's most powerful and bizarre magical heroes...
Cemetery girl.  book two, Inheritance
Witches : they are everywhere..
Politics and the occult : the left, the right and the radically unseen
Kabalistic astrology : being the hebraic method of divination by the power of sound, number, and planetary influence
The western esoteric traditions : a historical introduction
Alchemy and alchemists
The art of dreaming
Colin Wilson : philosopher of optimism
Cham, the truth : all the facts and raison d'être
The myth of the Magus
Esoteric psychology. 1
Cults of the shadow
The bitter seed of magic
The practical psychic self-defense handbook : a survival guide : combat psychic attacks, evil spirits & possession
Numerology : discover your future, life purpose and destiny from your birth date and name
The Necronomicon
The temptation
The people of the secret
Occultism in fringe Bengal
The Justice League Dark team is called into action by Wonder Woman in hopes of finding Pandora's Box, which may hold the only answers to save an ailing Superman. Not about to let the Seven Deadly Sins escape from Pandora's Box, The Phantom Stranger pleads with the remaining members of the Justice League to stop Wonder Woman before she accidentally puts an end to the world as they know it.
Divination and oracles
Medusa's web : a novel
Dark Shadows : the original series story digest. Interrupted voyage
Occultism and traditionalism : Arturo Reghini and the antimodern reaction in early twentieth-century Italy
Extinction
The body under the bridge
The undiscovered country : journeys among the dead
She calls herself Calexa Rose Dunhill. She has been living - hiding out - in Dunhill Cemetery ever since someone left her there to die. She has no idea who wants her dead or why, but she isn't about to hand around for her would-be-killer to finish the job.  Despite her self-imposed isolation among the deceased, Calexa's ability to see spirits and the memories she receives from them guarantees she'll never be alone. The only living people she interacts with are Kelner, the cemetery's cantankerous caretaker, and Lucinda Cameron, an elderly woman who lives in an old Victorian house across the street. With their friendship, Calexa has regained a link to the world beyond tombstones and mausoleums.  Until the night she witnesses a murder that shatters her life: a life now under a police microscope, as their investigation threatens to uncover Calexa's true identity . . .
Black magic woman : A Morris and Chastain investigation
Debunked! : ESP, telekinesis, and other pseudoscience
London falling
Indian alchemy
The hunt
Justice League Dark. . Volume 6, Lost in forever
Art and Symbols of the Occult
The living rosycross, August 24, 1924 - August 24, 1989 : word, life, light
Numerology : the complete guide. Vol. 1, The personality reading
Time is broken - and so is the Justice League Dark! The team may have welcomed Andrew Bennett, Frankenstein, and others back into the fold, but the reunion will be short-lived when the JLD finds itself scattered across the timestream. They're lost in an apocalyptic wasteland at the end of time. An incomprehensible dimension beyond all existence, the JLD finds itself at the dawn of a dark civilization lost to recorded history - the place where magic was first harnessed.
During a briefing in Washington D.C., the President is informed of a threat to national security: a three-year-old boy named Akili, who is already the smartest being on the planet. Representing the next step in human evolution, Akili can perceive patterns and predict future events better than most supercomputers, and is capable of manipulating grand-scale events like pieces on a chess board.
Encyclopedia of the occult : a guide to every aspect of occult lore, belief, and practice
Justice League Dark. Volume 1, In the dark
The fallout from the Justice League Dark's battles with Blight and the Trinity of Sin, during the DC crossover event 'Forever Evil', has left the team in tatters. Zatanna assumes leadership of the team and prepares to rebuild. With team members angry and confused by John Constantine's methods during the fight with Blight and the Trinity of Sin, how will John Constantine fit into this new team, if at all?
The heretics : adventures with the enemies of science
The tarot : history, mystery and love
The encyclopedia of the occult : a compendium of information on the occult sciences, occult personalities, psychic science, magic, spiritism and mysticism
Numerology : the complete guide. Vol. 2, Advanced personality analysis and reading the past, present and future
"From the award-winning author of Hide Me Among the Graves, Last Call, Declare, and Three Days to Never, a phantasmagoric, thrilling, mind-bending tale of speculative fiction in which one man must uncover occult secrets of 1920s Hollywood to save his family. In the wake of their Aunt Amity's suicide, Scott and Madeline Madden are summoned to Caveat, the eerie, decaying mansion in the Hollywood hills in which they were raised. But their decadent and reclusive cousins, the malicious wheelchair-bound Claimayne and his sister, Ariel, do not welcome Scott and Madeline's return to the childhood home they once shared. While Scott desperately wants to go back to their shabby South-of-Sunset lives, he cannot pry his sister away from this haunted "House of Usher in the Hollywood Hills" that is a conduit for the supernatural.Decorated by bits salvaged from old hotels and movie sets, Caveat hides a dark family secret that stretches back to the golden days of Rudolph Valentino and the silent film stars. A collection of hypnotic eight-limbed abstract images inked on paper allows the Maddens to briefly fragment and flatten time - to transport themselves into the past and future in visions that are both puzzling and terrifying. Though their cousins know little about these ancient "spiders" which provoke unpredictable temporal dislocations, Ariel and Claimayne have been using for years - an addiction that has brought Claimayne to the brink of selfish destruction. As Madeline falls more completely under Caveat's spell, Scott discovers that to protect her, he must use the perilous spiders himself. But will he unravel the mystery of the Madden family's past and finally free them. or be pulled deeper into their deadly web?"--
Occult science : an outline
The Message : Kunst und Okkultismus = art and occultism
The men who stare at goats
Kabbalah for beginners : a beginner's guide to hidden wisdom
The illuminati papers
Kabbalah, science and the meaning of life
The Secret Circle : the initiation and the captive part 1
The satanic bible
The feng shui handbook : how to create a healthier living and working environment
Journey to the East
The complete prophecies of Nostradamus
The seven words : elemental occultism for beginners
Hellboy : Strange places
The soul and its mechanism : the problem of psychology
The divide
America bewitched : the story of witchcraft after Salem
Poison city
Blue Lily, Lily Blue
Moonology : working with the magic of lunar cycles
The Wordsworth dictionary of the occult
Hellboy : Weird tales. volume two
Unseen fire
