http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p531 study of paranormal phenomena
study of paranormal phenomena
Science : good, bad and bogus
Anatomy of the spirit : the seven stages of power and healing
Discover your authentic self : be you, be free, be happy
Feng shui for the soul
The magic in your hands : how to see auras and use them for diagnosis and healing
Angel detox : taking your life to a higher level through releasing emotional, physical, and energetic toxins
How to see your angels : a guide to attracting heavenly beings that heal, help and inspire
Parapsychology : the science of unusual experience
The Invisibles. [Vol. 4] : Bloody hell in America
Dying to wake up : a doctor's voyage into the afterlife and the wisdom he brought back
Conversations on consciousness
Angels : how to see, hear and feel your angels
Countdown to coherence : a spiritual journey toward a scientific theory of everything
The love key : how to unlock your secret powers and find true love
Archangels 101 : how to connect closely with archangels Michaelm Raphael, Gabriel, Uriel, and others for healing, protection, and guidance
From the days of the earliest Paleolithic cave rituals, magic has gripped the imagination. Magic and magicians appear in early Babylonian texts, the Bible, Judaism, and Islam. Secret words, spells, and incantations lie at the heart of nearly every mythological tradition. But for every genuine magus there is an impostor. During the Middle Ages, religion, science, and magic were difficult to set apart. The Middle Ages also saw the pursuit of alchemy which led to a fascination with the occult, Freemasonry, and Rosicrucianism. The turn of the twentieth century witnessed a return to earlier magical traditions, and today, magic means many things: contemporary Wicca is practiced widely as a modern pagan religion in Europe and the US; “magic” also stretches to include the nonspiritual, rapid-fire sleight of hand performed by slick stage magicians who fill vast arenas. This book is packed with authoritative text and a huge and inspired selection of images, some chosen from unusual sources, including some of the best-known representations of magic and the occult from around the world spanning ancient to modern times.
Information seeking and interest in the paranormal : towards a process model of information action
The allies of humanity. Book one : an urgent message
Auras : what they are and how to read them
The Occult in Russian and Soviet culture
A new light on angels
An angel changed my life : uplifting true-life stories of miraculous healing
Earth changes and the human-cosmic connection
Positioning in wireless networks : non-cooperative and cooperative algorithms
The archangel guide to enlightenment and mastery : living in the fifth dimension
Parapsychology : research on exceptional experiences
The secret history of the world : and how to get out alive
Paranormality : why we see what isn't there
The X-files. Volume 2: book of the unexplained
The forthcoming 20-year period offers an unprecedented opportunity for spiritual growth. For the first time since the Golden Era of Atlantis, those who are ready can be bathed in ninth-dimensional frequencies to accelerate the ascension process. In this book, Diana Cooper and Tim Whild share their incredible knowledge of the Golden Era of Atlantis and offer information, exercises and meditations to become an Enlightened Master in this lifetime. They connect you to the highest frequency dragons, unicorns, angels and great Ascended Masters who are assisting you from many universes to move into your true potential. The entire book vibrates at the fifth to seventh dimensions, interwoven with incredible shining ninth-dimensional threads. Lord Kuthumi, the World Teacher, takes you into his 12 teaching temples where he and great Universal Angels and Masters take you on a training course into enlightenment and mastery. In addition, many of the greatest masters who serve our planet share their secrets and assistance. Lord Voosloo, the highest frequency High Priest to have served in Atlantis, has allowed us to access his incredible energy to take the reader to the highest levels now achievable on planet Earth. This book is a must-read for those who wish to fulfil their soul missions in this life and serve Gaia in the fifth dimension and beyond.
Skeptical inquirer : the magazine for science and reason
Auras : and how to read them
The encyclopedia of paranormal powers : discover the secrets of mind readers, mediums and more
Let your spirit guides speak : a simple guide for a life of purpose, abundance and joy
Angel answers : what the angels can teach us about the world we live in
The personal aura
A little light on ascension
The Invisibles. [Vol. 6] :  Kissing mister Quimper
Parapsychology in the twenty-first century : essays on the future of psychical research
2012 and beyond
Protected by angels : magical true stories of angelic intervention
The keys to the universe : access the ancient secrets by attuning to the power of wisdom of the cosmos
The unofficial X-Files companion : an X-phile's guide to the mysteries, conspiracies, and really strange truths behind the series
The Akashic records : unlock the infinite power, wisdom and energy of the universe
Wittgenstein on Freud and Frazer
Tree of enchantment : ancient wisdom of magical practices of the faery tradition
A willing victim
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Edgar Cayce: an american prophet
The paranormal source book : the comprehensive guide to strange phenomena world wide
Transition to the Golden Age in 2032
Flower therapy : welcome the angels of nature into your life
Nutrition for intuition
Occult, witchcraft and magic : an illustrated history
Angel Detox : taking your life to a higher level through releasing emotional, physical and energetic toxins
Archangels 101 : how to connect closely with archangels Michael, Raphael, Uriel, Gabriel and others for healing, protection and guidance
The Element encyclopedia of ghosts and hauntings  : the ultimate a-z of spirits, mysteries and the paranormal
Space clearing A-Z : how to use Feng Shui to purify and bless your home
The book of secrets : esoteric societies and holy orders, luminaries and seers, symbols and rituals, and the key concepts of occult sciences through the ages and around the world
The allies of humanity. Book two : human unity, freedom & the hidden reality of contact : the second set of briefings
The angel's book of promises
Transition to the golden age in 2032
The complete idiot's guide to life after death
True angel stories : 777 messages of hope and inspiration
My journey with the angels
Encyclopedia of the unexplained
Encyclopedia of pseudoscience
The Healer's handbook : a journey into hyperspace
Fairies 101 : an introduction to connecting, working and healing with the fairies and other elementals
Skeptical inquirer : Helsinki
An encyclopedia of claims, frauds and hoaxes of the occult and supernatural : James Randi's decidedly skeptical definitions of alternative realities
Dr Rajiv Parti was the last man to believe in heaven or hell - until he saw them with his own eyes. Dr Parti was a wealthy man of science with a successful career as the Chief of Anesthesiology at the Bakersfield Heart Hospital in California. He demanded the same success from his son, whose failures provoked episodes of physical abuse from Dr Parti. However, his fate was overturned in 2005, when he was diagnosed with cancer. During his seventh operation against the disease, dying from sepsis with a 105 degree fever, Dr Parti left his body and watched his own operation from the ceiling. What followed was a profound near-death experience, in which Dr Parti was met by archangels and his deceased father, who led him to witness both heaven and hell. From the angels, he learned lessons of spiritual health that they insisted he bring down to earth - to do so, Dr Parti knew he had to change his ways. After his near-death experience, Dr Parti awoke a new man.
Deviance and moral boundaries : witchcraft the occult, science fiction, deviant sciences and scientists
Life beyond death : what should we expect?
The field : the quest for the secret force of the universe
The occult, witchcraft & magic : an illustrated history
Haunted America FAQ : all that's left to know about the most haunted houses, cemeteries, battlefields, and more
The Element illustrated encyclopedia of mind, body, spirit & earth
Tall tales about the mind and brain separating fact from fiction
The X-files. Volume 1: book of the unexplained
The little book of big promises : a three-step process for uncovering your soul's plan
The cure for dreaming
Alien art : extraterrestrial expressions on earth
I am the word : a guide to the consciousness of man's self in a transitioning time : a channeled text
The archangel guide to ascension : 55 steps to the light
Space-time constellation and precoder design under channel estimation errors
The angel therapy handbook
Philosophy between the lines : the lost history of esoteric writing
The executive mystic : psychic power tools for success
Prepare for 2012 and beyond
Interfaces, Standards and Code lists in Data communication between Authorities : Helsinki–St. Petersburg Smart Transport Corridor
Advanced theta healing : [harnessing the power of all that Is]
The Invisibles. [Vol. 5] : Counting to none
Chakra awakening : transform your reality using crystals, color, aromatherapy & the power of positive thought
Aura awareness : what your aura says about you
The holographic canvas : the fusing of mind and matter
An angel spoke to me : true stories messages from heaven
The ascension mysteries : revealing the cosmic battle between good and evil
Handbook of the aura
