http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5319 dog
dog
Effect of functional loading on remodelling in canine, and normal and collagen type II transgenic murine bone
All about Spot
Davy David, an orphan, lives by his wits in the dead-end town of Brownvale. When a stray dog called George turns Davy's life upside down just days before Christmas, he sets in motion a chain of events which forces them to flee. A mischievous wind blows the two of them to a boarded-up museum on the outskirts of town where they meet the elderly recluse, Miss Flint. She has planned one last adventure before her time is up and hires the reluctant Davy and George to escort her. A magical adventure about an unlikely friendship and an unforgettable journey. Ages 9+
Mirabelle and the bouncy red ball : a happy dog adventure
Saint Bernards
The complete dog
Summary: A survey on frequency and nature of seizures in Finnish Belgian Shepherd Dogs.
Dog treats : the barktender's guide to easy homemade dogtails and muttinis
Stress in dogs
A practical right-sided incisional gastropexy technique for treatment or prevention of gastric dilatation volvulus
Canine parvovirus infection : events at the nuclear envelope and its vicinity
There's broccoli in my ice cream!
Interactions of virus proteins within the host cell
Pelodera (syn. Rhabditis) strongyloides as a cause of dermatitis : a report of 11 dogs from Finland : case study
As part of the Ladybirds for Grown Ups Series, How it Works: The Dog pairs classic illustrations from Penguin's archive with hilarious satirical anecdotes about our reliable, loyal and loving furry companions.
Canine pancreatitis : from clinical suspicion to diagnosis and treatment
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 2, Use of loco-regional techniques
Abstract.
A friend for Christmas
Puppy love
A dog's life : a book of classic photographs
PML-nuclear body dynamics in canine parvovirus infection
The ultimate encyclopedia of dog breeds & dog care
The art of racing in the rain : a novel
Use of bioactive glasses as porous implant surface inlays, a laser-deposited coating and peri-implant bone graft extender
Cell biology of canine parvovirus entry
A good dog : the story of Orson, who changed my life
Practical (a) guide to selecting a small dog : An illustrated guide to help you to choose the most suitable small dog for you and your home from over 80 international breeds
Whippet
Thank goodness for Bob
Spot's day out
Free days with George : life's little lessons learned from one very big dog
Spot's big book of first words
Control unleashed : creating a focused and confident dog
Being a dog : following the dog into a world of smell
The semiotic grounds of animal assistance : sign use of guide dogs and their visually impaired handlers
The Boston terrier
Mighty Murphy
Mirabelle goes for a walk : a happy dog adventure
Lady : my life as a bitch
Secret of the haunted cave
The drop
Further adventures of Lad
Timoleon Vieta come home : a sentimental journey
The natural history of the dog
10-minute dog traineng games : quick and creative activities for the busy dog owner
Chromatographic purification and labeling of canine parvovirus
Small Animal Ophthalmology : self-assessment color review
Dexmedetomidine and MK-467, a peripherally acting α2-adrenoceptor antagonist, in dogs
Scary dog
The ultimate guide to dog breeds
Seasonality, photoperiod and nutritional status in the control of endocrinological weight-regulation
Dogs of the world
Last days of the dog-men : stories
Mary and the mystery dog
Everything dogs
Surgical treatment of canine cranial cruciate ligament deficiency : a literature review
Neurohumoral response and pathophysiologic changes during progression of mitral regurgitation in the Cavalier King Charles spaniel
Hip ideas for hyper dogs
Mirabelle and the butterfly : a happy dog adventure
Gastroduodenoscopy in dogs and cats
A dog's life
The plague dogs
Dog Park Renovation Plan
The hound of the Baskervilles
Goodbye, pet & see you in heaven : a memoir of animals, love and loss
Lady and the Tramp
Plenty of love to go round!
The great escape
Dylan the doctor
The dog's dinner party
How do laboratory dogs of different breeds utilise an enriched housing with access to outdoor exercise?
Billy & Buddy. 4 : it's a dog's life
DGGE analysis of probiotic-induced alteration in the canine faecal lactic acid bacteria microbiota
Summary: Pyothorax caused by Actinomyces sp. in a German shepherd - a case report.
Mystery of the mist monster
Hairy Maclary : story collection
Kipper's Christmas eve
Belle and Sébastien : the child of the mountains
Dietary protein and carbohydrate modify volatile fatty acid (VFA) profile in canine faeces
Puppy perfect : the usefriendly guide to puppy parenting
Clever dog : understand what your dog is telling you
"A thief strikes at the grand ball, but can Shifty McGifty and Slippery Sam catch the culprit before he scarpers?"--Publisher.
Alex Graham's Fred Basset 1999
Segregation analysis for hip and elbow dysplasia in the Finnish rottweiler
The road to ever after
Having fun with agility
Customer service training program for Virginia Woof Dog Daycare Center
Composition, digestibility and nutritive value of cereals for dogs
Mechanisms of cell death in canine parvovirus-infected cells provide intuitive insights to developing nanotools for medicine
Small animal arthroscopy : challenging and usefull
Man's best friend : National Geographic book of dogs
Dog owner's home veterinary handbook
Breaking bad habits in dogs : learn to gain the obedience and trust of your dog by understanding the way that it thinks and behaves
Get down!! : dog cartoons
Lupo and the secret of Windsor castle
Shifty McGifty and Slippery Sam : the diamond chase
The Fix. Vol. 1, Where beagles dare
Marley & me : life and love with the world's worst dog
Genetics and the social behavior of the dog
Making friends : training your dog positively
How it works. The dog
Endoscopy of the gastrointestinal tract : when is it really indicated
Sea dog Bamse : World War II canine hero
Pretty poodle Parlour
Alexandra Horowitz, the author of the lively, highly informative New York Times best selling blockbuster Inside of a Dog, explains how dogs perceive the world through their most spectacular organ, the nose, and how humans can put their under-used sense of smell to work in surprising ways.
Clicker training for dogs
Intra-articular injections in the management of canine osteoarthritis : a review of the literature
Strongyloides stercoralis infection in a Finnish kennel : case report
Complete Dog : /A Comprehensive Guide to the Canine World
The power of positive dog training
The complete guide to mutts : selection, care, and celebration from puppyhood to senior
THE CONCISE ILLUSTRATED BOOK OF DOGS
Good dog behaviour : an owner's guide
The call of the wild
Guided tissue regeneration of a left mandibular first molar tooth in a dog
Genetic variances, trends and mode of inheritance for hip and elbow dysplasia in Finnish dog populations
The allergy and asthma protective effects of farm environment and pet animals : the role of immunomodulation
A dangerous path
Spot's noisy things that go
Dog's life : e-lehti
Spy dog : storm chaser
Dogs in cars
Finnish dog news annual
Dogs of the world in colour
Selection and genetic diversity in the major histocompatibility complex genes of wolves and dogs
How to howl at the moon
The goodness of dogs : the human's guide to choosing, buying, training, feeding, living with and caring for you dog
If Luka could have anything in the world for Christmas, it would be to see Buddy again, his red and grey mongrel with one floppy ear. But Buddy has been missing for months. Then again, sometimes, at Christmas time, wishes really do come true.
Bringing light to shadow : a dog trainer's diary
Click & easy : clicker training for dogs
The new guide to dog breeds : the complete reference to pedigree dog breeds of the world
The dog with no name
Itty-bitty kitty rescue
Multimedia dogs : the complete interactive guide to dogs
A Dog called scamp
Spot can count
The great Shelby Holmes : girl detective
Notes on canine internal medicine
Summary: Neck pain and fever in a dog - two case reports.
The wish puppy
Love that dog
The encyclopedia of dog breeds
What the dog knows : scent, science, and the amazing ways dogs perceive the world
Handbook on animal-assisted therapy : theoretical foundations and guidelines for practice
How to raise the perfect dog : through puppyhood and beyond
Angus and Sadie
The encyclopedia of the dog : the definitive visual guide
Canine medicine : a text and reference work
The victory dogs
After Colin Campbell went on a short business trip abroad, he returned home to discover his wife of many years had moved out. No explanations. No second chances. She was gone and wasn't coming back. Shocked and heartbroken, Colin fell into a spiral of depression and loneliness. Soon after, a friend told Colin about a dog in need of rescue -- a neglected 140-pound Newfoundland Landseer, a breed renowned for its friendly nature and remarkable swimming abilities. Colin adopted the traumatised dog, brought him home and named him George. Both man and dog were heartbroken and lacking trust, but together they learned how to share a space, how to socialise, and most of all, how to overcome their bad experiences. At the same time, Colin relived childhood memories of his beloved grandfather, a decorated war hero and a man who gave him hope when he needed it most.
Esophageal diseases : diagnostic and therapeutic approach
Canine biliary tract diseases : how to reveal and treat them
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 1, Use of systemic analgesics
Rusty's train ride
Where's Spot?
