http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5322 Pidgin languages
Pidgin languages
Pidgins and creoles. Vol. 1, Theory and structure
Deutsch im Kontakt mit anderen Sprachen = German in contact with other languages
Contact languages : ecology and evolution in Asia
Pacific languages : an introduction
The survey of pidgin and creole languages. Vol. 1, English-based and Dutch-based languages
Solomon Islands Pijin : special skills handbook
Papua New Guinea Tok Pisin English : dictionary
Varieties of English. 2, The Americas and the Caribbean
Pijin : a trilingual cultural dictionary : Pijin-Inglish-Franis, Pijin-English-French, Pijin-Anglais-Français
Language, education, and development : urban and rural Tok Pisin in Papua New Guinea
The syntax of nonsententials : multidisciplinary perspectives
Linguistics and second language acquisition
Contact languages : a wider perspective
The structure and status of pidgins and creoles : including selected papers from the meetings of the Society for Pidgin and Creole Linguistics
Features of Tok Pisin morphology and Jamaican Creole English phonology
Black through white : African words and calques which survived slavery in Creoles and transplanted European languages
Creole genesis and the acquisition of grammar : the case of Haitian creole
Asian Englishes. Vol. 1, South Asian English 1837-1938
Pidgins and creoles
Out of Africa : African influences in Atlantic Creoles
Social and linguistic history of Nigerian Pidgin English : as spoken by the Yoruba with special reference to the English derived lexicon
Language contact in a plantation environment : a sociolinguistic history of Fiji
Language complexity : typology, contact, change
Pidgin & Creole linguistics
Language contact
Deconstructing Creole is a collection of studies aimed at critically assessing the idea of creole languages as a homogeneous structural type with shared and peculiar patterns of genesis. Following up on the critical discussion of notions of 'creole exceptionalism' as historical and ideological constructs, this volume tests the basic assumptions that underlie current attempts to present 'creole structure' as a special type, from typological as well as sociohistorical perspectives. The sum of the findings presented here suggests that careful empirical investigation of input varieties and contact.
Tok Pisin texts : from the beginning to the present
Pacific pidgins and creoles : origins, growth and development
West Indians and their language
Asian Englishes. Vol. 3, Features of Indian English 1907-1954
The African palimpsest : indigenization of language in the West African europhone novel
Contemporary Nigerian poetry and the poetics of orality
Solomon Islands Pijin : teacher's handbook
"The most comprehensive overview available, this handbook is an essential guide to sociolinguistics today. Reflecting the breadth of research in the field, it surveys a range of topics and approaches in the study of language variation and use in society. As well as linguistic perspectives, the handbook includes insights from anthropology, social psychology, the study of discourse and power, conversation analysis, theories of style and styling, language contact and applied sociolinguistics. Language practices seem to have reached new levels since the communications revolution of the late twentieth century. At the same time face-to-face communication is still the main force of language identity, even if social and peer networks of the traditional face-to-face nature are facing stiff competition of the Facebook-to-Facebook sort. The most authoritative guide to the state of the field, this handbook shows that sociolinguistics provides us with the best tools for understanding our unfolding evolution as social beings."--Publisher's website.
Pidgin and Creole languages : selected essays
English around the world : an introduction
Pidgin and Creole linguistics
Asian Englishes. Vol. 2, 'Baboo English' 1890-1891
Five fingers for survival
Modern Englishes : pidgins and creoles
Papers in Pidgin and Creole linguistics. No. 5
Entwisted tongues : comparative creole literatures
Introduction to sociolinguistics. Vol. 2, The sociolinguistics of language
The handbook of Pidgin and Creole studies
Souhteast Asia : contemporary perspectives : the 5th Nordic Conference on Southeast Asian Studies Sept. 30 - Oct. 2, 1988, Lammi, Finland
Language description, history and development : linguistic indulgence in memory of Terry Crowley
Growing up bilingual : Puerto Rican children in New York
English on the Bonin (Ogasawara) Islands
Pidgins and creoles. Vol. 2, Reference survey
Pidginization and simplification of language
Contact languages : a comprehensive guide
Verb structures in the Creole of Belize
Creolization and contact
Dialects, Englishes, Creoles, and education
On pidginization : a case study of the dialogue in Gerald Durrell's The Bafut beagles
An introduction to pidgins and creoles
Understanding language change
A general and unified theory of the transmission process in language contact
Solomon Islands Pijin : communication and culture handbook
The atlas of Pidgin and Creole language structures
Deconstructing Creole
Language contact in the American deaf community
Pidginization and creolization as language acquisition
Studies in African varieties of English
Communicating in a fossilized interlanguage
Contact languages : Pidgins and Creoles
Pidgins and creoles : an introduction
Language contact in a postcolonial setting : the linguistic and social context of English and Pidgin in Cameroon
Asian Englishes. Vol. 4, Debating English in India 1968-1976
Pidgin and creole languages : a basic introduction
The emergence of pidgin and Creole languages
Beach-la-Mar to Bislama : the emergence of a national language in Vanuatu
Simultaneous sign and speech : a multimodal perspective on the communication of hearing-impaired children
Englishes : studies in varieties of English 1984-1988
"Why do groups of speakers in certain times and places come up with new varieties of languages? What are the social settings that determine whether a mixed language, a pidgin or a Creole will develop, and how can we understand the ways in which different languages contribute to the new grammar? Through the study of Malay contact varieties such as Baba Malay, Cocos Malay and Sri Lanka Malay, as well as the Asian Portuguese vernacular of Macau, and China Coast Pidgin, the book explores the social and structural dynamics that underlie the fascinating phenomenon of the creation of new, or restructured, grammars. It emphasizes the importance and interplay of historical documentation, socio-cultural observation and linguistic analysis in the study of contact languages, offering an evolutionary framework for the study of contact language formation - including pidgins and Creoles - in which historical, socio-cultural and typological observations come together"--Provided by publisher.
Asian Englishes. Vol. 5, East Indian varieties of 'Pidgin English' 1836-1960
Language and colonial power : the appropriation of Swahili in the former Belgian Congo 1880-1938
Language evolution : contact, competition and change
Processes of language contact : studies from Australia and the South Pacific
Language change and language contact in pidgins and creoles
An introduction to contact linguistics
Pidginization and creolization of languages : proceedings of a conference held at the University of the West Indies, Mona, Jamaica, April 1968
An introduction to sociolinguistics
Atlantic meets Pacific : a global view of pidginization and creolization : (selected papers from the Society for Pidgin Creole linguistics)
Toward a reference grammar of Tok Pisin : an experiment in corpus linguistics
Nigerian Pidgin in Lagos : language contact, variation and change in an African urban setting
Pidgins and creoles : current trends and prospects
The genesis of grammar : a reconstruction
The survey of pidgin and creole languages. Vol. 3, Contact languages based on languages from Africa, Asia, Australia, and the Americas
My personal language history
Growing up with Tok Pisin : contact, creolization, and change in Papua New Guinea's national language
The Cambridge handbook of sociolinguistics
Pidgin and Creole languages
Examines the processes by which languages change, from the macroecological perspective of competition and natural selection. This work looks at such themes as: natural selection in language; the actuation question and the invisible hand that drives evolution; multilingualism and language contact; and, language birth and language death.
The survey of pidgin and creole languages. Vol. 2, Portugese-based, Spanish-based, and French-based languages
