http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5328 actors (stage artists)
actors (stage artists)
I'll never write my memoirs
Creating a role
The great movie stars. 1, The golden years
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
You're never weird on the Internet (almost) : a memoir
Elizabeth Taylor : her life in style
Tan lines : a novel of sex and sunburn
The eternal party : understanding my dad, Larry Hagman, the TV star America loved to hate
The Internet movie database
Grace kelly : the secret lives of a princess
I'm still here
Secrets of my Hollywood life : a novel
Last man standing : tales from Tinseltown
You can't touch my hair and other things I still have to explain
The summer we fell apart : a novel
Vanished years
The actor speaks : voice and the performer
Why not me?
Half seven on a Thursday
The great movie stars. 3, The indepent years
Actors on acting : the theories, techniques, and practices of the world's great actors, told in their own words
Leah the theatre fairy
A night in with Audrey Hepburn
Benedict Cumberbatch
The act of being
STARS OF THE SCREEN
Not that kind of girl : a young woman tells you what she's "learned"
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
Idris Elba : So, now what? : the biography
John Wayne : the genuine article : the untold story of an American legend
Stage directions
Drama strategies : new ideas from London drama
A book for her
Season of storms
The bassoon king : art, idiocy, and other assorted tales from the band room
To bridal boutique owner Madeline Krug, organizing a Christmas wedding sounds like a joy - until she finds out she'll be working closely with the gorgeous brother of the bride, movie star Jonny Blaze. How will a small-town girl like her keep from falling for the world's sexiest guy? Especially with mistletoe lurking around every corner! Jonny came to Fool's Gold looking for normal, not for love. Happily-ever-after only happens in the movies. Still, nothing about this quirky town is quite what he expected, and "ordinary" Madeline is the most extraordinary woman he's ever met.
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from The Sopranos and The Wire to Mad Men and Breaking Bad
Sunshine and shadow
The cutting room floor
The (im)perfect girlfriend
A fine romance
"When you have a very famous father, like mine, everyone thinks they know him. My Dad, Larry Hagman, portrayed the storied, ruthless oilman JR on the TV series Dallas. He was the man everyone loved to hate, but he had a personal reputation of being a nice guy who fully subscribed to his motto: Have Fun, Don't Worry, Be Happy. Dad had a famous parent too, Mary Martin, known from many roles on Broadway, most memorably as Peter Pan. Off-stage she was a kind, elegant woman, who maintained the down home charm of her Texas roots. Both were performers to the core of their beings, masters at crafting their public images. They were beloved. And their relationship was complex and often fraught. My father never apologized for anything, even when he was wrong. But in the hours before he died, when I was alone with him in his hospital room, he begged for forgiveness. In his delirium he could not tell me what troubled him but somehow I found the words to comfort him. After he died I was compelled to learn why he felt the need to be forgiven. As I solved the troubling mystery of why my happy-go-lucky, pot-smoking, LSD-taking Dad had spent his last breaths begging to be forgiven, I also came to know my father and grandmother better than I had known them in life"--
Born a crime : and other stories
Jennifer Lawrence : girl on fire
The book of Joan : tales of mirth, mischief, and manipulation
Between director and actor : strategies for effective performance
Robsessed : all areas accessed
Diaries 1988 - 1998. Travelling to work
The last days of Leda Grey
Demon Rumm
Last night at the viper room : River Phoenix and the Hollywood he left behind
Dressed to kill
A story lately told : coming of age in Ireland, London and New York
Station eleven : a novel
Every picture tells a story
ADULT & CONTEMPORARY ROMANCE. Some loves never let you go ...Cassie swore she'd never forgive Ethan for breaking her heart when they were in acting school years ago. He was her one great love, and when he refused to love her back, a part of her died forever ...or so she thought. Now she and Ethan are sharing a Broadway stage, and he's determined to win her back. Finally he's able to say all the things she needed to hear years ago ...but can she believe him? Has he really changed, and what makes this time different from all his other broken promises?  The answer lies somewhere in the past, and now the truth will come to light. Will Cassie rediscover what it's like to be trusting and open again - the way she was before Ethan? Or is it too late for these star-crossed lovers? Don't miss this mesmerizing final chapter in the Bad Romeo duet, the unforgettable love story that captured the hearts of over two million fans online.
The Hollywood icon best known for her role in "Star Wars" shares interconnected essays exploring her life as the child of Hollywood royalty, adventures on the sets of "Star Wars," and struggles with biploar disorder.
Charlotte Crosby has been one of the UK's best-loved TV stars since she burst onto the celeb scene in 2011 with Geordie Shore. Laugh-out-loud hilarious, genuine, and a proper Geordie, Charlotte's popularity has even seen her crowned winner of 2013's Celebrity Big Brother. With her trademark humour and warmth, in ME ME ME Charlotte takes us on a very unique journey through her eventful teenage years (where literally nothing is off limits!), her attempts at holding down jobs (and booze), the life-changing experience of Geordie Shore, the truth about Gaz and his parsnip, and her inspiring weight-loss triumph. Full of drawings, doodles, and Charlotte's personal photos, this will be unlike any other celebrity autobiography on the market. Extremely personal, insanely honest and pant-wettingly funny.
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
The out of office girl
Wishful drinking
Fisher comes clean (well, sort of) with the crazy truth that is her life, in her first-ever memoir.
Shakespeare & me : great writers, actors, and directors on what the bard means to them - and us
The princess diarist
The goddess pose
Maggie Smith : a biography
Fallout : a novel
The stylist
Waiting for callback
More fool me : a memoir
Building a character
Wildflower
The time of my life
Darklight : a novel
Long way down
The perfect location
Neil Patrick Harris : choose your own autobiography
Troublemaker : surviving Hollywood and Scientology
"Keegan Allen is the international breakout star of ABC Family's hit television series, Pretty Little Liars. A gifted photographer and writer--and a dazzling film, television, and stage actor now counting millions of fans across the globe--Keegan Allen brings tremendous talent and energy to his first publishing project. Keegan tells a unique story with his photographs. On one hand, the book is a beautifully candid view into the glamour and timelessness of Hollywood, a mysterious yet wildly alluring place. On the other hand, it is a blissfully unassuming portrait of ordinary life- the unknown young woman gazing dreamily from the balcony of her hotel room, or the old woman who walks the same street every morning in her pink bathrobe, just to stop and talk to a passerby. Through his own stunning photography and captivating prose and poetry, life.love.beauty chronicles the author's life growing up just off the Sunset Strip, coming into his own as a young aspiring actor, looking for love and understanding, negotiating the seductions and disappointments of Hollywood, landing a plum role in a hit television series, encountering and embracing his fans, traveling the globe to promote his work, and striving to stay connected to his closest friends and loved ones" -- Provided by publisher.
Sick in the head : conversations about life and comedy
Marilyn Monroe : private and undisclosed
Voice acting for dummies
Keep moving : and other tips and truths about aging
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be
Let's just say it wasn't pretty
Truly, madly, famously : a famous in love novel
Notes of a Soviet actor = Zapiski sovetskogo aktera
Shockaholic
Yesterday, today, tomorrow : my life
Künstlerbürgertum : the social spheres of Berliner actors in the years 1815-1848
A comedic memoir by the actor best known for his portrayal of Dwight on The Office traces his experiences as a young misfit, his early career struggles and his post-success reconnection with the artistic and creative values of his Baha'i faith.
Being a stuntman
American titan : searching for John Wayne
How not to audition : avoiding the common mistakes most actors make
But enough about me
Spencer Tracy : a biography
Just take my heart : a novel
The great movie stars. 2, The international years
Good stuff : a reminiscence of my father, Cary Grant
Easily distracted
My first five husbands — and the ones who got away
The mask behind the mask : a life of Peter Sellers
Marry me at Christmas
Lauren Bacall by myself
Hollywood hunks and heroes
That's another story : the autobiography
Cuckoo
A seaside affair
The misadventures of awkward black girl
The Tao of Bill Murray : real-life stories of joy, enlightenment, and party crashing
Listen to me Marlon
Acting women : images of women in theatre
Mary Pickford : sweetheart of the world
Killing Monica
Unveiling illusion : How does the actor (and thus theatre) relate to illusion and its emergence?
Secrets of my Hollywood life on location : a novel
A star is born : : the moment an actress becomes an icon
The nature of expertise in professional acting : a cognitive view
Perfect image
China's greatest operatic male actor of female roles : documenting the life and art of Mei Lanfang, 1894-1961
Monty Python speaks : the complete oral history of Monty Python, as told by the founding members and a few of their many friends and collaborators
Actors anonymous : a novel
The confessions of Edward Day : a novel
Notes from my travels : visits with refugees in Africa, Cambodia, Pakistan and Ecuador
How to make love like a porn star : a cautionary tale
People love Bill Murray movies, but even more, they love crazy stories about Bill Murray out in the world. Bill reads poetry to construction workers. Bill joins in strangers' kickball games. Bill steals a golf cart in Stockholm. Bill follows the Roots - a hip hop band around. Bill pays a kid $5 to ride his bicycle into a swimming pool. The most popular Bill Murray story of all time (which he will neither confirm nor deny): on a crowded street, he puts his hands over a stranger's eyes from behind and says "Guess who?" When he lifts his hands to reveal his identity as Bill Murray, he tells the gobsmacked stranger, "No one will ever believe you." For No One Will Ever Believe You: The Tao of Bill Murray, bestselling author Gavin Edwards tracked down the best authentic Bill Murray stories. People savor these anecdotes; they consume them with a bottomless hunger; they routinely turn them into viral hits.
The true love quilting club
Falling in love again : romantic comedy in contemporary cinema
Sorry not sorry : dreams, mistakes, and growing up
"A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London"--
And furthermore
The ear of the heart : an actress' journey from Hollywood to holy vows
Someday, someday, maybe : a novel
The exorcist
The understudy
Somebody : the reckless life and remarkable career of Marlon Brando
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
Peter O'Toole : the definitive biography
World of Shakespeare : picture book
The runaway actress
Finding Colin Firth
Memoirs of a star
Heroes are my weakness : a novel
A portrait of an idiot as a young man : part memoir, part explanation as to why men are so rubbish
Marilyn : the passion and the paradox
Truths, half truths and little white lies
Born with teeth : a memoir
Friendly enemies : maximizing the director-actor relationship
Her again : becoming Meryl Streep
Life, love, beauty
Sabbath's theater
The redhead revealed
After she's gone
Bogie : the biography of Humphrey Bogart
Nicholson : a biography
The fade out
Drinking and dating : P.S. Social media is ruining romance
The Richard Burton diaries
eYE Marty : my life in words and pictures
