http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p532 parapsychology
parapsychology
Proceedings of the first international conference of parapsychological studies
Lectures on psychical research
Physicists in parapsychology : essays
Miracles : God, science, and psychology in the paranormal. Volume 3, Parapsychological perspectives
An introduction to parapsychology
Scams from the great beyond : how to make easy money off of ESP, astrology, UFOs, crop circles, cattle mutilations, alien abductions, Atlantis, channeling, and other New Age nonsense
Parapsychology : research on exceptional experiences
Illusion town
Handbook of tests in parapsychology
Telling tales of the unexpected : the organization of factual discourse
The pattern of health : a search for a greater understanding of the life force in health and disease
Investigating the supernatural : from spiritism and occultism to psychical research and metapsychics in France, 1853-1931
World spiritualism and the International Spiritualist Federation (Fédération spirite internationale)
The greater world
Parapsychology : a scientific approach
Journal of parapsychology
The personality of man : new facts and their significance
Light : a journal of psychical, occult, and mystical research
ES eternal sabbath. Vol. 8 : [Last breath]
Dancing with the uninvited guest
Bibliograpyhy of parapsychology
Occult review : a monthly magazine devoted to the investigation of supernormal phenomena and the study of psychological problems
Entangled minds : extrasensory experiences in a quantum reality
The field : the quest for the secret force of the universe
ES eternal sabbath. Vol. 2 : [Dangerous thoughts]
Possession, demoniacal and other, among primitive races, in antiquity, the Middle Ages, and modern times
Yours fraternally
The history of spiritualism. 2
Parapsychology, philosophy, and spirituality : a postmodern exploration
Tomorrow
The crisis in parapsychology : stagnation or progress?
The borderlands of science : where sense meets nonsense
Parapsychology : a concise history
"Spectres of the Self is a fascinating study of the rich cultures surrounding the experience of seeing ghosts in England from the Reformation to the twentieth century. Shane McCorristine examines a vast range of primary and secondary sources, showing how ghosts, apparitions, and hallucinations were imagined, experienced, and debated from the pages of fiction to the case reports of the Society for Psychical Research. By analysing a broad range of themes from telepathy and ghost-hunting to the notion of dreaming while awake and the question of why ghosts wore clothes, Dr McCorristine reveals the sheer variety of ideas of ghost seeing in English society and culture. He shows how the issue of ghosts remained dynamic despite the advance of science and secularism and argues that the ghost ultimately represented a spectre of the self, a symbol of the psychological hauntedness of modern experience"--
The men who stare at goats
ES eternal sabbath. Vol. 7 : [Death struggle]
Synchronity : an acausal connecting principle
The cure for dreaming
Encyclopedia of the unexplained : magic, occultism and parapsychology
Spiritual and mental healing
Haunted people : story of the poltergeist down the centuries
Mike Mignola's Hellboy and the B.P.R.D.. 1953
Everyone is right : a new look at comparative religion and its relation to science
ES eternal sabbath. Vol. 6 : [Life and death]
ES eternal sabbath. Vol. 1 : [Mind control]
Merely mortal? : can you survive your own death?
Wings of illusion : the origin, nature and future of paranormal belief
The international psychic gazette
Facts : the official organ of the Friendship Centre
The Healer's handbook : a journey into hyperspace
The mystical life : an outline of its nature and teachings from the evidence of direct experience
Red Cloud's journal : the magazine for those interested in spiritualism
Many lives, many masters : the true story of a prominent psychiatrist, his young patient and the past-life therapy that changed both of their lives
Parapsychology : frontier science of the mind : a survey of the field, the methods, and the facts of ESP and PK Research
Other lives, other selves : a Jungian psychotherapist discovers past lives
The spiritual brain : a neuroscientist's case for the existence of soul
ESP in life and lab : tracing hidden channels
Encyclopedia of the occult : a guide to every aspect of occult lore, belief, and practice
365 ways to develop your psychic ability : simple tools to increase your intuition and clairvoyance
Survival magazine : incorporating Immortality and Survival : Survival League
History and philosophy of science. 5, Frames of meaning : the social construction of extraordinary science
Light
Journeys out of the body
The phenomena of astral projection
The future of the body : explorations into the further evolution of human nature
Spectres of the self : thinking about ghosts and ghost-seeing in England, 1750-1920
Foundations of parapsychology : exploring the boundaries of human capability
Music, witchcraft and the paranormal
New Frontiers of the Mind
Proceedings of four conferences of parapsychological studies
The rescue
Telepathic impressions : a review and report of thirty-five new cases
Newsletter of the Parapsychology Foundation, Inc
Philosophy of science and the occult
The psychology of the psychic
The Real Sherlock Holmes : the mysterious methods and curious history of a true mental specialist
Science : good, bad and bogus
Pseudoscience and the paranormal : a critical examination of the evidence
The déjà vu enigma : a journey through the anomalies of mind, memory, and time
Superminds : an enquiry in the paranormal
#What Is A Near Death Experience?
Abstract.
Encyclopedia of paranormal powers : discover the secrets of mind readers and more
Hints on mediumistic development
Human personality and its survival of bodily death
The conscious universe : the scientific truth of psychic phenomena
New world of the mind
The heretics : adventures with the enemies of science
Magic in theory : an introduction to the theoretical and psychological elements of conjuring
Levitation : what it is - how it works - how to do it
Obituary, the "Hodgson report" on madame Blavatsky 1885-1960 : re-examination discredits the major charges against H. P. Blavatsky
Natural and supernatural : a history of the paranormal from earliest times to 1914
Hellboy & The B.p.r.d.: 1953
The survival of man : a study in unrecognised human faculty
Skeptical inquirer : Helsinki
How to use a ouija board : communication with the spirit world
Paranormal borderlands of science
ES eternal sabbath. Vol. 3 : [Only human]
Parapsychology : the controversial science
History and philosophy of science. 30, Science and ESP
Beyond the body : an investigation of out-of-the-body experiences
Sense and nonsense in psychology
The end of Borley Rectory : the most haunted house in England
Transactions of the fourth international congress for physical physical research : Athens 1930
International journal of parapsychology
A decade of research with a selected esp subject: an overview and reappraisal of the work with Pavel Stepanek
Keep out! : top secret places governments don't want you to know about : high-security facilities, underground bases, and other off-limits areas
Four experiments of telepathic group communication of emotions
Advances in parapsychological research. 8
Transmission : a meditation for the new age
The last immortal
ESP and parapsychology : a critical reevaluation
ES eternal sabbath. Vol. 4 : [Brothers in hate]
Science and the supernatural
The vital sense : the implications and explanation of the sixth sense
Parapsychology : the science of unusual experience
Science and supernature : a critical appraisal of parapsychology
The paranormal source book : the comprehensive guide to strange phenomena world wide
The third level of reality : a unified theory of the paranormal
Altered states of consciousness and PSI : an historical survey and research prospectus
ES eternal sabbath. Vol. 5 : [Mystery man]
Coincidences and paranormal belief
Psychic news : the spiritualist newspaper with th world's largest circulation
A glossary of terms used in parapsychology
Jung on synchronicity and the paranormal
Searchlight on psychical research
Principles and practice of radiesthesia : a textbook for practitioners and students
