http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5325 performers
performers
White Christmas
Dramaturgy and performance
Honey Brown is married
Operetta : a theatrical history
Attempting normal
Abstract.
Stage presence
The person behind the mask : a guide to performing arts psychology
The girl with the lower back tattoo
The competent public speaker
They fought the law : rock music goes to court
The art of asking : or how I learned to stop worrying and let people help
The king of style : dressing Michael Jackson
Glee : the concert movie
Alesha the acrobat fairy
Red Army blues
Theatrical performance during the Holocaust : texts, documents, memoirs
High kicks : the essential guide to working as a dancer
The ugly truth
The wow factor : how to create it, inspire it, & achieve it : a comprehensive guide for performers
Performance psychology in action : a casebook for working with athletes, performing artists, business leaders, and professionals in high-risk occupations
Theatre under Louis XIV : cross-casting and the performance of gender in drama, ballet and opera
The changing room : sex, drag and theatre
Secrets of performing confidence : for actors, musicians, performers, presenters and public speakers
The Python's autobiography
Nights at the circus
Television presenters are key to the sociability of the medium, speaking directly to viewers as intermediaries between audiences and those who are interviewed, perform or compete on screen. As targets of both great affection and derision from viewers and the subjects of radio, internet, magazine and newspaper coverage, many have careers that have lasted almost as long as post-war television itself. Nevertheless, as a profession, television presenting has received little scholarly attention. Personality Presenters explores the role of the television presenter, analysing the distinct skills possessed by different categories of host and the expectations and difficulties that exist with regard to the promotion of the various films, books, consumer and cultural products with which they are associated. The close involvement of presenters with the content that they present is examined, while the impact of the presenters' own celebrity on the tasks that they perform is scrutinised. With a focus on non-fiction entertainment shows such as game shows, lifestyle and reality shows, chat, daytime and talk shows, this book explores issues of consumer culture, advertising and celebrity, as well as the connection of presenters with ethical issues. Offering detailed case studies of internationally recognised presenters, as well comparisons between national presenters from the UK and Australia, Personality Presenters provides a rich discussion of television presenters as significant conduits in the movement of ideas.
Systematic review of the evidence of interoceptive awareness in performers
George Sprott 1894-1975 : A picture novella
Performing Americanness : race, class, and gender in modern African-American and Jewish-American literature
Physical expression and the performing artist : moving beyond the plateau
Performance anxiety : a workbook for actors, singers, dancers and anyone else who performs in public
Rin Tin Tin : the life and legend of the world's most famous dog
Performers' rights
Artist management for the music business
Television personalities : stardom and the small screen
Performance Success : performing your best under pressure
On the edge  : my story
"An exploration of the role of emotion and affect in contemporary documentary film, arguing that analysis of the sociality of the emotions is integral to advancing our understanding of the formulation of selfhood in documentary. Belinda Smaill also examines documentary's political function, looking at issues such as gender, ethnicity and class"--Provided by publisher.
The woman I was born to be
A very hungry girl : how I filled up on life ... and how you can, too!
Preparing for success : practical guide for young musicians
Graceland
The documentary : politics, emotion, culture
Taylor the talent show fairy
Stars : the film reader
Moulin Rouge
Leah the theatre fairy
The rock bible : unholy scripture for fans & bands
Grand piano
Ladies and gentlemen - Lenny Bruce!!
The body in performing identity : gender and ethnicity with the works of Vito Acconci and Eleanor Antin from the 1960's-1990's
Isla the ice star fairy
Performance Psychology : Perception, Action, Cognition, and Emotion
Mother Camp : female impersonators in America
The life of Rylan
The last "darky" : Bert Williams, black-on-black minstrelsy and the African diaspora
Darcey the dance diva fairy
Piano performance in a semiotic key : society, musical canon and novel discourses
How to audition for the musical theatre : a step-by-step guide to effective preparation
Take a chance
Performer-audience interaction in stand-up comedy : breaches and reintegration as active orientation to the institutional context
Mark Spark in the Dark & Jimmy Jelly
Drag queens at the 801 Cabaret
Starting your career as a dancer
Personality presenters : television's intermediaries with viewers
Music event management & promotion
The persistence of sentiment : display and feeling in popular music of the 1970s
Re-framing the theatrical : interdisciplinary landscapes for performance
Renaissance drama by women : texts and documents
Leila J. Rupp and Verta Taylor take us on an entertaining tour through one of America's most overlooked subcultures: the world of the drag queen. They offer a penetrating glimpse into the lives of the 801 Girls, the troupe of queens who perform nightly at the 801 Cabaret for tourists and locals.
Blues guitar legends : in the styles of Lightnin' Hopkins, Blind Blake, Mississippi John Hurt, Blind Boy Fuller and Big Bill Broonzy
Charlotte Crosby has been one of the UK's best-loved TV stars since she burst onto the celeb scene in 2011 with Geordie Shore. Laugh-out-loud hilarious, genuine, and a proper Geordie, Charlotte's popularity has even seen her crowned winner of 2013's Celebrity Big Brother. With her trademark humour and warmth, in ME ME ME Charlotte takes us on a very unique journey through her eventful teenage years (where literally nothing is off limits!), her attempts at holding down jobs (and booze), the life-changing experience of Geordie Shore, the truth about Gaz and his parsnip, and her inspiring weight-loss triumph. Full of drawings, doodles, and Charlotte's personal photos, this will be unlike any other celebrity autobiography on the market. Extremely personal, insanely honest and pant-wettingly funny.
Great performers
Madison the magic show fairy
The natural musician : on abilities, giftedness and talent
Understanding the classical music profession : the past, the present and strategies for the future
The gigging musician : how to get, play and keep the gig
Perform or else : from discipline to performance
Amelia the singing fairy
Mark Spark in the dark ; Jimmy Jelly
Eurovision song contest Helsinki 2007 : official program
"Through his music, dance, and fashion, Michael Jackson created a mystique that was unique to him and recognized as such throughout the world. For five decades he mesmerized audiences--and for twenty-five of those years Michael Bush was there as Jackson's designer, stylist, and friend, accompanying the King of Pop on his journey to becoming the King of Style. While paying homage to the original Billie Jean, Beat It, and Thriller looks that put Jackson on the fashion map, The King of Style also traces their evolution over several decades. Jackson's penchant for the military silhouette is explored in detail, along with the trade secrets behind the sequined glove and the fencing uniform that he, Michael Bush, and Dennis Tompkins reinvented to make stage magic. It was Bush who dressed Jackson for the final time, before he was buried. Dozens of garments were left unfinished by his shocking death. The legacy of Michael Jackson lives on. An artist like none other, he transformed everything he touched--from the fabric of his clothes to his legions of fans around the world"--Publisher's web site.
Creativity, incentive, and reward : an economic analysis of copyright and culture in the information age
Secrets of performing confidence : for musicians, singers, actors and dancers
Stand-up comedy in theory, or, Abjection in America
