http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p533 superstition
superstition
The tragic story of witchcraft in America, from the infamous Salem witch trials to the present day - now told in full for the first time.
The taxidermist's daughter
The 7 laws of magical thinking : how irrational beliefs keep us happy, healthy, and sane
The last witch of Langenburg : murder in a German village
The magical universe : everyday ritual and magic in pre-modern Europe
Science and justice : the Massachusetts witchcraft trials
1361. Porlock Weir, Exmoor. Thirteen years after the Great Pestilence, plague strikes England for the second time. Sara, a packhorse man's wife, remembers the horror all too well and fears for safety of her children. Only a dark-haired stranger offers help, but at a price that no one will pay... A human life.
Contemporary paganism : listening people, speaking earth
America bewitched : the story of witchcraft after Salem
The story of Boy, the canine companion of King Charles I's nephew, Prince Rupert, whose fame as a dog-witch was one of the stranger consequences of the English Civil War.
Wolf winter
The crimson ribbon
Witch hunt : the persecution of witches in England
The complete book of aquarian magic : a practical guide to the magical arts
Man and his superstitions
Red prophet
Dictionary of faiths and folklore : beliefs, superstitions and popular customs
Believing in magic : the psychology of superstition
Witchcraft : a very short introduction
Early modern Finland is rarely the focus of attention in the study of European history, but it has a place in the context of northern European religious and political culture. While Finland was theoretically Lutheran, a religious plurality embodied in ceremonies and interpreted as magic survived and flourished. Blessing candles, pilgrimages, and offerings to forest spirits merged with catechism hearings and sermon preaching among the lay piety. What were the circumstances that allowed for such a continuity of magic? How were the manifestations and experiences that defined faith and magic tied together? How did western and eastern religious influences manifest themselves in Finnish magic? Faith and Magic in Early Modern Finland shows us how peripheral Finland can shed light on the wider context of European magic and religion.
Fearful spirits, reasoned follies : the boundaries of superstition in late medieval Europe
The nature of mystical experiences
Between the devil and the host : imagining witchcraft in early modern Poland
Enchanted Europe : superstition, reason, and religion 1250-1750
Is eastern orthodoxy Christian?
The ghost riders of Ordebec
Chinese beliefs and superstitions
The supernatural in Slavic and Baltic literature : essays in honor of Viktor Terras
The 7 laws of magical thinking : how irrationality makes us happy, healthy, and sane
The black legend of Prince Rupert's dog
The devil and commodity fetishism in South America
Cunning-folk : popular magic in English history
"Magic in the Ancient Greek World is an introduction to the practice of magic during the classical period. This book develops a framework for understanding the role of magic in Greek life." "Thematically organized around detailed case studies of individual types of magic, this volume examines the use of spells, drugs, binding curses, figurines, and the specialists who offered them. Collins reveals how each of these magical practices worked and the cultural structures that allowed them to occur."--BOOK JACKET.
Exploring one of Europe's last witch panics, historian Thomas Robisheaux brings to life the story of an entire world caught between superstition and modernity in a high-stakes drama that led to charges of sorcery and witchcraft against an entire family.
The selected works of Andrew Lang. Volume 1, Anthropology : fairy tale, folklore, the origins of religion, psychical research
From the days of the earliest Paleolithic cave rituals, magic has gripped the imagination. Magic and magicians appear in early Babylonian texts, the Bible, Judaism, and Islam. Secret words, spells, and incantations lie at the heart of nearly every mythological tradition. But for every genuine magus there is an impostor. During the Middle Ages, religion, science, and magic were difficult to set apart. The Middle Ages also saw the pursuit of alchemy which led to a fascination with the occult, Freemasonry, and Rosicrucianism. The turn of the twentieth century witnessed a return to earlier magical traditions, and today, magic means many things: contemporary Wicca is practiced widely as a modern pagan religion in Europe and the US; “magic” also stretches to include the nonspiritual, rapid-fire sleight of hand performed by slick stage magicians who fill vast arenas. This book is packed with authoritative text and a huge and inspired selection of images, some chosen from unusual sources, including some of the best-known representations of magic and the occult from around the world spanning ancient to modern times.
Folkways : reclaiming the magic and wisdom
The origins of popular superstitions and customs
Religion in context : cults and charisma
Curse tablets and binding spells from the ancient world
Magical beliefs and superstitions
Dark fairies
The psychic tourist : a voyage into the curious world of predicting the future
The owl killers
Various thoughts on the occasion of a comet
The nordic dead-child tradition : Nordic dead-child beings : A study in comparative religion
Servants of Satan and masters of demons : the Spanish Inquisition's trials of superstition, Valencia and Barcelona, 1478-1700
Embracing the dark : the magic order of Dragon Rouge : its practice in dark magic and meaning making
A dictionary of omens and superstitions
The sewer demon
The summer that melted everything
Reality versus fiction
Witches, werewolves, and fairies : shapeshifters and astral doublers in the Middle Ages
Omens and superstitions of southern India
Black cats & evil eyes : a book of old-fashioned superstitions
Witchcraft in France and Switzerland : the borderlands during the Reformation
A dictionary of English folklore
Religion and science as forms of life : anthropological insights into reason and unreason
The unorthodox imagination in late medieval Britain
Encyclopædia of superstitions
The Victorian supernatural
The story of the beliefs and practices called 'magic' starts in ancient Iran, Greece, and Rome, before entering its crucial Christian phase in the Middle Ages. Centering on the Renaissance and Marsilio Ficino - whose work on magic was the most influential account written in pre-modern times - this groundbreaking book treats magic as a classical tradition with foundations that were distinctly philosophical. Besides Ficino, the pre-modern story of magic also features Plotinus, Iamblichus, Proclus, Aquinas, Agrippa, Pomponazzi, Porta, Bruno, Campanella, Descartes, Boyle, Leibniz, and Newton, to name only a few of the prominent thinkers discussed. Because pictures play a key role in the story of magic, the book is richly illustrated.
The evil eye : studies in the folklore of vision
Anglo-Saxon prognostics, 900-1100 : study and texts
The sorcerer's tale : faith and fraud in Tudor England
Superstitious regimes : religion and the politics of Chinese modernity
"Pulitzer Prize winner Stacy Schiff, author of the #1 bestseller Cleopatra, provides an electrifying, fresh view of the Salem witch trials... Along with suffrage and Prohibition, the Salem witch trials represent one of the few moments when women played the central role in American history. Drawing masterfully on the archives, Stacy Schiff introduces us to the strains on a Puritan adolescent's life and to the authorities whose delicate agendas were at risk. She illuminates the demands of a rigorous faith, the vulnerability of settlements adrift from the mother country, perched -- at a politically tumultuous time -- on the edge of what a visitor termed a 'remote, rocky, barren, bushy, wild-woody wilderness.' With devastating clarity, the textures and tensions of a colonial life emerge; hidden patterns subtly, startlingly detach themselves from the darkness. Schiff brings early American anxieties to the fore to align them brilliantly with our own. In an era of religious provocations, crowdsourcing, and invisible enemies, this enthralling story makes more sense than ever. The Witches is Schiff's riveting account of a seminal episode, a primal American mystery unveiled -- in crackling detail and lyrical prose -- by one of our most acclaimed historians"
Faith and magic in early modern Finland
The encyclopedia of the unexplained : curious phenomena, strange supertitions and ancient mysteries
Folklore in America : tales, songs, superstitions, proverbs, riddles, games, folk drama and folk festivals
Cassell's dictionary of superstitions
The Falcons of fire and ice
The religion of fools? : superstition past and present
A dictionary of superstitions
Godly fear : the Epistle to the Hebrews and Greco-Roman critiques of superstition
MAGIC SYMBOLS OF THE WORLD
Magic in Western culture : from antiquity to the enlightenment
Babylonian magic and sorcery
Witchcraft in America
For the first time in English, Michael Ostling tells the story of the imagined Polish witches, showing how ordinary peasant-women got caught in webs of suspicion and accusation, finally confessing under torture to the most heinous of crimes.
Paranormal, superstitious, magical, and religious beliefs
Extraordinary popular delusions and the madness of crowds
History and the supernatural in medieval England
"Psychologists have documented a litany of cognitive biases--misperceptions of the world--and explained their positive functions. Now, Matthew Hutson shows us that even the most hard-core skeptic indulges in magical thinking all the time--and it's crucial to our survival. Drawing on evolution, cognitive science, and neuroscience, Hutson shows us that magical thinking has been so useful to us that it's hardwired into our brains. It encourages us to think that we actually have free will. It helps make us believe that we have an underlying purpose in the world. It can even protect us from the paralyzing awareness of our own mortality. In other words, magical thinking is a completely irrational way of making our lives make rational sense. With wonderfully entertaining stories, personal reflections, and sharp observations, Hutson reveals our deepest fears and longings"--
Occult, witchcraft and magic : an illustrated history
Defining magic : a reader
The hand of destiny : everyday folklore and superstitions
Enemies of God : the witch-hunt in Scotland
Dead-child beings in the Finish tradition
Witches : a tale of sorcery, scandal and seduction
Superstitions
Occult science in India and among the ancients : with an account of their mystic initiations and the history of spiritism
In the ancient Graeco-Roman world, it was a common practice to curse an enemy or rival by writing an incantation on a tablet and dedicating it to a god or spirit. More than a thousand such texts, written between the fifth century BC and the fifth century AD, have been discovered in places ranging from North Africa to England, and from Syria to Spain. Until now, however, there has been no English translation of these tablets and indeed the texts themselves have remained virtually unknown. This volume makes these fascinating texts available for the first time. A substantial introduction supplies the full cultural, social, and historical context for the texts. The selected translations, arranged thematically, are fully annotated and accompanied by extensive commentary. Reflecting a wide range of social occasions, including lawsuits, love affairs, business competition, and horse-races, the tablets open a window into the hearts and minds of ordinary people, shedding light on a dimension of classical society in which historians today are increasingly interested.
Time to be rational : Darwin, demons, and sex
The raven's head
Mysteries and secrets of magic
The teen spell book : magick for young witches
The gallows curse
The witches : Salem, 1692 : a history
Zhonghua wu fu jixiang tu dian. Cai = Designs of Chinese blessings. Wealth
'The Unorthodox Imagination in Late Medieval Britain' explores how medieval people responded to images, stories, beliefs and practices which were at odds with the normative world view, from the heretical and subversive to the marvellous and exotic.
Secrets of voodoo
Magic in the ancient Greek world
The undiscovered country : journeys among the dead
Magic and magicians in the Greco-Roman world
The Supersti+Tech project : a reinterpretation of superstition through new media
Ratio et superstitio : essays in honor of Graziella Federici Vescovini : il presente volume è l'esito di una Ricerca a latere del Programma di Ricerca del Cofin 2001/2003 su 'La relazione corpo-anima, sensi interni-intelletto dal secolo XIV ai post-cartesiani e spinoziani' tra l'Università di Napoli, l'Università di Firenze e l'Università di Perugia
The occult, witchcraft & magic : an illustrated history
The Element illustrated encyclopedia of mind, body, spirit & earth
Zhonghua wu fu jixiang tu dian. Lu = Designs of Chinese blessings . High salary
Five-fold happiness : chinese concepts of luck, prosperity, longevity, happiness, and wealth
Oswald de Lacy is growing up fast in his new position as Lord of Somershill Manor. The Black Death changed many things, and just as it took away his father and elder brothers, leaving Oswald to be recalled from the monastery where he expected to spend his life, so it has taken many of his villagers and servants. However, there is still the same amount of work to be done in the farms and fields, and the few people left to do it think they should be paid more -- something the King himself has forbidden. Just as anger begins to spread, the story of the Butcher Bird takes flight. People claim to have witnessed a huge creature in the skies. A new-born baby is found impaled on a thorn bush. And then more children disappear. Convinced the bird is just a superstitious rumour, Oswald must discover what is really happening. From the plague-ruined villages of Kent to the thief-infested streets of London and the luxurious bedchamber of a bewitching lady, Oswald's journey is full of danger, dark intrigue and shocking revelations.
The Plague Charmer
Speaking the sacred : rodnoverie ritual as a religious language
Zhonghua wu fu ji xiang tu dian shu = Designs of Chinese blessings longevity
Greek and Roman necromancy
The Evil eye : a casebook
The sparrow sisters
Witchcraft : the history and mythology
The place of enchantment : British occultism and the culture of the modern
Neuro-cognitive factors contributing to paranormal beliefs : core knowledge violations, cognitive inhibition, and the social brain
Apocalypse and paradigm : science and everyday thinking
The good people
The Gallows curse
World of witches & wizards
Black cats and April fools
"In this fully updated edition of Believing in Magic, renowned superstition expert Stuart Vyse investigates our tendency towards these irrational beliefs"--
"While we live in a technologically and scientifically advanced age, superstition is as widespread as ever. Not limited to just athletes and actors, superstitious beliefs are common among people of all occupations, educational backgrounds, and income levels. In this fully updated edition of Believing in Magic, renowned superstition expert Stuart Vyse investigates our tendency towards these irrational beliefs. Superstitions, he writes, are the natural result of several psychological processes, including our human sensitivity to coincidence, a penchant for developing rituals to fill time (to battle nerves, impatience, or both), our efforts to cope with uncertainty, the need for control, and more. In a new Introduction, Vyse discusses important developments and the latest research on jinxes, paranormal beliefs, and luck. He also distinguishes superstition from paranormal and religious beliefs and identifies the potential benefits of superstition for believers. He examines the research to demonstrate how we can better understand complex human behavior. Although superstition is a normal part of our culture, Vyse argues that we must provide alternative methods of coping with life's uncertainties by teaching decision analysis, promoting science education, and challenging ourselves to critically evaluate the sources of our beliefs."--
Psyche's task : a discourse concerning the influence of superstition on the growth of institutions
The Magick of Folk Wisdom : a source book from the ages
Witchcraft and folk belief in the age of enlightenment : Scotland 1670-1740
Superstition and the press
Religion and superstition in Latin literature
Folklore from Kansas : customs, beliefs, and superstitions
Islamic talismanic tradition in nineteenth-century Asante
Do we believe in things that we don't understand? : disicplinary comparisons of superstisions involving different phenomena
The rescue of the innocents : endangered children in medieval miracles
Miracles and the pulp press during the English Revolution : the battle of the frogs and Fairford's flies
The prophecy of bees
A pictorial history of magic and the supernatural
Contemporary rodnoverie : invention of tradition or reclaiming the tradition? : a religion of "one's" own
Encyclopedia of signs, omens, and superstitions
Vampire forensics : Uncovering the origins of an enduring legend
The Butcher Bird
In classical antiquity, there was much interest in necromancy - the consultation of the dead for divination. People could seek knowledge from the dead by sleeping on tombs, visiting oracles, and attempting to reanimate corpses and skulls. Ranging over many of the lands in which Greek and Roman civilizations flourished, including Egypt, from the Greek archaic period through the late Roman empire, this book is the first comprehensive survey of the subject ever published in any language.
Zolar's encyclopedia of omens, signs & superstit
A history of magic
