http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5332 women's studies
women's studies
Gendering citizenship in Western Europe : new challenges for citizenship research in a cross-national context
Funding and private resources for women and gender studies
Body work : the social construction of women's body image
Women's world
Women's movements : networks and debates in post-communist countries in the 19th and 20th centuries
Gender (in)equality and gender politics in Southeastern Europe : a question of justice
All around the world, women's important role in history has only recently been acknowledged. Asia is no exception. Despite a long record of achievements, women's experiences in South, Southeast, and East Asia go largely untold. This compelling book looks at women's lives in contemporary Asia, and reviews the cultural similarities —and differences —in the patterns and experiences of women across various regions. Women's Roles in Asia examines the full scope of women's lives throughout history, including specific topics such as education, family life, marriage and childbearing, religion, politics, economics, work, and literature and the arts. A timeline and introduction provide a backdrop to the events, achievements, and issues that have impacted Asian women from pre-colonial time to the present day.
Reflections on research practices in qualitative research
From sex objects to sexual subjects
Referring to women
Behind the silence : Chinese voices on abortion
Luce Irigaray's philosophy of feminine being : body, desire and wisdom
Mary Wollstonecraft's social and aesthetic philosophy : "an Eve to please me"
Framed : lesbians, feminists and media culture
Exiles and communities : teaching in the patriarchal wilderness
Bahithat : kitab mutakhassis : al-Nisa' fi al-khitab al-'arabi al-mu'asir [ = Women in contemporary arab discourse]. al-Kitab 9(2003/2004)[= Volume IX 2003-2004]
Women in the biblical world : a survey of Old and New Testament perspectives
An introduction to women's studies : gender in a transnational world
Work on women : a guide to the literature
Hélène Cixous : writing and sexual difference
Television antiheroines : women behaving badly in crime and prison drama
Women's studies and research on women in the Nordic countries 1994-95
No more separate spheres! : a next wave American studies reader
Feminist economics
Shashi Deshpande's fiction : a study in women empowerment and postcolonial discourse
Women's studies and research on women in the Nordic countries
Our feet walk the sky : women of the South Asian diaspora
The making of European women's studies. Volume 8
Feminisms and pedagogies of everyday life
Transformation now! : toward a post-oppositional politics of change
In the past three decades, feminist scholars have produced an extraordinary rich body of theoretical writing in humanities and social science disciplines. This revised and updated second edition of Theorizing Feminism: Parallel Trends in the Humanities and Social Sciences, is a genuinely interdisciplinary anthology of significant contributions to feminist theory.This timely reader is creatively edited, and contains insightful introductory material. It illuminates the historical development of feminist theory as well as the current state of the field. Emphasizing common themes and interests in the humanities and social sciences, the editors have chosen topics that remain relevant to current debates, reflect the interests of a diverse community of thinkers, and have been central to feminist theory in many disciplines.The contributors include leading figures from the fields of psychology, literary criticism, sociology, philosophy, anthropology, art history, law, and economics. This is the ideal text for any advanced course on interdisciplinary feminist theory, one that fills a long-standing gap in feminist pedagogy.
Challenges for women : women's studies in Korea
Thoroughly revised throughout, the second edition benefits from the addition of nine new concepts including Gender Social Movements, Intersectionality and Mainstreaming. Each of the entries: begins with a concise definition outlines the history of each term and the debates surrounding it includes illustrations of how the concept has been applied within the field offers examples which allow a critical re-evaluation of the concept is cross-referenced with the other key concepts ends with guidance on further reading.
The psychology of women : a psychoanalytic interpretation. Vol. 1
Rewriting academia : the development of the Anglicist women's and gender studies of continental Europe
Key concepts in gender studies
From in-betweenness to nothingness : intersections of race, class and gender in Jean Rhys's Wide Sargasso Sea
Reading Desperate housewives : beyond the white picket fence
This dissertation is an interdisciplinary study within a comparative Nordic-Germanic framework that proposes new approaches to reading representations of gender in European literary modernism and philosophy via the works of Finland-Swedish poet Edith Södergran and Friedrich Nietzsche. I posit that Södergran's avant-garde poetry presents feminine, masculine, and androgynous narrators that subvert the function of misogyny in Nietzsche's philosophy, which she had fervently read and incorporated into her writing. Surely, Södergran must have faced obstacles as she confronted Nietzsche's ostensible ad feminam; however, her progressive poetry, I contend, illustrates how Nietzsche's own discourse is constructed by androgynous rhetoric that exhibits paradoxically helpful appropriations of the female body. I therefore suggest that Södergran's reception of Nietzsche ushers in a transvaluation of the "modernist body" that overcomes the cultural body of Man and Woman as she opens up philosophical discourse with the feminine other in Nietzsche's otherwise phallocentric discourse. Using a shared framework of post-structural feminist theory, narratology, and poetry criticism, this dissertation attempts to overturn long-standing interpretations of Nietzsche's philosophy and to revise Södergran's mythologized biography and traditional analyses of her poetry. In chapter one, I attempt to separate Edith Södergran from her romanticized biography and refigure the female writing subject in history in a way that de-emphasizes her glorified, personal afflictions and instead elucidates Södergran's creative efforts to redefine gender. In chapter two, I posit that Södergran's lyrical narrator is not an exclusively female subject but a speaker that is multiple: Södergran's narrators are voiced by female, male, and androgynous bodies; which leads to a type of transgendered experience of narration. Chapter three focuses on Nietzsche's representations of women that I suggest influenced Södergran's writing. I attempt to show that Nietzsche's misogyny is actually a latent discussion of the cultural body that has been constructed and maintained by Western caricatures of femininity and masculinity. In chapter four, I examine the paradoxical representations of women in Also Sprach Zarathustra [Thus Spoke Zarathustra]. I look at what Zarathustra's hyper-masculine rhetoric can mean to a female reader who may be seeking ways to demystify essentialist constructions of sexual difference, and I explore the implications that Zarathustra's prophecy of the Übermensch--an advanced, idealistic human being--has for the human body. In the final chapter, I look at the narratological techniques that Södergran and Nietzsche employ in their poetry. Through a combined narratological and feminist approach, I suggest that Södergran and Nietzsche meticulously construct disruptive archetypes of the cultural body via multi-gendered narrative voices. I argue that Nietzsche and Södergran transcend normative narrative devices and introduce unprecedented post-gendered bodies and voices into the European modernist tradition. Their particular depictions of the post-gendered body thus resonate with contemporary theories and philosophical discussions of sex and gender.
Because of Beauvoir : Christianity and the cultivation of female genius
Deadlier than the male : violence and aggression in women
The feminist papers : from Adams to de Beauvoir
Writing women's history
The IVP womenś Bible commentary
Unspeakable things : sex, lies and revolution
Visual and other pleasures
This collection blends theoretical writing with techniques of fiction, autobiography, poetry and artwork. Encompassing high and popular culture, it addresses the questions: how are women represented and how do women represent themselves? The authors look at a range of media from paintings and family photography, through opera, film and TV, to novels and poetry. The traditional boundaries between the "creative" and the "critical" are challenged through a new combination of artistic, poetic and critical voices. The first section deals with "The Politics of Spectatorship", with essays on Frida Kahlo, the Impressionists, Surrealism and family snapshots. The second section, entitled "Politics/production/performance" looks at the popular film, "Thelma and Louise", natural history programmes and opera. The last section argues for feminist interventions at all levels of cultural production.
Gender and women's interests in collective bargaining : paper presented at The Fourth International Interdisciplinary Congress on Women, New York, Hunter college, City University of New York, June 3-7, 1990
Game face : what does a female athlete look like?
Organising feminisms : the micropolitics of the academy
Colonial strangers : women writing the end of the British empire
Women : images and realities : a multicultural anthology
Women's studies quarterly
All the single ladies : unmarried women and the rise of an independent nation
The auto/biographical I : the theory and practice of feminist auto/biography
Signs : journal of women in culture and society
Gender research on urbanization, planning, housing and everyday life : GRUPHEL, phase one
Challenging the orientalist reading of Mary Wortley Montagu's Turkish letters with feminist approaches
The making of European women's studies. Vol. 7
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
Under the sign of hope : feminist methodology and narrative interpretation
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
Building women's studies collections : a resource guide
Islam, islamisation and women in Africa : a general introductory bibliography = Islam et islamisation des femmes en Afrique : bibliographie générale préliminaire
Looks at aspects of violence and aggression in women. This complex area of female behaviour is now a major and controversial area of debate. Based on research in the UK and US, this book features a number of case studies - examining the anger, violence, hostility and hatred expressed by women.
In Disruptive Voices, Michelle Fine charts the beginnings of a creative solution to the emerging and hotly contested issues to feminist scholarship and feminist philosophy of science. Moving beyond the feminist critique of traditional scientific method and epistemology, Fine identities new research methods that, while still empirical, have the potential to disrupt and transform conventional practices. In drawing these alternative methodologies from the actual experiences of women's lives, Fine imagines "what could be" for girls and women across lines of race, class, sexuality, and disability.
Gender, environment and development : a guide to the literature
Sappho in early modern England : female same-sex literary erotics, 1550-1714
This text reveals the diversities which continue to shape women's beliefs and experiences. It includes debates on women and nationalisms, women and social policy, sexuality, black studies and ethnic studies, women and education, women and cultural production and women's studies and gender studies.
Feminist thought : a more comprehensive introduction
Female desires : how they are sought, bought and packaged
Feminist periodicals 1855-1984 : an annotated critical bibliography of British, Irish, Commonwealth and international titles
Feminist geography in practice : research and methods
Gender questions and current challenges for Luther and Reformation studies
Without a word : teaching beyond women's silence
The Greenwood encyclopedia of women's issues worldwide : Central and South America. Central and South America
Women's studies : a recommended core bibliography. 1980-1985
Disputes the widespread stereotypes about Muslim women prevalent in the West, providing an account of young women in contemporary Iran. This book presents the experiences of these young women who wield a key if indirect political influence on the seemingly male dominated politics of this society, as they achieve a fresh visibility.
Prostitution as a social issue : the experiences of Russian women prostitutes in the Barents Region
Infinite variety : women in society and literature
The Development of the Peace and Peace education concepts through three UN Women Decade Conferences
The equality illusion : the truth about women and men today
Feminist research practice : a primer
Feminism, as a movement for social change, has always recognized the significance of language in both theory and practice. In the new feminist scholarship of the past two decades, theories about language have played an important part in attempts to understand and transform women's lives. Feminism and Linguistic Theory is a critical but comprehensive and accessbile introduction to recent work in this area. It ranges over a wide and varied field; not only does it review work in linguistics and other mainstream disciplines, but the alternative currents of radical feminist, Lacanian and postmodernist linguistic thought are given detailed consideration.
Mysticism and gender = Mística y género = Mystik und Geschlecht
Tiedenaisia = Vetenskapskvinnor = Women of learning
Women's roles in Asia
Feminism-art-theory : anthology 1968 - 2014
Educating feminists : life histories and pedagogy
Introducing the women's Hebrew Bible
Rethinking change : current Swedish feminist research
Sucking salt : Caribbean women writers, migration, and survival
Writing women's history : international perspectives
Language and gender
An introduction to sociology : feminist perspectives
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Possible subversions : the narrative construction of identity in Agnes Smedley's Daughter of Earth
The effects of feminist approaches on research methodologies
2015 marks the five-hundredth anniversary of the Spanish mystic St. Teresa of Avila. This volume of the Journal of ESWTR is therefore dedicated to the issue of mysticism and gender. The mystical experience is a radical confrontation with oneself, where one recognizes one's boundaries and is at the same time called to transgress them; it is a mystical transformation of the self that then will be able to transform unjust structures. Can mysticism today still unfold these capacities of transformation of self and societies, given the problems we are faced with? Using gender as a category of analysis, and adopting a gender-sensitive stand, the articles in this volume explore questions such as: How do issues of gender shape the relationship between mysticism and power? How have women mystics contributed to the field of mysticism? How can mysticism unfold a transformative power, both for individuals and societies? In short, what do we mean by mysticism today?
This is a collectively written, inter-disciplinary, thematic cross-national study which combines conceptual, theoretical, empirical and policy material in an ambitious and innovative way to explore a key concept in contemporary European political, policy and academic debates. The first part of the book clarifies the various ways that the concept of citizenship has developed historically and is understood today in a range of Western European welfare states. It elaborates on the contemporary framing of debates and struggles around citizenship. This provides a framework for three policy studies, looking at: migration and multiculturalism; the care of young children; and home-based childcare and transnational dynamics. The book is unusual in weaving together the topics of migration and childcare and in studying these issues together within a gendered citizenship framework. It also demonstrates the value of a multi-level conceptualisation of citizenship, stretching from the domestic sphere through the national and European levels to the global. The book is aimed at students of social policy, sociology, European studies, women's studies and politics and at researchers/scholars/policy analysts in the areas of: citizenship; gender; welfare states; and, migration.
"Language and Gender is an introduction to the study of the relation between gender and language use, written by two leading experts in the field. This new edition, thoroughly updated and restructured, brings out more strongly an emphasis on practice and change, while retaining the broad scope of its predecessor and its accessible introductions which explain the key concepts in a non-technical way. The authors integrate issues of sexuality more thoroughly into the discussion, exploring more diverse gendered and sexual identities and practices. The core emphasis is on change, both in linguistic resources and their use and in gender and sexual ideologies and personae. This book explores how change often involves conflict and competing norms, both social and linguistic. Drawing on their own extensive research, as well as other key literature, the authors argue that the connections between language and gender are deep yet fluid, and arise in social practice"--
To be a woman : the birth of the conscious feminine
Machina ex dea : feminist perspectives on technology
Battered wives : why are they beaten and why do they stay?
Crossing to Avalon : a woman's midlife pilgrimage
The Greenwood encyclopedia of women's issues worldwide : The Middle East and North Africa. The Middle East and North Africa
The women's review of books
About the self and the time : on the autobiographical texts by É. Gerštejn, T. Petkevič, E. Bonnèr, M. Pliseckaja and M. Arbatova
Becoming visible in Iran : women in contemporary Iranian society
Recovering nineteenth-century women interpreters of the Bible
Women & therapy : a feminist quarterly
Feminist methodologies for critical researchers : bridging differences
Shifting the blame : how victimization became a criminal defence
Feminist methodology : gender theory, feminist epistemology, sex and gender, cross-cultural feminist ethics, politics of gender, ethnography of gender
Getting the word out : communicating feminist research = La diffusion de la recherche féministe au Canada : enjeux et perspectives
Lying bodies : survival and subversion in the field of vision
From girl to woman : American women's coming-of-age narratives
Women's writing online
Center for kvinde- og kønsforskning, KUA 1994-1996
Feminist criticism and social change : sex, class and race in literature and culture
Gender myths and feminist fables : the struggle for interpretive power in gender and development
Papers from women's studies and research policy workshops no 23, 24 and 25
Women's studies encyclopedia. 2, Literature, arts, and learning
Nord og nedenfra : bidrag fra "Tromsøforskere" til Women's Worlds 99 = Nord og nedenfra : papers by Tromsø academics for Women's Worlds 99
Sources on the history of women's magazines, 1792-1960 : an annotated bibliography
Theoretical perspectives on gender and development
Teaching gender studies in Hungary ; edited by Andrea Pető = A társadalmi nemek oktatása Magyarországon
Women and jewelry : a social approach to wearing and possessing jewelry
The dictionary of feminist theory
Reflections on 25 years
Common passion, different voices : reflections on citizenship and intersubjectivity
Solveigs corner
Disruptive voices : the possibilities of feminist research
Composing  a life
Gender planning methodology : three papers on incorporating the gender approach in development cooperation programmes
Feminism and linguistic theory
Home economics and feminism
Wise women : reflections of teachers at midlife
Womanly wiles : an analysis of women's power in four novels by Jane Austen
Caribbean journeys : intersections of female identity in the novels of Michelle Cliff
Canadian woman studies : an introductory reader
NORA : Nordic journal of women's studies
New frontiers in women's studies : knowledge, identity and nationalism
Thinking differently : a reader in European women's studies
This collection of essays challenges conceptions of "high" modernism, its preoccupation with style at the expense of issues such as race, class and gender, and its exclusive focus both on predominately male writers, poetry and prose fiction by highlighting the diversity of cultural production in the modernist period. This book focusses specifically on women's cultural production, covering a wide range of arts and genres including chapters on painting, theatre, and magazines. The book investigates how women usually constructed as "others", themselves construct others in their work in a period prominently concerned with the construction of self as an issue. This diversity offers a new format of reading modernism in a cross-disciplinary context.
Theory in its feminist travels : conversation in U.S. women's movement
Czech feminisms : perspectives on gender in East Central Europe
Historical nightmares and imaginative violence in American women's writings
A leisure of one's own : a feminist perspective on women's leisure
Bodily interventions
Women's studies : thinking women
Women embracing Islam : gender and conversion in the West
The Greenwood encyclopedia of women's issues worldwide : Sub-Saharan Africa. Sub-Saharan Africa
Gender, images, and global contexts : programme and abstracts
Women & activism : Women Writers Conference, Harare, 29-30 July 1999
Enlightenment and romance : gender and agency in Smollett and Scott
The rhetoric of personal positions in women's studies
Re-embodied : young women, the body quest and agency in the culture of appearances
Negotiating home and hybridity : survival and unhomeliness in Eden Robinson's Monkey Beach and Miriam Toews's A Complicated Kindness
From Sex Objects to Sexual Subjects traces some of the ruptures and continuities between the eighteenth-century masculinist formulations of subjectivity elaborated by Rousseau, Diderot and Kant and the contemporary postmodern and feminist critiques of the universal subject--meaning the self viewed as an abstract individual who exercises an impartial and rational (political) judgment that is idential to other similarly defined individuals--developed by Luce Irigaray, Francois Lyotard, Jacques Derrida, Jurgen Habermas, Nancy Fraser, Judith Butler and Michel Foucault. In her work, Moscovici brings together the wide-ranging discussion of subjectivity with debates about public discourse. In so doing she attempts a synthesis between the two discussions that have recently engaged feminist theorists and others.
Kjønn og samfunn i endring : rapport fra avslutningskonferanse : program for grunnleggende samfunnsvitenskapelig kvinneforskning
Inescapable horizon : culture and context
Gender and academe : feminist pedagogy and politics
Feminism and recent fiction in English
"In a provocative, groundbreaking work, National Magazine Award&#173;-finalist Rebecca Traister, "the most brilliant voice on feminism in this country" (Anne Lamott), traces the history of unmarried women in America who, through social, political, and economic means, have radically shaped our nation.  For legions of women, living single isn't news; it's life.  In 2009, the award-winning journalist Rebecca Traister started All the Single Ladies--a book she thought would be a work of contemporary journalism--about the twenty-first century phenomenon of the American single woman. It was the year the proportion of American women who were married dropped below fifty percent; and the median age of first marriages, which had remained between twenty and twenty-two years old for nearly a century (1890-1980), had risen dramatically to twenty-seven.  But over the course of her vast research and more than a hundred interviews with academics and social scientists and prominent single women, Traister discovered a startling truth: the phenomenon of the single woman in America is not a new one. And historically, when women were given options beyond early heterosexual marriage, the results were massive social change--temperance, abolition, secondary education, and more.  Today, only twenty percent of Americans are wed by age twenty-nine, compared to nearly sixty percent in 1960. The Population Reference Bureau calls it a "dramatic reversal." All the Single Ladies is a remarkable portrait of contemporary American life and how we got here, through the lens of the single American woman. Covering class, race, sexual orientation, and filled with vivid anecdotes from fascinating contemporary and historical figures, All the Single Ladies is destined to be a classic work of social history and journalism. Exhaustively researched, brilliantly balanced, and told with Traister's signature wit and insight, this book should be shelved alongside Gail Collins's When Everything
The changing role of women in society : a documentation of current research : research projects in progress. 1981-1983
A question of sex? : gender and difference in the Hebrew Bible and beyond
Vil du vite hva vi kan? = Who's who? : a profile of projects and researchers at Centre for Feminist Research, University of Oslo
Working out : new directions for women's studies
Time frames : negotiating cultural history
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
Figures of fantasy : women, cyberdiscourse and the popular Internet
Feminist frontiers IV
Dragon ladies : Asian American feminists breathe fire
The politics of multicultural encounters : feminist postcolonial perspectives
Thai women in the global labor force : consuming desires, contested selves
Interim directory of chinese women's organizations
Gender, nation, narration : critical readings of cultural phenomena
A woman's place : women, domesticity and private life
Women's studies and feminist research in Denmark
Northern gender studies
Sciences from below : feminisms, postcolonialities, and modernities
The education of girls : policy, research and the question of gender
Women's research literature from Norway in English
Women's conversational culture: repturing patriarchal discourse
A women's thesaurus : an index of language used to describe and locate information by and about women
Feminism and film theory
Edith Södergran's Modern Virgin : Overcoming Nietzsche and the Gendered Narrator
The resources of poverty : women and survival in a Mexican City
Workshop "Establishing Gender Studies in Central and Eastern European Countries", Wassenaar, The Netherlands, November 5-8, 1992
Journal of women & aging
Post-communism : women's lives in transition
Transatlantic conversations : nineteenth-century American women's encounters with Italy and the Atlantic world
Women in the Church of God in Christ : making a sanctified world
The Greenwood encyclopedia of women's issues worldwide : North America and the Caribbean. North America and the Caribbean
Women of ideas
The making of European women's studies. Volume 9
This feminist literary study discusses postmodern ideas about the self, particularly about the way in which selves are constructed by biography and autobiography. The author particularly examines the manner in which women write about themselves.
The outer circle : women in the scientific community
American women in the twentieth century : a selective guide to materials in the British Library
Women's studies : a guide to information sources
Dracula's women : the representation of female characters in a nineteenth-century novel and twentieth-century film
Difference in view : women and modernism
Feminist empirical research : emerging perspectives on qualitative and teacher research
This book is the first to ask whether there is a specifically European dimension to certain major issues in Women's Studies. It strives to create a synergetic debate among different disciplines and cultural traditions in Europe, and, in doing so, fills some gaps in our knowledge about women and enriches debates hitherto dominated by Anglo-American influences.
This book is about women studies. Alice Rossi well written preface " the essential work of feminism" published over a period of 200 years. from Adams to de Beauvoir. Rossi notes that while achieving men are considered creative, achieving women are thought of as neurotic. Her disagreement with this kind or orientation set the tine for her introduction, which is, nevertheless, critically balanced and insightful concerning the development of feminist minds.
Disturbing differences : feminist readings of identity, location and power : University of Turku, May 18-19, 2007 : programme, abstracts, workshops
Prosjekt- og kompetanseoversikt : a survey of projects and competence at the Centre for Women's research : vårsemesteret 1993
Female (?) knowledge, normativity and legal interpretation
Gender and politics in India
News from Nikk
The feminist spectator as critic
Sukupuolitetut rajat = Gendered borders and boundaries
Gender outlaw : on men, women and the rest of us
Feminist stylistics
Reader's guide to women's studies
Theorizing feminism : parallel trends in the humanities and social sciences
Gendering the memory of work : women workers' narratives
