http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5331 men's studies
men's studies
The masculinities reader
American manhood : transformations in masculinity from the Revolution to the modern era
Type A behavior pattern revisited long-term follow-up from the Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease study
In this book Victor J Seidler, one of the leading contributors to the growing debate about masculinities, turns his attention to the lives of young men and their understandings of themselves as gendered beings. By contextualizing their experiences and subjectivities within a rapidly globalizing world, Seidler pays particular attention to the impact of the global media. How does the mass circulation of images of men's bodies, desires and sexualities affect their self-perception and behaviours, and how are these images framed within particular histories, cultures and traditions? Questioning universalist theories of 'hegemonic masculinities', the book argues that young men often feel caught between prevailing masculinities and their own struggle for self-definition. It explores both how the idea of men as 'the First Sex' has been established within the West and the ways in which men in other cultures and societies affirm their gendered identities. Seidler pioneers new methodologies that involve listening to the silences surrounding male experience as well as to oral testimonies. This enables innovative analysis of the contradictions young men are faced with in both creating their own gendered identities and establishing more equal relationships within a world of intense inequalities.
White guys : studies in postmodern domination and difference
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
Men, masculinities and social theory
The end of masculinity : the confusion of sexual genesis and sexual difference in modern society
Type A behavior pattern revisited : long-term follow-up from the Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease study
Remaining men together : 'Mythopoetic' masculinity in Fight Club
The book of the penis
The story of Kullervo
In the first comprehensive history of American manhood, E. Anthony Rotundo sweeps away the groundless assumptions and myths that inform the current fascination with men's lives. Opposing the views of men's movement leaders and best-selling authors who maintain that manliness is eternal and unchanging, Rotundo stresses that our concept of manhood is man-made and that, like any human invention, it has a history. American Manhood is a fascinating account of how our understanding of what it means to be a man has changed over time.
Men in their forties : the transition to middle age
Unmasking the masculine : "men" and "identity" in a sceptical age
Sport is about men - or is it?
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from The Sopranos and The Wire to Mad Men and Breaking Bad
What makes a man a man : do-it-yourself
The Masculinities Reader provides a clear and comprehensive introduction to the key debates informing the study of masculinity. Structured in an accessible format, the book makes available in a single text some of the most important work on a range of subjects including male power; patriarchy; management and organizations; sexualities; gay friendships; sport; intimacy; identity; hegemonic masculinity; violence; schooling; language; homophobia; Black, Latino and Chicano masculinities; families; media; postmodernism; and subjectivity. The book opens with a substantive introductory chapter that looks at masculinity in crisis, post-feminism, men's power, changing men, nature/nurture debates and concepts of identity. Recognizing the global dimensions of gender change, the book draws on research from many corners of the world. The Masculinities Reader is an essential text for students and researchers concerned with exploring men and masculinities. In providing a unique overview of an increasingly important field of sociological enquiry, this book will be an invaluable addition to students and academics in sociology, gender studies, cultural studies, and a range of other disciplines.
The man question : visions of subjectivity in feminist theory
Black men : obsolete, single, dangerous? Afrikan American families in transition: essays in discovery, solution and hope
Lesbian and gay studies : an introductory, interdisciplinary approach
In the present paper we investigate how fatherhood influences childbirth in the second union of men in three European countries. We use data from the first wave of the Generations and Gender Survey for France (2005), Norway (2007/8) and Hungary (2004/5) and we apply piecewise exponential event history models. The analysis complements earlier literature by focusing on men, taking a comparative perspective, looking at change over time, considering both cohabiting and marital unions, and also differentiating between the effects of non-residential and (part- or full-time) residential fatherhood.    Findings show that the probability of childbearing in the second union is the lowest if both partners already have child(ren) and highest if neither of them are parents. However we found different results if only one of the partners has pre-union children in the three countries. Findings are discussed in view of demographic trends, family and gender role attitudes, and relevant family policies.
The man question : male subordination and privilege
The new politics of masculinity : men, power, and resistance
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Men's silences : predicaments in masculinity
This is a comprehensive two-volume encyclopedia covering the major theories, research, people and issues in contemporary gender studies. The work will be distinguished by a cross-nationaloss-cultural perspective providing comparative analyses of life experiences of men and women.
Man enough : embodying masculinities
Summary: In search of the new man.
The second sexism : discrimination against men and boys
Norma : nordisk tidsskrift for maskulinitetsstudier
Esipuheesta: This text is the result of transnational cooperation amongst 18 researchers across Europe. The group was brought together through the work of Sub-network 2 of the Coordination Action on Human Rights Violations (CAHRV) (Project no. 506348), which ran from 2004 to 2007, as part of the European Commission Framework 6 research on "Citizens and Governance in a Knowledge-based Society".
Weapons, weaponry and man : (in memoriam Vytautas Kazakevičius)
Man and woman, war and peace : the strategist's companion
How fathers become dads
Challenging hegemonic masculinity
He and she : men in the eighties
Men, masculinities and managements : unities, differences and their interrelations
The quality and development of the leader-follower relationship and psychological capital : a longitudinal case study in a higher education context
Development of the concept 'man' in Finnish
The gender of desire : essays on male sexuality
The future of men : masculinity in the twenty-first century
This anthology takes us beyond the status of masculinity itself, questioning society's and the media's normative concepts of the masculine, and considering the extent to which men and women can transcend these stereotypes and prescriptions.
Love between men in English literature
Studying men's violences in Europe : towards a research framework
Universal hunks : a pictorial history of muscular men around the world, 1895-1975
This book draws upon anthropology, feminism and postmodernism to offer a penetrating and challenging study of how gender operates. The book offers a radical critique of much of the recent writing on and by men and raises important questions about emodiment, agency and the variety of masculine styles.
In and out of enchantment : blood symbolism and gender in Portuguese fairytales
The way of men
Is Coeducation An Untouchable Dogma? : Breaking Ground in the Introduction of Single-Sex Education
Men and gender equality policy in Finland
This work subjects contemporary male feminism to feminist scrutiny and analysis. In contrast to established approaches, it explores the complexity, diversity and effects of male feminist politics while differentiating it from other contemporary men's movements.
Summary: Elvis, "coolness" and masculinity in the 50's in America.
Responsible fatherhood : a narrative approach
Knowledge of the terms sex and gender has important political, health and equity considerations. This book investigates a macro-structural social theory of gender (Connell, 1995), which proposes a relational and hierarchical conception of gender, and explores it in local social contexts. As the theory of gender is primarily concerned with differing configurations of masculinity, most notably hegemonic masculinity (a dominative form of masculinity), this book focuses on males and their relations with one another in secondary schools and all-male elite-level sporting teams. Specifically, this book overcomes a major theoretical impasse by recognizing that the ideology of supremacy of a dominative masculinity is necessarily interdependent with the structural relations of power and culturally defined norms of masculinity. Relations between masculinities are reframed into specific social network hypotheses, and quantitatively examined using statistical models for social networks. Hierarchies of masculinities that are misogynist, homophobic and violent can occur, though local context is particularly important and alternative non-dominative masculinities are possible.
Considered the Bible of men's studies, the meticulously researched The Myth of Male Power takes the listener around the world, throughout history, biology, the Bible, the law, and everyday life, challenging every assumption about men. The Myth of Male Power distinguishes between men s institutional power and genuine power. Farrell says genuine power is "control over one's life." He documents that virtually every society that has survived has done so by persuading its sons to be disposable--whether in war or in work; and therefore indirectly as dads. And disposability is not power. Farrell explains, "The road to high pay is a toll road tolls such as working more hours, and taking 24 of the 25 worst jobs..."; Farrell posits that men have mistakenly defined power as feeling obligated to earn money someone else spends while he dies sooner. In the past, Farrell says, neither sex had power; both sexes had roles: women's role: raise children; men's role: raise money. Our grandparents didn't preach rights they preached responsibilities and obligations. Both genders sacrificed so their children s lives would be better than theirs. Dr. Farrell challenges the belief that men made the rules to benefit men at the expense of women. He writes that if the rules were designed to just benefit men, then women would be socialized to desire and initiate sex with men, pay on dates, buy men diamonds; there would be female-only draft registration; and post- divorce, women would be the sex most likely to lose their home and children.
Men in the mirror : men's fashion, masculinity and consumer society
Straight : constructions of heterosexuality in the cinema
Masculinities in local contexts : structural, individual, and cultural interdependencies
The abominable snowman : a short story from dragons at crumbling castle
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
The male experience
Manly arts : masculinity and nation in early American cinema
Mapping male sexuality : nineteenth-century England
Educational differentials in male mortality in Russia and northern Europe : a comparison of an epidemiological cohort from Moscow and St. Petersburg with the male populations of Helsinki and Oslo
The psychology of men : psychoanalytic perspectives
No man's land : men's changing commitments to family and work
Save the males : why men matter why women should care
Studying men and masculinities
The late-twentieth-century anxiety about a 'crisis in masculinity' still persists today, particularly in English-speaking cultures. Studying Men and Masculinities offers an engaging and comprehensive overview of masculinity. Drawing on a wide range of cultural practices and texts from different genres and media, David Buchbinder examines the notion of patriarchy and the challenges to patriarchal power, including queer theory. The book considers whether crisis may in fact be built into the very structure of the masculine, and examines emergent masculinities post-9/11. Theoretical positions within the field are clearly explained and applied to real life case studies from literature, film, and television. Interspersed in each chapter are a series of questions and tasks aimed at encouraging the reader to engage her/himself in the study of masculinities in everyday life and popular culture.
Masculinity and humour in The secret world of the Irish male by Joseph O`Connor
Domestication of international comparisons : the role of the OECD Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA) in Finnish education policy
Encyclopedia of gender and society
Men's health and illness : gender, power and the body
This book has been written specifically to address the need for a systematic but critical review of contemporary perspectives on masculinity and identity. The authors cover a range of perspectives from biological analysis and psychoanalytical accounts, through role theories, sociological theories of social structure and social relations, to cultural analysis and feminist approaches.
Masculinities, crime and criminology : men, heterosexuality and the criminal(ised) other
The girl with the dragon tattoo and philosophy : everything is fire
The unbearable lightness of heavy bodies : Jukka Korkeila
Gender and laughter : comic affirmation and subversion in traditional and modern media
"Why did traditional Chinese literati so often identify themselves with women in their writing? What can this tell us about how they viewed themselves as men and how they understood masculinity? How did their attitudes in turn shape the martial heroes and other masculine models they constructed? Martin Huang attempts to answer these questions in this valuable work on manhood in late imperial China. He focuses on the ambivalent and often paradoxical role played by women and the feminine in the intricate negotiating process of male gender identity in late imperial cultural discourses. On the one hand, women were shunned as a threat to manhood; on the other, they were celebrated as the natural exemplars of loyalty, an important Confucian virtue. Thus the image of the loyal minister was often problematized by the feminine implications of Confucian loyalty." "At the first book-length study of late imperial Chinese masculinities, this volume covers a wide range of primary texts, including Confucian classics, historical narratives, political treatises, poems, essays, dramas, fictional narratives, and conduct guides. It emphasizes the nuances and pluralistic nature of masculinities as they were being constantly contested and reinvented."--BOOK JACKET.
The uncertain father : exploring modern fatherhood
Refractions of masculinity : ambivalence and androgyny in Philip Glass's opera 'Akhnaten' and selected recent works
The gender of oppression : men, masculinity and the critique of Marxism
Dislocating masculinity : comparative ethnographies
Men, masculinities, travel and tourism
Stiffed : the betrayal of the modren man
Men's Fertility in Second Unions in Three European Countries: The Effect of Parenthood Status
Summary: Formula 1 racing phenomenon : aspects of manliness and modernity.
Discusses the political implications of reproduction, examines feminist and traditional masculine theories, and suggests a reformed interpretation of Marxist principles.
Unmasking masculinity : a critical autobiography
The making of masculinities : the new men's studies
When men were men : masculinity, power & identity in classical antiquity
Male impersonators : men performing masculinity
Medicalized masculinities
Men and masculinities
The yard of wit : male creativity and sexuality, 1650-1750
Social contact and attitude change : a case of homeless men living in a dormitory
Men in relationships : a new look from a life course perspective
Men's ways of being
The first substantial attempt to produce a dialogue between feminists and their male allies, this collection of essays assesses the benefits or disadvantages of male participation in feminism.
The myth of masculinity
The developing father : emerging roles in contemporary society
Male suffering in George Eliot's Middlemarch
Childhood determinants of later health
Men and masculinities in Europe
Evaluating the profound effect that the women's movement has had on men, this monograph intends to provide a serious response to the feminist challenge. The author combines his personal history and reactions to feminism with a review of existing ideas, and a look at how roles are changing.
The decline of males
When men meet : homosexuality and modernity
Warm brothers : queer theory and the age of Goethe
Tensions in human-technology research
Summary (s. 3).
The contributors provide a thought-provoking, comprehensive study of masculinity in American culture today.
Masculinities in theory : an introduction
Turning on its head that familiar "woman question," this innovative work poses masculinity as a problem that requires explanation. Ferguson rebukes the sense of coherence contained in patriarchal theory in the name of a voice that both calls upon and challenges the category woman. Stepping back from the opposition of male and female, she artfully loosens the hold of gender on life and meaning, creating and at the same time deconstructing a women's point of view. Posing the "man question" provides a way not only to view male power and female subordination but also to valorize and problematize women's experiences, thus destabilizing conventional notions of man and woman.
"Begotten, not made" : conceiving manhood in late antiquity
The myth of male power : why men are the disposable sex
The nude male : a new perspective
The journal of men's studies
Be a man! : males in modern society
Negotiating masculinities in late imperial China
Irish masculinities : reflections on literature and culture
National manhood : capitalist citizenship and the imagined fraternity of white men
Discovering men
This is not going to have a happy ending: searching for representations of Hollywood masculinities in David Fincher's Se7en
The politics of reproduction
Masculinity : identity, conflict and transformation
Gender studies : terms and debates
The Romans
Men's studies modified : the impact of feminism on the academic disciplines
Men's studies : a selected and annotated interdisciplinary bibliography
Making European masculinities : sport, Europe, gender
This book provides an accessible and interdisciplinary introduction to current debates on gender, exploring the major theorists whose work has produced and inspired feminist analysis in women's/gender studies, cultural studies, and sociology. By clarifying and explaining the concepts of gender analysis and by demonstrating ways of working with these concepts, the authors involve the readers directly in the reading process and leave them feeling empowered. Accessible introductions to the work of major theorists help to give difficult concepts a context and the theory is related back to practice and to related fields such as class and race analysis throughout.
Flaubert : writing the masculine
Slow motion : changing masculinities, changing men
Fathers' use of parental leave in Estonia
The Brokeback book : from story to cultural phenomenon
Crossing borders and shifting boundaries. 1, Gender on the move
Young Russian Men as Cosmetics Consumers
Men and women of the forest : livelihood strategies and conservation from a gender perspective in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
Constructing masculinity
Sentimental men : masculinity and the politics of affect in American culture
Double talk : the erotics of male literary collaboration
In Male Impersonators, Mark Simpson explores the range of male life and masculinity, posing witty and important questions about bodybuilding, tatoos, pornography, cruising, advertising, and team sports. Simpson looks at how gay men appropriate the skinhead phenomenon and why; how Marky Mark exploits the hustler mystique and hwat it says to gay and straight men; how the Men's movement is being sought out by men - straight or gay - who feel alienated from a macho culture, and compares the participation and reactions of men to various "manly pursuits." Throughout, Male Impersonators examines the roles of homoeroticism and narcissism in the male world, and the performativity of masculinity itself.
African masculinities : men in Africa from the late nineteenth century to the present
"The reader, whether a professional health care worker, researcher, clinician, or concerned individual, will obtain a clearer perspective on the connections between men's health and gender, along with a broader conceptualization of the experiences of men in contemporary society. --Choice Men's Health and Illness contextualizes men's health issues within the broader theoretical framework of the new men's studies. This framework focuses on the profound influence of gender on social life and individual experience. The editors and chapter contributors of this groundbreaking volume argue that gender is a key factor for understanding the patterns of men's health risks, the ways men perceive and use their bodies, and men's psychological adjustment to illness itself. Part I introduces readers to men's studies perspectives and explains their relevance for understanding men's health. Part II explores the linkages between traditional gender roles, men's health, and larger structural and cultural contexts, and Part III examines the implications of multiple masculinities for health issues. The scope of this volume is both multidisciplinary and international. The authors use quantitative and qualitative research methodologies which provide a well-rounded analysis of the subject matter. Taken collectively, the contributions to Men's Health and Illness reflect current efforts by men's studies practitioners to develop theoretical explanations of men's lives that also refer to the influences of class, race, ethnicity, sexual preference, and age. "This collaborative effort in presenting research and theories is so significant that it should become part of the literature studied by advocates of women's studies and men's studies. The reader, whether professional healthcare worker, researcher, clinician, or concerned individual will obtain a clearer perspective on the connections between men's health and gender, along with a broader conceptualization of the experiences of men in contemporary society. Upper-division undergraduate through professional." --Choice.
"Men aren't what they used to be" : Male-female relationships in Kate Atkinson's crime fiction
This book explores the challenges posed to "masculine identity" during a period of growing scepticism about the idea of fixed identities. Postmodernism and poststructuralism have produced new ways of thinking about the indicidual and the social. They have undermined the assumptions on which stable identities have been constructed, such as the assumption that there exists stable bodies and stable selves. "Sex," "gender," "sexuality," and "race" are no longer viewed as merely descriptive aspects of experience, but also as constructions of "identity." Scholars researching and writing in the academic area of men's studies and of member of the pro-feminist men's movement have failed to engage with recent theory and to criticall reflect on the epistemology of masculinity. Increasingly, the field of men's studies is looking like a separatist enterprise and many strands of the men's movement are clearly reactionary. Scholars and activists have neglected recent developments in postmodern feminism, feminist philosophy of science, antiracist/postcolonial studies, and queer theory, which pose important questions for thinking about men, masculinity, sexuality, and identity. Masculinity has tended to be treated in isolation from power relations and historical and global contexts. This book attempts to rethink masculinities. It considers the way in which discourse fabricates the "ideal" male body, sexual identity, and sexual identity politics. The book explores the possibilities of new models of identity not so closely linked to the sex/gender system and for a new or reconceptualized identity politics. Fresh, lucid, and invigorating, this book provides a stimulating guide to the debates around men and masculinities as well as opening up new questions for researchers and teachers to consider. It will be required reading for students in sociology, cultural studies, and sexualities.
Comparison of the cost of antidepressants in a prostate cancer screening trial population
Men in the lives of young children ; an international perspective
This contribution to "men's studies" examines the emergence of masculinity as a marketing tool through the proliferation of men's style magazines, to the stylized images of masculinity which are used to sell products such as deodorants or jeans. The text explores how masculinity has been constructed in the consumer society, and analyzes the hierarchy of masculinity which valorizes some men and denigrates others. Starting with an historical review of men's fashion and a discussion of its importance and meanings, the author proceeds to analyze contemporary marketing of menswear and masculinity in advertising and the media, and considers the politics of fashion for men in terms of gender, class, race and sexuality.
For sociologist Henning Bech, the image of the male homosexual has become emblematic of the modern urban condition, in which freedom and mobility contend with transience and superficiality, in which possibility, energy, and engagement vie with uncertainty and restlessness. In this powerful and frankly provocative critique, Bech skillfully examines the distinctive relationship between urban modernism and the gay experience, exploring in compelling fashion its growing ramifications for the cultural mainstream. Gay society has persevered, even flourished, in this highly charged urban environment, aestheticizing and sexualizing the spaces, both public and private, where men meet. With profound insight and honesty, Bech details this world, candidly reflecting on sex, friendship, love, and life as manifest in the homosexual form of existence. He convincingly demonstrates that, in the face of modern alienation, successful coping strategies developed by gay men are gradually being adopted by mainstream heterosexual society. These adaptations are often masked by what Bech calls an "absent homosexuality, " in which sublimated themes of homosexuality and masculine love surface, only to be disavowed in expressions of social anxiety. This "absent homosexuality" acts as a kind of cultural filter, allowing key traits of gay life to be absorbed by the mainstream, while shielding heterosexual males from their own homophobic anxieties. Ultimately, Bech foresees, a postmodern convergence of hetero- and homosexual forms of exisce emergent from this urban landscape and, with it, a new masculine synthesis. Certain to ignite immediate controversy, When Men Meet offers both a penetrating scholarly analysis of the modern homosexual condition and an unflinching cultural vision of the masculine in transition.
Remaking men : Jung, spirituality and social change ; David J. Tacey
The first sexual revolution : the emergence of male heterosexuality in modern America
Passionate modernity : sexuality, class, and consumption in India
The black male in white America
What a man's gotta do : the masculine myth in popular culture
Young men and masculinities : global cultures and intimate lives
How the west was lost : The changing male image in Sergio Leone's Once upon a time in the West
This book is both simple in conception and ambitious in intention. It aims at legitimating the new interdisciplinary field of men's studies as one of the most significant and challenging intellectual and curricular developments in academia today. The fourteen essays included here are drawn from such diverse disciplines as men's studies,philosophy, psychology, sociology, history, anthropology, Black studies, biology, English literature, and gay studies.
Men to boys : the making of modern immaturity
Extra-ordinary men : white heterosexual masculinity in contemporary popular cinema
Unlocking the iron cage : the men's movement, gender politics, and American culture
But what about men? : after women's lib
European perspectives on men and masculinities : national and transnational approaches
What is cool? : understanding Black manhood in America
Bring me men : military masculinity and the benign facade of American empire, 1898-2001
Men at work : labour, masculinities, development
Men, masculinity and pastoral care
Discussions on men's studies
Combining historical and ethnographic analysis, this book deals with the making of the heterosexual imagination from the beginning of the twentieth century to the present in the Indian context. This unique book uses methods from anthropology, cultural studies and history to explore the making of modern cultures of sexuality in India. It provides an analysis of the sexual and domestic politics of the period by focusing on the vast corpus of publications and journals on sexology from the 1920s to the 1940s, and links Indian activities with those in other parts of the world. The author analyzes material that has thus far been outside the purview of scholarly studies, namely, 'footpath pornography', magazines such as Sexology Mirror (in Hindi), women's magazines dealing explicitly with sex and sexuality.
Alcohol consumption, atherosclerosis and stroke : epidemiologic follow-up study in middle-aged Finnish men
Predictors of early retirement : a population-based study in men from Eastern Finland
Women's leader-member relationships during pregnancy and the return to work
Men in perspective : practice, power and identity
The masculine self
