http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5343 Catholics
Catholics
Family matters : catholic theology of the family
The scorpion. Volume 1
One small suitcase
Catholics and the civil war in Spain
This volume advances scholarly understanding of English Catholicism in the early modern period through a series of interlocking essays on single family: the Throckmortons of Coughton Court, Warwickshire, whose experience over several centuries encapsulates key themes in the history of the Catholic gentry. Despite their persistent adherence to Catholicism, in no sense did the Throckmortons inhabit a 'recusant bubble'. Family members regularly played leading roles on the national political stage, from Sir George Throckmorton's resistance to the break with Rome in the 1530s, to Sir Robert George Throckmorton's election as the first English Catholic MP in 1831. Taking a long-term approach, the volume charts the strategies employed by various members of the family to allow them to remain politically active and socially influential within a solidly Protestant nation. In so doing, it contributes to ongoing attempts to integrate the study of Catholicism into the mainstream of English social and political history, transcending its traditional status as a 'special interest' category, remote from or subordinate to the central narratives of historical change. It will be particularly welcomed by historians of the sixteenth through to the nineteenth century, who increasingly recognise the importance of both Catholicism and anti-Catholicism as central themes in English cultural and political life.
Culture, religion, and demographic behaviour : Catholics and Lutherans in Alsace, 1750-1870
Women and poor relief in seventeenth-century France : the early history of the Daughters of Charity
Iškilmės ir kasdienybė Lietuvos Didžiojoje Kunigaikštystėje ir jos kontekstuose = Celebrations and everyday life in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and its contexts
Catholic gentry in English society : the Throckmortons of Coughton from Reformation to emancipation
The fifth gospel :a : a novel
Relativism and religion : why democratic societies do not need moral absolutes
In the maelstrom of secularization collaboration and persecution : Roman Catholicism in modern Czech society and the state
The devil will come
Calvary
In search of a state : Catholics in Northern Ireland
Young Catholics reshaping the Church
Catholics in the movies
Heretic dawn
Russians and religion after communism
Higher learning & Catholic traditions
Catholic higher education in Protestant America : the Jesuits and Harvard in the age of the university
Three Catholic writers of the modern South
A Catholic looks at Spain
On Christmas morning, in the unforgiving harshness of a convent in Galway, Kitty Doherty gives birth to a baby, who is immediately taken away for adoption in America. But Kitty's life is hanging by a thread, her only hope a dangerous journey through the ice and snow to Ballymara and her Irish family.
Fidel and religion : talks with Frei Betto
The pulpit and the press in Reformation Italy
The miracle, the message, the story : Jean Vanier and l'Arche
Handmaids of the Lord : women deacons in the Catholic Church
Contemporary Catholicism in Ireland : a critical appraisal
English abstracts. - Santraukos lietuvių.
The power and the glory
And the journey begins
1572: Returning from his studies in Montpellier, Pierre de Siorac is ambushed by a jealous Perigord nobleman. A duel ensues, and Pierre must subsequently travel to Paris, to seek his pardon from the King. The capital city and the royal court are a disorienting new environment for Pierre: a world of sweet words and fierce pride, where coquettish smiles hide behind fans, and murderous intents behind elegant bows; a world of genteel tennis matches and deadly swordplay, whose elaborate social graces mask a simmering tension that will soon explode to engulf the entire city in one of history's most infamous bouts of butchery - and signal the dawn of a new and bloody era in the history of France. Here, Pierre faces the greatest challenge of his young existence - to make his way through this deceptively dangerous milieu, to win a royal pardon, and finally to escape from Paris with his life, and the lives of his beloved companions, intact.
According to Baba : a collaborative oral history of Sudbury's Ukrainian community
The sign
The correspondence of James Peter Coghlan (1731-1800)
Policing the narrow ground : lessons from the transformation of policing in Northern Ireland
Becoming Catholic : finding Rome in the American religious landscape
And blue skies from pain : a book of the fey and the fallen
Oral culture and Catholicism in early modern England
Kinship and pilgrimage : rituals of reunion in American protestant culture
A history of Catholic antisemitism : the dark side of the church
Spiritual kinship in Europe, 1500-1900
The big silence
The scorpion. Volume 2
Martyr
Noah's Child
The Madonna of 115th Street : faith and community in Italian Harlem, 1880-1950
The Power and the glory
"Had she been of the catholic church, she had been a saint" : the continuity of hagiographic conventions in 18th century English protestant biographies of women
The Four Streets
aWhile King Henry VIII lies on his deathbed, Queen Catherine Parr searches for the person who murdered the London printer who had her shocking, confessional memoir. – WorldCat.
The roots of betrayal
Portrays a young Irish Catholic's family experiences, political views, and poetic inspirations.
American Catholics today : new realities of their faith and their church
God's traitors : terror and faith in Elizabethan England
The conflict of nationality in modern Ireland
The last breath
Catholic communities in Protestant states : Britain and the Netherlands, c.1570-1720
Hillman presents a fascinating account of the role that women played during the Catholic Reformation in France. Using probate inventories from aristocratic residences and private correspondence, she reconstructs the devotional practices of a network of powerful women showing how they reconciled Catholic piety with their roles as part of an aristocratic elite. This challenges the view that the Catholic Reformation was an exclusively male concern. It will be of interest to those researching the history of early modern devotional culture, the Catholic/Counter Reformation and early modern European elites.
Open minds open hearts : stories of the Australian cathlolic deaf  community
Catholic identity and the revolt of the Netherlands, 1520-1635
Called to intimacy : living in the indwelling presence
Social justice isn't what you think it is
Religion and revelry in Shakespeare's festive world
Roosevelt and romanism : Catholics and American diplomacy : 1937-1945
Stuart dynastic policy and religious politics, 1621-1625
The authors in this volume analyze spiritual kinship in Europe from the end of the Middle Ages to the Industrial Age. Uniquely comparing Catholic, Protestant and Orthodox views and practices, the chapters look at changes in theological thought over time as well as in social customs related to spiritual kinship, including godparenthood.
Ashes of remembrance : a novel
A portrait of the artist as a young man
Hierarchy and pluralism : living religious difference in Catholic Poland
The long loneliness : the autobiography of Dorothy Day
Catholics and American culture : Fulton Sheen, Dorothy Day, and the Notre Dame football team
Woman of god
Reading and politics in early modern England : the mental world of a seventeenth-century Catholic gentleman
What being Catholic means to me
Female piety and the Catholic reformation in France
Lutheran and Catholic reconciliation on justification : a chronology of the Holy See's contributions, 1961-1999, to a new relationship between Lutherans and Catholics and to steps leading to the Joint declaration on the doctrine of justification
The she-apostle : the extraordinary life and death of Luisa de Carvajal
The Dutch Revolt and Catholic exile in Reformation Europe
Do the catholic and protestant countries differ by their tax morale?
The sacred shrine : a study of the poetry and art of the catholic church
The soul of a lion : Dietrich von Hildebrand : a biography
Boy crucified
The English Catholic community, 1688-1745 : politics, culture and ideology
Conversion has been an essential element of Christianity, and especially of Roman Catholicism, for centuries--from the Apostle Paul's dramatic conversion on the road to Damascus to the spiritual transformations of such prominent modern individuals as Cardinal Newman, St. Elizabeth Ann Seton, Thomas Merton, and G.K. Chesterton. In a 1926 essay, Chesterton expressed reluctance to describe his conversion, on account of "a strong feeling that this method makes the business look much smaller than it really is." As David Yamane shows in Becoming Catholic, the business was not only spiritually but literally very large, and growing ever larger: roughly 150,000 Americans join the Catholic Church each year, and more than one in fifty American adults is a Catholic convert. Altogether, these 5.85 million individuals are the fifth-largest religious group in America. In this first significant study of the phenomenon of Roman Catholic conversion in the contemporary United States, Yamane provides an in-depth look at the process of adult initiation in the twenty-first century Catholic Church, including the new process of spiritual formation--called the Rite of Christian Initiation of Adults (RCIA)--that was ushered in by Vatican II. The RCIA process, which has become an integral part of Catholic parish life, takes individuals on a journey through four distinct, formative periods, punctuated by elaborate ritual transitions, before they are finally baptized at Easter. Drawing on years of observational fieldwork and candid interviews with more than 200 individuals undergoing the initiation process, Yamane follows would-be Catholics through all four stages of the RCIA and offers an incisive new perspective on what it means to choose Catholicism in America today. -- Provided by publisher.
Empire statesman : the rise and redemption of Al Smith
Stealing God
Okalinnut : The thorn birds
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
The duty of delight : the diaries of Dorothy Day
Noah's child
The spirit of Vatican II : a history of Catholic reform in America
What parish are you from? : a Chicago Irish community and race relations
Calvinists and Catholics during Holland's golden age : heretics and idolaters
Participation and beliefs in popular religiosity : an empirical-theological exploration among Italian Catholics
Judith Pollmann uses the diaries and memoirs of sixteenth-century Catholics to explore how they understood and experienced the religious civil war that ripped the sixteenth-century Netherlands apart.
Only the river runs free : a novel
"This is an engaging multidisciplinary introduction to the worldwide spread and impact of Christianity. Bringing together chapters from leading scholars in history, sociology, anthropology, and religious studies, this book examines the major transformations in contemporary societies brought about through the influence of Christianity. Each chapter shows how the broad themes within Christianity have been adopted and adapted by Christian demoninations within each major region of the world. So, the book paints a global picture of the impact of Christianity, enriched by detailed historic and ethnographic material for each particular region. Throughout, the chapters examine Protestant, Evangelical, Catholic and Orthodox forms of Christianity. However, the approach is non-theological, focusing on the impact of and response to Christianity, rather than questions of faith. The combination of broader perspectives and deep analysis of particular regions, illuminating the social, cultural, political, and religious features of changes brought about by Christianity, makes this book essential reading for students of world Christianity"--
Siegfried Sassoon : a life
Conspiracy
The mermaid chair
One of the most hotly-debated topics today in the Catholic Church concerns the role of women. Jane Coll upholds as binding the Church teaching that they cannot be ordained as priests. She then explores whether women could be ordained deaconesses. The author takes a new look at this issue and seeks an answer that is compatible with the teachings of Scripture, Tradition and the Magisterium. She has based her work on the premise that the Church cannot introduce any changes that contradict the deposit of Revelation. By discussing the meaning of the Sacrament of Ordination and the role of women in the Church under the teachings of Scripture, Tradition and the Magisterium she indicates that, while the Church could not ordain women as priests, it could ordain them as deacons. However, are such deaconesses part of the sacrament of Order or are they sacramentals? Could the whole issue of women's ordination be side-stepped by creating an order of non-ordained deaconesses with wide parish responsibilities? This book attempts to answer these questions as well as a host of others on this fascinating and topical theme.
Making sense of the troubles
Beyond the threshold : a life in Opus Dei
The catholic advantage : why health, happiness, and heaven await the faithful
"The present study seeks to probe the formative impact of exile on changing Catholic identities, both in the northern and in the southern Netherlands. More specifically, it will argue that many displaced Catholics became receptive to militant strands of Catholicism during their years in foreign safe havens. Local media, clerical leadership and forms of sociability facilitated and shaped this process of religious radicalisation among Catholic expatriates. When the changing course of the war allowed the exiles to return home, these spiritually reborn men and women promulgated their radical beliefs in areas recovered by the Habsburg monarchy"--
Peaches for Monsieur Le Curé
That all may believe : a theology of the Gospel and the mission of the church
Jews and other Germans : civil society, religious diversity, and urban politics in Breslau, 1860-1925
Miraculous images of our Lord : famous Catholic statues, portraits and crucifixes
Divided city
Letter to the Bishops of the Catholic Church on the collaboration of men and women in the church and in the world
Holy spy
Facebook as a monastic place? : the new use of the internet by Catholic munks
St. Peter's Square, Rome. White smoke signals that a new Pope has been chosen. Is it possible that the new Pope is a woman? The world is watching as historic crowds gather in Rome, waiting for news of a new Pope, one who promises to be unlike any other in the Church's history. Some followers are ecstatic, but the leading candidate has made a legion of powerful enemies. From a difficult childhood with drug addled parents, to a career as a doctor on the front lines in Sudan, to a series of trials that test her faith at every turn, Brigid Fitzgerald's convictions and callings have made her the target of all those who fear that the Church has lost its way dangerous adversaries who abhor challenges to tradition. Locked in a deadly, high-stakes battle with forces determined to undermine everything she believes in, Brigid must convert her enemies to her cause before she loses her faith and her life.
No other life
The People's Democracy, 1968-1973
Northern Ireland since 1968
Of watchdogs and safe havens : control mechanisms and/in online sacred places
The struggle of the Lithuanian Roman Catholic Church to save Vilnius archcathedral
Gerard Manley Hopkins : a life
City of wisdom and blood
Nation and religion : the politics of commemoration in South-East Poland
Toward the future : essays on Catholic-Jewish relations in memory of Rabbi León Klenicki
Creative fidelity : American Catholic intellectual traditions
The good people
The popes : a history
A family saga set in 1950s Liverpool, the first novel from Nadine Dorries MP. 1950s Liverpool. In the tight-knit Irish Catholic community of the Four Streets, two girls are growing up. One is motherless and hated by the cold woman who is determined to take her dead mother's place. Will her adored father wake up to what is happening before it is too late? The other is hiding a dreadful secret which she dare not let slip to anyone, lest it rips the heart out of the community. And yet, how long can she possibly live with it? In the Four Streets there is almost nothing that a cup of tea and a good chat won't sort out. Laughing, grieving, hoping for better things all this the people of the Four Streets can do together. But what can they do when a betrayal at the very heart of their world comes to light?
The bishop's man  : a novel
Protestants, Catholics, and Jews in Germany, 1800-1914
The Ballymara Road
The old enemies : Catholic and Protestant in nineteenth-century English culture
IRELAND : a concise history : with 173 illustrations
The secret life of Evie Hamilton
Catholics and protestants : agricultural modernization in two German villages
English Catholic Exiles in Late Sixteenth-century Paris
Emperor Sigismund and the Orthodox world
Introducing world Christianity
Catholic revival in English literature, 1845-1961 : Newman, Hopkins, Belloc, Chesterton, Greene, Waugh
Of blood and honey : a book of the fey and the fallen
Hermeneia : a critical and historical commentary on the Bible. James : a commentary on the Epistle of James
Sacred treason
"This book examines the social, political and religious relationships between Calvinists and Catholics during Holland's Golden Age. Although Holland, the largest province of the Dutch Republic, was officially Calvinist, its population was one of the most religiously heterogeneous in early modern Europe. The Catholic Church was officially disestablished in the 1570s, yet by the 1620s Catholicism underwent a revival, flourishing in a semi-clandestine private sphere. The book focuses on how Reformed Protestants dealt with this revived Catholicism, arguing that confessional coexistence between Calvinists and Catholics operated within a number of contiguous and overlapping social, political and cultural spaces. The result was a paradox: a society that was at once Calvinist and pluralist. Christine Kooi maps the daily interactions between people of different faiths and examines how religious boundaries were negotiated during an era of tumultuous religious change"--
East Timor : prospects for peace
New pathways in pilgrimage studies : global perspectives
