http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5340 prehistoric remains
prehistoric remains
Map of bones : a Sigma Force novel
Hajar Bin Humeid : investigations at a pre-islamic site in South Arabia
The megalithic European : the 21st century traveller in prehistoric Europe
Bible of the dead
Huma-projektet 2010 = The Huma project 2010 : Heritage underwater maritime archaeology Gotland
Beer-Sheba III : the early iron IIA enclosed settlement and the late iron IIA-iron IIB cities. Vol. III, Artifacts, ecofacts and concluding studies
Mancheng Han mu : cream of cultural relics of Hebei Province = Han tombs in Mancheng county
The lost cities of the Mayas : the life, art and discoveries of Frederick Catherwood
Ulster : its archaeology and antiquities
In search of unknown Britain
The story of the Holy Land : a visual history
De arkeologiske utgravninger i Gamlebyen, Oslo. Bind 5, "Mindets tomt" - "Søndre felt" : animal bones, moss-, plant-, insect- and parasite remains
Exploring Scotland's heritage : Orkney and Shetland
Fiesole archeologica = Archeology in Fiesole
Roman material from Ireland : a re-consideration
A guide to prehistoric Scotland
The romans in Britain
Seven wonders of the ancient world
The lost army of Cambyses
Human remains : conservation, retrieval, and analysis : proceedings of a conference held in Williamsburg, VA, Nov. 7-11th, 1999
The Genesis plague
The forts of celtic Britain
Ancient Ireland
Report on the Phoenician and Roman antiquities in the group of the Islands of Malta
Pleasure of ruins
Anatolia and the ancient Near East : studies in honor of Tahsin Özgüç = Tahsin Özgüç'e armaǧan
Excavations at Jarlshof, Shetland
Viking antiquities in Great Britain and Ireland. P. 2, Viking antiquities in Scotland
Wales from the air : patterns of past and present
Rescued treasures of Egypt
Animal remains from Tell Asmar
Qin shi huang di ling = Mausoleum of Emperor Qin Shihuang
Excavations at Russekeila in West Spitsbergen. 1, Skeletal remains at the Russian settlement at Russekeila in West Spitsbergen
Tutankhamun : the eternal splendour of the boy pharaoh
Recent archaeological excavations in Europe
Petra : the rose-red city
The re-excavation of the Déhus chambered mound, at Paradis, Vale, Guernsey
The lake-dwellings of Europe : being the rhind lectures in archaeology for 1888
The third gate : a novel
Federal archeology program : secretary of the Interior's report to congress 1994-95
The deceit
Prehistoric and protohistoric Swāt, Pakistan (c. 3000 - 1400 B.C.)
The Oxford history of ancient Egypt
Cities of Vesuvius, Pompeii and Herculaneum
Discoveries
The dawn of European civilization
Journey to Britannia : from the heart of Rome to Hadrian's Wall, AD 130
Antiquities of the Irish countryside
Monuments of Syria : an historical guide
The glory that was Pompeii
Archaeology and folklore as mirrors of the past and the present: some reflections from Isokyrö and Karijoki, Finland
The Valhalla prophecy
The lost kingdoms of Africa
Underworld : the mysterious origins of civilization
Sacred geography : deciphering hidden codes in the landscape
From black land to fifth sun : the science of sacred sites
The making of Egypt
Looking for Dilmun
Monitoring the in situ archaeological deposits at Schultzgt. 3-7, Trondheim, Norway (1996-2001)
Crete in colour
Europe's lost civilization : exploring the mysteries of the megaliths
Viking antiquities in Great Britain and Ireland. P. 3, Norse antiquities in Ireland
Guide to national and historic monuments of Ireland : including a selection of other monuments not in state care
Byzantine Athens
The dinosaur skull
Wales : an archaeological guide : the prehistoric, roman and early medieval field monuments
Recent archaeological discoveries in the Republic of Korea
History in earth and stone : prehistoric and Roman monuments in England and Wales
Core data standard for archaeological sites and monuments = Fiche d'indexation minimale pour les sites archéologiques
Citadels of mystery
Cultural Environment Strategy 2014–2020 : Government Resolution 20 March 2014.
Some North-Eurasian sculptures
Cross bones
Conservation of ancient Egyptian materials : preprints of the conference organised by the United Kingdom Institute for Conservation, Archaeology Section, Bristol, December 15 - 16th, 1988
The Princeton dictionary of ancient Egypt
Qaryat al-Fau : a portrait of pre-Islamic civilization in Saudi Arabia = Qaryat al-Fāw : USPb sūra lil-hadārat al-'arabīya qabla al-islām fī al-Mamlakat al-'Arabīyat al-Su'ūdīya
Exploring our past : strategies for the archaeology of England
The Maya
Archaeology of the land of the Bible. [Vol. 1], 10,000-563 B.C.E
The Fortaleza Valley, Peru : archaeological investigation of Late Archaic sites (3000-1800 BC)
The Finnish Nubia expedition to Sudanese Nubia 1964-65. Vol. II : Plates: the excavation reports
Things in motion : object itineraries in anthropological practice
Viking antiquities in Great Britain and Ireland. P. 6, Civilization of the Viking settlers in relation to their old and new countries
Pompeii nowadays and 2000 years ago
Stonehenge of the kings : a people appear
An Osteological Analysis of Human and Animal Bones from Leväluhta
The atlas of past worlds : A comparative chronology of human history 1000 bc-ad 1500
The gold of Troy : the story of Heinrich Schliemann and the buried cities of ancient Greece
Prehistoric sacred sites of Wessex
The black madonna
Ancient horsemen of Siberia
The Babylon rite
The Maya Guide
Violence and conflict in the material record
Stonehenge : mysteries of the stones and landscape
Excavations at Russekeila in West Spitsbergen. 1, Skeletal remains
Seals and statuettes of Kulli, Zhob, Mohenjo Daro, and Harappa
Guidelines for the preparation of excavation archives for long-term storage
Roman Britain : life at the edge of empire
The first emperor : China's entombed warriors = Qin Shihuang ji qi di xia da jun
The archaeology of Wessex
The standing stones of Europe : a guide to the great megalithic monuments
The Monuments Protection Programme 1986-96 in retrospect
Managing archaeological heritage : public archaeology in Europe
Under another sky : journeys in Roman Britain
The mask of Troy
The Long Barrows of the Cotswolds
Digging into the past : 25 years of archaeology in Denmark
The British Museum book of ancient Egypt
The paleo-eskimo cultures of Greenland : new perspectives in Greenlandic archaeology
Discovery and Excavation in Scotland = A'lorg agus a'cladhach an albainn : new series. 9/2008
Petra : the pink city of the desert
The gods of Atlantis
The Qin dynasty terra-cotta army of dreams
The cities of the ancient Andes
The publication of the full report of the Tel Beer-sheba Iron Age remains is a fulfillment of a scientific dream. The excavations at Tel Beer-sheba, carried out under the auspices of the Institute of Archaeology of Tel Aviv University, were the highlight of Yohanan Aharoni's vast research program in the Beer-sheba Valley. He directed this program from 1969 until his untimely death in 1976 at the age of 56. The final season of excavations at Tel Beer-sheba, the eighth, took place in the summer of 1976 and was carried out after Aharoni's demise by his chief assistants, Ze'ev Herzog, Itzhaq Beit-Arieh, and Anson F. Rainey. The latter two regrettably did not live to see the completion of this publication, but they shared in the work, as did the young staff members who enabled the Tel Beer-sheba project to become a reality. During the National Parks Authority site development, there was further exposure, mainly of the water supply systems, directed by Ze'ev Herzog with David Sappo (Western Quarter, 1990–1991), with Tsvika Tsuk (the well, 1993) and finally with Ido Ginaton (the water-system, 1994–1995). Now, after a lengthy process of analyzing the excavations in the storerooms of Tel Aviv University's Institute of Archaeology and digging through the endless documentary material amassed, the full data is proudly presented. This work is offered not merely as a final report but as a starting point for further scientific inquiry on the abundant architectural, artifactual, and ecofactual data from Tel Beer-sheba. Volume I reports on the stratigraphy and architecture, volume 2 on the pottery; and volume 3 on the artifacts, ecofacts, and also provides concluding studies. The three volumes are profusely illustrated and an essential resource for anyone interested in the history of Judah, the Beer-sheba Valley, the site itself, and life during the Iron Age in the southern Levant.
Rogaland : 10 000 years of prehistory
Pompei ed i suoi principali monumenti = Pompei and its principal monuments
Gods, graves, and scholars : the story of archaelogy
Corpus topographicum Indiae antiquae : a sodalibus Universitatis Gandavensis et Universitatis Lovaniensis editum. Part 2, Archaeological sites
The mysteries of ancient Egypt : an illustrated reference to the myths, religions, pyramids and temples of the land of the pharaohs
The Holocene development of the Pennala basin, Southern Finland, was studied using lithostratigraphical and biostratigraphical methods, shore level surveys and radiocarbon dating in the areas adjacent to the I Salpausselkä icemarginal formation. The study results give an improved picture of the shoreline displacement and palaeoenvironment of the Pennala basin during the period of 10000-2500 14C yr BP (ca. 11400-2600 cal yr BP).The results indicate that the Ancylus Lake stage in the Pennala basin occurred during the Preboreal and Early Boreal chronozones around 9600-8900 14C yr BP (ca. 10900-10000 cal yr BP). The transgression was followed by a long-term lake phase, which ended, due to overgrowth of the basin, at ca. 2900 14C yr BP (ca. 3000 cal yr BP). The highest Ancylus shoreline in the area is located at 71 m a.s.l. The altitude of the ancient Pennala Lake is located at 68.5 m a.s.l.The Pennala basin and adjacent areas were inhabited by Stone Age dwellers during the Middle Neolithic period. The dated evidence of the Early Mesolithic settlement in the area remains scarce. During the Early Mesolithic period the Pennala basin was a sheltered bay of the Ancylus Lake and during the Middle Neolithic period of settlement ca. 5500-3500 14C yr BP (ca. 6300-3800 cal yr BP) the basin served Neolithic dwellers as a small inland lake.
The monuments of Egypt : The Napoleonic edition : The complete archaeological plates from La description de l'Egypte
Viking antiquities in Great Britain and Ireland. P. 4, Viking antiquities in England : with a supplement of Viking antiquities on the continent of Western Europe
Tikal : a handbook of the ancient Maya ruins, with a guide map
The megalith builders of Western Europe
The archaeology of wings : birds and people in the Baltic Sea region during the Stone Age
Megalithomania : artists, antiquarians and archaeologists at the old stone monuments
Wade and the scorpion's claw
Pyramids and mummies
A holy-water basin in Acre
Aerial survey for archaeology
Conservation of cultural heritage. Guidelines for the management of waterlogged wood on an archaeological terrestrial sites
Summaries
Archaeological research at Tumatumani, Juli, Peru
Troy and Knossos
Gazetteer of Mesolithic sites in England and Wales
Almaty men žetǐsuayng köne qazynalary = Drevnie sokroviŝa Alamty i Žetysu = Ancient treasures of Almaty and Jetysu
Praistorijski lokaliteti u severoisroécnoj Srbiji : (od ranog neolita do dilaska Rimljana) = Prehistoric Sites in the North-Eastern Serbia : (from Early Neolithic until Roman conquest)
Vestiges archéologiques : la conservation in situ : actes du deuxième Colloque international de l'ICAHM, Montréal (Québec) Canada, 11-15 octobre 1994 = Archaeological remains : in situ preservation : proceedings of the second ICAHM International Conference
The archaeology of the Holy Land
The scepter of Egypt : a background for the study of the Egyptian antiquities in the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Part 1, From the earliest times to the end of the middle kingdom
Petroglify Kanozera = Rock carvings of Kanozero
An archaeology of South-East England
Underworld : flooded kingdoms of the ice age
The complete pyramids
The excavations at Helwan : art and civilization in the first and second Egyptian dynasties
Azärbaycan qayaüstü incäsänäti = Rock art of Azerbaijan = Naskalnoje iskusstvo Azerbaidžana
Germanic animal art of Salin's Style I in Finland
The majesty of all under heaven : the eternal realm of china's first emperor = Yi tong tian xia : Qin shi huang di de yong heng guo du
Pagan Ireland : an archaeological sketch : a handbook of Irish Pre-Christian Antiquities
A primer of Old Testament archaeology
The impact of aerial reconnaissance on archaeology : dedicated to prof. J K S St Joseph in token of his outstanding contribution to aerial archaeology
The scepter of Egypt : a background for the study of the Egyptian antiquities in the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Part 2, The Hyksos period and new kingdom (1675-1080 B.C.)
Holocene development of the Pennala basin with special reference to the palaeoenvironment of Meso- and Neolithic dwelling sites, Lahti-Orimattila, Southern Finland
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
"The contributors to Things in Motion, collectively, demonstrate the dynamic capacity of things in motion, from the point where things emerge from source material, to their circulation in the contemporary world, including their extended circulation through reproduction in other media. The various chapters show that examining the itineraries of things multiplies the assemblages things form and multiplies the sites at which we can recognize things in motion. None of the things discussed seem to ever have died. Their itineraries are continued by their movement in and out of museums and curation facilities, where many of them have come to rest temporarily, the circulation of their images, and their adaptation in sometimes unexpected contemporary material culture. Their itineraries also include the scholarship about them, to which this volume contributes, making it another site assembled by these active things"--Provided by publisher.
The Roman remains of southern France : a guidebook
Mysteries and discoveries of archaeoastronomy : from Giza to Easter Island
Sudan Antiquities Service excavations at Meinarti, 1963-64
The prehistoric chamber tombs of England and Wales
Pompeii : the life of a Roman town
A guide to the prehistoric and Roman monuments in England and Wales
Castles & ancient monuments of England
Standing stones : Stonehenge, Carnac and the world of megaliths
100 greatest archaeological discoveries
Crossroads to Greenland : 3000 years of prehistory in the eastern high arctic
Lanarkshire : an inventory of the prehistoric and Roman monuments
