http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p534 unexplained phenomena
unexplained phenomena
In 2004 Janis Heaphy Durham's husband, Max Besler, died of cancer at age fifty-six. The daughter of a Presbyterian minister, she practiced her faith as she struggled with her loss. Soon she began encountering phenomena unlike anything she'd ever experienced: lights flickering, doors opening and closing, and clocks stopping at 12:44--the exact time of Max's death. But then something startling happened that changed Heaphy Durham's life forever. A powdery handprint appeared on her bathroom mirror on the first anniversary of Max's death. This launched Heaphy Durham on a journey that transformed her spiritually and altered her view of reality forever. She interviewed scientists and spiritual practitioners along the way as she discovered that the veil between this world and the next is thin and it's love that bridges the two worlds.
Encyclopedia of paranormal powers : discover the secrets of mind readers and more
Fringe : tales from the fringe
Poltergeist! : a study in destructive haunting
The X-files. Season 4.
The Bermuda triangle
Mysterious places
A funny thing happened on the way to heaven : (or, how I made peace with the paranormal and stigmatized zealots and cynics in the process)
Parapsychology : the science of unusual experience
All over the world and other stories
Why people believe weird things : pseudoscience, superstition, and other confusions of our time
Science friction : where the known meets the unknown
Superscience : explaining the paranormal
The English ghost
Alone. 5, Eye of the maelstrom
Ivan, Leila, Camille, Terry, Dodzi. Five children who have never met each other, who live very different lives in a small city. Then, one day, they all wake up in their empty homes, walk out into empty streets and wander through the empty city… No adults, no other children; just the five of them eventually finding each other, and forced to band together to face the inevitable questions – and the dangers of a modern city suddenly emptied of its inhabitants.
Alone. 1 : The vanishing
Alone. 3 : The clan of the shark
Alone. 4 : The red cairns
The X-files. Season 8.
Purgatory
Dr. Ernest Drake's Monsterology : the complete book of fabulous beasts
The heretics : adventures with the enemies of science
Crop circles : the bones of God
The forgotten room : a novel
Planetary omnibus
Paranormality : why we see what isn't there
The X-files. Volume 2: book of the unexplained
The fourth man / Warren Ellis writer ; John Cassaday artist ; Laura Dapuy David Baron colorist
Whitaker's world of weird
The X-files. Season 3.
The encyclopedia of paranormal powers : discover the secrets of mind readers, mediums and more
Neverwhere
The Unexplained files. Season 1.
Leaving the 20th century
The fourth man
How to use a ouija board : communication with the spirit world
Salaiset kansiot = The X-files : the event series
Philosophy of science and the occult
"In Why People Believe Weird Things, science historian Michael Shermer explores the very human reasons we find otherworldly phenomena, conspiracy theories, and cults so appealing. The editor of Skeptic magazine and the director of the Skeptics Society, Shermer shows how the eternal search for meaning and spiritual fulfillment often results in our thinking being led astray by extraordinary claims and controversial ideas - particularly in the realms of superstition and the supernatural." "But Shermer also reveals the darker and more fearful side of wishful thinking, including Holocaust denial, creationism, the recovered memory movement, alien abduction experiences, the satanic ritual abuse scare and other modern witch crazes, extreme Afrocentrism, and ideologies of racial superiority. As Shermer investigates these movements and the people behind them, you'll be introduced to the strange debating tactics of creationist Duane T. Gish as he goes toe-to-toe with the author over evolutionary theory; the apocalyptic visions of a leading racial pseudoscientist; ESP adherents who claim they've proved the power of thought-control; the "magical" techniques a famous psychic uses to fool his audiences; and the leaders of the Holocaust denial movement and their views on Nazis, freedom of speech, and future goals." "A compelling, and often disturbing, portrait of our immense capacity for self-delusion, Why People Believe Weird Things is ultimately a celebration of the scientific spirit - and the joy to be found in exploring the world's greatest mysteries, even if many of the questions remain unanswered."--BOOK JACKET.
The most amazing haunted & mysterious places in Britain : more than 600 eerie destinations in England, Scotland and Wales
The unofficial X-Files companion : an X-phile's guide to the mysteries, conspiracies, and really strange truths behind the series
Haunted Britain and Ireland
The X-files : the event series
The encyclopedia of the unexplained : curious phenomena, strange supertitions and ancient mysteries
The X-files. Season 7.
The world's most haunted places : from the secret files of ghostvillage.com
Alone. 6, The fourth dimension and a half
Cryptozoology A to Z : the encyclopedia of Loch monsters, sasquatch, chupacabras and other authentic mysteries of nature
Treatise on parapsychology : essay on the scientific interpretation of the human phenomena known as 'supernatural'
Unsolved historical mysteries
The Element encyclopedia of ghosts and hauntings  : the ultimate a-z of spirits, mysteries and the paranormal
13 things that don't make sense : the most intriguing scientific mysteries of our time
The mammoth encyclopedia of unsolved mysteries
The great orm of Loch Ness : a practical inquiry into the nature and habits of water-monsters
The cosmic connection : worldwide crop formations and ET contacts
The raven's head
Jung on synchronicity and the paranormal
Encyclopedia of the unexplained
The X-files. Season 1.
Spacetime archaeology
The quickening
Alone. 2 : The Master Of Knives
The X-files. Season 6.
The Element illustrated encyclopedia of mind, body, spirit & earth
The hand on the mirror : a true story of life beyond death
The tower
Miracles : a preliminary study
Scams from the great beyond : how to make easy money off of ESP, astrology, UFOs, crop circles, cattle mutilations, alien abductions, Atlantis, channeling, and other New Age nonsense
The government UFO files
The X-files. Volume 1: book of the unexplained
Animal voices : telepathic communication in the web of life
The X-files. [Season 10].. The event series
The secret of the desert stone
The X-files. Season 2.
The cure for dreaming
The day after Roswell
Beyond the senses : a report on psychical research and occult phenomena in the sixties
Phallic panic
The diviner's tale
Real-life X-files : investigating the paranormal
Unexplained! : strange sightings, incredible occurrences, and puzzling physical phenomena
Beyond the body : an investigation of out-of-the-body experiences
The X-files. Season 5.
Haunted London
The X-files. Season 9.
