http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5344 historical demography
historical demography
Population growth and economic development since 1750
Registering people in a changing society - the case of Finland
The structure of mortality during catastrophic years in a pre-industrial society
The life project : the extraordinary story of our ordinary lives
Geographical distribution of emigration in Finland : a comparative study of factors affecting overseas emigration from Finland
Technology, disease, and colonial conquests, sixteenth to eighteenth centuries : essays rappraising the guns and germs theories
Population development in Northern Finland 1950-1965 : With particular reference to regional age and sex composition features as explaining migration and natural population changes and as providing a basis for classification by demographic development
Inari and its population
Demogeographical analysis of Slovakia
Development of Finlands̀ population in 1950-1970
The historical demography of pre-modern Japan
Persist or perish : Soviet Russia destroying Baltic peoples
The concentration of population in Finland between 1880 and 1980
Politics and population control : a documentary history
Population and history
A modern history of the Kurds
The traditional demographic regime of ancient Greece and Rome is almost entirely unknown; but our best chance for understanding its characteristics is provided by the three hundred census returns that survive on papyri from Roman Egypt. These returns, which date from the first three centuries AD, list the members of ordinary households living in the Nile valley: not only family members, but lodgers and slaves. The Demography of Roman Egypt has a complete and accurate catalogue of all demographically relevant information contained in the returns. On the basis of this catalogue, the authors use modern demographic methods and models to reconstruct the patterns of mortality, marriage, fertility and migration that are likely to have prevailed in Roman Egypt. They recreate a more or less typical Mediterranean population as it survived and prospered nearly two millennia ago.
The Serbian question in the Balkans
A concise history of world population
Finnish fertility since 1722 : lessons from an extended decline
Population data on Finland 1900-1988
"The Indian subcontinent has been a land of immigrants for thousands of years: waves of migration from Persia, Central Asia, Mongolia, the Middle East and Greece have helped create India's exceptionally diverse cultural mix. In the centuries before the British Raj, when the Mughals were the preeminent power in the subcontinent, a wide array of migrants known as "firangis" made India their home. In this book, Jonathan Gil Harris, a twenty-first-century firangi, tells their stories." --Publisher description.
Danish population history : 1600-1939
The growth of Southern civilization : 1790-1860
Mortality of the elderly in late 19th and early 20th century Finland
Spanish Central America : a socioeconomic history, 1520-1720 : with a new introduction
Population movements in modern European history
The history of ancient saams
The population history of Britain and Ireland 1500-1750
Population development and demography in Finland
The roots of American civilization : a history of American colonial life
This paper traces the correlation between the functions of landscape, its dynamics under its human influences and the dominant images of its terrain. A great deal of attention is given to Vyborg Karelia - the part of the Karelian Isthmus ceded by Finland to the Soviet Union in 1940. The author considers the consequences on the landscape of population exchange and settlement after 1944, alterations in landscape due to increased recreation, forest protection, the abandonment of agricultural lands, bog drainage and open-cut mining. The conclusions reached concerning the landscape imagery of the region are based chiefly on an analysis of texts and pictures from between the 1950s and the 1980s, and the author's observations and research data. Predominantly examined is the perception of the residents of Leningrad (now St. Petersburg) as being the widest human cross-section vis-à-vis Vyborg Karelia at the period under examination. The radical changes in its imagery during the postwar period were wrought by: 1) great alterations in landscape functions and land use; 2) the loss of historical recollection of past landscapes in the present population; and 3) the strong ideologization of landscape perception during the Soviet period. An integral image, dominating up to now, embodies the principally "recreational model" of landscape development, one which is not completely adequate to the present state of the landscape. During the post-Soviet period, regional imagery becomes more complex and contradictory in regard to the increased transitional function of the Isthmus as a bridge between Russia and the European Union.
3000 years of urban growth
The fertility of birth cohorts and marriage cohorts in Finland
Technology, disease and colonial conquests, sixteenth to eighteenth centuries : essays reapraising the guns and germs theories
People, land and politics : demographic developments and the transformation of Roman Italy 300 BC-AD 14
Bibliographie internationale de la démographie historique 1981 = International bibliography of historical demography 1981.
The decline of fertility in Germany, 1871-1939
Genetic and population studies in Wales
1671 census of the Delaware
Population data on Finland 1900-1990
On the field profile of the rate of total increase of population as exemplified by Tampere, Finland
Population growth and agrarian change : an historical perspective
Global migration : old assumptions, new dynamics. Vol. 1
Habitatores in Urbe : the population of Renaissance Rome = la popolazione di Roma nel Rinascimento
Italian manpower : 225 B.C. - A.D. 14
Immigrants and their children, 1850-1950
A history of the Canadian peoples
Microhistories : demography, society and culture in rural England, 1800-1930
Population change in North-Western Europe, 1750-1850
The history of Cuba
The development  of fertility in Finland
Changing family size in England and Wales : place, class, and demography, 1891-1911
The population history of Britain in the nineteenth century
Population data on Finland 1900-1989
The rise of the West, 1754-1830
The racial composition of the Finnish nation
The last days of Europe : epitaph for an old continent
Migration : a world history
Population and economy : from hunger to modern economic growth
Studies on the population of China, 1368-1953
The backbone of history : health and nutrition in the Western Hemisphere
Causal relationship between economic factors and mortality
Demographic patterns in developed societies
The compulsory public services of Roman Egypt
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Transition of mortality in Finland and Sweden
The politics of ethnicity in Central Europe
Problems of environment and population in Estonia
Vieno Johannes Sukselainen was born in Paimio on 12 October 1906. His mother was a single woman who worked as a seamstress. Sukselainen matriculated from high school in 1927 and earned his masters degree in 1931. Sukselainens doctoral dissertation, Co-operatives as a business model, was approved in 1939. Sukselainen traveled to various countries during the 1930s to conduct research for his dissertation, including Germany, Switzerland, France and Sweden. He was actively involved in student politics and later in the 1930s also got involved in the activities of the Agrarian League. Although neither farmer nor Member of Parliament, Sukselainen was elected chairman of the Agrarian League in 1945. His chairmanship lasted nearly two decades, until 1964, and his contributions were mainly in the area of political economy and social policy. Sukselainen was a member of parliament almost without interruption from 1948 to 1978, and was Speaker in 1956-58, 1968-69 and 1972-75. Sukselainen occupied the post of Minister of Finance in 1950-51 and 1954, Minister of the Interior in 1951-53, and Prime Minister in 1957 and 1959-61. He also served as a university lecturer and professor of political economy throughout the 1940s and 50s, director of the Social Insurance Institution of Finland in 1954-71 and Chancellor of the University of Tampere in 1969-78. A founder of the Family Federation, Sukselainen was also its ? rst chairman from 1941 until 1971. Sukselainen and Elma Bondn, M.A., married on 6 July 1938 and had four children. V.J. Sukselainen died in 1995. .
The way up
Population in history : essays in historical demography
Reconstruction of demographic profiles from Ossuary skeletal samples : a case study from the tidewater Potomac
Migration, settlement and belonging in Europe, 1500-1930s : comparative perspectives
The (im)possibilities of genetics for studies of population history
Human fertility in Russia since the nineteenth century
The population history of England : 1541 - 1871 ; a reconstruction
Social change in the age of enlightenment : Edinburgh,1660-1760
The history of human populations. Volume 1, Forms of growth and decline
Mortality and causes of death in 20th-century Ukraine
Our widening world : a history of the world's peoples
England's population : a history from the domesday survey to 1939
Influence of socioeconomic and other factors on the geographic variation of mortality in Finland, Sweden and Norway
The impact of the post-war baby-boom in Finland
Population trends in Finland since 1950.
Report on Lapp affairs : [finnish state commission 1949-1951]
Conquest : the destruction of the American indios
Aristocrats, farmers, proletarians : essays in Swedish demographic history
Approaching African history
Bolivia : the evolution of a multi-ethnic society
The reliability of the registration of birhts and deaths in Finland in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries : some examples
Population structure of the Åland Islands, Finland, from 1750 to 1949
The landscape of the Karelian Isthmus and its imagery since 1944.
Demography from scanty evidence : central Africa in the colonial era
The European population 1850-1945
Population data on Finland 1900-1991
The power of large numbers : population, politics, and gender in nineteenth-century France
The changing face of the Caribbean
From barbarians to new men : Greek, Roman, and modern perceptions of peoples from the central Apennines
Recent population changes in North Carelia, Finland : (A statistical study in areas smaller than rural communes)
Internationaler Bevölkerungskongress = International population conference = Congrès international de la population : discussions : Wien 1959
100-year Anniversary of the Birth of V.J. Sukselainen, Founder of Väestöliitto
The population of the Caucasus
Finland ̕ s population movement in the eighteenth century
The demographic crises in Norway in the 17th and 18th centuries : some data and interpretations
The rise of the nation states : a history of the West African peoples 1800-1964
Dictating demography : the problem of population in fascist Italy
Can the population of Finland in the 17th century be calculated
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of Imperial Russia until the 1970s
Migration in world history
A social history of Imperial Russia, 1700-1917
The European experience of declining fertility, 1850-1970 : the quiet revolution
The demographic structures and settlement patterns of Finland have evolved during the past 10,000 years. During this time the population has grown to its present size of almost 5.2 million through phases of fast and slow increase, and occasional periods of decrease.Changes in the settlement pattern have accompanied the population growth. From the twelfth to the middle of the twentieth century, the general trend was a continuous dispersion of settlement from the southern core areas. The most significant twentieth-century redistributions of the population happened in connection with the resettling of over 400,000 refugees after World War II, and the Great Move in the 1960s and 1970s from rural to urban areas and to Sweden.Finland remained a predominantly rural country until the 1960s. Structural changes within primary production and an increasingly international economy set into motion a regional concentration of the population. Today over 80 percent of the population lives in densely built areas covering only 2.2 percent of the land area.The population's age structure and the current level of natural reproduction will lead to a fast population decrease beginning in the 2020s. The work force will decrease from 2010 onward. These demographic problems will damage the future economy and competitiveness of Finland, unless immigration is encouraged and actively supported.
The native population of the Americas in 1492
The demographic transition : stages, patterns, and economic implications : a longitudinal study of sixty-seven countries covering the period 1720-1984
A population history of North America
The story of the Australian people
Demographic background of changes in the life patterns of families in the Nordic countries
Strength in numbers : population, reproduction, and power in eighteenth-century France
GIS and population estimates in pre-Roman central Italy
The people of Ireland
Family building and family planning in pre-industrial societies
Population and development in Finland : reply of Finland to the UN second inquiry on population and development
Jabmek and Jabmeaimo : a comparative study of the dead and the realm of the dead in Lappish religion
Studies in the population of Aigina, Athens and Eretria
Perspectives on mobility and travelling : a study of references to functionally-bounds forms of individual movement in non-literary texts from New Kongdom Deir el-Medina
The global community : migration and the making of the modern world
Population in history : essays in historical demography ; edited by D. V. Glass and D. E. C. Eversley
The Census in British India : new perspectives
The Indian caste of Peru, 1795-1940 : a population study based upon tax records and census reports
Constructing communities : the establishment and demographic development of sawmill communities in the Sundsvall district, 1850-1890
Social structure and demographic development in a southern Finnish parish (Lohja) 1810-50
Indicators of social change : concepts and measurements
The reliability of the registration of births and deaths in the Finland eighteenth and nineteenth centuries : some examples
"In March 1946, scientists began to track thousands of children born in one cold week. No one imagined that this would become the longest-running study of human development in the world, growing to encompass five generations of children. Today, they are some of the best-studied people on the planet, and the simple act of observing human life has changed the way we are born, schooled, parent and die. This is the tale of these studies and the remarkable discoveries that have come from them. Touching almost every person in Britain today, they are one of our best-kept secrets."
The demographic transition in Finland
Kingdom of the Sun God : a history of the Andes and their people
Peopling the Russian periphery : borderland colonization in Eurasian history
The demography of Roman Egypt
The changing features of mortality in Finland in the 18th and 19th centuries
Old and new methods in historical demography
The land and people of Finland
Population data on Finland 1900-1985
The Irish establishment, 1879-1914
Population patterns in the past
The changing face of France
Population Data on Finland 1900 - 2008.
Population Data on Finland 1900-2004
The great breakthrough and its cause
Salmonella infections, networks of knowledge, and public health in Britain, 1880-1975
Nordic population mobility : comparative studies of selected parishes in the Nordic countries 1850-1900
English population history from family reconstitution 1580 - 1837
Population development and policy in Finland
A comparison between current Indian fertility and late nineteenth- century Swedish and Finnish fertility
Putting it all on record
The first firangis : remarkable stories of heroes, healers, charlatans, courtesans & other foreigners who became Indian
The economic history of world population
The personality of Britain, its influence on inhabitant and invader in prehistoric and early historic times
Eastern Central Europe in the early Middle Ages : conflicts, migrations and ethnic processes
The slow failure : population decline and independent Ireland, 1922-1973
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Social change in nineteenth-century Russia : family development in a proto-industrial community
Population Data on Finland 1900-2007
Nuptiality and marital fertility during the first phase of industrialization in Finland
Africa is a huge continent, as large as the more habitable areas of Europe and Asia put together. This book takes as its subject the last 10,000 years of African history, and traces the way in which human society on the continent has evolved from communities of hunters and gatherers to the complex populations of today.
Global migration : old assumptions, new dynamics. Vol. 2
A population history of the United States
The population of Finland : a world population year monograph
The Lappish nation : citizens of four countries
Demographic avant-garde : Jews in Bohemia between the Enlightenment and Shoah
Leaving Mesa Verde : peril and change in the thirteenth-century Southwest
The population of the Soviet union : history and prospects
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Demography and nation : social legislation and population policy in Bulgaria, 1918-1944
Food, population and health : global patterns and challenges : proceedings of an Interdisciplinary Symposium on the Dynamics from Prehistory to Present
The state and the stork : the population debate and policy making in US history
Bibliographie internationale de la démographie historique 1979 = International bibliography of historical demography 1979.
Global migration : old assumptions, new dynamics. Vol. 3
The division of the Lapps into cultural areas
The birth of the nation : a portrait of the American people on the eve of independence
Historical ethnographic composition of St. Petersburg and the Leningrad region
Population development in Finland during the 1960's
Crisis and development : an ecological case study of the forest of Arden, 1570-1674
Scottish population history : from the 17th century to the 1930s
Being and becoming Hausa : interdisciplinary perspectives
Yupik transitions : change and survival at Bering Strait, 1900-1960
