http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5355 driving schools
driving schools
Academic freedom
Driving school manual
University autonomy in the Russian federation since Perestroika
The evaluative state, institutional autonomy and re-engineering higher education in Western Europe : the prince and his pleasure
Brave new world : higher education reform in Finland
Financial autonomy in higher education institutions : perspectives of senior management of Finnish AMK institutions
The conceptions of traffic safety among young male drivers
Practical business skills for driving instructors : how to set up and run your own driving school
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
Driving school workbook
Childhood coeliac disease in Estonia, prevalence in atopic dermatitis and immunological characterisation of coexistence
Natural history of celiac disease-associated antibodies and progression to overt disease in children at increased genetic risk
Driving school theory book
Implementing sustainable tourism in third world countries : Case BRC Budget Ethiopia
The role of the schoolteacher in the making of a civic society : two cases from the Grand Duchy of Finland
Auto-ethnographies : the anthropology of academic practices
Whose university is it? : proceedings of a symposium held, 8 June 2005, on the occasion of the 430th anniversary of Leiden University
Driver training type and performance in the driving exam
Abstract.
Driving school is a unique experience and evaluating the potential driving school might begin years before the actual selection. There are several factors that influence this process and the object of this thesis is to describe these factors and present ways to influence them. According to the thesis research, location has the most impact on this selection. Price and friends seemingly don̕ t have such a high power as previously hypothesized. But parents being the paying participant have an input of considerable amount. Driving school of Kaarina, being the oldest driving school in Kaarina generates, according to the research, such a high rate of customer loyalty that the few imperfections found in customer satisfaction research do not cause discrepancies. The overall customer satisfaction in the study case of driving school of Kaarina is good. Pupils perceive the education and teachers as trustworthy and competent. Customer satisfaction and behavior can be influenced in several ways; a good starting point is a survey, as without up-to-date information about customers̕ thoughts and problems, it is impossible to influence them. Among other ideas described in the thesis, a good solution is to take direct mail marketing to newspaper advertising̕ s side, as it is not as despicable as it used to be. By directing the letters to the correct possible customers and by phrasing the message right, a response rate of a hundred percent can be achieved.
Social contagion of autonomous motivation among professional educators : as a resource of leadership in schools
Summary: Freedom of science.
Improving school leadership. Vol. 1, Policy and practice
A new autonomy in European higher education? : an exploration and analysis of the strategy of self-regulation in higher education : keynote speech presented at the 9th Annual European AIR Forum, University of Twente, the Netherlands, August 1987
Summary (s. 9-13).
Impact of English language on the customization of services: case study of driving schools in Kajaani Finland
Financial autonomy of professional higher education institutions : the Finnish AMKs in an international context
Higher education governance in Europe : policies, structures, funding and academic staff
Toward a global autonomous university
Summary.
Summary (s. 7-10).
Selecting a driving school : consumer behavior and satisfaction behind the selection - a case study of Kaarinan autokoulu
Painting from romanticism to realism (The autonomous grand duchy)
Heterogeneity in oligopoly : theories and tests
School bus saves the day
Freedom, equality, university
Summary (s. 64-71).
