http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5354 driving instruction
driving instruction
Practical teaching skills for driving instructors : [develop and improve you teaching, training and coaching skills]
Learning to drive
Driver behaviour and training. Volume IV
Selecting a driving school : consumer behavior and satisfaction behind the selection - a case study of Kaarinan autokoulu
Off-road driving techniques
Driver training type and performance in the driving exam
The conceptions of traffic safety among young male drivers
Total control : high performance street riding techniques
Can drivers really teach themselves? : a practitioner's guide to using learner centred and coaching approaches in driver education
Driving in Finland
Driving school is a unique experience and evaluating the potential driving school might begin years before the actual selection. There are several factors that influence this process and the object of this thesis is to describe these factors and present ways to influence them. According to the thesis research, location has the most impact on this selection. Price and friends seemingly don̕ t have such a high power as previously hypothesized. But parents being the paying participant have an input of considerable amount. Driving school of Kaarina, being the oldest driving school in Kaarina generates, according to the research, such a high rate of customer loyalty that the few imperfections found in customer satisfaction research do not cause discrepancies. The overall customer satisfaction in the study case of driving school of Kaarina is good. Pupils perceive the education and teachers as trustworthy and competent. Customer satisfaction and behavior can be influenced in several ways; a good starting point is a survey, as without up-to-date information about customers̕ thoughts and problems, it is impossible to influence them. Among other ideas described in the thesis, a good solution is to take direct mail marketing to newspaper advertising̕ s side, as it is not as despicable as it used to be. By directing the letters to the correct possible customers and by phrasing the message right, a response rate of a hundred percent can be achieved.
Effects of defensive driving training in a bus company
Traffic school for passenger car drivers
Drive correctly in Finland
Driving school manual
Driving school theory book
Driving school workbook
Traffic instruction for a driver
Noddy and the driving lesson
