http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5357 fingers
fingers
Geographic distribution of intra-specific variation in widespread Eurasian boreo-nemoral woodland herbs
Rational principles of pianoforte technique
Master school of virtuoso piano playing. Volume I, Finger exercises
Magic finger technique. Book 2
SH2 and SH3 domain interactions and characterization of a novel SH3-protein POSH2
The Leschetizky method : a guide to fine and correct piano playing
Magic finger technique. Book 1
Post-traumatic grip reconstruction with toe transfers
Knot thread stitch : exploring creativity through embroidery and mixed media
Magic finger technique. Book 3
Easy Hanon : simplified exercises from Charles-Louis Hanon's The virtuoso pianist
Metacarpophalangeal arthroplasty and partial wrist fusion as a surgical treatment in rheumatoid hand disease
Barry : the fish with fingers
Feltcraft : Making Dolls, Gifts and Toys
Bioabsorbable poly-L/D-lactide 96/4 (PLDLA) implant in hand and forefoot joint in chronic inflammatory arthritis
Vorschule im Klavierspiel : Preparatory school : École préliminaire : op. 101
Crocheted finger puppets
Helping the thumb-sucking child
The fingers and their names in the Iranian languages : onomasiological studies on body-part terms, I
Hand rehabilitation : a quick reference guide and review
Radiographic signs in the TMJ and finger joints in elderly people
A book of scales for the oboe
Tiberius goes to school
My puppet book
Mechanical diagnosis and therapy : the upper limb
The soul of mbira : music and traditions of the Shona people of Zimbabwe : with an appendix: Building and playing a Shona karimba
Mechanics and control of soft-fingered manipulation
The virtuoso pianist : complete : based on the original edition translated from French
Arm knitting
Baby-led weaning : helping your baby to love good food
Cello ABC. Daily cello technique
Mudras : yoga in your hands
Finger painting weekend workshop : a beginner's guide to creating brush-free works of art
Genetic regulatory in avian B cells
ECE recommended standards for stress grading and finger-jointing of structural coniferous sawn timber
Technic lessons : primer level
Dynamic characteristics of the hand, vibrotactile perception, and hand-grip force in the etiology of hand-arm vibration syndrome
Jazz piano technique: exercises, etudes & ideas for building chops
Handbook of fingerprint recognition
On design and implementation of fingerprint-based biometric systems
On the Genetics of Intracranial Aneurysms and on Growth Factor Induced Angiogenesis in the Murine Brain
Schule der Finger-Technik : tägliche Übungen für Pianoforte = School of finger-technic : daily exercises for piano. Band 1 = Vol. 1, Fünffinger-Übungen = Five finger exercises
Master school of virtuoso piano playing. Volume II, Scales
Taping techniques : principles and practice
Select bibliography
Technic lessons. 1, level 1
