http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5368 presentation
presentation
Show & tell : how everybody can make extraordinary presentations
Cult movies. 2, 50 more of the classics, the sleepers, the weird, and the wonderful
Coming attractions : reading American movie trailers
Window display : new visual merchandising
Steal the show : from speeches to job interviews to deal-closing pitches, how to guarantee a standing ovation for all the performances in your life
Rituals of death and dying in modern and ancient Greece : : writing history from a female perspective
Making winning presentations : how to carry the day with confidence and success
Engaging music : essays in music analysis
Asian business customs & manners
Presenting secrets
Why Buddhism? : the evil of religion
How to write a business plan
3D multimedia tour of the Armstrong Siddeley building
The first five minutes : the successful opening moves in business, sales & interviews
Perfect presentations : the essential guide to thinking and working smarter
@Work : English for work and leisure
Student exchange program promotion campaign for Helsinki Business Polytechnics and Stavanger University College
Team Finland media guide : World Championships 1993 Stuttgart 13-22 August
Cult movies. 3, 50 more of the classics, the sleepers, the weird, and the wonderful
The art of the pitch : persuasion and presentation skills that win business
Finnish Music Quarterly 1996:3
Confessions of a museum-addict
Ready made activities for presentation skills
Perfect presentations : a self-development programme : the essential guide to thinking and working smarter
The presentation skills workshop : helping people create and deliver great presentations
Team Finland media guide '94
Portfolios for interior designers : a guide to portfolios, creative resumes, and the job search
Presentation Zen Design : a simple visual approach to presenting in today's world
English for presentations : Multi-ROM
the Anime encyclopedia : a guide to Japanese Animation since 1917
Speak like a CEO : secrets for commanding attention and getting results
Selling in today's economy : applying laws of physics and performance art to gain the cutting edge
"A visual guide to making extraordinary presentations by the acclaimed author of The Back of the Napkin We are all natural born presenters. We have ideas to share, voices to share them, and people to share them with. So why do most of us find public speaking so hard? In this pithy but powerful guide, communication expert Dan Roam provides a simple five-step path to take us from jitters and complexity to confidence and clarity. He explains his tried-and-true visual techniques and the wisdom he has gained from giving award-winning presentations. Roam shows us how to: - Clearly present any idea with simple visuals - Know our audience before we step in front of them - Channel fear into fun"--
" "If I tell you the truth, if I tell it with a story, and if I tell that story with pictures, I can keep you glued to your seat. Let me show you how." For the vast majority of us, giving a presentation is an extremely difficult and nerve-wracking process, whether we're in a one-on-one meeting, a conference room with a dozen strangers, or a lecture hall in front of thousands. But according to Dan Roam, the visual communications expert and acclaimed author of The Back of the Napkin, it doesn't have to be so hard. We struggle when we forget the basic steps we learned in kindergarten: show and tell. In this short but powerful book, Roam introduces a new set of tools for making extraordinary presentations in any setting. He also draws on ideas he's been honing for more than two decades, as an award-winning presenter who has brought his whiteboard everywhere from Fortune 500 companies to tiny startups to the White House. Even if you're already a good speaker, you'll learn more about understanding your audience, organizing your content, building a clear storyline, creating effective visuals, and channeling your fear into fun. And you'll master three fundamental rules: When we tell the truth, we connect with our audience, we become passionate, and we find self-confidence. When we tell a story, we make complex concepts clear, we make ideas unforgettable, and we include everyone. When we use pictures, people see exactly what we mean, we captivate our audience's mind, and we banish boredom. From nailing the opening to leaving a lasting impression, you'll soon be able to give the performance of a lifetime. time after time. "--
The contemporary cruise : style discovery adventure
Advanced selling strategies : the proven system of sales ideas, methods, and techniques used by top salespeople everywhere
Brilliant presentation : what the best presenters know, say and do
Fibula, fabula, fact - the Viking Age in Finland
Effective presentations
How to give a terrific presentation
Protocall toolkit
The library of Ähtäri
Finding love online : a study on British young adults' self-presentation and mate-preferences in online dating
The electric heaters : Handbook(tm)
The USA Book : A Journey Through America
This way to books
Welcome to Jönköping International Business School! : CD-ROM presentation with Microsoft PowerPoint
The art of explanation : making your ideas, products, and services easier to understand
Talk like TED : the 9 public speaking secrets of the world's top minds
Fifty contemporary choreographers
Investment Opportunity : An economic overview for investors and entrepreneurs : Estonia
What to say and how to say it
Designing worksheets : presentation techniques for textile students
Estonian Top Firms 1992-1996 : Economic information : Business directory
Packaging design : graphics, materials, technology
Effective presentations. Teacher's book
Cult movies. [1], The classics, the sleepers the weird, and the wonderful
Complete guide to cruising & cruise ships 2010
TAMK University of Applied Sciences : promotional DVD
Physical education and sports in Finland
Team Finland media guide : 5th World Championships in Athletics 1995.
30 Minutes : ...Before a presentation
A cook's guide to Italian ingredients
3-D Coventry University campus tour
Grand stand 4 : design for trade fair stands
30-second theories  : the 50 most thought-provoking theories in science, each explained in half a minute
Windows : the art of retail display
Building design portfolios : innovative concepts for presenting your work
Tokyo '91 : team Finland
Introducing and Promoting the New Porvoo Campus in Educational Fairs
Inscriptiones Graecae : editio altera
Native Nizhny
Full of essential advice for spotlight lovers and wallflowers alike, this book will teach you how to bring any crowd to its feet. Your day is full of moments when you must persuade, inform, and motivate others. Each of those moments requires you to play a role, to heighten the impact of your words, and to manage your emotions and nerves--if you want to steal the show, that is. Every interaction is a performance, whether you're speaking up in a meeting, pitching a client, or walking into a job interview. Here, best-selling author Michael Port draws on decades of experience as an actor and a popular keynote speaker, to show you how to make the most of every presentation and interaction. You'll learn how the methods of top actors will help you connect with, inspire, and persuade any audience. You'll discover the key strategies for commanding an audience's attention, developing a clear focus for every performance, engaging your listeners, and delivering your message with maximum impact.--Adapted from book jacket.
Finnish Music Quarterly 1997:3 : Crossing Borders
World's best crestive displays : P.O.P. displays
Worldś best creative P.O.P. displays. Vol 2
What every student should know about preparing effective oral presentations
Making presentations
Interpreting the past : presenting archaeological sites to the public
Persuading Aristotle : a masterclass in the timeless art of strategic persuasion in business
Pulp nonfiction
