http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5369 employee pensions
employee pensions
How should pension benefit liabilities and social policy cash transfer liabilities be presented in the government financial statements: current presentation mode or the mode of international IPSAS standards?
How do earnings-related pensions develop? : calculations until 2050
Health and retirement decisions : an update of the literature
Eläkkeellesiirtymisikä Suomen työeläkejärjestelmässä = Pensioneringsålders inom arbetspensionssystemet i Finland = Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme
Class-politics and institutional feedbacks : development of occupational pensions in Finland and Sweden
The disability risk and underlying factors
Eläkkeellesiirtymisikä Suomen työeläkejärjestelmässä [huhtikuussa 2008] = Pensioneringsålders inom arbetspensionssystemet i Finland [april 2008] = Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme [April 2008]
Welfare state and work : work disintensives of pension shemes
Britain's pensions crisis : history and policy
Summary: Report on risks in Finland's employment pension system.
Employers and the flexible retirement age : employer views on the Finnish pension reform in 2005 and older employees' continued work
Abstract.
Income benefits for early exit from the labour market in eight European countries : a comparative study
Early retirement and use of time by older Finns
Pension Systems and Labour Mobility : Portability of Pensions in EU
What is the cost of total pension provision and who pays the bill? : cross-national comparison of pension contributions
Pensions are no solution to the unemployment problem : analysis of the suggested introduction of lower retirement ages as a measure against unemployment
Life expectancy by labor force status and social class : recent period and cohort trends and projections for Finland
National social insurance - not the whole picture : supplementary compensation in case of loss of income
Suomen työeläkevakuutetut. 2014 = Arbetspensionsförsäkrade i Finland. 2014 = Persons insured for an earnings-related in Finland. 2014
Eläkkeellesiirtymisikä Suomen työeläkejärjestelmässä [kesäkuussa 2007] = Pensioneringsålders inom arbetspensionssystemet i Finland [juni 2007] = Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme [June 2007]
The privatization of social policy? : occupational welfare and the welfare state in America, Scandinavia and Japan
Pension prefunding, ageing, and demographic uncertainty
Uncertainty and optimal pension policy
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
A guide to pensions : a comparative analysis of the basic and supplementary pension plans for salaried employees and civil servants in the E.E.C
The development of cause-specific disability pensions in Finland 1972-1978
Navigating through the Finnish pension system
Race for Retirement
Executive summary (s. 9-10).
Reforming worker protections: disability pensions in transformation
Employment and accrued pension rights among the elderly : a peek into the pension registers
Supplementary pensions in the European Union : development, trends and outstanding issues
Eläkkeellesiirtymisikä Suomen työeläkejärjestelmässä = Pensioneringsåldern inom arbetspensionssystemet i Finland = Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme
Suomen työeläkevakuutetut. 2013 = Arbetspensionsförsäkrade i Finland. 2013 = Persons insured for an earnings-related in Finland. 2013
The outlook on supplementary pensions in the context of demographic, economic and social change
Statutory pensions in Finland : long-term projections 2009
Suomen työeläkkeensaajat / Arbetspensionstagare i Finland / Pensionsskyddscentralen = Earnings-related pension recipients in Finland / Finnish Centre for Pensions
New pension law in Finland
Effective retirement age in the earnings-related pension scheme in 1996-2003
Economic incentives and labour market transitions of the aged Finnish workforce
Summary (s. 6).
Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme
Introduction to European social security law
Pension rights in welfare capitalism : the development of old-age pensions in 18 OECD countries 1930 to 1985
Institutional rules, labour demand and disability programme participation
Older workers at the crossroads : early retirement in Finland
Protecting pensions : policy analysis and examples from OECD countries
Pensions and public finances in Finland : a generational accounting perspective
Suomen työeläkevakuutetut / Arbetspensionsförsäkrade i Finland / Pensionsskyddscentralen = Persons insured for an earnings-related pension in Finland / Finnish Centre for Pensions
Summary.
Active ageing and pension system : Finland
Pension funds : retirement-income security, and capital markets : an international perspective
Vakuutusyhtiöt = Försäkringsbolagen = The insurance companies. 2003
Disability retirement : socioeconomic differences and health outcomes
Private pensions in OECD countries : Canada
The Finnish employee's pension
Longevity is increasing : what about the retirement age?
Applying the Swedish pension brake
Reform and challenges for private pensions in Russia
On the social dimension in the context of EC competition law : Reasoning on Albany, article 86(2) EC and the Finnish Earnings-Related Pension Scheme TEL under article 86(2)
Rethinking the welfare state : the political economy of pension reform
Finnish pension reform and intentions of older workers to continue at work
Vakuutusyhtiöt : = Försäkringsbolagen = The insurance companies. 2007
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
From internal market regulation to European labour law
The origins of the ownership society : how the defined contribution paradigm changed America
Race for retirement
Functional and work disability and treatment received by patients with major depressive disorder
Pension governance in Finland : a case study on public and private logics of governance in pension provision
Longevity adjustment of pension benefits
Working-life expectancy in Finland : trends and differentials 2000-2015 : a multistate regression approach
Current trends in disability pensions in Europe : proceedings from a seminar held in Helsinki on 8th April 2003
Abstract (s. 1).
Evaluation of the Finnish pension system. Part 2, The pension system in Finland : institutional structure and governance
Time use and options for retirement in Europe
Pension policy responses to changing division of labour within the family
Summary and conclusions.
Job stability in Finland 1965-2004 : evidence from private sector pension registers
Regulating private pension schemes : trends and challenges
Workers versus pensioners : intergenerational justice in an ageing world
Statutory pensions in Finland : long-term projections 2007
Varma : customer magazine for entrepreneurs
Abstract (1 s.).
Social security incentives, human capital investment and mobility of labor
Education and longer working lives : a longitudinal study on education differences in the late exit from working life of older employees in Finland
Predictors of early retirement : a population-based study in men from Eastern Finland
Unemployment and early retirements of the aged workers in Finland
Studies on wage differentials and labour market transitions
Vakuutusyhtiöt = Försäkringsbolagen = The insurance companies. 2004
