http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5363 mechanical engineering industry
mechanical engineering industry
Maatalouskoneita 50 vuotta = Fifty years of agricultural machinery
In engineering industry, the markets, customer needs and the competitive conditions are  changing increasing speed. If companies like to be profitable, growth or even survive in  these environment changes, organisation core processes must be fluent and work the  most efficient way.In solving given problem of optimal core processes, it was carefully analysed a  particular business area, customer's needs and current status of our own organisational  systems. The definitions of these systems can be simply described as any process that  converts inputs to outputs and add value both to our company and to our customer.  Based to the business area; company, products, customers and competitors analyses it  was formulated company's mission, vision and strategy for the future. Thirdly, based to  the all collected data and created strategy it was determined a successful operating  model, i.e. core processes which enables achieving mission and vision statements.  Adoption of these studies shall lead higher effectiveness, quality level and profitability  in operations. Additionally operative model shall be adapted to potential joint venture  companies. The main improvements comparing the past are clear modes of action and responsibility  roles in customer service, order intake, purchase, manufacturing and shipment  processes.
Abstract.
Conclusion (s. 65-67).
Manufacturing systems : theory and practice
Managing international growth : challenges for the subcontractors in the Finnish metal and engineering industry
The engineering industry : development paths and roles of engineering companies
The Iron Partner
Moving mountains : a history of Partek
The opportunities of a circular economy for Finland
Participation and technological change in the mechanical engineering industry : a European survey
Manufacturing processes for engineering materials
Development of gear grinding cell.
Juko 1949-1999 : maatalouskoneita 50 vuotta = fifty years of agricultural machinery
Metal cutting : research advances
Effects of the First World War on the engineering industries of Estonia and Finland
Paineilman käyttö konepajateollisuudessa = The use of compressed air in workshops
Tampellasta Patriaan : 70 vuotta suomalaista raskasta aseenvalmistusta : 70 years of Finnish heavy weapons production = From Tampella to Patria
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to create a distributor evaluation model with measurable criteria for a Finnish manufacturing company, which conducts marketing, distribution and after-sales activities in export markets through independent distributors. The company is considering entering new markets and one of the major questions the company has encountered in the market entry phase is: How to evaluate and rank the distributor candidates?  The conceptual framework of the thesis compromised of three parts: Theoretical part, qualitative research and final outcome of the thesis. The theoretical part was built on literature and other sources on distribution management, supply chain management and relationship management. They suggest that relationships are the company's most important asset and that proper risk evaluation, both financial and operational, in the partner selection is necessary as being prepared for problems is more efficient than spending precious time in solving problems ad-hoc.  The empirical research was conducted in three phases. First, the researcher interviewed the sales management in the case company about their expectations for an ideal distributor. The second part was to benchmark successful exporters on their processes in selecting, evaluation and maintaining relationships with their distributors. The third part included the introduction of Analytical Hierarchy Process into a distributor selection process. The Analytic hierarchy process is based on human's ability to make decisions on small problems. Based on the case company's expectations and results from benchmarked companies, an ideal distributor profile was drawn. The profile was finally processed using AHP-online software and an evaluation tool with weight of the criteria was created. The tool was tested by submitting information on candidates that the case company previously evaluated when they searched for a distributor in Russia during 2013. The AHP-process demonstrated much clearer difference between the alternatives and changed final ranking order between positions 2 and 3 compared to the original result.  An ideal distributor is an expert in the industry, has an existing customer base and a variety of completing products to serve the target group. Finally, desire and motivation strives distributor to success. Passivation of a distributor is a most common obstacle that exporters face in their distributor relationships. Regular communication and close relationships help to maintain information exchange and sales on desired level.
Manufacturing engineering handbook
Illustrated dictionary of metalworking and manufacturing technology
Pk-teollisuuden kunnossapitopalvelukonseptin kehittämisestä = Development of a maintenance service concept for small and medium-sized industry
Railway wagon market analysis and new multi-purpose wagon solution for freight transports : Finnish manufacturing perspective
Business plan 2012-2016 : case company: X Group
DeGarmo's materials and processes in manufacturing
Orders guarantee that  continues (English summary)
Reliability and maintainability : guideline for manafacturing machinery and equipment
Tampella : Tampere's heart of iron
From a gravel pit to the far reaches of the world : the story of Larox and its founder, Mr Nuutti Vartiainen
Light Assembly Industry LASSI 1996-1999 : final report
Wörterbuch Maschinenbau und Tribologie : Deutsch - English / Englisch - Deutch = Dictionary machine engineering and tribology : german - english / english - german
Market potential for customised tools in the German engineering industry
Empirical analyses of inventory intensity in the Finnish engineering industry
Light Assembly Industry LASSI 1996-1999 : evaluation report
Konepajalla : turkulaisen laivamoottorivalmistuksen historiaa. Forum Marinum vuosikirja 2012 = På motorverkstaden : tillverkningen av fartygsmotorer i Åbo. Stiftelsen Forum Marinum, årsbok 2012 = At the engine factory : the history of ship engine manufacturing in Turku. The Forum Marinum Foundation, Yearbook 2012
Market orientation, corporate culture, and business performance
Manufacturing processes & materials
Die Vielen Wurzeln von Kumera = The many roots of Kumera = Kumeran monet juuret
Die vielen Wurzeln von Kumera : 50 Jahre Noricumwerke Cless, Graz 1898-1948 = The many roots of Kumera : 50 years Noricumwerke Cless, Graz 1898-1948 = Kumeran monet juuret : 50 vuotta Noricumwerke Cless, Graz 1898-1948
Principles of metal manufacturing processes
Distributor evaluation model for new markets
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
Manufacturing change : interdisciplinary research on new models of operation in Finnish industry
Strategy process and a succesfull operating model
Manufacturing technology : materials, processes, and equipment
Barbed wire tightener to Power Plus : colourful years of the Valmet-tractor
The CNC ToolBox : Top Service for Machine Tools
Nyrkkipajasta konepajaksi : Hollming oy Kankaanpään konepajan historiikki 1969-1999 = From a workshop to an engineering works : a history of Hollming Kankaanpää Engineering Works Ltd 1969-1999
Erikkila oy : the first 100 years
Putkityöt konepajatuotteiden valmistuksessa = Pipeworking as a part of manufacturing work-shop products
Forum Marinum vuosikirja. 2012, Konepajalla : turkulaisen laivamoottorivalmistuksen historiaa = På motorverkstaden : tillverkningen av fartygsmotorer i Åbo = At the engine factory : the history of ship engine manufacturing in Turku
Finnish engineering industry companies and the European integration : the impact of the economic integration in Western Europe on the activities of Finnish engineering industry companies
ChiFiLog. Part 3, Proposal for solutions for a Finnish PSP in China
Intelligent energy field manufacturing : interdisciplinary process innovations
Handbook of mathematical, scientific, and engineering formulas, tables, functions, graphs, transforms
Manufacturing engineering and technology
Piston ring tribology : a literature survey
Abstract (1 s.).
Origins of small business metal fabricators and machinery makers in New England, 1890-1957
Konepajalla : turkulaisen laivamoottorivalmistuksen historiaa = På motorverkstaden : tillverkningen av fartygsmotorer i Åbo = At the engine factory : the history of ship engine manufacturing in Turku
Engineering trade specialization of Sweden and other industrial countries : a study of trade adjustment mechanisms of factor proportions theory
