http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5365 mental images
mental images
All he ever wanted : a novel
The hidden order of art : a study in the psychology of artist preception
NLP for rookies
Preparing for an interpreting assignment : an element of an interpreter's expertise
BPS Manual of psychology practicals : Experiment, Observation and Correlation
The social psychology of time : new perspectives
"What does it mean to say that music is deeply moving? Or that music's aesthetic value derives from its deep structure? This study traces the widely employed trope of musical depth to its origins in German-language music criticism and analysis. From the Romantic aesthetics of E. T. A. Hoffmann to the modernist theories of Arnold Schoenberg, metaphors of depth attest to the cross-pollination of music with discourses ranging from theology, geology and poetics to psychology, philosophy and economics. The book demonstrates that the persistence of depth metaphors in musicology and music theory today is an outgrowth of their essential role in articulating and transmitting Germanic cultural values. While musical depth metaphors have historically served to communicate German nationalist sentiments, Watkins shows that an appreciation for the broad connotations of those metaphors opens up exciting new avenues for interpretation".
The hyphenated phrase 'in-visibility' indicates that the visible and the invisible are inseparable and yet in tension with each other. If originating from acts of (in)visibilization, both the visible and the invisible are ethically imbued. Whether we see or overlook each other, respect or dismiss another's dignity, remember or forget a history of crimes against humanity, our (over)sight has an impact on our interaction. What, then, is implied in seeing the human being as created in the image of an invisible God, as imago Dei? Which (re)sources in Judaism and Christianity can counter idolatry in the sense of cognitive captivity and experiences of abandonment after the Shoah? In addressing such questions, this book outlines an ethics of in-visibility in an interdisciplinary dialogue between philosophy and theology, cultural history, art and media theory, sociology, literary and gender studies. Contributors: Christina von Braun, Iben Damgaard, Daniel Dayan, Arne Grøn, Hannes Langbein, Paul Mendes-Flohr, Melissa Raphael, N. Verbin, Alana M. Vincent, Claudia Welz, Christian Wiese, Elliot R. Wolfson.
Mental models : aligning design strategy with human behavior
Reflecting senses : perception and appearance in literature, culture, and the arts
The 7 habits of highly effective people : restoring the character rthic
Head strong : how to get physically and mentally fit
The Luzhin defense
All the names
Echo objects : the cognitive work of images
Thinking visually
Supersense : from superstition to religion - the brain science of belief
Latin American Spanish : beginner
The hidden order of art : a study in the psychology of artistic imagination
Italian : beginner plus
Concepts and schemata : an introduction
Models of visuospatial cognition
Mind mapping for dummies
The vegetarian : a novel
Italian : beginner italian ; beginner plus italian
The self and its brain
The woman upstairs : a novel
Philosophy and the adventure of the virtual : Bergson and the time of life / Keith Ansell Pearson
Unrequited : women and romantic obsession
Looking into pictures : an interdisciplinary approach to pictorial space
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
You
Thirteen steps down
Image and brain : the resolution of the imagery debate
Sensation and perception
Changing visions : human cognitive maps: past, present and future
The compositionality papers
A study of the verbal transformation effect : transformations involving no phonetic distortions
Concepts : where cognitive science went wrong
Imagery, language, and visuo-spatial thinking
NaturGate®, concept mapping and CmapTools : creating global networks of servers improved learning about, in and for nature, ecosystems, biodiversity, and sustainable development
Mind maps at work :  how to be the best at your job and still have time to play
Rethinking identity and metaphysics : on the foundations of analytic philosophy
The 7 habits of highly effective people : personal workbook
Working sites : text, territories and cultural capital in American cultures
The big book of concepts
Sabbath's theater
Tracking the mind's eye : eye movements during mental imagery and memory retrieval
Image and cognition
Mind maps for business : revolutionise your business thinking and practise
You are not so smart : why your memory is mostly fiction, why you have too many friends on Facebook, and 46 other ways you're deluding yourself
The other side of desire : four journeys into the far realms of lust and longing
Belief in psychology : a study in the ontology of mind
The modularity of mind : an essay on faculty psychology
No cure for love
The burden
Fix your life: ...with NLP
The roommate
Cursed
The hidden order of art : a study in the psychology of artistic imaginatic
Imagery in psychology : a reference guide
More flexible ways of using concept maps in classrooms : notes for teachers
Wuthering Heights
Leibniz : representation, continuity and the spatiotemporal
Beliefs : pathways to health & well-being
Learning, creating and using knowledge : concept maps (TM) as facilitative tools in schools and corporations
A materialist theory of the mind
The diving pool : three novellas
Hear the wind sing ; and Pinball, 1973
The Zahir : a novel of obsession
Use your memory
The mind map book
The Borgia ring
Things we have in common
NLP & health : practical ways to bring mind and body into harmony
Mind mapping : kick-start your creativity and transform your life
Architecture and neuroscience
Visual concepts for advertising
Use your head
"This series explores the conceptual frameworks that shape or have shaped the ways in which we understand music and its history, and aims to elaborate structures of explanation, interpretation, commentary, and criticism which make music intelligible and which provide a basis for argument about judgements of value. The intellectual scope of the series is broad. Some investigations will treat, for example, historiographical topics, others will apply cross-disciplinary methods to the criticism of music, and there will also be studies which consider music in its relation to society, culture, and politics. Overall, the series hopes to create a greater presence for music in the ongoing discourse among the human sciences".
Karl Leonhard Reinhold and the Enlightenment
The language of imagination
Metaphors of depth in German musical thought : from E. T. A. Hoffmann to Arnold Schoenberg
Ethics of in-visibility : Imago Dei, memory, and human dignity in Jewish and Christian thought
History of graphic tools presenting concepts and propositions
NLP workbook : a practical guidebook to achieving the results you want
Spanish : beginner plus
"What should be a cozy and fun-filled weekend deep in the English countryside takes a sinister turn in Ruth Ware's suspenseful, compulsive, and darkly twisted psychological thriller.  Leonora, known to some as Lee and others as Nora, is a reclusive crime writer, unwilling to leave her "nest" of an apartment unless it is absolutely necessary. When a friend she hasn't seen or spoken to in years unexpectedly invites Nora (Lee?) to a weekend away in an eerie glass house deep in the English countryside, she reluctantly agrees to make the trip. Forty-eight hours later, she wakes up in a hospital bed injured but alive, with the knowledge that someone is dead. Wondering not "what happened?" but "what have I done?", Nora (Lee?) tries to piece together the events of the past weekend. Working to uncover secrets, reveal motives, and find answers, Nora (Lee?) must revisit parts of herself that she would much rather leave buried where they belong: in the past.  In the tradition of Paula Hawkins's instant New York Times bestseller The Girl On the Train and S. J. Watson's riveting national sensation Before I Go To Sleep, this gripping literary debut from UK novelist Ruth Ware will leave you on the edge of your seat through the very last page"--
Temporal relationships between warmth imagery and associated changes in skin blood flow, temperature, and temperature sensation
Face your fears:  A proven plan to beat anxiety, panic, phobias, and obsessions
"Creating the senses" : sensation in the work of Shelley Jackson
Indivisible selves and moral practise
