http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p537 weather phenomena
weather phenomena
Hurricane!
How dangerous is lightning?
Thunderstorm climatology and lightning location applications in northern Europe
A complete epitome of practical navigation, and nautical astonomy, containing all necessary instructions for keeping a ship's reckoning at sea
The Met Office pocket cloud book
Testing a food protection case by means of a group decision support system
The cloud collector's handbook
Stormy weather
The North Light pocket guide to painting skies
The world of weather
What is a flood?
Tall Buildings : Structural Systems and Aerodynamic Form
One windy day
Nature's fury
Why why why do tornadoes spin?
Pattern of local wind changes in a fell region, northern Finland
Extraordinary weather : wonders of the atmosphere from dust storms to lightning strikes
The Marine observerś handbook
Thunder & lightning : weather past, present, future
Weather
Man and the maritime environment
Catechism of the laws of storms for the use of sea officers ..
Abstract: Spectral properties of solar irradiance affected by weather conditions.
The Usborne encyclopedia of planet Earth
A student guide to climate and weather. 1, Weather extremes
The global warming survival kit : the must-have guide to overcoming extreme weather, power cuts, food shortages and other climate change disasters
On the formation and measurement of rime in Finland
Curious about snow
Extraordinary clouds : skies of the unexpected from the beautiful to the bizarre
Divine wind : the history and science of hurricanes
Highway meteorology
Water : life in every drop
Drought
Extreme weather and climate
Notes on meteorology
Climates and weather explained
The New York Times book of natural disasters
Hurricanes and tornadoes
Water : the essence of life
Weather : the powerful forces and fragile resources of earth
I feared the snow and turned back
The Usborne first encyclopedia of our world
City and wind : climate as an architectural instrument
The weather book : why it happens and where it comes from
The Macmillan encyclopedia of weather
Restless skies : the ultimate weather book
Man, nature and the infinite : the scope of Taoist thunder magic rituals = Dao jiao lei fa
Lights in the sky : identifying and understanding astronomical and meteorological phenomena
Observations of solar wind related climate effects in the Northern Hemisphere winter
Wild weather
Air's appearance : literary atmosphere in British fiction, 1660-1794
Climate variability and extremes during the past 100 years
The Magic School Bus inside a Hurricane
Are you afraid of the dark?
Mesoscale convective systems in Finland
El Niño : the weather phenomenon that changed the world
Campbell's weather compendium
Meteorology for seafarers
Extreme weather : a guide to surviving flash floods, tornadoes, hurricanes, heat waves, snowstorms, tsunamis, and other natural disasters
Frost flower chemical signature in winter snow on Vestfonna ice cap, Nordaustlandet, Svalbard
Cinema as weather : stylistic screens and atmospheric change
Extreme weather
The weather of the future : heat waves, extreme storms, and other scenes from a climate-changed planet
Horrible geography of the world
A student guide to climate and weather. 2, Air masses and weather patterns
The weather handbook
Meteorology manual : the practical guide to the weather
See inside weather and climate
The explorations of Thomas, Grandpa and Mayday the Dog
The chilling stars : a cosmic view of climate change
Photographing weather
The cherrytree book of the earth
Climate variability and the global harvest : impacts of El Niño and other oscillations on agroecosystems
Weather whys : facts, myths, and oddities
The weather factor : how nature has changed history
Extreme weather impact on transport systems
Learn about snow--how snowflakes are formed, why they fall, if each snowflake is really unique, and other facts. Also learn about Wilson A. Bentley, the first person to photograph an individual snowflake. / WorldCat.
Encyclopedia of hurricanes, typhoons and cyclones
Climate change and electricity consumption in Baden-Wuerttemberg : the effects of long-term temperature variations and extreme hot weather events on the demand for electricity
How the weather works
Hurricane & tornado
The weather experiment : the pioneers who sought to see the future
The cloudspotter's guide
Temporal and spatial occurrence of strong winds and large snow load amounts in Finland during 1961-2000
Great British weather disasters
Climate vulnerability : understanding and addressing threats to essential resources. Vol. 1, Vulnerability of human health to climate
Rain clutter filtering with wavelet filter bank
The world's weather
The pocket book of weather : entertainsing and remarkable facts about our weather
The world's weather and climates
The Usborne little encyclopedia of our world
Does anything eat wasps? : and 101 other questions : questions and answers from the popular 'Last Word' column
Earth : our planet from space : pictures of an endangered world
The cosmic viewpoint : a study of Seneca's Natural questions
What on Earth? : wind : explore, create and investigate!
Basic conditions of Taoist Thunder magic = Daojiao lei fa
Invisible in the storm : the role of mathematics in understanding weather
What are rainbows made of? : helping to explain how the weather works
This thesis studies the long-term relation between the solar wind driven energetic particle forcing into the atmosphere and the tropospheric circulation in the Northern Hemisphere winter. The work covers the period of more than one hundred years since the turn of the 20th century to present. The thesis makes a statistical analysis of satellite measurements of precipitating energetic electrons, sunspot number data and geomagnetic activity, and compares them with temperature and pressure measurements made at the Earth's surface.Recent results, both observational and from chemistry climate models, have indicated significant effects in the Earth's middle atmosphere due to the energetic electrons precipitating from the magnetosphere. These effects include the formation of reactive hydrogen and nitrogen oxides in the high latitude mesosphere and the depletion of ozone caused by them. Ozone is a radiatively active and important gas, which affects the thermal structure and dynamics of the middle atmosphere. Accordingly, the depletion of ozone can intensify the large scale stratospheric circulation pattern called the polar vortex. Winter weather conditions on the surface have been shown to be dependent on the polar vortex strength.This thesis shows that there is a significant relation between the average fluxes of medium energy (ten to hundred keVs) precipitating electrons and surface temperatures in parts of the Northern Hemisphere in winter time. Temperatures are positively correlated with electron fluxes in North Eurasia and negatively correlated in Greenland during the period 1980-2010 which is covered by direct satellite observations of precipitating particles. This difference is especially notable when major sudden stratospheric warmings and the quasi-biennial oscillation (QBO), which both are known to affect the polar vortex strength, are taken into account. When extended to the late 19th century, the analysis shows that a similar temperature pattern is predominated during the declining phase of the sunspot cycle. The high speed solar wind streams and energetic particle precipitation typically maximize also at the declining phase of the solar cycle. This specific temperature pattern is related to the variability of the northern annular mode (NAM), which is the most significant circulation pattern in the Northern Hemisphere winter. Before the space era, geomagnetic activity measured by ground observations can be used as a proxy for energetic particle precipitation. Earlier studies have found a significant positive correlation between geomagnetic activity and NAM since the 1960s. We find that, when the QBO measured at 30 hPa height is in the easterly phase, a positive correlation is extended to the beginning of 1900s. We also show that high geomagnetic activity causes a stronger effect in the Northern Hemisphere winter than high sunspot activity, especially in the Atlantic and Eurasia.A comprehensive knowledge of the Earth's climate system and all its drivers is crucial for the future projection of climate. Solar variability effects have been estimated to produce only a small factor to the global climate change. However, there is increasing evidence, including the results presented in this thesis, that the different forms of solar variability can have a substantial effect to regional and seasonal climate variability. With this new evidence, the solar wind related particle effects in the atmosphere are now gaining increasing attention. These effects will soon be included in the next coupled model inter comparison project (CMIP6) as an additional solar related climate effect. This emphasizes the relevance of this thesis.
Storms and hurricanes
Abstract (1 s.).
Tell me why rain is wet
Atmosphere, weather and climate
Painting the effects of weather
The wrong kind of snow : how the weather made Britain
The Rough guide to weather
What is a hurricane?
Improvements of severe weather measurements and sensors : EUMETNET SWS II Project
