http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5388 neglect
neglect
"In Economies of Abandonment, Elizabeth A. Povinelli explores how late liberal imaginaries of tense, eventfulness, and ethical substance make the global distribution of life and death, hope and harm, and endurance and exhaustion not merely sensible but also just. She presents new ways of conceptualizing formations of power in late liberalis - the shape that liberal governmentality has taken as it has responded to a series of legitimacy crises in the wake of anticolonial and new social movements and, more recently, the "clash of civilizations" after September 11. Based on longstanding ethnographic work in Australia and the United States, as well as critical readings of legal, academic, and activist texts, Povinelli examines how alternative social worlds and projects generate new possibilities of life in the context of ordinary and extraordinary acts of neglect and surveillance. She focuses particularly on social projects that have not yet achieved a concrete existence but persist at the threshold of possible existence. By addressing the question of the endurance, let alone the survival, of alternative forms of life, Povinelli opens new ethical and political questions"--Back cover.
Child abuse and culture : working with diverse families
Medical negligence law : seeking a balance
Tort liability for psychiatric damage : the law of "nervous shock"
Caring for abused and neglected children : making the right decisions for reunification or long-term care
Tort law statutes
Effective working with neglected children and their families : linking interventions to long-term outcomes
Demonstrates Dr. Crenshaw's approach to recontextualize the act of injustice that has occurred in the client family. The offender must come to think of his or her behavior as wrongful, and the victim must come to see what has happened as just a small part of a larger life picture. This restorative justice model helps children and families come to a new understanding of what has happened to them.
Jackson & Powell on professional negligence : second cumulative supplement to the fifth edition up-to-date until September 2003
Violations of trust : how social and welfare institutions fail children and young people
Selected readings in family nursing from the Finnish perspective II
The psychologically battered child
Proactive child protection and social work
Child neglect : practice issues for health and social care
Child protection : an introduction
Safeguarding childhood : early intervention and surveillance in a late modern society
Gender and child protection
Parents who neglect children present considerable challenges to child welfare professionals, and are often resistant to change. There is little evidence available on what works. This book addresses an urgent need to ensure that social care interventions provide better long term outcomes for neglected children across services. Based on a substantial research study into social care provision for children, it provides a insight into the experiences of neglected children over a period of five years, examining the responsiveness of parents and children to social care support and their progress. Close-focus study of the decisions made on either side of services - by the children, the parents, the caregivers and related social and healthcare professionals - shows what works and what doesn't, in the long term. This study highlights gaps in provision for neglected children after the initial referral stage, the risks and potential for professional interventions and how well the child protection system and the courts protect children. The study suggests ways that local authorities and other professionals can meet the complex needs of the children most likely to fall through the safety net, the factors related to good outcomes for them and how to improve safeguarding strategies within and beyond children's services.
An abbreviated life : a memoir
Certain aspects of civil liability : report drawn up the Sub-committee on Fundamental Legal Concepts set up by the European Committee on Legal Co-operation (CCJ)
Raising parents : attachment, parenting and child safety
The silence of constitutions : gaps, "abeyances" and political temperament in the maintenance of government
Neglected : true stories of children's search for love in and out of the care system
Certain aspects of civil liability : report drawn up by the Sub-Committee on Fundamental Legal Concepts set up by the European Committee on Legal Co-operation (CCJ)
The maltreatment of the school-aged child
Help! : they need somebody!
Imagine that
Evidential uncertainty in causation in negligence
Corporate governance and accountability
The kid
The spin
The gift
Tainted love
C. Henry Kempe : a 50 year legacy to the field of child abuse and neglect
Manufacturing "bad mothers" : a critical perspective on child neglect
Tort
Responsibility and fault
The true story of two neglected little children saved from abuse and transformed by the love and care of foster mother Maggie Hartley.
Safeguarding babies and very young children from abuse and neglect
Charlesworth & Percy on negligence
Child abuse : towards a knowledge base
C. Kameshwara Rao's Treatise on law of damages and compensation along with law of negligence : being a critical and explanatory treatment of the principles of the measure of damages for breach of contracts and civil wrongs. 3
Psychological approaches to child abuse
The child in mind : a child protection handbook
Child abuse and neglect : attachment, development and intervention
Criminal law theory in transition : Finnish and comparative perspectives = Strafrechtstheorie im Umbruch : Finnische und vergleichende Perspektiven
International medical malpractice law : a comparative study of civil liability arising from medical care
The children of neglect : when no one cares
Recognizing and helping the neglected child : evidence-based practice for assessment and intervention
Prosocial behavior and redistributive preferences
Markesinis and Deakin's tort law
The abuse of elderly people : a handbook for professionals
Family violence across the lifespan : an introduction
Psychotherapy of abused and neglected children
Helping abused and traumatized children : integrating directive and nondirective approaches
Winfield and Jolowicz on tort
Working with children who have experienced neglect or abuse
Challenging social responsibilities for child abuse and neglect : 12th ISPCAN European Regional Conference on Child Abuse and Neglect : final programme and abstracts : 18-21 September 2011, Tampere, Finland
Child maltreatment and paternal deprivation : a manifesto for research, prevention, and treatment
Genie : a scientific tragedy
Quiet desperation : the effects of competition in school on abused and neglected children
Jackson and Powell on professional negligence
This volume is the first book in the new series, Child Maltreatment: Contemporary Issues in Research and Policy. This first volume focuses on the legacy of the work of C. Henry Kempe, M.D., the pediatrician widely credited with galvanizing public and private attention to abused and neglected children. 2012 marks 50 years after the appearance of the foundational article by C. Henry Kempe and his colleagues. The Battered- Child Syndrome. This volume capitalizes on this 50 years anniversary to stand back and assess the field from the perspective of Dr. Kempe's early contributions that are still being played out in research, practice and policy today. Dr Kempe produced many influential publications. The volume uses four key publications to solicit commentary and reflection on the field.
Tiny Prisoners: Two siblings trapped in a world of abuse. One woman determined to free them
Japan's dark side to progress : the struggle for justice for pharmaceutical victims of Japan's post war economic boom
Statutory torts
Negligence in the civil law
Emotional and psychological abuse of children
Child neglect : identification and assessment
A multi-theoretical perspective on IS security behaviors
Child abuse and neglect : the school's response
The duty to rescue : the jurisprudence of aid
Jackson and Powell on professional negligence : 1st cumulative supplement to the 5th edition up-to-date until November 2002
Economies of abandonment : social belonging and endurance in late liberalism
Tort law
Bailout : an inside account of how Washington abandoned Main Street while rescuing Wall Street
The wrongs of tort
The Kaspar Hauser syndrome of "psychosocial dwarfism" : deficient statural, intellectual, and social growth induced by child abuse
Elder abuse and neglect : causes, diagnosis, and intervention strategies
