http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5387 domestic violence
domestic violence
The deterrent effect of arrest in domestic violence : differentiating between victim and perpetrator response
Domestic violence and health care : what every professional needs to know
Postcards from Cedar Key
Harper stared at her reflection in disbelief. Her instinct was to scream, because the woman staring back at her was unrecognisable, a bruised and bloody mess. But she didn’t scream, she didn’t dare, it would have hurt too much. She didn’t cry either. Her face was so painfully tender that she was scared to move even a muscle. Is it a good lesson to learn? she wondered. How could her marriage have come to this? How on earth did it end up this way?
The mental health consequences of torture
Tiny Prisoners: Two siblings trapped in a world of abuse. One woman determined to free them
Abstract: Domestic violence in children's narratives : how do children talk about domestic violence in therapy groups, and what do they say?.
The impact of family violence on children and adolescents
Confessions of a crap artist : Jack Isidore (of Seville, Calif.) :a chronicle of verified scientific fact, 1945-1959
Once in a house on fire
Breaking the silence : European campaign against domestic violence
Women in marital conflict : a casework study
Trauma-organized systems : physical and sexual abuse in families
The drowning game : a novel
Locked in a violent embrace : understanding and intervening in domestic violence
S is for Silence
The comprehensive theory- and research-based guidelines provided in this text help answer the personal and professional questions therapists have as they provide competent clinical treatment to clients who have experienced family violence. It presents academic, scholarly, and statistical terms in an accessible and user-friendly way, with useful take-away points for practitioners such as clarifying contradictory findings, summarizing major research-based implications and guidelines, and addressing the unique clinical challenges faced by mental health professionals. Both professionals and students in graduate-level mental health training programs will find the presentation of information and exercises highly useful, and will appreciate the breadth of topics covered: intimate partner violence, battering, child maltreatment and adult survivors, co-occurring substance abuse, the abuse of vulnerable populations, cultural issues, prevention, and self-care. Professionals and students alike will find that, with this book, they can help their clients overcome the significant traumas and challenges they face to let their strength and resilience shine through. -- Amazon.com web site.
Domestic violence : a multi-professional approach for healthcare practitioners
Confronting a victim of intimate partner violence in nursing care : a literature review
The Legacy of the Bones
Strategies for confronting domestic violence : a resource manual
Why does he do that? : inside the minds of angry and controlling men
Domestic violence and maternal child health
Beyond blame : child abuse tragedies revisited
Violence against women in the family
Ending the cycle of violence : community responses to children of battered women
Feminist perspectives on wife abuse
Abuse of the elderly : a guide to resources and services
Journal of interpersonal violence
Change your name and disappear : a terrifying true tale of survival
The street
The wild truth : the secrets that drove Chris McCandless into the wild
Violence against children : physical child abuse in the United States
Violence and responsibility : the individual, the family and society
Empowering survivors of abuse : health care for battered women and their children
Men, masculinity and domestic violence in India : summary report of four studies
Married by force
Issues for debate in family violence : selections from CQ researcher
Family group conferencing : new directions in community-centered child and family practice
Lonely girl
Domestic violence and social work
Working together for better integration : immigrants, police and social work
Tainted love
When dad hurts mom : helping your children heal the wounds of witnessing abuse
Call me home : a novel
Run, mummy, run : a novel inspired by a true story
Murder in the name of honour : the true story of one woman's heroic fight against an unbelievable crime
The battered child
The book of fate
Woman battering as marital act : the construction of a violent marriage
The dark side of families : current family violence research
Poly-victimization as a life condition : correlates of poly-victimization among Finnish children
When 'love' strikes : social sciences, ethics and theology on family violence
Childhood experiences of domestic violence
Helping battered women : new perspectives and remedies
Bone meal for roses
This charming man
A child called "it"
Summer of the cicada
Violence against women is a global problem and despite a wealth of knowledge and inspiring action around the globe, it continues unabated. Bringing together the very best in international scholarship with a rich variety of pedagogical features, this innovative new textbook on violence against women is specifically designed to provoke debate, interrogate assumptions and encourage critical thinking about this global issue. This book presents a range of critical reflections on the strengths and limitations of responses to violent crimes against women and how they have evolved to date. Each section is introduced with an overview of a particular topic by an expert in the field, followed by thoughtful reflections by researchers, practitioners, or advocates that incorporate new research findings, a new initiative, or innovative ideas for reform. Themes covered include: advances in measurement of violence against women, justice system responses to intimate partner violence and sexual assault, victim crisis and advocacy, behaviour change programs for abusers, and prevention of violence against women. Each section is supplemented with learning objectives, critical thinking questions and lists of further reading and resources to encourage discussion and to help students to appreciate the contested nature of policy. The innovative structure will bring debate alive in the classroom or seminar and makes the book perfect reading for courses on violence against women, gender and crime, victimology, and crime prevention.
A deafening silence : hidden violence against women and children
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Violence in the home
Poppy was six years old when she was rescued from her abusive mother and taken to her grandparents' farm to recover. There, under a wide South African sky, Poppy succumbs to the magic of their garden. Slowly, her memories fade and her wounds begin to heal. But as Poppy grows up into a strange, fierce and beautiful young woman, her childhood memories start to surface. And then a love affair with a married carpenter across the valley explodes her world. This is a lush, lyrical novel about a young girl's struggle to come to terms with her past.
Touched
The Neapolitan novels. Book 1, My brilliant friend
What have I done?
The lost boy : a foster child's search for the love of a family
Understanding child abuse
The letter
Anahita : based on a true story
Neglected : true stories of children's search for love in and out of the care system
Violence in the lives of adolescents
Silence of the grave
Women-initiated community level responses to domestic violence : summary report of three studies
The priest of evil
Family therapy in changing times
The almond : [the sexual awakening of a muslim woman]
Adolescent's experiences of parental violence in Danish and Finnish families : a comparative perspective
The eye of the sheep
Treatment of family violence : a sourcebook
Battered women as survivors
The race
Damaged : the heartbreaking true story of a forgotten child
If they could see me now
What I did
Child abuse and the courts : Finnish and Swedish experiences
Kriterii kačestva social'noj raboty s žertvami semejnogo nasiliâ : opyt Rossii i Finlândii = Criterions of quality a social work with victims of family vilonce : an experience of Russia and Finland
Responding to family violence : a comprehensive, research-based guide for therapists
Following her mother's untimely and mysterious death, Delia embarks on a voyage of discovery through the streets of her native Naples searching for the truth about her family.
Child protection and domestic violence
Web of violence : a study of family violence
This fully-revised second edition looks at how practitioners and students can achieve best-practice when working with vulnerable adults. The first part of the book explores the evolution of concepts and policies for safeguarding adults, with particular reference to the Human Rights Act 1998 and the Capacity Act 2005. In the second section the focus shifts to good practice in empowering vulnerable adults. The final section focuses on developing effective professional and inter-professional practice.
Response based approaches to the study of interpersonal violence
One fateful night changes the course of a child's life forever... Rosie's mother is a cruel woman and has Rosie's kind and loving father wrapped around her finger. Though John Tanner does his best to protect her, Rosie often bears the brunt of her mother's rage. And his protection can't last forever. In one tragic moment Rosie's fragile world is shattered. Grieving and alone, Rosie is thrust into a harsh reality, and she must face the obstacles that fate has set in her path. But secrets will out, and Rosie must uncover the shocking truth behind her mother's cruelty before she can hope for the love and happiness she deserves.
Fighting against violence
Family violence : prevention and treatment
It could happen to anyone : why battered women stay
Safeguarding adults in social work
Battered wives : why are they beaten and why do they stay?
Victim-offender mediation in cases of intimate relationship violence-ideals, attitudes, and practices in Finland
Violence and the family
Family Violence is a comprehensive, multi-disiplinary work that brings together in one source many findings from years of scientific research. Dr. Pagelow introduces various theories of the cuases of family violence; in addition she explores child abuse and neglects, spouse abuse, adolescent abuse, abuse of elderly partents, and the various types of sexual abuse in the family. The work is a summary of research in sociology, psychology, law, women's studies, family studies, social work, medicine, and counseling. It is essential reading for social workers, counselors, and others who are concerned with the causes, identification, and prevention of the many types of family violence.
Heaven on earth : a journey through Shari'a law
Domestic violence : a health care issue?
The true story of two neglected little children saved from abuse and transformed by the love and care of foster mother Maggie Hartley.
Provoked : the story of Kiranjit Ahluwalia
Behind closed doors : a true story of abuse, neglect and survival against the odds
Domestic violence in postcommunist states : local activism, national policies, and global forces
A thousand splendid suns
When bonding fails : clinical assessment of high-risk families
Recognise, protect and act : recommendations for the prevention of interpersonal and domestic violence : how to guide and lead local and regional activities in social and health care services
Dealing with domestic violence
No longer a secret : the Church and violence against women
The abusive partner : an analysis of domestic battering
Family violence from a communication perspective
Exercises in transversalism : reflections on a Nordic and NW-Russian network for crisis centres in Barents
Old age abuse : a new perspective
Domestic violence : the criminal justice response
Seeking a way out of the cage : underprivileged women and domestic violence in Bangladesh
Psychodynamic perspectives on abuse : the cost of fear
This book is about the experience of individuals who have been abused or who have abused others, but it also traces the way an abusive experience can organize a family or professional system so that changes Are difficult to achieve. Arnon Bentovim has been in the forefront of the child abuse field for many years, and he discusses in this volume the way his thinking has changed to incorporate the ideas from the feminist movement and the constructionist family therapists. He looks at the way victimizing actions and the traumatic effects of abuse combine to create a trauma-organized system, which includes the individual, the family, the professional helpers, the community, and the cultural values. The author describes the characteristics of these systems and a diagnostic procedure to help the workers plan the treatment. In order to help such a family, he proposes that interventions need to be made at the different levels of this system, and the book outlines various treatment approaches, such as group work for victims and perpetrators, marital and family therapy, and individual work, particularly to clarify the issue of personal responsibility. The book is illustrated by case studies and transcripts from therapy sessions to clarify the specific techniques Bentovim uses to treat such families.
Family violence : research and public policy issues
Girl child and family violence
Midwinter sacrifice
Domestic violence in Finland and in Spain
A year after arresting Jason Medina for the rape and murder of his step-daughter, Detective Inspector Amaia Salazar has one last duty to complete before starting her maternity leave attending Medina's trial. Then the trial is suddenly called off.
Mapping the legislation and assessing the impact of protection orders in the European Member States
Council of Europe Convention on Preventing and Combating Violence against women and domestic violence : Istanbul, 11.V.2011 = Convention du Conseil de l'Europe sur la prévention et la lutte contre la violence à l'égard des femmes et la violence domestique
Kvinnomisshandel : en indexerad bibliografi = Woman battering : a bibliography with index
Domestic violence as a risk factor for becoming a street child in post war south Sudan
Family violence
Mental health interventions and services for vulnerable children and young people
Understanding family violence : treating and preventing partner, child, sibling, and elder abuse
Troublesome differences-dealing with gendered violence, ethnicity and 'race' in the Finnish welfare state
Intervention for men who batter : an ecological approach
The playroom
Working with violent families : a guide for clinical and legal practitioners
Marital violence : the community response
Fatwa : living with a death threat
Abused and battered : social and legal responses to family violence
Gender roles and domestic violence : narrative analysis of social construction of gender in Uganda
Ending men's violence against their partners : one road to peace
Restorative justice and family violence
Pushed
Abstract.
Domestic violence and protecting children : new thinking and approaches
Prevention of intimate partner and domestic violence 2004-2007
Tensions in combating violence against women in the East-West Transregion of Barents : the "man question"
Children and violence : nature, consequences and interventions
Violence in the family : an annotated bibliography
Family violence against children : a challenge for society
The long road home
Humanistic Marketing is a response to the currently growing mega-trend call for rethinking marketing. The book organizes current thinking around the problems of marketing theory and practice as well as solutions and ways forward, providing a diverse exploration of the position of marketing in the face of challenges for societal transformation.
The critical link 3 : interpreters in the community : selected papers from the third International Conference on Interpreting in Legal, Health and Social Service Settings, Montréal, Québec, Canada 22-26 May 2001
Echo burning
Krizisnye centry i nasilie v otnošenii ženŝin = Crisis centres and violence against women : abstracts of reports at the seminars 23 - 27 November 2001, Oulu-Rovaniemi, Finland
Crime and justice : a review of research. Vol. 11, Family violence
Tony Hogan bought me an ice cream float before he stole my ma
Critical issues on violence against women : international perspectives and promising strategies
You don't know me
Abstract (s. 7-8)
Picking up the pieces after domestic violence : a practical resource for supporting parenting skills
The adverse effects of domestic violence on psychosocial well-being
Program evaluation and family violence research
Policing "domestic" violence : women, the law and the state
In this volume, the authors present an overview of the innovative work taking place in relation to domestic violence and child protection. This book looks at new prevention initiatives and how interventions for children exposed to domestic violence have been developed. It shows how services for abusive fathers have evolved and provides discussion and critique of a number of new initiatives in the field of interagency risk assessment. With international perspectives and examples drawn from social care, health care and voluntary sectors, this book brings together established ideas with recent thinking to provide an authoritative summary of current domestic violence and child protection practice. As a valuable source of guidance on how to work safely with children living with domestic violence, this is a key reference for social workers, health professionals and policy makers.
Understanding victimology
Every so often a love story comes along to remind us that sometimes, in our darkest hour, hope shines a candle to light our way... Tina Craig longs to escape her violent husband. She works all the hours God sends to save up enough money to leave him, also volunteering in a charity shop to avoid her unhappy home. Whilst going through the pockets of a second-hand suit, she comes across an old letter, the envelope firmly sealed and unfranked. Tina opens the letter and reads it - a decision that will alter the course of her life for ever...Billy Stirling knows he has been a fool, but hopes he can put things right. On 4th September 1939 he sits down to write the letter he hopes will change his future. It does - in more ways than he can ever imagine...The Letter tells the story of two women, born decades apart, whose paths are destined to cross and how one woman's devastation leads to the other's salvation.
A child called "It"
Building strengths and skills : a collaborative approach to working with clients
Violence against women and girls : lessons from South Asia
Crisis intervention strategies
Troubling love
Domestic violence in diverse contexts : a re-examination of gender
Violence against women : vulnerable populations
A time to remember
