http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5389 intimate partner violence
intimate partner violence
Abstract and summary: Love endures all things? Violence between spouses, suffering and alleviation of suffering from the viewpoint of women and men.
How intimate partner violence affects children : developmental research, case studies, and evidence-based intervention
The novels of Gillian Flynn : Sharp objects ; Dark places
Knowledge, experience, and ruling relations : studies in the social organizations of knowledge
Blackstone's guide to the Domestic Violence, Crime and Victims Act 2004
Sammanfattning (Swedish summary).
Summary (s. 3-4).
Violence against women and girls : lessons from South Asia
The gift of fear : survival signals that protect us from violence
Women exposed to acute physical intimate partner violence seeking care at emergency departments
Understanding violence
Johdanto (s. 9-10).
Responding to intimate violence against women : the role of informal networks
We must choose life : writings by Namibian women on culture, violence, HIV and Aids
The doctor and the woman "who fell down the stairs" : family doctor's role in recognising and responding to intimate partner abuse
Family interventions in domestic violence : a handbook of gender-inclusive theory and treatment
Violence, vulnerability and embodiment : gender and history
Abstract: Confronting a Victim of Intimate Partner Violence in Nursing Care, A literature review.
Restorative justice and violence against women
Picking up the pieces after domestic violence : a practical resource for supporting parenting skills
Gender equality policies in Finland
Rethinking violence against women
Summarising introduction (s. 11-12).
Poverty, battered women, and work in U.S. public policy
Marital violence : an English family history, 1660-1857
Being stalked : recognizing post-separation stalking and helping its victims.
Confronting a victim of intimate partner violence in nursing care : a literature review
Abused men : the hidden side of domestic violence
Men's explanations for intimate partner violence : how intimately violent men explain their violence, and how the explanations and their changes are related to treatment outcome in the Jyväskylä Model treatment group for intimately violent men
"Nothing to look back at that isn't painful or sick" : portrayals of domestic violence in Roddy Doyle's The woman who walked into doors and Marian Keyes' This charming man
Men's experiences of violence in Finland 2009
Prevention of intimate partner and domestic violence 2004-2007
Women in marital conflict : a casework study
Subjectively evaluated effects of domestic violence on well-being in clinical populations
"I want to find a way to create and show art that depicts the terror and rage and healing on a very direct level," Sue Martin says in a statement that reflects the views of most contributors to this difficult-to-categorize volume. Conceived at a California conference that attempted to reassert feminism after the Reagan/Bush years, so much emphasis is placed on art as a therapeutic tool that the creative act seems secondary. Many of the "artworks" included here are instead summaries of performances and installations. Poems by Wanda Coleman seem an extension of her prose diatribe about black life in Hollywood. Many writers discuss the police term "NHI" (no human involved) often used to write off the murders of prostitutes--a concept actualized by contrasting the failure to locate the murderer of 45 prostitutes in California with the rapid conviction of Aileen Wuornos, a Florida woman, for the murder of five men.
Dating violence : young women in danger
Equality with a vengeance : men's rights groups, battered women, and antifeminist backlash
Domestic violence : a multi-professional approach for healthcare practitioners
Being stalked : recognizing post-separation stalking and helping its victims
Addressing intimate partner violence : guidelines for health professionals in maternity and child health care
Exploring the conditions under which children, as a function of their own abuse, become abusive themselves.
Agentive responsibility and possibilities of conjoined therapy for intimate relationship violence
From Global to Grassroots looks at how transnational activism aimed at combating violence against women is being used to instigate changes in local practice. Focusing on the case of the European Union, this study provides empirical and intersectional feminist analysis of the transnational processes that connect global and grassroots advocacy efforts, with a particular emphasis placed on the roles played by regional organizations and networks. Over the past several decades, the complex and evolving system of EU multilevel governance has provided new venues for women's transnational activism. Despite a predominantly economic focus, the EU has undertaken various initiatives that utilize different tools of authority to combat violence against women. This book first traces the processes by which violence against women became a European Union issue, examining the role played by global movements and organizations as well as European advocates within and outside of EU institutions. Second, it explores and analyzes the different strategies that the EU has utilized to influence its member and candidate states to change their practices. Third, it evaluates the impact that these strategies have had at the local level by investigating the interaction of international and regional efforts with domestic characteristics. The regional and positional variation provided by the expansion of the EU allows comparative leverage for exploring how different strategies, power relationships, and domestic circumstances interact to provide a range of responses in member and candidate states. While other studies have emphasized formal policy change as evidence that domestic change has occurred, this study looks beyond the rhetoric to examine the extent to which violence against women is addressed, paying special attention to the ways in which different strategies may impact particular groups of women.
"Intimate" violence against women : when spouses, partners, or lovers attack
Child abuse : an interactional event
Coercive control : the entrapment of women in personal life
The adverse effects of domestic violence on psychosocial well-being
Despite significant accomplishments over the past 35 years, antiviolence activists know that justice for most abused women remains elusive. Most victims do not call the police or seek help from the courts, making it crucial to identify new ways for survivors to find justice. This path-breakting book examines new justice pracitves for victims that are being used in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. These informal, dialogue-based practices, referred to as "restorative justice", seek to decrease the role of the state in responding to crime, and increase the involvement of communities in meeting the needs of victims and offenders. Restorative justice is most commonly used to address youth crimes and is generally not recommended or disallowed for cases of rape, domestic violence, and child sexual abuse. Nevertheless, restorative practices are beginning to be used to address violent crime ... (Quelle: Text Verlag / Verlag).
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Battering and abuse of women have usually been treated as an acute problem for women themselves. Accordingly, help and support have primarily been trageted at the women affected and also their children. This is self-evidently right and reasonable in itself, but it often overshadow the fact that violence is actually a man's problem. In finding solutions, account must be taken of the need for the batteres themselves to receive treatmkent. Production of this book has been supported within Operation Kvinnofrid, the Swedish government's program focusing on violence against women, in accordance with commitments made at Beijing in 1995.
Recommendations for the prevention of interpersonal and domestic violence : recognise, protect and act : how to guide and lead local and regional activities in social and health care services
The seductions of quantification : measuring human rights, gender violence, and sex trafficking
Recognise, protect and act : recommendations for the prevention of interpersonal and domestic violence : how to guide and lead local and regional activities in social and health care services
A deafening silence : hidden violence against women and children
Abstract: Nurses perceptions about early intervention in domestic violence: an interview study.
When women sexually abuse men : the hidden side of rape, stalking, harassment, and sexual assault
Violence to women from known men : policy development, interagency approaches and good practice - policy development and implementation seminars final report
Researching gender violence : feminist methodology in action
This charming man
Interpersonal violence : differences and connections
Sexual violence and violent relationships : the sexualisation of violence withing relationships
Locked in a violent embrace : understanding and intervening in domestic violence
Positions constructed for a female therapist in male batterers' treatment groups
Handbook of violence
Interaction and therapeutic interventions in treatment groups for intimately violent men
From violence to caring : gendered and sexualized violence as the challenge on the life-span : conference proceedings
Dorothy Smith is considered one of the most original sociologists and theorists of our time, and her writings have attracted much attention in Europe and the US as well as in Canada. This collection of original essays, written by scholars who worked or studied with Smith, exemplifies Smith's approach to social analysis. Each author takes an empirical approach. Some analyse texts (the maps and documents of land-use planning, photographs, an influential history of British India, reports of a task force on battered women); some draw on interviews (with clerical workers, with Japanese corporate wives), while others (an AIDS activist, a teacher of adult literacy, a social worker) reflect on personal experiences. In each case we are introduced to specific themes in Smith's approach. The essays put Smith's method to work in diverse ways and in the process offer intriguing insights into their topics. This tribute to Smith's empowering contribution as a thinker and teacher reveals how empirical studies can illuminate concepts usually presented in the abstract. As the first compilation of applications of Smith's methodology, this is a landmark work in the developing field of the social organization of knowledge.
Never screw up
From global to grassroots : the European Union, transnational advocacy, and combating violence against women
Recovering from intimate partner violence : systematic literature review
Intimate partner abuse and health professionals : new approaches to domestic violence
The purpose of the study was to describe the experiences of registered nurses working in the reception of primary health care about their own abilities of recognizing and broaching violence against women in relationships. We also included the necessity of further education to the study. The material was collected by using the methods of focused interview by interviewing two registered nurses in the reception of primary health care who have been working 9-22 years. The acquired materials were analyzed by inductive material-oriented analyzing method. Results show that registered nurses experience recognition and broaching of domestic violence challenging and difficult without physical signs. Registered nurses experience that they need more charges and education about domestic violence. The use of questionnaires about violence was seen useful. Experience of domestic violence issues were seen helpful and important. Based on the results there is a small amount of further education and it was needed. Different kind of questionnaires was seen useful for broaching. In the future there could be developed a thesis as a project about recognition and broaching of domestic violence. The thesis could be a guide book or an education day. It would be also interesting to study from children ́s perspectives the experiences of living in a violent family or the effects of registered nurse ́s own background and own experiences to broaching.
Sex and violence : the meanings and gendering of sex acts in the treatment groups for intimately violent heterosexual men
Summary.
Domestic violence and sexuality : what's love got to do with it?
Family violence and nursing practice
Domestic violence and criminal justice
A cicumpolar case : networking against gender violence across the East-West border in the Euorpean North
Family violence across the lifespan : an introduction
Positions constructed in specialist health care for patients experiencing intimate partner violence
Men, women and violence : understanding and changing violent behavior ; a report from Mancentrum in Stockholm
Being Stalked: Recognizing Post-Separation Stalking and Helping its Victims.
Send me no flowers
Feminist perspectives on family law
The public nature of private violence : the discovery of domestic abuse
Critical condition : women on the edge of violence
Crimes of sexual nature perpetrated by adult females against males constitutes a serious problem in our society. A woman can rape a man, and this crime occurs far more often than most imagine. This book addresses an entire range of crimes beyond just rape, however; stalking, sexual harassment, and sexual assault, and sexual coercion are all covered in detail. The book illuminates the long-overlooked subject of adult female against adult male sex crimes. Combining personal accounts, information on criminal cases, relevant research on adult female against adult male sexual offenses, and statistical data from the FBI and other government sources, the authors comprehensively document how some women can be aggressive sexual predators, just like their male counterparts; highlight the changes in the criminal behavior of women; and provide fascinating stories of true crime as well as shocking revelations about human behavior.
Intimate partner violence : beliefs and psychological predictors of intensions to intervene among the Swedish general public
Response based approaches to the study of interpersonal violence
Change your name and disappear : a terrifying true tale of survival
Intergenerational cycles of trauma and violence : an attachment and family systems perspective
Psychopathic traits and intimate partner violence : connections with likelihood of offending and specific offense behaviors
Rebuilding lives after domestic violence : understanding long-term outcomes
Sex, violence, and crime : Foucault and the "man" question
Humanistic Marketing is a response to the currently growing mega-trend call for rethinking marketing. The book organizes current thinking around the problems of marketing theory and practice as well as solutions and ways forward, providing a diverse exploration of the position of marketing in the face of challenges for societal transformation.
A language older than words
Violence against wives : a case against the patriarchy
Discussions of Fatherhood in Male Batterer Treatment Group
Yhteinen maailma - kaukana toisistaan : tiivistelmä YK:n Väestörahaston vuosiraportista The state of world population 2000
Dialogical conversations on power abuse in couples treatment for intimate partner violence : a qualitative analysis of positions and dominance used in conversations
English summary: A violent relationship, clientdom and change.
Preventing violence : research and evidence-based intervention strategies
Positions constructed for a female therapist in male batterers' treatment group
Listening to battered women : a survivor-centered approach to advocacy, mental health, and justice
Woman-to-woman sexual violence : does she call it rape?
Fragmented intimacy : addiction in a social world
Gender and violence in close relationships : an explorative study on gender and intersectional perspectives in the European Commission
Tiivistelmä. - Abstract.
Child psychiatric patients affected by intimate partner violence and child abuse : disclosure, prevalence and consequenses
Working with violence : policies and practices in risk assessment and management
From violence to caring : gendered and sexualized violence as the challenge on the life-span : abstracts
The batterer as parent : addressing the impact of domestic violence on family dynamics
