http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5384 maltreatment
maltreatment
Raising parents : attachment, parenting and child safety
Writing to survive : how teachers and teens negotiate the effects of abuse, violence, and disaster
Anthropology of childhood and youth : international and historical perspectives
Child protection systems : international trends and orientations
New directions in child abuse and neglect research
Children are the most criminally victimized segment of the population, and a substantial number face multiple, serious poly-victimizations during a single year. Despite the fact that the priority emphasis in academic research and government policy has traditionally gone to studying juvenile delinquents, children actually appear before authorities more frequently as victims than as offenders. At the same time, the media and many advocates have failed to note the good news: rates of sexual abuse, child homicide, and many other forms of victimization declined dramatically after the mid-1990s, and some terribly feared forms of child victimization, like stereotypical stranger abduction, are remarkably uncommon. The considerable ignorance about the realities of child victimization can be chalked up to a field that is fragmented, understudied and subjected to political demagoguery. In this persuasive book, David Finkelhor presents a comprehensive new vision to encompass the prevention, treatment and study of juvenile victims, unifying conventional subdivisions like child molestation, child abuse, bullying and exposure to community violence.Developmental victimology, his term for this integrated perspective, looks at child victimization across childhood's span and yields fascinating insights about how to categorize juvenile victimizations, how to think about risk and impact, and how victimization patterns change over the course of development. The book also provides a valuable new model of society's response to child victimization - what Finkelhor calls the Juvenile Victim Justice System - and a fresh way of thinking about barriers that victims and their families encounter when seeking help. These models will be very useful to anyone seeking to improve the way we try to help child victims.
Domestic abuse across the lifespan : the role of occupational therapy
The sins of the nation and the ritual of apologies
Street kid fights on : she thought the nightmare was over
Caring for abused and neglected children : making the right decisions for reunification or long-term care
Black Beauty
Child maltreatment and paternal deprivation : a manifesto for research, prevention, and treatment
Child abuse and culture : working with diverse families
A man of genius
"Each year, child protective services receive reports of child abuse and neglect involving six million children, and many more go unreported. The long-term human and fiscal consequences of child abuse and neglect are not relegated to the victims themselves -- they also impact their families, future relationships, and society. In 1993, the National Research Council (NRC) issued the report, Under-standing Child Abuse and Neglect, which provided an overview of the research on child abuse and neglect. New Directions in Child Abuse and Neglect Research updates the 1993 report and provides new recommendations to respond to this public health challenge. According to this report, while there has been great progress in child abuse and neglect research, a coordinated, national research infrastructure with high-level federal support needs to be established and implemented immediately. New Directions in Child Abuse and Neglect Research recommends an actionable framework to guide and support future child abuse and neglect research. This report calls for a comprehensive, multidisciplinary approach to child abuse and neglect research that examines factors related to both children and adults across physical, mental, and behavioral health domains--including those in child welfare, economic support, criminal justice, education, and health care systems--and assesses the needs of a variety of subpopulations. It should also clarify the causal pathways related to child abuse and neglect and, more importantly, assess efforts to interrupt these pathways. New Directions in Child Abuse and Neglect Research identifies four areas to look to in developing a coordinated research enterprise: a national strategic plan, a national surveillance system, a new generation of researchers, and changes in the federal and state programmatic and policy response."--Publisher's description.
Sanctions and sanctuary : cultural perspectives on the beating of wives
The eye of the sheep
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to describe the harmful effects of parental substance abuse from child perspective as having to grow up in a substance abusing family is considered as child maltreatment. In addition, the trends in parental substance abuse and the children's visibility in the treatment cycle were stressed as the data was gathered from Järvenpää Addiction Hospital's children's treatment documents.    This study is of qualitative nature including 80 treatment documents from two decades that were processed using content analysis. The theoretical framework was drawn from the attachment theory and especially concentrating on the attachment disturbances.    The findings were reflected against earlier studies and the attachment theory. The results indicated that the four major emotional harms that had risen from previous studies were visible in the treatment documents as well; insecurity, restlessness, anxiety and aggression. Additionally, the children had frequently encountered different traumatising experiences such as domestic violence that then had exposed them to psychosomatic symptoms.    To conclude, the attachment relationship between the parent and the child plays a significant role in the child's development and the substance abuse of a parent may cause attachment disturbances to the child. Therefore, the child perspective in a substance abusing family should not be belittled as the children are habitually suffering severe harm that may affect them throughout their lifespan.
Made of stars
The grass is singing
Demonstrates Dr. Crenshaw's approach to recontextualize the act of injustice that has occurred in the client family. The offender must come to think of his or her behavior as wrongful, and the victim must come to see what has happened as just a small part of a larger life picture. This restorative justice model helps children and families come to a new understanding of what has happened to them.
Shame and the captives
The kid : a true story
Children of battered women
Family violence and nursing practice
Preventing child maltreatment : community approaches
Patterns of child abuse : how dysfunctional transactions are replicated in individuals, families, and the child welfare system
Working with children who have experienced neglect or abuse
Child abuse and neglect : attachment, development and intervention
Don't hit the child! : national action plan to reduce corporal punishment of children 2010-2015
Hidden scandal, secret shame : torture and ill-treatment of children
The death of bees
Preventing child maltreatment through social support : a critical analysis
The lived experience of violation : how abused children become unhealthy adults
Chesapeake blue
Child protection in Chinese societies : challenges and policies
Into the free : a novel
Child protection assessment following serious injuries to infants : fine judgements
Working with 'denied' child abuse : the resolutions approach
Urhea Musta = Black Beauty
Children as victims
Risk in child protection : assessment challenges and frameworks for practice
The maltreatment of the school-aged child
Nursing for wellness in older adults : theory and practice
Tell me what happened. : structured investigative interviews of child victims and witnesses
Enduring injustice
Immunomodulatory changes in depression, adverse childhood experiences and sleep disturbances
Reactive, but not proactive aggression predicts victimization among boys
Childhood victimization : violence, crime and abuse in the lives of young people
Developmental psychopathology : from infancy through adlolescence
Safeguarding adults and children with disabilities against abuse
The colour of milk
Emotional and psychological abuse of children
Bringing together evidence from 15 Western and non-Western societies - ranging from hunter-gatherers to urban Americans - this book examines wife-beating from a worldwide perspective. Cross-cultural comparison aims to give a more accurate picture of cultural influences on wife-battering and to show the commonalities and differences of the phenomenon across world cultures. The authors offer hypotheses concerning the cultural factors that facilitate or discourage wife-beating. The book is intended for scholars and students in anthropology, women's studies and disciplines such as psychology, sociology, public health, nursing and social work, where both scholarship and clinical practice are concerned with the prevention, treatment and elimination of interpersonal violence.
The Kaspar Hauser syndrome of "psychosocial dwarfism" : deficient statural, intellectual, and social growth induced by child abuse
Association between drinking and victimisation  among Finnish adolescents : estimating the  extent of the spurious effect
The welfare of children
Effects of victimization from friends and antipathies on children's self-esteem, peer beliefs, and internalizing problem behaviors
My story : A child called "it" ; The lost boy ; A man named Dave
Domestic violence in the lives of children : the future of research, intervention, and social policy
Safeguarding older people from abuse : critical contexts to policy and practice
Queen Margot. 3 : Endangered love
The psychologically battered child
The harmful effects of parental substance abuse on children
The child abusers : research and controversy
Child abuse : an interactional event
The Harmful Effects of Parental Substance Abuse on Children
Poverty, battered women, and work in U.S. public policy
Child protection practice
Genie : a scientific tragedy
Behind closed doors : a true story of abuse, neglect and survival against the odds
Neglected : true stories of children's search for love in and out of the care system
Working with traumatic memories to heal adults with unresolved childhood trauma : neuroscience, attachment theory and Pesso Boyden system psychomotor psychotherapy
The abuse of elderly people : a handbook for professionals
The horrors of the half-known life : male attitudes toward women and sexuality in nineteenth-century America
Psychological approaches to child abuse
Free from lies : discovering your true needs
Child neglect : practice issues for health and social care
Creative therapies with traumatized children
Kicked out
Developmental psychopathology : from infancy through adolescence
Black Beauty : the autobiography of a horse
The kid moves on
Child protection, public health and nursing
The cellar
Help! : they need somebody!
How do practitioners step up to the professional challenge of keeping children safe? Leading author Harry Ferguson draws on his own research, personal experience and real-life case studies to challenge the way we think about child protection. This highly original and engaging book captures the daily reality of practice within life's most personal spaces, and offers a rare insight into the lived experience of working with vulnerable children, their parents and other carers. Blending diverse ideas from across the social sciences, the book addresses some of the key issues faced by practitioners today: a- How do you navigate the private areas of a child's life -- their home, their bedroom, their emotional world? a- What do you do when confronted with parents or carers who are resistant, aggressive or deceitful? a- Why is appropriate touch an essential element of relating to children, and how can you develop the professional resilience to use it effectively? An inspiring declaration of the need for a new, intimate approach to child protection, this ground-breaking book lays the foundations of skilful, authoritative practice. It is a must for any student or practitioner within this challenging field.
Why be happy when you could be normal?
The devil in the corner
Bleeding Heart Square
T is for trespass
Psychotherapy of abused and neglected children
The stone boy
The true story of two neglected little children saved from abuse and transformed by the love and care of foster mother Maggie Hartley.
Effective child protection
An annotated bibliography on child rights with particular emphasis on South Asia
Children of hope : a survivor's story
Ageing, crime and society
Roadmap for the prevention of maltreatment of persons with intellectual and/or multiple disabilities : evaluating and diagnosis = Roteiro para a prevenção de maus-tratos a pessoas com deficiência intelectual e/ou multideficiência : avaliação e diagnóstico
Dani's story : a journey from neglect to love
Tainted love
The children of neglect : when no one cares
Abuse and violence towards young children : perpectives on research and policy
Tiny Prisoners: Two siblings trapped in a world of abuse. One woman determined to free them
An examination of childhood trauma and its surreptitious, debilitating effects by one of the world's leading psychoanalysts.
Picking up the pieces after domestic violence : a practical resource for supporting parenting skills
Terrified : the heartbreaking true story of a girl nobody loved and the woman who saved her
Torture and cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment in relation to the death penalty
Feminizing venereal disease : the body of the prostitute in nineteenth-century medical discourse
Child abuse : medical diagnosis and management
No way out
The relationship between ageing and crime has been a much neglected issue, the focus rather being on youth. This books aims to redress this imbalance, bringing together a group of leading authorities to address key issues on the subject of crime and ageing, considering older people as both victims and perpetrators of crime, and looking too at conditions faced by older prisoners. The book draws upon both criminology and gerontology, as well as sociology and social policy, to help understand the complex relationship between ageing and the criminal justice system, and argues that the needs of elders must be far more firmly on the penal policy agenda than is the case currently. Ageing, Crime and Society will be concerned with 'unsilencing' a group who because of their age and status have been muted by the criminal justice system.
Death in Sunset Grove
The body never lies : the lingering effects of hurtful parenting
Clinical work with traumatized young children
