http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5383 territorial conquest
territorial conquest
Israel's occupation
Manifest destiny's underworld : filibustering in antebellum America
Cry havoc is an asymmetric, card driven area control game for 2-4 players. Each player controls one of the four unique species and fights viciously to gather the most resources on the planet. Players customize their decks of cards, build powerful structures, and leverage their unique Skills to emerge victorious.
Spatiality, sovereignty and Carl Schmitt : geographies of the Nomos
Drawing on recent studies of the links between empire, colonialism, and genocide, Nazi Empire: German Imperialism and Colonialism from Bismarck to Hitler examines German history from 1871 to 1945 as an expression of the aspiration to imperialist expansion and the simultaneous fear of destruction by rivals. Acknowledging the important differences among the Second Empire, the Weimar Republic, and the Third Reich, Shelley Baranowski nonetheless reveals a common thread: the drama of German imperialist ambitions that embraced ethnic homogeneity over diversity, imperial enlargement over stasis, and "living space" as the route to the biological survival of the German Volk.
"This gripping and well-documented account of the history of the town of Vilnius and its surrounding region from the Polish ultimatum of March 1938, which forced Lithuania to open diplomatic relations with Poland, to the incorporation of Lithuania into the Soviet Union in June 1940 is set against the evolution of Lithuania's relations with her neighbours during this crucial period. It is a major contribution to the outbreak of war in September 1939 and the subsequent evolution of Nazi Soviet relations. Prof. Liekis presents a remarkable history based on archival sources never before utilized in any English-language study. In revealing the geopolitical, ideological, economic, social and ethnic dimensions of an immense tragedy in the heart of Europe, the author provides a new perspective on the unraveling of a society and nation during the initial days of World War II as prelude to the most violent period in European history."--Publisher's description.
Understanding Russian nature : representations, values and concepts
Territorial changes and international conflict
"This work brings together geographers, and Schmitt experts who are attuned to the spatial dimensions of his work, to discuss his 1950 work The Nomos of the Earth in the International Law of the Jus Publicum Europaeum. Explaining the growing audience for Schmitt's work, a broad range of contributors also examine the Nomos in relation to broader debates about enmity and war, the production of space, the work of Michel Foucault and Giorgio Agamben, and the recuperability of such an intellect tainted by its anti-Semitism and links to the Nazi party. This work will be of great interest to researchers in political theory, socio-legal studies, geopolitics and critical IR theory"
Frontiers of possession : Spain and Portugal in Europe and the Americas
Cry Havoc
Illegal annexation and state continuity : the case of the incorporation of the Baltic states by the USSR : a study of the tension between normativity and power in international law
American frontiers : cultural encounters and continental conquest
The right of conquest : the acquisition of territory by force in international law and practice
1939 : the year that changed everything in Lithuania's history
A history of development of Tibet
Irredentism and international politics
The American West : a concise history
"The writings of Carl Schmitt (1888-1985) are now indissociable from both an historical period and a contemporary moment. He will forever be remembered for his association with the National Socialists of 1930s Germany, and as the figure whose writings on sovereignty, politics, and the law provided justification for authoritarian, decisional states. Yet at the same time, the post-September 2001 world is one in which a wide range of scholars have increasingly turned to Schmitt to understand a world of "with us or against us" Manichaeism, spaces of exception which seem to be placed outside the law by legal mechanisms themselves, and the contestation of a uni-polar, post-1989 world. This attention marks out Schmitt as one of the foremost emerging theorists in critical theory and assures his work a large and growing audience. The aim of this book is to bring together geographers, and Schmitt experts who are attuned to the spatial dimensions of his work, to discuss The Nomos of the Earth in the International Law of the Jus Publicum Europaeum (Schmitt, 1950 [2003]). This longest of Schmitts published works saw him expand his interests from domestic to international law"
Conquest : how societies overwhelm others
Nazi empire : German colonialism and imperialism from Bismarck to Hitler
