http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5385 sexual harassment
sexual harassment
Everyday sexism in the third millenium
The politics of sexual harassment : a comparative study of the United States, the European Union, and Germany
Sexual harassment : conceptual and methodological reflections
Told, denied and silenced. young people's interpretations of conflicts and gender in school
Research on violence, threats and bullying as health risks among health care personnel : proceedings from the workshop for Nordic researchers in Reykjavik, 14-16 August, 1994
Researching sexual violence against women : methodological and personal perspectives
Handbook of workplace violence
Crimes of sexual nature perpetrated by adult females against males constitutes a serious problem in our society. A woman can rape a man, and this crime occurs far more often than most imagine. This book addresses an entire range of crimes beyond just rape, however; stalking, sexual harassment, and sexual assault, and sexual coercion are all covered in detail. The book illuminates the long-overlooked subject of adult female against adult male sex crimes. Combining personal accounts, information on criminal cases, relevant research on adult female against adult male sexual offenses, and statistical data from the FBI and other government sources, the authors comprehensively document how some women can be aggressive sexual predators, just like their male counterparts; highlight the changes in the criminal behavior of women; and provide fascinating stories of true crime as well as shocking revelations about human behavior.
Allowed to care, allowed to intervene : sexual harassment in sports
Sexual solicitation of children and adolescents in chat rooms
The lynching of language : gender, politics, and power in the Hill-Thomas hearings
Family violence
The dark side of courtship : physical and sexual aggression
Sexist harassment as an issue of gender equality politics and policies at university
Gender, sexuality and violence in organizations : the unspoken forces of organization violations
Sexual discrimination and sexual harassment in the work place
Sexual harassment : a selected, annotated bibliography
Sexual subordination and state intervention : comparing Sweden and the United States
Sexual harassment in sport : impact, issues and challenges
From violence to caring : gendered and sexualized violence as the challenge on the life-span : abstracts
Men's use of sexuality to exercise power over women has been a central arena for feminist analysis and political action throughout this century. Sexual harassment, a key strategy in this exercise of power, has been named and resisted by feminists for more than two decades. While considerable gains have been made, the contemporary backlash also poses a considerable threat - in the face of which, the development of more sophisticated theory and more effective practice regarding sexual harassment is essential. Collectively, the chapters in this book offer a range of new insights and strategies for advancing the feminist struggle against sexual harassment in the late 1990s.
Diversity - an opportunity in working life : guide to promoting equality and preventing discrimination in the workplace
How to combat sexual harassment at work : a guide to implementing the European Commission code of practice
Discusses what constitutes sexual harassment, looks at traditional methods of fighting, back, and examines women's and men's roles in modern society.
Misbehaviour and dysfunctional attitudes in organizations
The particularities of women's career development in Russia
Sex-based harassment in schools : taken for granted or a pedagogical challenge?
First things first
Violence against women and children : vision, innovation and professionalism in policing, VIP guide
School bullying : new perspectives on a growing problem
Gender in the mirror : cultural imagery and women's agency
Sexual harassment : women speak out
Gendered conflicts in secondary school : fun or enactment of power?
Microaggressions in everyday life : race, gender, and sexual orientation
Sexual harassment in the workplace : perspectives, frontiers and response strategies
Sexual bullying : gender conflict and pupil culture in secondary schools
The wrongs of tort
Gendered and sexualised violence in educational environments
Sex offenders and the Internet
"Gendertrolling arises out of the same misogyny that fuels other "real life" forms of harassment and abuse of women. This book explains this phenomenon, the way it can impact women's lives, and how it can be stopped"--
Faith, hope, battering : a survey of men's violence against women in Finland
Feminist accused of sexual harassment
The Egyptian Moral Turmoil and Women's Rights : an Explanatory Research on the Phenomenon of Sexual Harassment
Business ethics. Vol. 2, Fairness and justice in the workplace
Sexual harassment in higher education : reflections and new perspectives
Everyday morality : an introduction to applied ethics
Democracy in the kitchen : regulating mothers and socialising daughters
"...Sometimes flatters, sometimes confuses, sometimes makes angry, sometimes makes laugh..." : nurses' and nursing students' experiences on inappropriate patient sexual behaviour
Comparing adult-youth and adult-adult online sexual solicitation : manipulative behaviors, situational factores, and outcomes
Lifting a ton of feathers : a woman's guide to surviving in the academic world
Conflict in the workplace and sexual harassment
Compliance
Sexual harassment : contemporary feminist perspectives
Sexual violence in conflict and post-conflict societies : international agendas and African contexts
Georgie Porgie : sexual harassment in everyday life
The causes of school violence
Remembering conquest : feminist/womanist perspectives on religion, colonization, and sexual violence
Global perspectives and key debates in sex and relationships education : addressing issues of gender, sexuality, plurality and power
A vast conspiracy : the real story of the sex scandal that nearly brought down a president
Gender and sexuality in the workplace
Male victims of sexual assault
The death of faith
When women sexually abuse men : the hidden side of rape, stalking, harassment, and sexual assault
From violence to caring : gendered and sexualized violence as the challenge on the life-span : conference proceedings
Confidential confessions. Volume two
OECD panel group on women, work and health : national report, Finland
The recovered memory/false memory debate
Sexual harassment on campus : a guide for administrators, faculty, and students
The philosophy of sex : contemporary readings
"You may be surfing the internet and come across a topic being discussed in the comments of an article that you care deeply about, say, perhaps, recycling. You read people debating whether it really makes a difference to recycle, given the scope of environmental problems on the planet. Fair enough. But then someone starts contributing what seem to you as inane or irrational posts. This person writes that he (you won't know the gender, but trolls are most often male ) never recycles and encourages his friends not to recycle, even going so far as to throw unrecyclable materials in recycling containers he sees so as to destroy others' attempts at recycling. He expresses scorn for people who care about the planet and swears that he leaves his car running "just to piss off those dirty eco-hippies." You become incensed and start explaining to him that environmental concerns are real and provide data and links to sites with solid and well-researched information about environmental issues. But it seems that the more information you provide, the more outrageous his claims are and the more insulting he becomes. You become angry and insult him back, telling him he is illogical, stupid, and obtuse, and asking him to educate himself on these topics. But he continues to spout his insulting and infuriating nonsense. In response, you become increasingly frustrated, but nothing you say seems to have any effect on his stance. In all probability, you've been trolled"--
Intersecting power relations in teachers' experiences of being sexualized or harassed by students
In the company of men : male dominance and sexual harassment
Physical sexual harassment as experienced by children at school in Northern Finland and Northwest Russia
A speaking postcard : essays on a sexual harassment case : publicity in the press
Family Violence is a comprehensive, multi-disiplinary work that brings together in one source many findings from years of scientific research. Dr. Pagelow introduces various theories of the cuases of family violence; in addition she explores child abuse and neglects, spouse abuse, adolescent abuse, abuse of elderly partents, and the various types of sexual abuse in the family. The work is a summary of research in sociology, psychology, law, women's studies, family studies, social work, medicine, and counseling. It is essential reading for social workers, counselors, and others who are concerned with the causes, identification, and prevention of the many types of family violence.
This collection features new and original research on the range of sexism still faced every day by women in US society. It documents oppression across ethnic, racial, class, and sexual orientation groups in a wide range of gendered spaces, including the home, the workplace, unions, educational institutions, and the Internet. Exploring the way these different but related systems of oppression interact, the editors come to view sexism not as a static thing, but as part of a "dialectic of domination" in which women are simultaneously oppressed and capable of oppressing others through their discourse and practice. With its broad range of approaches, its focus on discourse and experience in gendered spaces, and its debunking of the personal and societal fictions of gender, this book goes a long way toward explaining why sexism is still so pervasive in everyday life.
Sex & business
Children and young people who sexually abuse others : current developments and practice responses
Lifting a Ton of Feathers is not only a survival guide, it is also a destroyer of academic myths about women's career chances in the university, and a revelation of the catch-22 positions in which women find themselves. Caplan demonstrates that while many women believe that when they fail it is their fault, their fate is more likely to be sealed by their encounter with the male environment, and by the manner in which they are tossed about by it. She aims to help women avoid self-blame and understand the real sources of their problems. Readers will find the information about the mine-field of academia for women infuriating, but the means of telling it highly entertaining. Women account for more than half of all undergraduate students in the US and Canada, yet they make up only 10 per cent of faculty members at the level of full professor. What happens to women between freshman level, the tenure track, and the ensuing following professional years that keeps them out of the highest levels of academia? Paula Caplan is herself a veteran of the academic career struggle, and she sets out to explore this question with not only her own observations but also those of many women whom she has interviewed, and with a strong backing of established research. With these tools she provides a clear-eyed assessment of what women who have embarked on an academic career, and those who are considering it, may expect.
The gender line : men, women, and the law
This is the first anthology to take a theoretical look at violence against women. Each essay shows how philosophy provides a powerful tool for examining a difficult and deep-rooted social problem. Stanley G. French, Wanda Teays, and Laura M. Purdy, all philosophers, present a familiar phenomenon in a new and striking fashion. The editors employ a two-tiered approach to this vital issue. Contributors consider both interpersonal violence, such as rape and battering; and also systemic violence, such as sexual harassment, pornography, prostitution, and violence in a medical context. The editors have further broadened the discussion to include such cross-cultural issues as rape in war, dowry deaths, female genital mutilation, and international policies on violence against women. Against this wide range of topics, which integrate personal perspectives with the philosophical, the contributors offer powerful analyses of the causes and effects of violence against women, as well as potential policies for effecting change.
Experiences of students and practicing nurses with inappropriate patient sexual behaviour
Health and safety at work : an essential guide for managers
North country
The importance of being innocent : why we worry about children
Headscarves and hymens : why the Middle East needs a sexual revolution
Intimacy : an international survey of the sex lives of people at work
Gendertrolling : how misogyny went viral
Consent to sexual relations
Subtle sexism : current practice and prospects for change
Combating sexual harassment at work
The laws of love : a brief historical and practical manual
Discrimination in housing
Identifying child molesters : preventing child sexual abuse by recognizing the patterns of the offenders
Bullying and other dysfunctional behaviour at the workplace and at school
Systematically examining and documenting the range of discriminatory behaviour that many women experience on a daily basis, the editor of this volume demonstrates how subtle sexism devalues women and limits their work. Nijole V Benokraitis also explains how these practices can be challenged and changed. The four parts cover: the continuing significance of sexism; subtle sexism in organizational settings; subtle sexism as social control; and how to change subtle sexism practices.
Sexual harassment of working women : a case of sex discrimination
Sexual harassment at the workplace in the European Union
Sexual harassment is overwhelmingly a problem of women workers. It has nothing to do with normal interaction between the sexes: it denotes scorn of another person, and is used to establish or prove power over others. Sexual harassment produces feelings of revulsion, violation, disgust, anger and powerlessness. Good managers know that it is in the long-term interest of the enterprise to ensure that their employees are treated with respect. While effective legal remedies are necessary, it is also important to ensure that the problem ceases, or better still, never starts. Thus, preventive measures are especially important. This issue of the Conditions of Work Digest is essential reading for employers, personnel managers, trade unionists and all those in governmental and non-governmental circles who are committed to justice and dignity at work.
Violence against women : philosophical perspectives
Equality in Finnish-speaking theatres : surveying the perceptions and experiences of company actors
Violence against women : an EU-wide survey : results at a glance
For countless numbers of women, the Anita Hill-Clarence Thomas hearings opened the gates of denial, & long-repressed memories came tumbling out. In this anthology of women s sexual harassment stories, women write not only of their experiences but also of how they responded to them. Some went into extreme depression or experienced physical symptoms; some fought back; some denied the harassment was happening, wanting to believe it was unintentional or something they themselves provoked. Some found humorous & creative ways of dealing with the harasser.
Organizational misbehaviour
