http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5390 assault and battery
assault and battery
Shifting the blame : how victimization became a criminal defence
Child maltreatment : theory and research on the causes and consequences of child abuse and neglect
Nobody's There
Trafficking and prostitution reconsidered : new perspectives on migration, sex work, and human rights
The hunter's oath
The worst scars are on the inside : methods for counteracting violence against women
The comprehensive theory- and research-based guidelines provided in this text help answer the personal and professional questions therapists have as they provide competent clinical treatment to clients who have experienced family violence. It presents academic, scholarly, and statistical terms in an accessible and user-friendly way, with useful take-away points for practitioners such as clarifying contradictory findings, summarizing major research-based implications and guidelines, and addressing the unique clinical challenges faced by mental health professionals. Both professionals and students in graduate-level mental health training programs will find the presentation of information and exercises highly useful, and will appreciate the breadth of topics covered: intimate partner violence, battering, child maltreatment and adult survivors, co-occurring substance abuse, the abuse of vulnerable populations, cultural issues, prevention, and self-care. Professionals and students alike will find that, with this book, they can help their clients overcome the significant traumas and challenges they face to let their strength and resilience shine through. -- Amazon.com web site.
Beautiful : a beautiful girl, an evil man, one inspiring true story of courage
Safeguarding babies and very young children from abuse and neglect
Killing the beloved : homicide between adult sexual intimates
A child called "it"
Understanding child abuse
Assessing woman battering in mental health services
It could happen to anyone : why battered women stay
Bringing together evidence from 15 Western and non-Western societies - ranging from hunter-gatherers to urban Americans - this book examines wife-beating from a worldwide perspective. Cross-cultural comparison aims to give a more accurate picture of cultural influences on wife-battering and to show the commonalities and differences of the phenomenon across world cultures. The authors offer hypotheses concerning the cultural factors that facilitate or discourage wife-beating. The book is intended for scholars and students in anthropology, women's studies and disciplines such as psychology, sociology, public health, nursing and social work, where both scholarship and clinical practice are concerned with the prevention, treatment and elimination of interpersonal violence.
The politics of child abuse
Why kids kill parents : child abuse and adolescent homicide
Recovered memories of abuse : true or false?
One good turn
Understanding and preventing campus violence
Patterns of child abuse : how dysfunctional transactions are replicated in individuals, families, and the child welfare system
Beyond blame : child abuse tragedies revisited
The rules of attribution and the private military contractors at Abu Ghraig : private acts or public wrongs?
Psychological approaches to child abuse
In this volume, the authors present an overview of the innovative work taking place in relation to domestic violence and child protection. This book looks at new prevention initiatives and how interventions for children exposed to domestic violence have been developed. It shows how services for abusive fathers have evolved and provides discussion and critique of a number of new initiatives in the field of interagency risk assessment. With international perspectives and examples drawn from social care, health care and voluntary sectors, this book brings together established ideas with recent thinking to provide an authoritative summary of current domestic violence and child protection practice. As a valuable source of guidance on how to work safely with children living with domestic violence, this is a key reference for social workers, health professionals and policy makers.
Harper stared at her reflection in disbelief. Her instinct was to scream, because the woman staring back at her was unrecognisable, a bruised and bloody mess. But she didn’t scream, she didn’t dare, it would have hurt too much. She didn’t cry either. Her face was so painfully tender that she was scared to move even a muscle. Is it a good lesson to learn? she wondered. How could her marriage have come to this? How on earth did it end up this way?
Sex and violence : a novel
The battered child
Women in marital conflict : a casework study
Picking up the pieces after domestic violence : a practical resource for supporting parenting skills
No way out
Childhood victimization : violence, crime and abuse in the lives of young people
Childhood experiences of domestic violence
Kvinnomisshandel : en indexerad bibliografi = Woman battering : a bibliography with index
Eradicating violence against children
Consequences of child abuse
The battered woman syndrome
Battering and abuse of women have usually been treated as an acute problem for women themselves. Accordingly, help and support have primarily been trageted at the women affected and also their children. This is self-evidently right and reasonable in itself, but it often overshadow the fact that violence is actually a man's problem. In finding solutions, account must be taken of the need for the batteres themselves to receive treatmkent. Production of this book has been supported within Operation Kvinnofrid, the Swedish government's program focusing on violence against women, in accordance with commitments made at Beijing in 1995.
Child abuse and neglect : an annotated bibliography
Child trauma. 1, Issues & research
This book is about the experience of individuals who have been abused or who have abused others, but it also traces the way an abusive experience can organize a family or professional system so that changes Are difficult to achieve. Arnon Bentovim has been in the forefront of the child abuse field for many years, and he discusses in this volume the way his thinking has changed to incorporate the ideas from the feminist movement and the constructionist family therapists. He looks at the way victimizing actions and the traumatic effects of abuse combine to create a trauma-organized system, which includes the individual, the family, the professional helpers, the community, and the cultural values. The author describes the characteristics of these systems and a diagnostic procedure to help the workers plan the treatment. In order to help such a family, he proposes that interventions need to be made at the different levels of this system, and the book outlines various treatment approaches, such as group work for victims and perpetrators, marital and family therapy, and individual work, particularly to clarify the issue of personal responsibility. The book is illustrated by case studies and transcripts from therapy sessions to clarify the specific techniques Bentovim uses to treat such families.
Troubled relationships
The encyclopedia of child abuse
The long road home
Critical perspectives on child abuse
Child abuse and neglect : the school's response
Leaving abusive partners : from the scars of survival to the wisdom for change
Raising parents : attachment, parenting and child safety
Abuse of the elderly : a guide to resources and services
Trapped : the terrifying true story of a young girl's secret world of abuse
Stories from the heart : case studies of emotional abuse
Intervention for men who batter : an ecological approach
Treating child-abusive families : intervention based on skills-training principles
The lived experience of violation : how abused children become unhealthy adults
Whose face is in the mirror? : the story of one woman's journey from the nightmare of domestic abuse to true healing
Men, women and violence : understanding and changing violent behavior ; a report from Mancentrum in Stockholm
A child called "It"
In search of a safe place : abused women and culturally sensitive services
Bad wolf : [a novel]
Beating the terrorists? : interrogation at Omagh, Gough and Castlereagh
Rape and sexual assault : a research handbook
Child protection in Chinese societies : challenges and policies
Understanding violence
Child abuse
Feminists organising against gendered violence
Women escaping violence : empowerment through narrative
Child protection assessment following serious injuries to infants : fine judgements
Child abuse, child development, and social policy
Institutional abuse : perspectives across the life course
Children are the most criminally victimized segment of the population, and a substantial number face multiple, serious poly-victimizations during a single year. Despite the fact that the priority emphasis in academic research and government policy has traditionally gone to studying juvenile delinquents, children actually appear before authorities more frequently as victims than as offenders. At the same time, the media and many advocates have failed to note the good news: rates of sexual abuse, child homicide, and many other forms of victimization declined dramatically after the mid-1990s, and some terribly feared forms of child victimization, like stereotypical stranger abduction, are remarkably uncommon. The considerable ignorance about the realities of child victimization can be chalked up to a field that is fragmented, understudied and subjected to political demagoguery. In this persuasive book, David Finkelhor presents a comprehensive new vision to encompass the prevention, treatment and study of juvenile victims, unifying conventional subdivisions like child molestation, child abuse, bullying and exposure to community violence.Developmental victimology, his term for this integrated perspective, looks at child victimization across childhood's span and yields fascinating insights about how to categorize juvenile victimizations, how to think about risk and impact, and how victimization patterns change over the course of development. The book also provides a valuable new model of society's response to child victimization - what Finkelhor calls the Juvenile Victim Justice System - and a fresh way of thinking about barriers that victims and their families encounter when seeking help. These models will be very useful to anyone seeking to improve the way we try to help child victims.
Living proof
Ending men's violence against their partners : one road to peace
The wild truth : the secrets that drove Chris McCandless into the wild
What works in child protection?
Run, mummy, run : a novel inspired by a true story
Child sexual abuse : new theory and research
Child abuse trauma : theory and treatment of the lasting effects
The lost boy : a foster child's search for the love of a family
Child abuse : an interactional event
Policing the crisis : mugging, the state, and the law and order
Before I go to sleep
Motivation and child maltreatment
The mugging
The Mistreatment of elderly people
Policing the crisis : mugging, the state, and law and order
Elder abuse : international and cross-cultural perspectives
Child abuse and neglect : an information and reference guide
Family troubles? : exploring changes and challenges in the family lives of children and young people
City of bones
Handbook of child abuse research and treatment
Equality with a vengeance : men's rights groups, battered women, and antifeminist backlash
Aggression and violence throughout the life span
On a hot June day the body of a sixteen-year-old girl washes up on a river bank outside of Frankfurt. She has been brutally murdered, but no one comes forward with any information as to her identity. Even weeks later, the local police have not been able to find out who she is. Then a new case comes in: A popular TV reporter is attacked, raped, and locked in the trunk of her own car. She survives, barely, and is able to supply certain hints to the police, having to do with her recent investigations into a child welfare organization and the potenial uncovering of a child pornography ring with members from the highest echelon of society. As the two cases collide, Inspectors Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein dig deep into the past and underneath the veneer of bourgeois society to come up against a terrible secret that is about to impact their personal lives as well. In Nele Neuhaus's second U.S. publication of her enormously popular series, tensions run high and a complex and unpredictable plot propels her characters forward at breakneck speed.
Banished knowledge : facing childhood injuries
Response based approaches to the study of interpersonal violence
For your own good : hidden cruelty in child-rearing and the roots of violence
Captured queen : men's violence against women in "equal" Sweden : a prevalence study
In the past 30 years, the study of intimate partner violence (IPV) has advanced considerably. Previously, IPV was conceptualized narrowly as male physical violence against women due to a need for dominance. Now, experts realize that a variety of factors are associated with IPV and that IPV takes many forms - from verbal abuse or slapping to highly violent physical abuse or rape. In addition, research shows that women are often the perpetrators of IPV. As a result, IPV interventions have shifted over time from gender-focused interventions to gender-neutral interventions, with an emphasis on empirical evidence. Preventing Partner Violence presents a comprehensive overview of the most up-to-date research on IPV. Leading experts in the field cover a large range of topics, including theory, risk factors, health effects, surveillance, prevention, and intervention.The editors emphasize understanding the development of IPV perpetration by itself and in the context of other risk factors. Above all, they demonstrate the complexity of IPV and the importance of taking an empirical approach to prevention and treatment.
The survival game
A woman like you : the face of domestic violence
The reader : [a novel]
Domestic violence and protecting children : new thinking and approaches
Responding to family violence : a comprehensive, research-based guide for therapists
The child protection handbook : the practitioner's guide to safeguarding children
One good turn : a jolly murder mystery
Evaluating child protection
The girls
Dead man's time
Before I go to sleep : a novel
This book challenges the concept of wellbeing as applied to children, particularly in a school-based context. Taking a post-structural approach, it suggests that wellbeing should be understood, and experiences revealed, at the level of the subjective child. This runs counter to contemporary accounts that reduce children's wellbeing to objective lists of things that are needed in order to live well. This book will be useful for academics and practitioners working directly with children, and anyone interested in children's wellbeing.
Humanistic Marketing is a response to the currently growing mega-trend call for rethinking marketing. The book organizes current thinking around the problems of marketing theory and practice as well as solutions and ways forward, providing a diverse exploration of the position of marketing in the face of challenges for societal transformation.
Gene-environment correlations between experiences of childhood abuse and psychopathy
Women, violence and social change
Kindesmiβhandlung in Europe = Child abuse in Europe = La maltraitance děnfants en Europe. 1
Effects of childhood sexual abuse on adult revictimization experiences in men and women : a population-based study
Broken bodies, shattered minds : torture and ill-treatment of women
Psychoanalytic psychotherapy after child abuse : the treatment of adults and children who have experienced sexual abuse, violence, and neglect in childhood
Struck by genius : how a brain injury made me a mathematical marvel
The price of love
Crisis intervention strategies
All involved : a novel
Prevention of child maltreatment : developmental and ecological perspectives
Trauma-organized systems : physical and sexual abuse in families
Violence and terror in the mass media : an annotated bibliography
If they could see me now
Family violence and nursing practice
International perspectives on child abuse and children's testimony : psychological research and law
Preventing partner violence : research and evidence-based intervention strategies
A practitioner's tool for child protection and the assessment of parents
The Abu Ghraib investigations : the official reports of the independent panel and Pentagon on the shocking prisoner abuse in Iraq
This inspirational collection of portraits showcases women who have escaped domestic abuse and reconstructed their lives. The photo-essay book focuses on the personal histories and faces of domestic violence. Forty full-page black-and-white photos, each with a corresponding page of text, present powerful images of women who have escaped violent relationships.
Empowering survivors of abuse : health care for battered women and their children
Women at risk : domestic violence and women's health
Roadmap for the prevention of maltreatment of persons with intellectual and/or multiple disabilities : evaluating and diagnosis = Roteiro para a prevenção de maus-tratos a pessoas com deficiência intelectual e/ou multideficiência : avaliação e diagnóstico
Abused men : the hidden side of domestic violence
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Childhood gender atypical behavior and childhood abuse : predictors of psychiatric symptoms in adulthood?
Battered women
The adverse effects of domestic violence on psychosocial well-being
Child abuse & neglect
Child abuse : towards a knowledge base
Sanctions and sanctuary : cultural perspectives on the beating of wives
Woman abuse on campus : results from the Canadian national survey
Abuse and violence towards young children : perpectives on research and policy
Abuse and victimization across the life span
