http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5394 meteorology
meteorology
Typhoons and hurricanes
The sources and sinks of energy and water in the atmosphere
Problems in dynamic meteorology
Admiralty manual of navigation. Vol. 1.
Meteorology for ship and aircraft operation
Cumulus dynamics : proceedings of the First Conference on Cumulus Convection held at Portsmouth, New Hampshire 19-22 May 1959
Finnish wind data management and usage for Gauss modeling with SoundPlan-7.2 software
Descriptive meteorology
Modeling air-lake interaction : physical background
Ilmastolliset taulukot Kuopion lentoasemalta 1.12.1962...30.11.1966 = Aeronautical climatological tables at Kuopio Airport 1.12.1962...30.11.1966
Statistical theory of incoherent scatter radar measurements
Weather satellites : systems, data, and environmental applications
American practical navigator : An epitome of navigation and nautical astronomy
Cold comfort
Weather analysis and forecasting. Vol. 1, Motion and motion systems
The shorter science and civilisation in China. Volume 2 : Volume 3 and a section of volume 4, part 1 of the major series : mathematics : astronomy : meteorology : geography & map-making : geology & related sciences : physics (excluding elecricity & magnetism): an abridgement of Joseph Needham's original text
Investigations carried through at the Station of forest meteorology at Os. 2, The forest precipitation
Weather and climate modification
Ways of the weather : a cultural survey of meteorology
Introduction to hydrometeorology : by J. P. Bruce and R. H. Clark
A change in the weather
Collision efficiencies of two spheres falling in a viscous medium for Reynolds numbers up to 19.2
Weather elements : a text in elementary meteorology
Some aspects of fog with special reference to South Finland
The Macmillan encyclopedia of weather
19th Conference on Radar Meteorology of the American Meteorological Society , April 15-18, 1980 Miami Beach, Fla. : Preprints
Physics of the marine atmosphere
Climate and weather
Data assimilation for numerical weather prediction systems : a 25 year perspective
Instructor's manual to accompany An introduction to dynamic meteorology
An introduction to the study of air mass and isentropic analysis
Proceedings of the second international conference on climate and water. Vol. 3
The heat balance of the earth's surface
re-greening the desert, afforestation and organic agriculture and active storage of atmospheric carbon emissions within agricultural soils. This book demonstrates that investment in renewable energies and a sustainable economy is not only a worthwhile cause but also has an economic value. The book introduces new actors such as the financial industry as an investor and political actor. If the financial industry becomes a political actor and calls for a necessary regulatory framework, more nations will follow - accompanied by an economic benefit - which will create a class of pioneer nations instead of the ever failing project of a global climate agreement. The transformation of the world economy can be accelerated through the right political measures. Active legislative support is necessary, for example the implementation of Feed-in-Tariffs for renewable energies, ending all subsidies for fossil fuels and the internalization of external damage costs such as nuclear waste management.^
Proceedings of the GRAS SAF Workshop on Applications of GPS Radio Occultation Measurements : 16-18 June 2008, European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts, Shinfield Park, Reading, Berkshsire, UK
The occluded fronts
The Finnish Meteorological Institute : final report for the Open Data project
Meteorology at Sea
Modelling studies of atmospheric sulfur with a general circulation model
Fundamentals of meteorology
Eddy covariance : a practical guide to measurement and data analysis
Joint IMO/IHO/WMO manual on maritime safety information (MSI)
The warm front
Solar-terrestrial influences on weather and climate : proceedings of a symposium/workshop held at the Fawcett Center for Tomorrow, The Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, 24-28 August, 1978
Applied agrometeorology
The equatorial front
Physical & dynamical meteorology
Meteorology : with marine applications
Geographic and oceanographic research in Indian waters. Part 3, Maritime meteorology in Indian seas
Wild weather
The science of weather
Tropical meteorology in Africa : proceedings of the symposium jointly sponsored by the World Meteorological Organization and the Munitalp Foundation
Satellite meteorology : an introduction
The cosmic viewpoint : a study of Seneca's Natural questions
Doppler radar and weather observations
The atmospheric boundary layer
Dynamical and physical meteorology
Introduction to meteorology
The Magic School Bus inside a Hurricane
General circulation of the atmosphere
On the relationship between large scale atmospheric circulation pattern and sound propagation on a local scale : an experimental study
Introduction to physical meteorology
Essentials of meteorology
Atmospheric tides : thermal and gravitational
Weather modification by cloud seeding
Standard meteorological instruments
Discursus teleologici circa atmosphaeram pars prior, quam consentiente ampl. facultat. philosoph. In Reg. ad Auram Academia, praeside dn. Petro Kalm, oeconomiae profess. regio et ordinario, Reg. Acad. Scient. Holm. et Societ. Litter. Ups. membro, nec non fac. phil. h. t. decano, pro laurea & honoribus philosophicis, publicae disquisitioni submittit stipendiarius regius Johannes Westzynthius. Magn. fil. Ostrobotniensis. Ad diem XXIX. Julii a:o MDCCLVII. In aud. Maj. h. a. m. c.
The pilot's guide to weather reports, forecasts & flight planning
Extending the similarity theory for atmospheric boundary layers : contribution from background stratification
Geographical information and climatology
An introduction to dynamic meteorology
Theory of fog condensation
Air masses and fronts
Studies in antarctic meteorology
Methods in climatology : including some methods in general geophysics
The atmosphere : an introduction to meteorology
Meteorology
The downburst : microburst and macroburst
Tropical meteorology
The weather handbook
Elements of dynamic meteorology
Meteorology today : an introduction to weather, climate, and the environment
Investigations carried through at the Station of forest meteorology at Os. 3, On the relationship between air temperature and leading shoot increment for different coniferous trees
Flying the weather map
This book redefines climate protection measures and readjusts climate protection targets in line with what is scientifically necessary and economically feasible. The reader is provided with an overview of recent developments and failings in, and successful instruments for, fighting climate change and global warming. Effective climate protection measures rest on two pillars: stopping all greenhouse gas emissions and cleaning the atmosphere of spare carbon. Both are possible, if the use of fossil fuels in the energy, transport, construction and chemistry sectors is terminated and the decision is made to consistently switch to a world economy with zero emissions instead. Global Feed-in-Tariffs can provide incentives for renewable energies as the German Feed-in-Tariff has proven - a measure which has been copied by almost 70 nations around the world. At the same time agricultural practices are necessary to support an increase in biodiversity, e.g.Global warming does not have to be our inescapable fate. If mankind pursues the right climate protection strategies, the earth can be cooled down to an acceptable level in a few decades.
Meteorological conditions : Hornsund, Spitsbergen 2000/2001
A course in elementary meteorology
Significant achievements in satellite meteorology 1958-1964
The ECMWF contribution to the characterisation, interpretation, calibration and validation of ERS-1 scatterometer backscatter measurements and winds, and their use in numerical weather prediction models
Workshop on micrometeorology
Global cooling : strategies for climate protection
Wind, visibility, and fog conditions at Pori aerodrome
Climates of Northern and Western Europe
Carbon cycling in Arctic marine ecosystems : case study Young Sound
Weather
Engineering meteorology : fundamentals of meteorology and their application to problems in environmental and civil engineering
Elementary meteorology
Catalogue of meteorological training publications and audiovisual aids
Compendium of meteorology : for use by class 1 and class 2 meteorological personnel. Vol. 1, Synoptic meteorology : part 3
General meteorology : publ. formerly under the title Synoptic and aeronautical meteorology
GIS and remote sensing : environmental applications : International Symposium, proceedings, Volos, Greece 7-9 November 2003
Weather by the numbers : the genesis of modern meteorology
23rd Conference on Radar Meteorology sponsored by American Meteorological Society , September 22-26, 1986 Snowmass, Colorado : Preprints : Vol. 1. 23rd conference on radar meteorology. Vol. 2. Conference on cloud physics. Vol. 3. Joint sessions : 23rd conference on radar meteorology and conference on cloud physics
20th Conference on Radar Meteorology : November 30-December 3, 1981 Boston, Mass.. 20
The mariner's handbook
Workbook in elementary meteorology
Geodetic operations in Finland 1995-1999
Removal of ambiguities in meteorological fields through stochastic minimization of the spatial variability
Handbook of meteorology
McGraw-Hill dictionary of earth science
Compendium of meteorology : for use by class I and class II meteorological personnel. Vol. 1. Part 2, Physical meteorology
The Rough guide to weather
Physical meteorology
Large-scale dynamical processes in the atmosphere
Handbook of micrometeorology : a guide for surface flux measurement and analysis
A complete epitome of practical navigation, and nautical astonomy, containing all necessary instructions for keeping a ship's reckoning at sea
Air's appearance : literary atmosphere in British fiction, 1660-1794
The weather experiment : the pioneers who sought to see the future
Barometer manual for the use of seamen : with an appendix on the thermometer, hygrometer and hydrometer
Recent advances in planetary meteorology : the Seymour Hess Memorial Symposium-IUG General Assembly, Hamburg 18-19 August 1983
A start in meteorology : an introduction to the science of the weather
Glossary of terms used in agrometeorology = Glossaire des termes utilises en agrometeorologie = Glosario de terminos usados en la agrometeorologia
Catechism of the laws of storms for the use of sea officers ..
18th Conference on Radar Meteorology of the American Meteorological Society : March 28-31, 1978 Atlanta, Georgia. 18.
Invisible in the storm : the role of mathematics in understanding weather
Bibliography for the Second International Polar Year 1932-33
Man's impact on the global environment : assessment and recommendations for action : report of the study of critical environmental problems
21st Conference on Radar Meteorology : September 19-23, 1983 Edmonton, Alta, Canada. 21
Meteorology for seamen
The illumination and polarization of the sunlit sky on Rayleigh scattering
Weather glossary
Meteorology manual : the practical guide to the weather
The works of Aristotle. Vol. 3, Meteorologica; De mundo; De anima; Parva naturalia; De spiritu
The cold front
Problem workbook for the training of class III meteorological personnel
Proceedings of the second international conference on climate and water. Vol. 1
Meteorological conditions : Hornsund, Spitsbergen 2001/2002
The Environmental Dictionary EnDic covers a wide field of environmental protection and nature conservation - e.g. such fields as meteorology, hydrology, environmental engineering, water supply and wastewater treatment, waste management, and the environmental policy of the EU.
Meteorology workbook with problems
Seven lectures on meteorology
Meteorology for masters and mates
Instructor's manual to accompany "Meteorology today : an introduction to weather, climate, and the environment"
Solar ultraviolet radiation on the Tibetan Plateau : measurements and modeling
Climates of the polar regions
Epicurean meteorology : sources, method, scope and organization
Compendium of meteorology : for use by class 1 and class 2 meteorological personnel. Vol. 1, Dynamic meteorology : part 1
Compendium of meteorology : for use by class 1 and class 2 meteorological personnel. Vol. 2, Tropical meteorology : part 4
Understanding flying weather
Meteorology : the atmosphere in action. 1980.
Clouds, rain and rainmaking
Global Weirdness : severe storms, deadly heat waves, relentless drought, rising seas, and the weather of the future
Mesoscale meteorology and forecasting
Regional assessment of climate change in the Mediterranean. Volume 1, Air, sea and precipitation and water
The climate of Europe : past, present and future : natural and man-induced climatic changes : a European perspective
Atmospheric circulation systems : their structure and physical interpretation
The Goldilocks planet : the four billion year story of Earth's climate
General meteorology
Atmosphere, weather and climate
Meteorology : a practical course in weather
Fluid mechanics and thermodynamics of our environment
Proceedings of the second international conference on climate and water. Vol. 2
Meteorology for seafarers
Reeds maritime meteorology
Climate variations in Europe : proceedings of the European Workshop on Climate Variations held in Kirkkonummi (Majvik), Finland, 15-18 May 1994
Report on the scientific results of the voyage of H.M.S. Challenger during the years 1873-76. Physics and chemistry, Vol. 2
Introduction to meteorological optics
Introduction to theoretical meteorology
Meteorology : theoretical and applied
Hurricane & tornado
Objective analysis of meteorological fields
Meteorological investigations with rockets and satellites
Suomen magneettiset kartat heinäkuun 1 p:nä 1930 = A magnetic survey of Finland on July 1, 1930
Elements of meteorology
Proceedings of the first international symposium on rocket and satellite meteorology : Washington, D.C., April 23-25, 1962
The snowflake : winter's secret beauty
