http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5397 goals (abstract objects)
goals (abstract objects)
There is no single idea of the university. Ever since its medieval origin, the concept of the university has continued to change. The metaphysical university gave way successively to the scientific university, and then to the corporate and the entrepreneurial university. But what might lie ahead? Being a University charts and critiques this conceptual development and examines the future possibilities for the idea of the university. Ronald Barnett pursues this quest through an exploration of pairs of contending concepts that speak to the idea of the university - such as space and time; being and becoming; and culture and anarchy. On this foundation is developed an imaginative exposition of possible ideas of the university, including the liquid university and the authentic university.
"This book is about the relationship between different concepts of freedom and happiness. The book's authors distinguish three concepts for which an empirical measure exists: opportunity to choose (negative freedom), capability to choose (positive freedom), and autonomy to choose (autonomy freedom). They also provide a comprehensive account of the relationship between freedom and well-being by comparing channels through which freedoms affect quality of life. The book also explores whether the different conceptions of freedom complement or replace each other in the determination of the level of well-being. In so doing, the authors make freedoms a tool for policy making and are able to say which conception is the most effective for well-being, as circumstances change. The results have implications for a justification of a free society: maximizing freedoms is good for its favorable consequences upon individual well-being, a fundamental value for the judgment of human advantage"--
Fundamentals of Project Management
The politics of multicultural encounters : feminist postcolonial perspectives
Waste prevention at source until 2010, JESSE : final report of the project
Community renewable energy in the northern periphery : an argument for policy change
Hustle is a step-by-step guide to breaking out of the monotony of the 9-5 lifestyle and making your dreams a reality. It lays out the tools you need to realise the work you enjoy and gain the confidence and motivation to be in charge of your own adventures. In a world where loyalty doesn’t translate into success learn how to get ahead and discover a more imaginative way of living.
Understanding face-to-face interaction : issues linking goals and discourse
There is no single idea of the university. Ever since its medieval origin, the concept of the university has continued to change. The metaphysical university gave way successively to the scientific university, and then to the corporate and the entrepreneurial university. But what might lie ahead? --
The purpose of boys : helping our sons find meaning, significance and direction in their lives
The one minute teacher
Freedom and the pursuit of happiness : an economic and political perspective
Why do I need a teacher when I've got Google? : the essential guide to the big issues for every twenty-first century teacher
Scarcity : why having too little means so much
Understanding motivation and emotion
Switch : how to change things when change is hard
"The governance of public hospitals in Europe is changing. Individual hospitals have been given varying degrees of semi-autonomy within the public sector and empowered to make key strategic, financial, and clinical decisions themselves. This study explores the major developments and their implications for national and European health policy. The study focuses on hospital-level decision-making and draws together both theoretical and practical evidence. It includes an in-depth assessment of eight different country models of semi-autonomy, in the Czech Republic, England, Estonia, Israel, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal and Spain. The evidence that emerges throws light on the shifting relationships between public-sector decision-making and hospital-level organizational behaviour and will be of real and practical value to those working with this increasingly important and complex mix of approaches." -- (Back Cover)
Being a University should be essential reading for all professionals and academics in Higher Education, as well as those with an interest in educational policy and politics, and the philosophy, sociology and theory of education. --Book Jacket.
Social psychological perspectives
Business Plan : business plan, business intelligence, statistical hypothesis testing, marketing plan, content of a business plan, total quality management, management by objestives, strategic planning
Promoting self-determination in students with developmental disabilities
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
Go put your strengths to work : 6 powerful steps to achieve outstanding performance
Queer as a political concept
Techniques for coaching and mentoring
Ideologies, goals, and values
Abstract.
To flourish or destruct : a personalist theory of human goods, motivations, failure, and evil
Rational goal-setting in environmental policy : Foundations and applications
Curriculum and aims
Life purpose boot camp : the 8-week breakthrough plan for creating a meaningful life
Put your dream to the test : 10 questions that will help you see it and seize it
Wallace D. Wattles' the science of getting rich : a modern-day interpretation of a personal finance classic
The foundations of social anthropology
Non-standard employment and health with respect to sense of coherence and social capital
Handbook of motivational counseling : goal-based approaches to assessment and intervention with addiction and other problems
Hustle : the power to charge your life with money, meaning and momentum
The one thing : the surprisingly simple truth behind extraordinary results
Knowledge matters : the public mission of the research university
Fundamentals of project management
Education policy analysis 2002.
Team work and group dynamics
Obesity and bone mineral measurements in postmenopausal women
The life coach workbook
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
Being a University charts and critiques this conceptual development and examines the future possibilities for the idea of the university. Ronald Barnett pursues this quest through an exploration of pairs of contending concepts that speak to the idea of the university - such as space and time; being and becoming; and culture and anarchy. On this foundation is developed an imaginative exposition of possible ideas of the university, including the liquid university and the authentic university. --
Mastering counselling skills
Time management secrets: the experts tell all!
The employment contract between ethics and economics
The smartphone coaching system : how to radically improve your life with the help of your phone
Eat that frog! : 21 great ways to stop procrastinating and get more done in less time
Accountability, pragmatic aims, and the American university
WillBe : 13 reasons WillBe's are luckier than WannaBe's
Governing public hospitals : reform strategies and the movement towards institutional autonomy
Purpose : the starting point of great companies
Goals for Americans : programs for action in the sixties, comprising the report of the President's Commission on National Goalsand chapters submitted for the consideration of the Commission
Changing aims and values of outdoor-oriented education : ideals for teachers' work from the American and Indian experience
Being a university
Art Inc : the essential guide for building your career as an artist
The priorities of the European Economic and Social Committee during the Swedish Presidency of the Council of the European Union : July-December 2009
On acting for a reason
Finnish foreign correspondents in Moscow : balancing between external expectations, personal ambitions and working conditions
Nine things successful people do differently
Project organisations and governance : processes, actors, actions and participatory procedures
Organizational behavior for the hospitality industry
The little book of thinking big : aim higher and go further than you ever thought possible
Organizational death and employee motivation : investigating a plant closure in a multi-plant organization
Obliquity : how our goals are best achieved indirectly
Worlding dance
