http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5400 portrayals (cultural objects)
portrayals (cultural objects)
Lucian Freud spent seven months painting a portrait of the art critic Martin Gayford. Gayford describes the process chronologically, from the day he arrived for the first sitting through to his meeting with the couple who bought the finished painting. As Freud creates his portrait, so Gayford produces his own portrait of the artist.
Our revolution : a future to believe in
Constructing femininity in newspaper portraits : the cases of Anna and Frida
Money : master the game : 7 simple steps to financial freedom
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
Memoir : I'll never write my memoirs
Marilyn Horne : a portrait
Woodrow Wilson : some Princeton memories
Finns down under : documents of Finnish immigrants in Australia : dokumentteja australiansuomalaisista = Kielisten maassa
Bad Girls Throughout History features some of the fiercest women of all time - the famous, the infamous, and the ones you haven't even heard of yet. Explore the notable works, impressive feats, and striking portraits of these wild women from around the globe who challenged the status quo.
A passion for raptors : researcher, photographer & bird artist Dick Forsman = En passion för rövfåglar : forskaren, fotografen, fågelmålaren Dick Forsman = Intohimona petolinnut : tutkija, valokuvaaja & lintumaalari Dick Forsman
Here I am : the story of Tim Hetherington, war photographer
"Louis XIV -- the 'Sun King' -- casts a long shadow over the history of seventeenth-century Europe. Yet whilst he has been the subject of numerous works, much of the scholarship remains firmly rooted within national frameworks and traditions. Thus in France Louis is still chiefly remembered for the splendid baroque culture his reign ushered in, and his political achievements in wielding together a strong centralized French state; whereas in England, the Netherlands and other protestant states, his memory is that of an aggressive military tyrant and persecutor of non-Catholics. In order to try to break free of such parochial strictures, this volume builds upon the approach of scholars such as Ragnhild Hatton who have attempted to situate Louis' legacy within broader, pan-European context. But where Hatton focused primarily on geo-political themes, 'Louis XIV Outside In' introduces current interests in cultural history, integrating aspects of artistic, literary and musical themes. In particular it examines the formulation and use of images of Louis XIV abroad, concentrating on Louis' neighbours in north west Europe. This broad geographical coverage demonstrates how images of Louis XIV were moulded by the polemical needs of people far from Versailles, and distorted from any French originals by the particular political and cultural circumstances of diverse nations. Because the French regime's ability to control the public image of its leader was very limited, the collection highlights how -- at least in the sphere of public presentation -- his power was frequently denied, subverted, or appropriated to very different purposes, questioning the limits of his absolutism which has also been such a feature of recent work"--
America Knits
The Sartorialist : X
Limón : a life beyond words
Bad girls throughout history
Lady Gaga : a monster romance
Bruce Lee : the celebrated life of the golden dragon
5 Seconds of Summer : the ultimate fan book
Jacob Fellman - the botanising priest
50 years on stage : jubilee concert in Buenos Aires : documentary "Multiple identities"
100-year Anniversary of the Birth of V.J. Sukselainen, Founder of Väestöliitto
Mysterious Mozart
1001 amazing facts about the best bands : unofficial & unauthorised. Volume 1.
Andreas Scholl, countertenor : a portrait
Call the midwife. [Vol. 3], Farewell to the East End / Jennifer Worth ; clinical editor: Terri Coates
Girls in pearls : History of a Passion in Art and Photography
Geoffrey Chaucer
Fred & Rose : the full story of Fred and Rose West and the Gloucester house of horrors
Badass bitches, damsels in distress, or something in between? : representation of female characters in superhero action films
Judas : the definitive collection of gospels and legends about the infamous apostle of Jesus
The making of a royal romance
In the hands of the gods
True story : murder, memoir, mea culpa
Hedge fund market wizards : how winning traders win
The likeness of Thomas More : an iconographical survey of three centuries
Louis XIV outside in : images of the Sun King beyond France, 1661-1715
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
New Orleans sketches
Climbing free : my life in the vertical world
E. Munch
Deep in the Niger Delta, officer Chike Ameobi deserts the army and sets out on the road to Lagos. He is soon joined by a wayward private, a naive militant, a vulnerable young woman and a runaway middle-class wife. The shared goals of this unlikely group: freedom and new life. As they strive to find their places in the city, they become embroiled in a political scandal. Ahmed Bakare, editor of the failing Nigerian Journal, is determined to report the truth. Yet government minister Chief Sandayo will do anything to maintain his position. Trapped between the two, they are forced to make a life-changing decision. Full of shimmering detail, Welcome to Lagos is a stunning portrayal of an extraordinary city, and of seven lives that intersect in a breathless story of courage and survival.
Erotic photography
Churchill in his own words
The Sartorialist : closer
Rush : the illustrated history
Personalities of Russian amateur botany, 1. Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929), and the neglected protologue of Alchemilla propinqua H.Lindb.
To bridal boutique owner Madeline Krug, organizing a Christmas wedding sounds like a joy - until she finds out she'll be working closely with the gorgeous brother of the bride, movie star Jonny Blaze. How will a small-town girl like her keep from falling for the world's sexiest guy? Especially with mistletoe lurking around every corner! Jonny came to Fool's Gold looking for normal, not for love. Happily-ever-after only happens in the movies. Still, nothing about this quirky town is quite what he expected, and "ordinary" Madeline is the most extraordinary woman he's ever met.
Tom Waits on Tom Waits : interviews and encounters
The Robert Pattinson album
On Sondheim : An Opinionated Guide
Bernie Sanders stormed to international headlines after running an extraordinary campaign for the Democratic primaries that saw over 13 million people turn out to vote for him, and changing the global discussion surrounding US politics. But how did a complete unknown and an avowed socialist make such waves? In Our Revolution, Sanders provides a unique insight into the campaign that galvanized a movement, sharing experiences from the campaign trail and the techniques that shaped it. And it wasn't just his use of new media; Sanders' message resonated with millions. His supporters are young and old, dissatisfied with expanding social inequality, struggling with economic instability and who rebelled against a political elite who has long ignored them. This is a global phenomenon, driving movements from Syriza in Greece to Podemos in Spain and Jeremy Corbyn in the UK. Drawing on decades of experience as activist and politician, Sanders outlines his ideas for continuing this political revolution.
The frontman : Bono (in the name of power)
Lighting for portrait photography
Elvis Has Left The Building : The dy the king died
Elvis: the king lives
Motor sport greats : in conversation
New selected essays : where I live
Michael Jackson : the king of pop
Murder in Mississippi : the true story of how I met a white supremacist, befriended his black killer and wrote this book
Lives on the line : voices for change from the Thailand-Burma border
Robsessed : all areas accessed
Covering Clinton : the president and the press in the 1990s
Famouz : Photographs 1975 - 88
Monsters : history's most evil men and women
Death by water
The Hollywood icon best known for her role in "Star Wars" shares interconnected essays exploring her life as the child of Hollywood royalty, adventures on the sets of "Star Wars," and struggles with biploar disorder.
Almost famous women : stories
Call the midwife. [Vol. 2], Shadows of the workhouse
Every thing we touch : a 24-hour inventory of our lives
Ephemeral bodies : wax sculpture and the human figure
Wishful drinking
Fisher comes clean (well, sort of) with the crazy truth that is her life, in her first-ever memoir.
The princess diarist
The woman in the story : writing memorable female characters
Eminem : the stories behind every song
Characterization in Training Day
The stylist
Kent Nagano : seeking new shores : a portrait
The new drawing on the right side of the brain
Va Pensiero, Sull’ali Dorate : Fly, thought, on Golden Wings
Twilight and history
Wildflower
A closer look : faces
The Joker's wild : the biography of Jack Nicholson
Athletics in Finland
Your pretty face is going to hell : the dangerous glitter of David Bowie, Iggy Pop and Lou Reed
This Beginner's Guide delves into the creative processes behind great comic art, outlining both the traditional and digital tools of the trade. Learn all about the comic workflow, from storyboarding to speech balloons, line art, inking, coloring, and background gradients. A comprehensive comic art theory chapter will help you get to grips with narrative, composition, perspective, depth, light, color, anatomy, and environments. Learn the tricks of the trade as top artists create a mini comic book from scratch, describing in detail their working process. A visual glossary of everything from bounding boxes to poses and expressions, plus a breakdown gallery, will also help you on your way to comic success!
Curious minds : how a child becomes a scientist
Vieno Johannes Sukselainen was born in Paimio on 12 October 1906. His mother was a single woman who worked as a seamstress. Sukselainen matriculated from high school in 1927 and earned his masters degree in 1931. Sukselainens doctoral dissertation, Co-operatives as a business model, was approved in 1939. Sukselainen traveled to various countries during the 1930s to conduct research for his dissertation, including Germany, Switzerland, France and Sweden. He was actively involved in student politics and later in the 1930s also got involved in the activities of the Agrarian League. Although neither farmer nor Member of Parliament, Sukselainen was elected chairman of the Agrarian League in 1945. His chairmanship lasted nearly two decades, until 1964, and his contributions were mainly in the area of political economy and social policy. Sukselainen was a member of parliament almost without interruption from 1948 to 1978, and was Speaker in 1956-58, 1968-69 and 1972-75. Sukselainen occupied the post of Minister of Finance in 1950-51 and 1954, Minister of the Interior in 1951-53, and Prime Minister in 1957 and 1959-61. He also served as a university lecturer and professor of political economy throughout the 1940s and 50s, director of the Social Insurance Institution of Finland in 1954-71 and Chancellor of the University of Tampere in 1969-78. A founder of the Family Federation, Sukselainen was also its ? rst chairman from 1941 until 1971. Sukselainen and Elma Bondn, M.A., married on 6 July 1938 and had four children. V.J. Sukselainen died in 1995. .
Jazz in black & white : the photographs of Duncan Schiedt
Intohimona petolinnut : tutkija, valokuvaaja & lintumaalari Dick Forsman = En passion för rovfåglar : forskaren, fotografen, fågelmålaren Dick Forsman = A passion for raptors : researcher, photographer & bird artist Dick Forsman
Faces of photography : encounters with 50 master photographers of the 20th century
Vampires : from Vlad the Impaler to the vampire Lestat
Lil Wayne : takin' the rap
Michael Jackson : the trial and triumph of the king of pop
The good nurse : a true story of medicine, madness and murder
Jonas Brothers forever : the unofficial story of Kevin, Joe & Nick
Queen : the ultimate illustrated history of the crown kings of rock
Fifty key figures in science fiction
Metallica : the complete illustrated history
M M - personal : from the private archive of Marilyn Monroe
Norman Douglas - a portrait
Clinton : the president they deserve
Makers of modern architecture. Volume 2, From Le Corbusier to Rem Koolhaas
Face parts : a visual source book for depicting the human face
Aung San Suu Kyi : a portrait in words and pictures
Welcome to lagos
"When Bernie Sanders began his race for the presidency, it was considered by the political establishment and the media to be a "fringe" campaign, something not to be taken seriously. After all, he was just an independent senator from a small state with little name recognition. His campaign had no money, no political organization, and it was taking on the entire Democratic Party establishment. By the time Sanders's campaign came to a close, however, it was clear that the pundits had gotten it wrong. Bernie had run one of the most consequential campaigns in the modern history of the country. He had received more than 13 million votes in primaries and caucuses throughout the country, won twenty-two states, and more than 1.4 million people had attended his public meetings. Most important, he showed that the American people were prepared to take on the greed and irresponsibility of corporate America and the 1 percent. In Our Revolution, Sanders shares his personal experiences from the campaign trail, recounting the details of his historic primary fight and the people who made it possible. And for the millions looking to continue the political revolution, he outlines a progressive economic, environmental, racial, and social justice agenda that will create jobs, raise wages, protect the environment, and provide health care for all--and ultimately transform our country and our world for the better. For him, the political revolution has just started. The campaign may be over, but the struggle goes on."--Provided by publisher.
The dancer within : intimate conversations with great dancers
Alan Shearer
One Direction : the official annual 2015
The 101 most influential people who never lived : how characters of fiction, myth, legends, television and movies have shaped our society, changed our behavior and set the course of history
Modern American profiles
Harry Potter : film wizardry : from the creative team behind the celebrated movie series
Michelle Obama : A Life in Pictures
Are you a fan of 5 Seconds of Summer, One Direction, The Vamps and other similar bands? Do you want to know all the inside info on your favourite music acts, from how they first got together to their relationships, likes, dislikes and interesting facts previously known only to those closest to the bands themselves? If so, then this is the book for you. Containing one hundred facts on each band (plus one final bonus fact on 5SOS) this book will make you the master of all rock and pop knowledge! So whether it’s Harry Styles and his mates, Luke Hemmings & co, Brad Simpson and friends or any of the other seven groups featured, this is the perfect book for you!
Marry me at Christmas
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
A dazzling new collection that explores the lives of unforgettable women in history, defined by their creative impulses, fierce independence, and sometimes reckless decisions.
Man with a blue scarf : on sitting for a portrait by Lucian Freud
Cathy
English summary: Character names taking shape : Word formation, structure and meaning relationships of Finnish-language personal names in full-length, animated Disney feature films.
Music as alchemy
5 Seconds Of Summer : the ultimate fan book
Tom Jones : a life in pictures
"Hedge Fund Market Wizards will be a modern day sequel to the highly successful Market Wizards and New Market Wizards written over 20 years ago. These two earlier volumes have become classics in the investment literature and have been read by virtually every hedge fund manager, as well as by a much broader lay audience. This new volume in the series will follow the same effective formula used by its predecessors. The book will devote a chapter to each of a broad array of highly successful traders, ranging widely in the markets they trade and their methodologies, but sharing in their achievement of superior performance. Each chapter, following the original format, will include an introductory section, a core section based on an interview with the trader, and a conclusion section that seeks to draw useful trading and investment lessons illustrated by the trader's approach and advice"--
Intohimona petolinnut : tutkija, valokuvaaja & lintumaalari Dick Forsman = En passion för rofåglar : forskaren, fotografen & fågelmålaren Dick Forsman = A passion for raptors : researcher, photographer & bird artist Dick Forsman
101 great football payers : the best players in the game today
Live in the UK, alive in Cuba
Portraits of discovery : profiles in scientific genius
Jean Cocteau : a biography
Harald Lindberg was one of the most eminent botanist in Finland during the 1900's. He studied a wide range of taxa, including subfossils and bryophytes. He investigated subfossils on peatlands in 60 municipalities, many of them now belonging to Russia. Lindberg described 11 new bryophyte taxa, and discovered 12 new species to Finland (including areas of former Finnish territory of today's Russia). For East Fennoscandia he described 8 new vascular plant species to science, discovered 42 new species and 26 hybrids to country. Apomictic species interested him also, and he described 4 new Alchemilla species, 34 Hieraciumtaxa and 80 Taraxacum species or subspecies. Later he became expertise also on Mediterranean species, and described 50 new species and 22 subspecies, especially from Morocco and Spain. Plantae Finlandiae Exsiccatae was an extensive effort. 2,081 numbers were distributed to 23 museum. .
Everest : the first ascent : the untold story of Griffith Pugh, the man who made it possible
Big four and others of the Peace Conference
Mitä teet viikonloppuna? = Any plans for the weekend?
Photographing your children : a handbook of style and instruction
Roman Polanski : a retrospective
Hidden knowledge
Cristiano Ronaldo : the ultimate fan book
Intohimona petolinnut : tutkija, valokuvaaja & lintumaalari Dick Forsman : researcher, photographer & bird artist Dick Forsman = En passion för rovfåglar : forskaren, fotografen, fågelmålaren Dick Forsman = A passion for raptors
Face time : portraits of our family
Echoing images : couples in African sculpture
The Beckhams : worldwide celebrity brand
Legends of the blues
Masters of the path : a history of the masters of the Nimatullahi Sufi Order
Days of hope and dreams : an intimate portrait of Bruce Springsteen
Sarah Vaughan : the divine one
Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929) was a paediatric surgeon (in urology) in Moscow. As an amateur botanist he collected plants in 1914-1924, mostly Alchemilla, in Moscow and its nearest vicinities, as well as in the former Yaroslavl, Vyatka and Perm Regions. His collections, including types of Alchemilla, are housed at the Komarov Botanical Institute (LE) and the Herbarium of the Museum of History and Culture of the Central Kama Region in Sarapul, Udmurt Republic, Russia....
Amateur botanist Jacob Fellman (1793-1875), priest of northernmost Finland at Utsjoki in 1820-1831, was the first Finn to study the flora of northernmost East Fennoscandia. He did several long expeditions to Lapponia inarensis (Finland), to East Finnmark (Norway) and to the western Kola Peninsula region (Northwest Russia). His main publications include lists of the species of those areas, as well as their localities and frequencies (J. Fellman 1831, 1835). His memoirs (J. Fellman 1906a) also contain a great deal of plant information. Fellman was also interested in economic plants and phenological observations....
One Direction confidential : unofficial and unauthorized
Justin Bieber confidential : unofficial and unauthorized
Real moments : Bob Dylan by Barry Feinstein
Well-read women : portraits of fiction's most beloved heroine
Too much happiness
René Jacobs : singer & teacher
White diamond : a personal portrait of Kylie Minogue
Alvar Aalto : What & When
Alvar Aalto : the mark of the hand
Beginner's guide to comic art / Characters
The man without a face : the unlikely rise of Vladimir Putin
The rhetoric of character in children's literature
Deaf women of Canada : a proud history and exciting future
Peter, Paul and Mary Magdalene : the followers of Jesus in history and legend
Justin Bieber : unofficial
Legendary boxers of the golden age of England, America, Australia : with biographical sketches and authentic records of their victories and defeats : embracing the men of note of all nations connected with the pugilistic arena
Elvis has left the building : the day the king died
Moondust : in search of the men who fell to Earth
Johannesburg portraits : from Lionel Phillips to Sibongile Khumalo
Janis : little girl blue
Harald Lindberg - a Finnish botanist
AC/DC FAQ : all that's left to know about the world's true rock 'n' roll band
Speaking of dance : twelve contemporary choreographers on their craft
Race of a lifetime : how Obama won the White House
Psychology and photography : Arno Rafael Minkkinen's self-portraits
Mother : portraits by 40 great artists
American teen
The art of Neil Gaiman
Imagined lives : mystery portraits : from the National Portrait Gallery c. 1520-1640 : characters sketches and imagined biographies by John Bainville ... [et al.]
Modelling heads and faces
Humans of New York : stories
Portraits and reviews
The sea is my brother : the lost novel
Zlatan Ibrahimović : the ultimate fan book
Londonopolis : a curious history of London
Vanishing Ireland
State of the axe : guitar masters in photographs and words
