http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5408 projects
projects
Trade union practices on anti-discrimination and diversity : European Trade Union anti-discrimination and diversity study : innovative and significant practices in fighting discrimination and promoting diversity : summary
The skynet of the project world : the road to more profitable development operations
Cutting edge building projects in Turku, Finland
How to manage interaction in international project planning in web conference
Abstract.
PEI system evaluation project. Volume 2, Data collection instruments for evaluating health and social service systems
Textbooks on didactics and the religious instruction in Finnish primary school teacher training colleges (Seminars) in 1863-1896
The human rights-based approach : in Abilis Foundation
Project management : processes, methodologies, and economics
How to determine the feasibility of new hotel - the case of Ylläs as a potential location
Hotel developments do not possess such a large scale of familiarity within the Finnish hospitality business. There might be interests for the matter by small hospitality developers and entrepreneurs, but the required large amount of capital, involved high risks, and existing major hotel developers and operators that are dominating Finnish hotel markets are restricting and diminishing the opportunities for new hotel developments. As a result, there is no demand for hotel feasibility studies that are exploring the market, financial and investment feasibility of the hotel development. Consequently, feasibility studies have not become familiar within the hospitality business. Neither has even a pre- feasibility study that represents the curtailed version of the feasibility study.    The primary objective of this study is to investigate the financial and investment feasibility of a hotel development for Rutumi Manor. Primary objective derive from the reason that the hotel development is not planned to be executed in near future and therefore in depth market analysis would not be necessary yet, rather the amount of investment required. The secondary objective is to superficially explore the local market feasibility for Rutumi Manor hotel development. There is a proposed property where the hotel development is planned to take place. Rutumi Manor is a conference and events company in Lapinjärvi, which has been operating since 2001. Rutumi Manor organizes all the functions at their own completely renovated premises, which has history of over 200 years.    Thesis is a product- based thesis combined with a short quantitative research on competitors' performance. Thesis starts with the theoretical framework that includes clarification of the hotel development concept and the feasibility study concept. Theoretical framework is followed by the process of the project, Rutumi Manor pre- feasibility study for hotel development. Lastly, the Rutumi Manor pre- feasibility study for hotel development project is introduced with necessary calculation tables.    The primary objective of the study was achieved with positive and negative financial and investment feasibility results. Also, the secondary objective, curtailed market analysis, was achieved with positive results of the potential market demand. In addition, developed excel tables will enable the update of the financial and investment calculations, when the Rutumi Manor hotel development will be executed.
Project management : a professional approach to events
Biosphere reserves
Guide to project management : getting it right and achieving lasting benefit
Project management methodologies : selecting, implementing, and supporting methodologies and processes for projects
Moving on! : encounters and experiences in Arts - working multiprofessionally with the youth : MIMO project 2010-2013
Moving on! : encounters and experiences in arts - working multiprofessionally with the youth : MIMO Project 2010-2013
Clusters and Organizational Networking : SULOIN project: Developing the Logistics Cluster in Southern Finland
Abstract: This research focused on the development of a sector independent Financial Risk  Management System for project driven organization of the mid-tier business sector.  The principle reason why this research was conducted were the actual developments  at the bank loan sector which demand any credit using company to establish a suitable  system for managing pecuniary risks despite of nonexistent or incomplete legal  regulations. With reference to this demand the fundamental concept of Risk Management  including the generic structure of a system appropriate to manage pecuniary  risks were evaluated on basis of relevant subject literature. Furthermore, the individual  nature of projects and the resulting requirements of project driven companies  on such a system were characterized. In this context, the research was particularly  focusing on the specific attributes of mid-tier organizations. On basis of this  theoretical rudiment a three modular Financial Risk Management System was developed  referring to the corporate level, project level, and financial section of a project  driven mid-tier company.  As a next step of this research the theoretical approach to Financial Risk Management  was translated into operation by implementing and applying the system at a  Case Company. The implementation process was conducted together with a joint  team of experts employed by the Case Company during a time period of three  months. In the course of this implementation process the contents of the different  modules were refined and adapted to the specific requirements and structure of the  Case Company. At this stage, the team developed several Financial Risk Management  tools with due regard to system functionality.  In the final step of this research the customized Financial Risk Management System  was tested on one of the Case Company's construction projects in order to demonstrate  the applicability as well as the limits of the system. Hereby each Financial  Risk Management tool was successfully applied and the system was proven coherent  and fully operative for the Case Company.
Project entry in the Chinese high-rise elevator markets : The case of KONE major project unit
PEI system evaluation project : decision support tool. 3, Facilitating staff involvement in the shift to cross-sectoral reallocation
Service Innovation and Design : results from co-creation
Dream it, do it, live it : 9 easy steps to making things happening for you
Project management : 24 lessons to help you master any project
A monitoring and evaluation report of the conservation agriculture project 1 (CAP1) in Zambia
Applying human resourse tools to promote the effective management of project-based organization : a case study of Development Agency of Valkeakoski Region, Ltd
Development of supply management in project business
Yleiset tiet 1.1.1997 = Public roads in Finland 1.1.1997
Logic model development guide : using logic models to bring together planning, evaluation and action
Beyond the Horizon : Practical guide to developing competitive project proposals in Horizon 2020
Developing participation through projects? : a case study from the Helsinki Metropolitan Area
The development of village-based sheep production in West Africa : a success story involving women's groups : training manual for extension workers
Private finance of transport infrastructure projects : value and risk analysis of a Finnish shadow toll road project
Microsoft Project : basics
"We are the European partners"
PMP (PMBOK4) Cert Kit: Video, Flash Card and Quick Reference Preparation Package
The development of a financial risk management system for Kraftanlagen München GmbH
PEI system evaluation project : decision support tool. 2, Scan and plan : meeting and managing potential challenges to cross-sectoral reallocation
Executive summary (s. 5-9).
New functional food ingredients cancers and oxidative degradations
Towards global and sustainable higher education [Julkaisurekisteriviite] : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
Project reporting
The field research : of the Maritime Museum of Finland at the wreck site of Vrouw Maria in 2001-2002
IT deployment in municipal council of Nakuru
Murmansk region : science, investments and innovations : catalogue of projects and proposals
Divina commedia theatre project 2011-12
Project management is characterised by systematic and integral control of the development process, from creative idea to concrete product. This book concentrates on the management of event projects. Events such as festivals, exhibitions, conferences, arts productions, sports events and company events draw a lot of attention. An initiative frequently ends in failure, because the funding cannot be finalised, deadlines are not met or budgets are exceeded. The professional approach of a project can prevent many problems. The Project Management method is very user-friendly and stands out by its direct applicability(numerous check lists, step-by-step plans and model contracts). This book describes a concept of project management for general application, and the organisational, financial and planning aspects of a project. This third edition has been adapted regarding both the contents and the form that were altered in the Dutch version of the book Projectmanagement, the 8th edition by Jan Verhaar. Besides the obvious changes for this 3rd edition small changes and add-ons have been made throughout the entire book. In Part A, the chapters have been included which guide you through the methodology. In Part B you will learn using the step-by-step plan, with your own event or conference project. In Part C all of the chapters have been bundled together so that you can gain theoretical insight into the different techniques and models.
Introduction of the wreck of Vrouw Maria
PEI system evaluation project. Volume 1, A guide to system evaluation : assessing the health and social services system in PEI
The handbook of project management : a practical guide to effective policies and procedures
Gower handbook of project management
Promoting physical activity of working aged adults with selected personal approaches in primary health care : feasibility, effectiveness and an example of nationwide dissemination
Implementing the project management balanced scorecard
Harmony and grit : papers celebrating the Holmgrens' completion of Intermountain Flora
Narrative transformations of heroic, autobiographical poetry in the medieval north
Finlands Action Plan for Central and Eastern Europe : Cooperation between Finland and the Baltic countries; List of ongoing projects : August 1997.
Research in the history of the Snow Vrouw Maria
Evaluation of the transport projects of the Kolari and Sokli mining projects
Sustainability in libraries : a comparative study of ecological sustainability in IFLA WLIC 2012
Improving Performance of Construction Projects
in the UAE:multi cultural and decent work perspectives
Abstract: Critical reflection on the evaluation plan of the VARPUNEN project.
Valon kaupunki : Jyväskylä = City of light
Pieces of the big picture : exploring employment of rehabilitees with European partners
Rakennushankkeessa innovoitiin = Ett innovativt bygge = An innovative construction project
Interventionist writing - joint construction and testing of new tools and models created in R&D projects
Farmer perspectives on the usefulness of technologies introduced by on-farm research : the case of the TARP II-SUA programme
Suomalainen Leader = Har du sätt den finska Leadern = Have you seen the Finnish Leader
Application for a government decision-in-principle regarding the construction of a nuclear power plant as referred to in Section 11 of the Nuclear Energy Act (990/1987)
Opening up new opportunities in gender equality work
Rutumi Manor pre-feasibility study for hotel development
ECPIP Finland final report : technology enabled process development in project networks
Murmansk region : investments and innovations : catalogue of projects and proposals
Proposal for the governement of Finland : Kenya participatory forestry programme august 1998 - july 2002
Concept and development study for a Guggenheim Helsinki
Empirical research on the success of production control in building construction projects
The Oxford handbook of applied ethnomusicology
Final folder : the collection of final folders by Empower Professionals
Terminology work in IUFRO with special emphasis on the Silva Voc Project
On an example of a post-formal education : on social sustainability VOLUME I, II and III
Transaction costs under the Finnish CDM/JI Pilot Programme
How to write effective EU proposals : a practical guide on getting funding for Horizon 2020
Proactive management of uncertainty using the successive principle : a practical way to manage opportunities and risks
Project proposal writing
Musei e paesaggi culturali = Museums and cultural landscapes : in Emilia-Romagna
Project team dynamics : enhancing performance, improving results
A tropical rainforest : the nature of biodiversity in Borneo at Belalong, Brunei
GEF policies, operations, and future development : address to the second GEF assembly, October 16. 2002, Beijing, China
Green thoughts, green futures : planning for energy efficient cities
PEI system evaluation project : decision support tool. 4, Preparing for media communications about cross-sectoral reallocation
The Managing Art Projects with Societal Impact project has been created to increase the level of knowledge and competence of cultural managers who engage in managing and mediating art projects with societal impact. The published study book by the project Managing Art Projects with Societal Impact meets the demand for developing specific management skills by discussing the intersections of art, society and impacts and their relation to different policies, as well as identifying the central managerial aspects that are relevant to increasing the societal influence of the arts. This guide, based on the contribution of project’s study book, presents some tools and models with illustrative cases and examples, which seek to reflect diverse reader experiences, learning methods and ideas for managing art projects with societal impact.
Ketteli people and the oil refinery : an empirical study of attitude formation and change
Afforestation projects
Managing difficult projects
The Horizon 2020 work programme 2014-15 : digital opportunities for cultural heritage
Boasting sales of more than 200,000 copies, "Fundamentals of Project Management "has helped generations of project managers navigate the ins and outs of every aspect of this complex discipline. But much has changed in recent years. Fully updated in accordance with the latest version of the" Project Management Body of Knowledge" (PMBOK(R)), the fifth edition of this classic text remains the perfect introduction to the subject, showing readers how to: Clarify project goals and objectives - Develop a work breakdown structure - Create a project risk plan - Produce a realistic schedule - Manage change requests - Control and evaluate progress at every stage - Lead the project team The book contains new information and expanded coverage on topics including estimating; stakeholder management; procurement management; creating a communication plan; project closure; requirements for PMP certification; and much more. Chock full of tools, techniques, examples, and instructive exercises, this up-to-the-minute guide will help you plan and execute projects on time, on budget - and with maximum efficiency.
For the good of society : public participation in the siting of nuclear and hydro power projects in Finland
The Suitability of Thinking Portfolio® Software in Project Reporting. Case: Cargotec
Delivering project excellence with the statement of work
20:20 project management : how to deliver on time, on budget and on spec
Finlands Action Plan for Central and Eastern Europe : Cooperation between Finland and the Baltic countries; List of ongoing projects : April 1999.
Community cohesion at the local level : addressing the needs of Muslim Communities : examples of local initiatives
BIM requirements  from October 1st, 2007 : basic principles
Software engineering project management
Megaprojects and risk : an anatomy of ambition
Targeted measures bring the greatest benefits for environmental protection in agriculture : final report of the TEHO Plus project (2011–2014)
Presentation of the four wreck sites within the project : Finland
The impact of national innovation system on entrepreneurial venture creation process
Sara - suuntana arvoverkottunut rakentaminen 2003-2007 : loppuraportti = Sara - Value networks in construction 2003-2007 : final report
Evaluation : meta-analysis of development evaluations in 2006
Risk management in ERP Projects : Case: Upgrading to Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009
Finland's Strategy for Co-operation in the neighbouring areas of North-West Russia and the Baltic Republics : Adopted by the Governmental Committee of Foreign and Security Policy on 10th May 1996.
CIM coursebook : Project management in marketing
From conventions to convictions or to cooperation? : cultural heritage and forestry in Finland
Inspirer of the modern librarian
Challenge in Content Acquisition for Project Plan : Case Future Learning Lapland
Contradictions of collaborative writing in practice-oriented developmental project between school and work
How to carry out register-based health services research in Finland? : compiling complex study data in the REDD project
What is MoSS?
Good governance manual : management guidelines for the Abilis Partnership Programme
Recommendations for wind energy projects in cold climates
Managing art projects with societal impact : in a nutshell
Experiences of the underwater positioning system : Aqua-Metre D100
Socioeconomic evaluation of megaprojects : dealing with uncertainties
Competence foresight in local government services : final report
Project management life cycle : a complete step-by-step methodology for initiating, planning, executing and closing the project successfully
Goal directed project management : effective techniques and strategies
Lonely writers: assessment of KEPA's information officer co-operation : case study of Thailand and Indonesia
Fundamentals of project management
Planning for success : participatory project planning
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
Resettlement from the Russian North : an analysis of state -induced relocation policy
Information systems project management : how to deliver function and value in information technology projects
Fundamentals of technology project management
Superior medicine : physical activity
Moving in! : art-based approaches to work with the youth : MIMO project 2010–2013
Interventionist writing in research and developmental projects
Project management: Case study: Heat treatment test cycle in CLIC
Finnishness in cross cultural interaction in international engineering projects
Better learning for better health care : HEI-ICI projects and practices
Abc art Berlin contemporary - def drafts establishing future : public art projects for urban space
Privatized infrastructure : the Build Operate Transfer approach
Conference report : the Viking Age in Finland seminars : 28th-29th, April, 2011 and 11th-12th November, 2011, Helsinki, Finland
Analysis of lake and river flow regime alteration to assess impacts of hydraulic structures
Evaluation guidelines : between past and future
Keys to the future : environmental expertise at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Biodiversity support program : a consortium of World Wildlife Fund, the Nature Conservancy, and World Resources Institute funded by the US Agency for International Development
Traumatized borders : reviving subversive narratives of b/order, and other : projektiesittely
Finlands Action Plan for Central and Eastern Europe : List of ongoing projects supporting the EU-integration in the Baltic countries : October 1997.
Critical reflection on the evaluation plan of the VARPUNEN project
Report on the working visit to Iramba District during winter 2007
New methods in food processing
The practical guide to project management documentation
Managing projects in trouble : achieving turnaround and success
Code of estimating practice
