http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5405 mysticism
mysticism
Hildegard of Bingen : an anthology
The elements of mysticism
Anaswitch
The hundred letters
“The liturgist is a general practitioner who sees a lot in his practice and for whom virtually everything is important”. The phrase from the Introduction to the book offers a useful starting point for understanding what the authors essentially want to convey. While much may be important, this volume addresses specifically the relation between liturgy and mystery. Many of the contributing authors recognise the bodied reality of mystery as crucial to the “health” of liturgical relationship. The contributors acknowledge that neither the “practitioner” as liturgist, nor the theologian alone can provide the necessary “life-giving connections” that help mediate between liturgy and mystery. Thus, the skills and knowledge from various liturgical traditions and denominations are utilised to explore: (1) the gospels and Christ event, (2) the ongoing process of tradition through verbal and non-verbal means, (3) the transparency of mystery itself, (4) the partaking in the Mystery through the links with other areas and commitments of life, and (5) the revision of the classical approach to the relationship between liturgy and systematic theology. This paired liturgical and theological investigation ultimately opens ways for understanding what liturgy itself is, and what theology maybe should be.
The yogi and the mystic : studies in Indian and comparative mysticism
The nature of mystical experiences
The sacred history : how angels, mystics and higher intelligence made our world
Bhagavad Gita : the beloved Lord's secret love song
Islamic spirituality and modern science : the scientific bases of Sufism
The modern Christian mystic : finding the unitive presence of God
Nocturnal music in the land of the sufis : unheard Pakistan
Horses and the mystical path : the Celtic way of expanding the human soul
Introduction to Sufism : the inner path of Islam
Body of wisdom : women's spiritual power and how it serves
I, Caterina : selected writings
The mystic experience : a descriptive and comparative analysis
Swimming with dolphins : a healing experience
The mystic mind : the Psychology of Medieval Mystics and Ascetics
Meditation and Kabbalah
Mediating mysteries, understanding liturgies : on bridging the gap between liturgy and systemactic theology
The Cell of self-knowledge : early English mystical treatises
"In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions : What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives."
An introduction to Sufism : the mystical dimension of Islam
Mysterium Magnum : an exposition of the first Book of Moses called Genesis. Vol. 1
The big red book : the great masterpiece celebrating mystical love and friendship : odes and quatrains from the shams
Chuang Tzǔ : taoist philosopher and Chinese mystic
Entering the circle : ancient secrets of Siberian wisdom discovered by a Russian psychiatrist
Islamic mystical poetry  : sufi verse from the mystics to Rumi
The study of mysticism : a methodological essay
The forty rules of love
Destiny, freedom, and the soul : what is the meaning of life?
Jewish mysticism : an anthology
2015 marks the five-hundredth anniversary of the Spanish mystic St. Teresa of Avila. This volume of the Journal of ESWTR is therefore dedicated to the issue of mysticism and gender. The mystical experience is a radical confrontation with oneself, where one recognizes one's boundaries and is at the same time called to transgress them; it is a mystical transformation of the self that then will be able to transform unjust structures. Can mysticism today still unfold these capacities of transformation of self and societies, given the problems we are faced with? Using gender as a category of analysis, and adopting a gender-sensitive stand, the articles in this volume explore questions such as: How do issues of gender shape the relationship between mysticism and power? How have women mystics contributed to the field of mysticism? How can mysticism unfold a transformative power, both for individuals and societies? In short, what do we mean by mysticism today?
The time's legacy
Mysticism : a study in the nature and development of Man's spiritual consciousness
The cloud of unknowing and other works
The Holy Name : Mysticism in Judaism
The Seer
Christian mystics : the spiritual heart of the christian tradition
Mysticism and the mystical experience : east and west
Mysticism, sacred and profane : an inquiry into some varieties of praeternatural experience
The secret doctrine of the Rosicrucians : illustrated with the secret Rosicrucian symbols
The Mystery Schools of Egypt, Greece, and Rome understood that vibration is the fundamental active force in the universe and developed specific chants and tones for healing the mind, body, and spirit and achieving altered states of consciousness. Overtone chanting--also called vocal harmonics--is the ability of the human voice to create two or more notes at the same time. Healing Soundsexplains how to perform vocal harmonics and experience their transformative and curative powers. An internationally recognized master teacher, the author provides diverse examples of sound healing systems incorporating both mystical and medical traditions--from Tibetan monks' use of tantric harmonics to Dr. Alfred Tomatis' use of Gregorian chanting--and their capacity to affect us on all levels. With many easy-to-follow exercises, Healing Soundsis the first book to show from both the scientific and spiritual viewpoints how to use the transformative power of sound for healing on physical, emotional, mental, and spiritual levels.
The Persian mystics. Jámí
The mystics of Islam
The wisdom in the Hebrew alphabet : the sacred letters as guide to Jewish deed and thought
You are the universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
The Tantric body : the secret tradition of Hindu religion
The book of imaginary beings
Hildegardis Bingensis Opera minora. II
Mysticism examined : philosophical inquiries into mysticism
Living sufism
The book of concealed mystery
Salem Brownstone : all along the watchtowers
Christian mysticism : considered in eight lectures delivered before the University of Oxford
The origins of Jewish mysticism
The esoteric teachings : a Christian approach to truth
Why I am a Muslim : an American odyssey
Mysterium Magnum : an exposition of the first Book of Moses called Genesis. Vol. 2
The executive mystic : psychic power tools for success
The illustrated man
The ancient mysteries : a sourcebook of  sacred texts
Le milieu divin : an essay on the interior life
The Shambhala guide to sufism
Shamans, mystics and doctors : a psychological inquiry into India and its healing traditions
The mystical theology of the ven. f. John of Jesus Mary discalced carmelite, Calagorritan : general introduction
Season of the witch : how the occult saved rock and roll
God is a verb : Kabbalah and the practice of mystical Judaism
What does that mean? : exploring mind, meaning and mysteries
The complete works
The Book of the lover and the beloved
Bread & water, wine & oil : an Orthodox Christian experience of God
Healing sounds : the power of harmonics
Mysticism : a study and an anthology
Eric Hermelin and mystical hermeneutics : interpretation beyond itself
The reluctant  Messiah : an historical novel
Sādhus : holy men of India
Mystical experience and religious doctrine : an investigation of the study of mysticism in world religions
Dimensions of mystical experiences : empirical studies and psychological links
Lectures on ancient philosophy : an introduction to practical ideas
The hermetic museum : alchemy & mysticism
From John of Apamea to Mark's Gospel : two dialogues with Thomasios: a hermeneutical reading of Horáō, Blépō, and Theōréō
Theologia Germanica : which setteth forth many fair lineaments of divine truth and saith very lofty and lovely things touching a perfect life : Theologia Deutsch
Never mind : a journey into non-duality
Rumi's little book of life : the garden of the soul, the heart, and the spirit
The great approach  : new light and life for humanity
The life and times of Shaikh Nizam-u'd-Din Auliya
Ancestral dialogues : the photographs of Albert Chong
A course in miracles : text, workbook, manual for teachers
The book tries to demonstrate the scientific reality of Islamic spirituality and clarify the misunderstandings and confusions about Islamic spirituality on scientific grounds. Scientific orthodoxy refers to magnetic sensitivity in human beings, electromagnetic energies that permeate our atmosphere, the flow of positive and negative ions in the atmosphere affecting human brain activity, the function of the pineal gland and many other empirical sources of transcendent experience that are yet to be investigated. This magnetic energy basis of spiritual experience, which the scientific camp has been forced into revealing, has proved to be a welcome development of modern science from the point of view of Islamic spirituality.
Christian mysticism and Subud
The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam explained
Lucid living : life is a dream and you can wake up
Late Medieval Mysticism
Mystical Islam : an introduction to Sufism
The art of sexual magic : how to use sexual energy to transform your life
Two worlds are ours : an introduction to Christian mysticism
Concerning the three principles of the divine essence. Part 1
Codex Rosae Crucis : a rare and curious manuscript of Rosicrucian interest, now published for the first time in its original form
Wege mystischer Gotteserfahrung : Judentum, Christentum und Islam = Mystical approaches to God : Judaism, Christianity, and Islam
In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions: What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives.
Maitreya's mission. Volume two
Mysticism and gender = Mística y género = Mystik und Geschlecht
Magic and mystery in Tibet
Concerning the three principles of the divine essence. Part 2
The essence of Kabbalah
Foundations of Tibetan mysticism according to the esoteric teachings of the great Mantra Om mani padme hum
River of destiny
The Theophaneia School : Jewish roots of Eastern Christian mysticism
The way of the Sufi
Echo : atomic dreams
Swedenborg's journal of dreams 1743-1744
The gnostic imagination : Gnosticism, Mandaeism and Merkabah mysticism
A kabbalistic universe
Mysticism and religion
The Kabbalistic tradition : an anthology of Jewish mysticism
The first German philosopher : the mysticism of Jakob Böhme as interpreted by Hegel
Mysticism and mystic sects among the Jews, the Mohamedans, and the Zoroastrians a comparative study
Mystical theology
Beyond language and reason : mysticism in Indian Buddhism
The unforgotten coat
The complete idiot's guide to Jewish spritiuality & mysticism
The essential Kabbalah : the heart of Jewish mysticism
Mysticism and the Eastern Church
Mystery and the making of a Christian historical consciousness : from Paul to the second century
The celestine vision : living the new spiritual awareness
Leaves of Morya's Garden. Book One : The Call 1924
The esoteric practice : Christian meditations & exercises
Boredom and the religious imagination
The complete guide to world mysticism
Modern mystics and sages
Hide and seek : a lying game novel
Mysticism : the nature and development of spiritual consciousness
Dance of shadows
Studies in Islamic mysticism
Growth to selfhood : the Sufi contribution
By the river Piedra I sat down and wept
Mystical concepts in Chassidism : an introduktion to Kabbalistic concepts and doctrines
Sufism : message of brotherhood, harmony, and hope
You are the Universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
The hidden and manifest God : some major themes in early Jewish mysticism
Eastern mysticism. Volume 1, The Near East and India
Ramakrishna and his disciples
Revelations of divine love
Mysticism, window on a world view
Sufis and sufism : some reflections
Summary.
To a god unknown
The wisdom of China
The Holy Name : mysticism in Judaism
The image of the invisible God : essays on the influence of Jewish mysticism on early christology
Mysticism, mind, consciousness
Mysticism and philosophy
The quiet girl
Theodore Roethke's mystic journey toward light : an analysis of the journey on the basis of the nature images
The life and teaching of Nāropa : translated from the original Tibetan with a philosophical commentary based on the oral transmission
Kabbalah for life : how to use the power and wisdom of this ancient tradition
Thomas Merton : essential writings
This magnum opus incorporates more than a century of new research from around the globe, demonstrating how the period from 1350-1550 gave rise to many mystical writers who remain influential today, including Julian of Norwich, Jan van Ruusbroec, and Catherine of Siena. With an unmatched knowledge of primary works and relevant scholarship, McGinn conveys the unique genius of each mystical teacher and describes how the movement built on individual insights. Specific types of mysticism covered include literature in Middle Dutch, and work in Italian and English in the late medieval period. --
Mysticism is the aura of our minds
The Tantric mysticism of Tibet : a practical guide
Kabbalah for beginners : a beginner's guide to hidden wisdom
The Christian mystery : from pagan myth to Christian mysticism
Signature of all things ... and other writings
The secret rooms
Facets of unity : the enneagram of holy ideas
Kabbalah, science and the meaning of life
The Beloved and I : new jubilees version of sacred scripture with verse commentaries. Vol. 2
Essays in Islamic philosophy, theology, and mysticism
The prophet
The wisdom of the overself
Presence of God : a history of western Christian mysticism. Vol. 5, The varieties of vernacular mysticism, 1350-1550
The tao of physics : an exploration of the parallels between modern physics and Eastern mysticism
Pascal and the mystical tradition
Dictionary of mysticism and the esoteric traditions
Saints, gurus and mystics of India. Vol. 1
The tenth insight : holding the vision : further adventures of the Celestine prophecy
Ibn al-Arabi on the mysteries of bearing witness to the oneness of God and prophethood of Muhammad
The revelations of St Birgitta : a study and edition of the Birgittine-Norwegian texts, Swedish National Archives, E8092
Gates of light
Mysticism and vocation
The Didascalicon of Hugh of St. Victor : a medieval guide to the arts
The religion of man
Foundations of Tibetan mysticism : the esoteric teachings of Tibetan Buddhism
In general, theological terms this study examines the interplay of early Christian understandings of history, revelation, and identity. The book explores this interaction through detailed analysis of appeals to "mystery" in the Pauline letter collection and then the discourse of previously hidden but newly revealed mysteries in various second-century thinkers. T.J. Lang argues that the historical coordination of the concealed/revealed binary ("the mystery previously hidden but presently revealed") enabled these early Christian authors to ground Christian claims - particularly key ecclesial, hermeneutical, and christological claims - in Israel's history and in the eternal design of God while at the same time accounting for their revelatory newness. This particular Christian conception of time gives birth to a new and totalizing historical consciousness, and one that has significant implications for the construction of Christian identity, particularly vis-à-vis Judaism.
Mystics
