http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5412 conversion (religion)
conversion (religion)
While adjusting to a new identity is akin to adjusting to a new set of skin, even more difficult is realising that this new skin may not be as comfortable or as pleasant as the old one. In Searching for Heaven in the Real World, Kathryn Kraft explores the breadth of psychological and societal issues faced by Arab Muslims after making a decision to adopt a faith in Christ or Christianity, investigating some of the most surprising and significant challenges new believers face. Arab Muslims arrive at a point of new faith with great expectations. With such high hopes for what they will experience in their new identity, they are bound to encounter a reality that is different. They need to invest a great deal of emotional energy in addressing their expectations and what they actually encounter. Even so, those who stay the course of faith usually hold on to their dreams, believing that heaven is not only for the afterlife but it is for the real world as well.
Conversion and the politics of religion in early modern Germany
The records of the inquisition : a source of Jewish and converso history
Evangelism in the early church
Towards a new understanding of conversion
On the way to whiteness : christianization, conflict and change in colonial Ovamboland, 1910-1965
Contested conversions to Islam : narratives of religious change in the early modern Ottoman Empire
Out of Islam
Alternative futures for worship. Volume 4, Reconcilation
Slave religion : the "invisible institution" in the antebellum South
Covenant renewal and the consecration of the gentiles in Romans
Deconversion : qualitative and quantitative results from cross-cultural research in Germany and the United States of America
The paradigm of conversion in Luke
Divine disenchantment : deconverting from new religions
A debate on Jewish emancipation and Christian theology in old Berlin
Nicolas de Clamanges : spirituality, personal reform, and pastoral renewal on the eve of the reformations
In his letter to the Romans, Paul describes the community in Rome as 'holy ones'. This study considers Paul's language in relation to the Old Testament, particularly accounts of the events at Mount Sinai that established the nation of Israel and consecrated its people as God's holy people. Sarah Whittle illustrates how Paul reworks citations from Deuteronomy, Hosea, and Isaiah to incorporate the Gentiles into Israel's covenant-renewal texts. Analysing key passages, she further ties the covenant-making narrative to themes of sacrificed bodies and moral transformation, fulfilment of the Torah, the promises of the fathers, and Paul's priestly ministry. This volume argues that the latter has a climactic function in Paul's letter, overseeing the offering of the Gentiles, who are 'made holy by the holy spirit'. This study will be of interest to scholars of New Testament studies, Pauline theology, and early Christianity.
The change of conversion and the origin of Christendom
Falling from the faith : causes and consequences of religious apostasy
Leaving the Jewish fold : conversion and radical assimilation in modern Jewish history
The sickness unto death : a christian psychological exposition for edification and awakening by anti-climacus
Religion and society in Spain, c.1492
Becoming Muslim : Western women's conversions to Islam
Becoming Orthodox : a journey to the ancient Christian faith
From MTV to Mecca : how islam inspired my life
Baptism and conversion
Towards an alternative to New Testament theology : different 'paths to salvation'
William James and a science of religions : reexperiencing The varieties of religious experience
Religiöse Konversion führt zu folgenreichen Veränderungen im Lebenslauf von Menschen. Sie kann zwischenkirchliche Beziehungen belasten und zu Konflikten zwischen Religionsgemeinschaften führen. Religionswechsel als Ausdruck der Religionsfreiheit ist eine Herausforderung für viele soziale Beziehungen und staatliche Rechtsordnungen. In 43 Studien beleuchten 36 Autoren und Autorinnen aus Europa, Asien, Afrika und Amerika verschiedene Aspekte der Konversionsproblematik. Konfessions-, kultur- und kontextspezifische Auffassungen in der Weltchristenheit werden ebenso untersucht und miteinander verglichen wie der Umgang mit Konversionen in islamisch geprägten Gesellschaften und Staaten, im Hinduismus und in religiösen Traditionen Chinas. -- Religious conversion implies far-reaching changes in the lives of human beings. It can be burdensome for inter-church relationships and lead to conflicts between religious communities. Change of adherence as an expression of religious freedom challenges many social relationships as well as state laws affecting religion. The 36 authors from Europe, Asia, Africa, and the Americas analyze in 43 studies various aspects of religious conversion. Approaches which are representative of specific denominational, cultural, and contextual frameworks in World Christianity are analyzed and compared. Likewise, understandings of religious conversion in Muslim societies and states, in Hinduism and religious traditions in China are explored.
I dared to call Him Father
Soul revolution : how imperfect people become all God intended
Chinese conversion to Christianity
Unfinished evangelism
Disciples are made, not born : how to help others grow to maturity in Christ
New Muslims in the European context : the experience of Scandinavian converts
Conversion : claremont studies in the philosophy of religion, conference 2011
Conflict and conversion : Catholicism in Southeast Asia, 1500-1700
Religious conversion and modes of religiosity
Seeking Allah, finding Jesus : a devout Muslim encounters Christianity
Gentile impurities and Jewish identities : intermarriage and conversion from the Bible to the Talmud
Secret conversions to Judaism in early modern Europe
I found God's kingdom
"David Warren Sabean was a pioneer in the historical-anthropological study of kinship, community, and selfhood in early modern and modern Europe. His career has helped shape the discipline of history through his supervision of dozens of graduate students and his influence on countless other scholars. This book collects wide-ranging essays demonstrating the impact of Sabean's work has on scholars of diverse time periods and regions, all revolving around the prominent issues that have framed his career: kinship, community, and self. The significance of David Warren Sabean's scholarship is reflected in original research contributed by former students and essays written by his contemporaries, demonstrating Sabean's impact on the discipline of history"--Provided by publisher.
Returning to religion : why a secular age is haunted by faith
Of religion and empire : missions, conversion, and tolerance in Tsarist Russia
Conversion in late antiquity and the early Middle Ages : seeing and believing
Renovation of the heart : putting on the character of Christ
Conversion, intermarriage, and Jewish identity
Conversion and contextual conceptions of Christ : a missiological study among young converts in Brazzaville, Republic of Congo
Religious conversion : a meta-analytical study
The anthropology of religious conversion
The children of Ishmael
Conversion at Corinth : perspectives on conversion in Paul's theology and the Corinthian church
Religious conversion : contemporary practices and controversies
Becoming Jewish : the challenges, rewards, and paths to conversion
Facing east : a pilgrim's journey into the mysteries of Orthodoxy
Conversion to Christianity : historical and anthropological perspectives on a great transformation
Conversion : old worlds and new
Language and self-transformation : a study of the Christian conversion narrative
From death to rebirth : ritual and conversion in antiquity
Religious conversion in India : modes, motivations, and meanings
A faith fulfilled : why are Christians across Great Britain embracing Orthodoxy?
The evangelical conversion narrative : spiritual autobiography in early modern England
This book is written as a resource for scholars and students of Anabaptism and Hubmaier studies. Balthasar Hubmaier understood the church to be a visible assembly of regenerated baptized saints, who both memorized Christ's suffering on the cross in the ordinance of the Lord's Supper, and who participated in that suffering as a church under the cross. Hubmaier's doctrine of the church seems to have many parallels both in medieval and sixteenth-century Anabaptist ecclesiology; but it cannot be solidly placed in either category. -- Review: Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies
Paradigms, poetics, and politics of conversion
Varieties of religious conversion in the Middle Ages
Christians of India
The conversion of Europe : from Paganism to Christianity 371-1386 AD
Called out of darkness : a spiritual confession
Becoming Catholic : finding Rome in the American religious landscape
The Conversos and Moriscos in early modern Spain and beyond. v. 2 / The Morisco issue
Household conversion narratives in Acts : pattern and interpretation
Byzantium and the North : Acta Byzantina Fennica. Vol. 8
The significance of Yavneh and other essays in Jewish Hellenism
A guru is born : a novel
Holiness : a guide for sinners
A network of converso families in early modern Toledo : assimilating a minority
Surprised by joy
In search of meaning and identity : conversion to Christianity in Pakistani Muslim culture
Inventing the "great awakening"
Booked : literature in the soul of me
The barbarian conversion : from paganism to Christianity
The Lighthouse
Journey to islam : diary of a German diplomat (1951-2000)
Kinship, community, and self : essays in honor of David Warren Sabean
Christianity and paganism, 350-750 : the conversion of Western Europe
Searching for heaven in the real world : a sociological discussion of conversion in the Arab world
This book focuses on conversion and Christendom, and the relationship of one to the other. Alan Kreider helps readers think about the meaning of the word Christendom, its character and inner dynamics, arguing that methods of conversion produced Christendom. This study, then, examines Christendom as the product of conversion, the latter understood as changes within categories of belief, belonging, and behavior. -- "Kreider traces the changing nature of the process of conversion across some four centuries, rightly emphasizing that it does indeed change. He describes it through a careful, well-directed choice of liturgical, autobiographical, homiletic, and theological texts. I know of no better treatment of religious initiation undergone by the most seriously committed Christians of the second to sixth century." -- Ramsay MacMullen, Yale University -- "Written in a lively and clear manner, this small volume makes many connections between different aspects of Early Christian history and practice. I have learned from reading it and recommend it to both scholars and beginners." -- Paul Bradshaw, University of Notre Dame
Changing churches : an Orthodox, Catholic, and Lutheran theological conversation
One thousand gifts : a dare to live fully right where you are
The Conversos and Moriscos in early modern Spain and beyond. v. 1 / Departures and changes
A new family : conversion and ecclesiology in the Early Church with cross-cultural comparisons
Faith and Finance : predicting religious conversions in faith-based microfinance customers
Religion and modernity
Power and conversion : a comparative study of Christianization in Scandinavia
Religious conversion : a bio-psychological study
Souls in transition : the psychosocial process of conversion to Judaism
Paul the convert : the apostolate and apostasy of Saul the Pharisee
Islamic 'Da'wah' in West : Muslim missionary activity and the dynamics of conversion to Islam
The poetics of conversion in early modern English literature : verse and change from Donne to Dryden
Women embracing Islam : gender and conversion in the West
According to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (1948), religious conversion is a fundamental human right. Not all religious traditions accept this. The 32nd Conference of Philosophy of Religion at Claremont Graduate University in 2011 addressed this complex issue from religious, legal, philosophical and theological perspectives.
Religious conversion : religion scholars thinking together
In the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, thousands of ordinary women and men experienced evangelical conversion and turned to a certain form of spiritual autobiography to make sense of their lives. This book traces the rise and progress of conversion narrative as a unique form of spiritual autobiography in early modern England. After outlining the emergence of the genre in the seventeenth century and the revival of the form in the journals of the leaders of the Evangelical Revival, the central chapters of the book examine extensive archival sources to show the subtly different forms of narrative identity that appeared among Wesleyan Methodists, Moravians, Anglicans, Baptists, and others. Attentive to the unique voices of pastors and laypeople, women and men, Western and non-Western peoples, the book establishes the cultural conditions under which the genre proliferated.
Religiöse Grenzüberschreitungen : Studien zu Bekehrung, Konfessions- und Religionswechsel = Crossing religious borders : studies on conversion and religious belonging
Finding faith, losing faith : stories of conversion and apostasy
Conversion to Islam
Knowledge, consciousness and religious conversion in Lonergan and Aurobindo
Conversion in the age of pluralism
Straight to Jesus : sexual and Christian conversions in the ex-gay movement
I will pour out My Spirit : a history and theology of revivals and evangelical awakenings
Religious conversion : history, experience and meaning
Becoming Christian : the conversion of Roman Cappadocia
Two conversions to Christianity : the Bulgarians and the Anglo-Saxons
Becoming Muslim : meanings of conversion to Islam
Steven Masood : captive of the Christ
How Jesus changes lives : Christian rehabilitation in the Russian Baptist ministry
A severe mercy
Jesus' teaching on repentance
Converting cultures : religion, ideology and transformations of modernity
From my sisters' lips : a compelling celebration of womanhood - and a unique glimpse into the world of Islam
"Questions of conversion have been amongst the most fraught issues on the internal Jewish agenda in Israel, the United States, and elsewhere. This monograph represents the first collection of essays and articles by leading scholars and rabbis on the topics of intermarriage, conversion, and Jewish identity"--
Marcel, Girard, Bakhtin : the return of conversion
Son of Hamas : a gripping account of terror, betrayal, political intrigue and unthinkable choices
Textualising religious experience
The classics on revival
Conversion in the Pacific : eastern Polynesian Latter-day Saints' conversion accounts and their development of a LDS identity
Once an Arafat man : the true story of how a PLO sniper found a new life
Strangers no more : one family's exceptional journey from Christianity to Judaism
The turn of the soul : representations of religious conversion in early modern art and literature
Leaving the fold : apostates and defectors in antiquity
Reconceptualising conversion : patronage, loyalty and conversion in the religions of the ancient Mediterranean
"In a work of splendid scholarship that reflects both a firm mastery of difficult sources and a keen intuition, one of Britain's foremost medievalists tells the story of the Christianization of Europe. It is a very large story, for conversion encompassed much more than religious belief. With it came enormous cultural change: Latin literacy and books, Roman notions of law and property, and the concept of town life, as well as new tastes in food, drink, and dress. Whether from faith or by force, from self-interest or by revelation, conversion had an immense impact that is with us even today. It is Richard Fletcher's achievement in this superb work that he makes that impact both felt and understood." -- Book cover.
Coming home : why Protestant clergy are becoming Orthodox
Edith Stein : essential writings
Conversion among the Germanic peoples
The convert kings : power and religious affiliation in early Anglo-Saxon England
The cross and the switchblade
Process, praxis, and transcendence
The conversion of Iceland : a survey
Rank and religion in Tikopia : a study in Polynesian paganism and conversion to Christianity
Modern Christian revivals
Understanding religious conversion
Conversion has been an essential element of Christianity, and especially of Roman Catholicism, for centuries--from the Apostle Paul's dramatic conversion on the road to Damascus to the spiritual transformations of such prominent modern individuals as Cardinal Newman, St. Elizabeth Ann Seton, Thomas Merton, and G.K. Chesterton. In a 1926 essay, Chesterton expressed reluctance to describe his conversion, on account of "a strong feeling that this method makes the business look much smaller than it really is." As David Yamane shows in Becoming Catholic, the business was not only spiritually but literally very large, and growing ever larger: roughly 150,000 Americans join the Catholic Church each year, and more than one in fifty American adults is a Catholic convert. Altogether, these 5.85 million individuals are the fifth-largest religious group in America. In this first significant study of the phenomenon of Roman Catholic conversion in the contemporary United States, Yamane provides an in-depth look at the process of adult initiation in the twenty-first century Catholic Church, including the new process of spiritual formation--called the Rite of Christian Initiation of Adults (RCIA)--that was ushered in by Vatican II. The RCIA process, which has become an integral part of Catholic parish life, takes individuals on a journey through four distinct, formative periods, punctuated by elaborate ritual transitions, before they are finally baptized at Easter. Drawing on years of observational fieldwork and candid interviews with more than 200 individuals undergoing the initiation process, Yamane follows would-be Catholics through all four stages of the RCIA and offers an incisive new perspective on what it means to choose Catholicism in America today. -- Provided by publisher.
Transforming identity : the ritual transition from gentile to Jew - structure and meaning
Ties that bind : life together in the Baptist vision
From dust to God's glory
A locus of exogenisation in Fiji : traditions of disjuncture and the renunciation of tradition in a western Polynesian context
Handbook of religious conversion
Islamic liberation theology : resisting the empire
Your name is Krishangi : a graphic novel
Quiché rebelde : religious conversion, politics, and ethnic identity in Guatemala
Balthasar Hubmaier's doctrine of the Church
Paul and the new perspective : second thoughts on the origin of Paul's Gospel
Conversion after socialism : disruptions, modernisms, and technologies of faith in the former Soviet Union
Hanging between heaven and earth : capital crime, execution preaching, and theology in early New England
Confessions of the shtetl : converts from Judaism in imperial Russia, 1817-1906
Religion in South Asia : religious conversion and revival movements in South Asia in medieval and modern times
The rise of Christianity in Northern Europe, 300-1000
Religious conversion and disaffiliation : tracing patterns of change in faith practices
Conversion-initiation and the baptism in the Holy Spirit : a critique of James D.G. Dunn, Baptism in the Holy Spirit
The varieties of religious experience : a study in human nature, being the Gifford lectures on natural religion delivered at Edinburgh in 1901-1902
