http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5411 remorse
remorse repentance regret
Retribution, repentance, and reconciliation : papers read at the 2002 Summer Meeting and the 2003 Winter Meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
Ordering women's lives : penitentials and nunnery rules in the early medieval West
Joy-bearing grief : tears of contrition in the writings of the early Syrian and Byzantine fathers
This must be the place
The wish list
Repetance : a comparative perspective
Holiness : a guide for sinners
The sacrament of confession and the confessor
The practice of penance, 900-1050
Speaker for the dead
No regrets : remorse in Classical antiquity
Remorse : psychological and jurisprudential perspectives
The politics of regret : on collective memory and historial responsibility
Repentance in late antiquity : eastern asceticism and the framing of the Christian life c.400-650 CE
The essence of teshuvah : a path to repentance
Emily on poissa = The crossing guard
Good and evil : an absolute conception
Finney's systematic theology : lectures on classes of truths, moral government, the atonement, moral and physical depravity, natural, moral, and gracious ability, repentance, faith, justification, sanctification, election, divine sovereignty & perseverance of the saints
"This book describes how the states in post-1945 Austria, Germany, and Japan have tried to deal with the legacy of the Second World War and how their policies have affected their relations with other countries in the region"
"We live in an age of apology and recrimination. Over the past two decades, the world has witnessed an unprecedented outpouring of expressions of contrition by political leaders for past injustices their countries are held responsible for. At the same time, there has been an upsurge in demands for apologies, restitution and variety of forms of compensation on the behalf of groups and nations that feel they have been victimized. The Federal Republic of Germany may well be the paradigmatic example of this trend. More than sixty years after the end of World War II it continues to wrestle with the legacies of the Third Reich, offering long-overdue compensation to the hundreds of thousands of former slave laborers while arguing with the governments of Poland and the Czech Republic over how to commemorate the millions of ethnic Germans who were driven out of Eastern Europe in the aftermath of the war. Germany might seem to have long been a special case in this regard, burdened as it is by an especially terrible history. Yet other examples abound: the bitter disputes between Russia and its neighbors over how to view the Soviet Union, the disagreement between Israelis and Palestinians over whether the Arab population in Israel had fled or were driven from their homes in 1947, or repeated accusations in Asia that Japan has failed to apologize adequately for its history of atrocity and aggression before 1945. And the list could well be extended almost ad infinitum"
The call to repentance is central to the message of early Christianity. While this is undeniable, the precise meaning of the concept of repentance for early Christians has rarely been investigated to any great extent, beyond studies of the rise of penitential discipline. In this study, the rich variety of meanings and applications of the concept of repentance are examined, with a particular focus on the writings of several ascetic theologians of the fifth to seventh centuries. These theologians provide some of the most sustained and detailed elaborations of the concept of repentance in late antiquity: SS Mark the Monk, Barsanuphius and John of Gaza, and John Climacus. They predominantly see repentance as a positive, comprehensive idea that serves to frame the whole of Christian life, not simply one or more of its parts.
Honest patriots : loving a country enough to remember its misdeeds
The role and function of repentance in Luke-Acts
Emerald City : and other stories
Seeking the favor of god, 2. Volume 2, The development of penitential prayer in Second Temple Judaism
Miserere mei : the penitential Psalms in late medieval and early modern England
Sex and the new medieval literature of confession, 1150-1300
The paradigm of conversion in Luke
The Christian understanding of atonement
Tony and Susan
The memory keeper's daughter
The Penitentiary as a Well of Grace in the Late Middle Ages : the example of the province of Uppsala 1448-1527
On the waterfront
"Explores the role of the sacrament of penance in the religion and society of early modern Spain. Examines how secular and ecclesiastical authorities used confession to defend against heresy and to bring reforms to the Catholic Chiurch"--Provided by publishers.
Restoring the fallen : a team approach to caring, confronting & reconciling
Remorse and reparation
Lost icons : reflections on cultural bereavement
The island : there is no sanctuary from sin
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 96, On repentance and almsgiving
Seeking the favor of god. Volume 2, The development of penitential prayer in Second Temple Judaism
Snowfall at Willow Lake
The return of YHWH : the tension between deliverance and repentance in Isaiah 40-55
The literature of penance in Anglo-Saxon England
The seven psalms : a commentary on the penitential psalms translated from French into English by Dame Eleanor Hull
The mystical dimension. Vol. 2, Deep calling unto deep : the dynamics of prayer and Teshuvah in the perspective of Chassidism
Soul mending : the art of spiritual direction
War, guilt, and world politics after World War II
Developments in genre between post-exilic penitential prayers and the psalms of communal lament
The unlikely pilgrimage of harold fry
Flowers from the desert : sayings on humility, obedience, repentance, and love from the Christian hermits of ancient times
The collected works. Vol. 1, The inner kingdom
Remorse, penal theory and sentencing
Oxford studies in agency and responsibility. Volume 1
Dumb chocolate eyes
Rituals and ethics : patterns of repentance Judaism, Christianity, Islam ; Second International Conference of Mediterraneum
Jacob's well, an English treatise on the cleansing of man's conscience. Part 1
It was one of those childhood friendships of convenience - two lads in the same village who go to the same school. But then Cassidy gets it into his head that they should set traps for rats in his garden, and things start to go very, very wrong / WorldCat.
Harlots of the desert : a study of repentance in early monastic sources
A new history of penance
Related lives : confessors and their female penitents, 1450-1750
Guilt : the bite of conscience
Wounds not healed by time : the power of repentance and forgiveness
Risk and rationality : effects of contextual risk and cognitive dissonance on (sexual) incentives
No Regrets: Remorse in Classical Antiquity is the first sustained study examining the circumstances under which the emotions of remorse and regret were manifested in Greek and Roman public life. Despite a still-common notion that remorse is a modern, monotheistic emotion, it argues that remorse did in fact exist in pre-Christian antiquity. By discussing the standard lexical denotations of remorse, Fulkerson shows how its parameters were rather different from its modern counterpart. Remorse in the ancient world was normally not expressed by high-status individuals, but by their inferiors, notably women, the young, and subjects of tyrants, nor was it redemptive, but often served to show defect of character. Through a series of examples, especially poetic, historical, and philosophical texts, this book demonstrates this was so because of the very high value placed on consistency of character in the ancient world. High-status men, in particular, faced constant challenges to their position, and maintaining at least the appearance of uniformity was essential to their successful functioning. The redemptive aspects of remorse, of learning from one's mistakes, were thus nearly absent in the ancient world.
The sacrament of penance and religious life in golden age Spain
This study examines all forms of penitential practice in the Ottonian and Salian Reich, c.900-c.1050. This crucial period in the history of penance, falling between the Carolingians' codification of public and private penance, and the promotion of the practice of confession in the thirteenth century, has largely been ignored by historians.
Master of penance : Gratian and the development of penitential thought and law in the twelfth century
The apologist
On apology
Sacramental penance in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries
Repentance and confession : spiritual life series - 1
Shame between punishment and penance = La honte entre peine et pénitence
The penitents' treasury : indulgences in Latin Christendom, 1175-1375
