http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5415 conscience
conscience
The theology of the cross : reflections on themes from Finnish American Lutheran heritage
Contexts of conscience in early modern Europe, 1500-1700
Conscience in the New Testament : a study of Syneidesis in the New Testament in the light of its sources, and with particular reference to St. Paul: with some observations regarding its pastoral relevance today
Vladimir Jankélévitch was one of the most distinctive voices in twentieth-century philosophy. In The Bad Conscience, Vladimir lays the foundations for his later work, Forgiveness, grappling with the conditions that give rise to the moral awareness without which forgiveness would make no sense. This is an English-language translation of his work.
Integrity and conscience
Mastering self-leadership : empowering yourself for personal excellence
By showing how Langland transformed Conscience as he composed the A, B and C texts of Piers Plowman, Sarah Wood offers a new approach to reading the serial versions of the poem. While the three versions have customarily been read in parallel-text formats, she demonstrates that Langland's revisions are newly comprehensible if read in sequence.
Voices : the educational formation of conscience
Conscience and its critics : Protestant conscience, Enlightenment reason, and modern subjectivity
Property, moral conflict and temptation
Emotions : their cognitive base and ontological importance
Change the world for a fiver : 50 actions to change the world and make you feel good
Christian ethics : an introduction
The "I" , the "you" and the soul : an ethics of conscience
The representation of self-efficacy experienced by an upper secondary school student
The marble faun; or, The romance of Monte Beni
Difficult temperament predicts self-esteem in adolescence
Guilt and gratitude : a study of the origins of contemporary conscience
The fear of openness : an essay on friendship and the roots of morality
Your face tomorrow. 3 : Poison, shadow and farewell
Hannah Arendt : practice, thought and judgement
Conscience and the composition of Piers Plowman
The assurance of faith : conscience in the theology of Martin Luther and John Calvin
"Through Narcissus' Glass Darkly" presents a genealogy and critique of the ideal of conscience in modern philosophical theology, particularly in the writings of Hobbes, Rousseau, and Kant. It shows why the apparently emancipatory rejection of heteronomy compromised the ideal of self-legislated freedom.Left to itself, the conscientious individual has only the world it legitimates through self-relating. But given that any other world is inconceivable, the conscientious individual can never know whether its world is just or merely the expression of self-interest. Paradoxically, Pacini argues, the most formidable proponents of the modern religion of conscience share with their critics a common problem: the self-legislating self has become both indispensable and impossible within much of modern philosophy and theology. This unique and interdisciplinary interpretation of conscience makes an important contribution for scholars and students of modern philosophy, Christian theology, psychoanalytic theory, and literary criticism.
Describing the political effects of Original Sin, Professor Budziszewski shows how man's suppression of his knowledge of right and wrong corrupts his conscience and accelerates social collapse. The depraved conscience grasps at the illusion of "moral neutrality," the absurd notion that men live together without a shared understanding of how things are. After evaluating the political devices, including the American Constitution, by which men have tried in the past to work around the effects of Original Sin, Dr. Budziszewski elucidates the pitfalls of contemporary communitarianism, liberalism, and conservatism.
Bluebeard gothic : Jane Eyre and its progeny
Conscience : the search for truth
Self-esteem and strength training in women
Conscience and corporate culture
The Renaissance conscience
Fighting the good fight
Confronting the truth : conscience in the Catholic tradition
Crime and punishment
Human conscience and Muslim-Christian relations : modern Egyptian thinkers on al-ḍamīr
Moral conscience through the ages : fifth century BCE to the present
Self-acceptance and good self-esteem : a basis for well-being
Parental practices, self-esteem and adult temperament : 17-year follow-up study of four population-based age cohorts
Determined to overreach his humanity and assert his untrammelled individual will, Raskolnikov, an impoverished student living in the St. Petersburg of the Tsars, commits an act of murder and theft and sets into motion a story which, for its excrutiating suspense, its atmospheric vividness, and its profundity of characterization and vision, is almost unequaled in the literatures of the world. The best known of Dostoevsky's masterpieces, Crime and Punishment can bear any amount of rereading without losing a drop of its power over our imagination.
The argument from conscience to the existence of God according to J. H. Newman
Freedom of conscience : proceedings : seminar
"The Renaissance Conscience presents one of the first modern studies to explore the variety of ways in which people during the Renaissance conversed with - and let themselves be guided by - their conscience. Through the careful examination of a wide range of extant sources including theological manuals, legal treatises, letters, and literary and autobiographical texts, the authors illustrate how individuals in England and the Hispanic world during the period of the Renaissance sought to reconcile their private and public selves, and thus establish and protect their identity. Individual essays demonstrate the significance, diversity, and fluidity of notions of conscience in the early modern world. These thought-provoking case studies also reveal how authority figures and commoners from two distinct cultural spheres struggled with similar issues and did so with explicit reference to shared scholastic and humanist traditions - often with similar outcomes. The Renaissance Conscience sheds important new light on the ways in which medieval and Renaissance discourses on conscience impacted upon early modern life and anticipated contemporary notions of moral autonomy"--
Moral Tension in the Psyche: A Jungian Interpretation of Managers' Moral Experiences
The revenge of conscience : politics and the fall of man
Morality : religious and secular : the dilemma of the traditional conscience
Kantian ethics
The state of mind of vegetarians : psychological well-being or distress?
Guilt : the bite of conscience
Summary.
The bad conscience
Learning difficulties, social intelligence, and self-concept : connections to bully-victim problems
Secularism and freedom of conscience
Conscience and police in the Bibliothèque raisonnée des savans de l'Europe
Action and person : conscience in late scholasticism and the young Luther
Through Narcissus' glass darkly : the modern religion of conscience
Searching for the pedagogy of joy
Conscience : a very short introduction
Conscience and love in making judicial decisions
Moral disengagement : how people do harm and live with themselves
Reducing teachers` stress by understanding students` self awareness
Conscience in Philo and Paul : a conceptual history of the synoida word group
Teaching responsibility to enable cooperative learning in PE
Shame and guilt : a key to cross-cultural ministry
The voice of conscience : a political genealogy of western ethical experience
In Western thought, it has been persistently assumed that in moral and political matters, people should rely on the inner voice of conscience rather than on external authorities, laws, and regulations. This volume investigates this concept, examining the development of the Western politics of conscience, from Socrates to the present, and the formation of the Western ethico-political subject. The work opens with a discussion of the ambiguous role of conscience in politics, contesting the claim that it is the best defense against totalitarianism. It then look back at canonical authors, from the Church Fathers and Luther to Rousseau and Derrida, to show how the experience of conscience constitutes the foundation of Western ethics and politics. This unique work not only synthesizes philosophical and political insights, but also pays attention to political theology to provide a compelling and innovative argument that the experience of conscience has always been at the core of the political Western tradition.
"How do otherwise considerate human beings do cruel things and still live in peace with themselves? Drawing on his agentic theory, Dr. Bandura provides a definitive exposition of the psychosocial mechanism by which people selectively disengage their moral self-sanctions from their harmful conduct. They do so by sanctifying their harmful behavior as serving worthy causes; they absolve themselves of blame for the harm they cause by displacement and diffusion of responsibility; they minimize or deny the harmful effects of their actions; and they dehumanize those they maltreat and blame them for bringing the suffering on themselves. Dr. Bandura's theory of moral disengagement is uniquely broad in scope. Theories of morality focus almost exclusively at the individual level. He insightfully extends the disengagement of morality to the social-system level through which large-scale inhumanities are perpetrated...Moral disengagement will transform your thinking about how otherwise considerate people can behave inhumanely and still feel good about themselves." -- Book jacket.
The impartial spectator : Adam Smith's moral philosophy
Conscience and other virtues : from Bonaventure to MacIntyre
