http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5414 sin
sin
Systematic theology : biblical, historical, and evangelical. Volume 1
Be it fair trade coffee or foreign oil, our choices as consumers affect the well-being of humans around the globe, not to mention the natural world and of course ourselves. Consumption is a serious ethical issue, and Christian writers throughout history have weighed in, discussing topics such as affluence and poverty, greed and gluttony, and proper stewardship of resources. These voices are often at odds, however. In this book, Laura M. Hartman formulates a coherent Christian ethic of consumption, imposing order on the debate by dividing it into four imperatives: Christians are to consume in ways that avoid sin, embrace creation, love one's neighbor, and envision the future. An adequate ethics of consumption, she argues, must include all four considerations as tools for discernment, even when they seem to contradict one another. The book includes discussions of Christian practices such as fasting, gratitude, solidarity, gift-giving, Sabbath-keeping, and the Eucharist. Using exemplars from the Christian tradition and practical examples from everyday life, The Christian Consumer offers a thoughtful guide to ethical consumption.
Suffering and sin : interpretations of illness in the individual complaint Psalms
Deadly sins and saving virtues
Covet : a novel of the Fallen Angels
The book of the rewards of life
Holiness : a guide for sinners
Kierkegaard's concept of despair
The God who acts : philosophical and theological explorations
Shall we sin? : responding to the antinomian question in Lutheran theology
A history of sin : its evolution to today and beyond
Sickness or sin : spiritual discernment and differential diagnosis
It was you, Blue Kangaroo!
In this timely book, James Taylor takes readers on a fascinating journey to examine the origins and evolution of all seven deadly sins. Are those great sins still sins? If you were going to make a list of the seven most deadly sins today, what would it include? Taylor looks at traditional and contemporary notions of sin and shows how this key concept shapes our personal lives and society.
Jesus, Son, and Savior : a catechesis on the creed
Sex, sin and stigma : the challenges of HIV and AIDS-related stigmatisation to the understanding of sin, the human being and Christian sexual ethics
Augustine and the functions of concupiscence
Guilt and sin in traditional China
Restoring the fallen : a team approach to caring, confronting & reconciling
The Christian consumer : living faithfully in a fragile world
The tempter's voice : language and the fall in medieval literature
Describing the political effects of Original Sin, Professor Budziszewski shows how man's suppression of his knowledge of right and wrong corrupts his conscience and accelerates social collapse. The depraved conscience grasps at the illusion of "moral neutrality," the absurd notion that men live together without a shared understanding of how things are. After evaluating the political devices, including the American Constitution, by which men have tried in the past to work around the effects of Original Sin, Dr. Budziszewski elucidates the pitfalls of contemporary communitarianism, liberalism, and conservatism.
Robert of Brunne's Handlyng synne : and its French original
How to escape from guilt and shame
The seven deadly sins : Jewish, Christian, and classical reflections on human psychology
[Kierkegaard's writings]. [8], The concept of anxiety : a simple psychologically orienting deliberation on the dogmatic issue of hereditary sin
The concept of anxiety : a simple psychologically orienting deliberation on the dogmatic issue of hereditary sin
The joy of being wrong : original sin through easter eyes
The idea of divine hardening : a comparative study of the notion of divine hardening, leading astray and inciting to evil in the Bible and the Qur'an
Appendix : acta pontificum Suecica. 2, Acta poenitentiare : Auctoritate papae : the church province of Uppsala and the apostolic penitentiary 1410-1526
Original selfishness : original sin and evil in the light of evolution
Ancient Christians invoked sin to account for an astonishing range of things, from the death of God's son to the politics of the Roman Empire that worshipped him. In this book, award-winning historian of religion Paula Fredriksen tells the surprising story of early Christian concepts of sin, exploring the ways that sin came to shape ideas about God no less than about humanity. Long before Christianity, of course, cultures had articulated the idea that human wrongdoing violated relations with the divine. But Sin tells how, in the fevered atmosphere of the four centuries between Jesus and Augustine, singular new Christian ideas about sin emerged in rapid and vigorous variety, including the momentous shift from the belief that sin is something one does to something that one is born into. As the original defining circumstances of their movement quickly collapsed, early Christians were left to debate the causes, manifestations, and remedies of sin. This is a powerful and original account of the early history of an idea that has centrally shaped Christianity and left a deep impression on the secular world as well.
Sin and salvation
Beyond Eden : the biblical story of Paradise (Genesis 2-3) and its reception history
The merchant in the confessional : trade and price in the pre-Reformation penitential handbooks
Sin and forgiveness : new responses in a changing world
A study of Hata' and Hatta't in Leviticus 4-5
The affirmation that God acts in history has roots deep within the religious traditions of the West. The God depicted in biblical narrative is by no means a detached spectator, unconcerned with the course of events in the world. Rather, God engages human beings in and through their history, shaping the destinies of individuals and communities. While this way of thinking about God has profoundly shaped the theological imagination of the biblical religions, it has become a source of persistent puzzlement in modern theology. The rise of the natural sciences has demonstrated the power of understanding our world as governed by natural law, and this poses difficult questions about how God can be understood to act in a such a world. Furthermore, a compelling set of religious and ethical objections can be urged against the idea that God performs particular actions in history; the problem of evil arises here with great force. This book brings together a group of well-known philosophers and theologians for a sharply focused exchange on these crucial questions about the God who acts.
Shame and desire : emotion, intersubjectivity, cinema
"The Gospels record that Jesus purported to forgive sins. What significance would such a claim have had for his contemporaries and what would the implications have been for his identity as a first-century popular prophet? Tobias Ha;gerland answers these questions and more as he investigates the forgiveness of sins in the mission of the historical Jesus. The Gospels are interpreted within the context of first-century Judaism as part of a broader reconstruction of Jesus' career as a healer and prophet, and rhetorical criticism is introduced as a tool for explaining how the gospel tradition about Jesus and forgiveness developed. Ha;gerland combines detailed exegesis and rigorous methodology with a holistic view of the historical Jesus, evaluating recent scholarship about first-century Jewish prophets and utilizing previously neglected textual evidence to present a thorough investigation of the theology of forgiveness in early Judaism and primitive Christianity"--Provided by publisher.
Sin and salvation in the world religions : a short introduction
The purifying power of living by faith in future grace
Gravity of sin : Augustine, Luther, and Barth on homo incurvatus in se
Jesus and the forgiveness of sins : an aspect of his prophetic mission
Bound to sin : abuse, Holocaust, and the Christian doctrine of sin
Death, desire and loss in Western culture
The death of the soul in Romans 7 : sin, death, and the law in light of Hellenistic moral psychology
Guilt : the bite of conscience
Medieval women on sin and salvation : Hadewijch of Antwerp, Beatrice of Nazareth, Margaret Ebner, and Julian of Norwich
Eden's garden : rethinking sin and evil in an era of scientific promise
The Christian theology reader
Sin : the early history of an idea
The faith of the Christian church
Sin and fear : the emergence of a Western guilt culture 13th-18th centuries
Sinners by nature or sinners by choice are the traditional positions of Western and (Near) Eastern branches of the Church. John Chrysostom, an early fifth century Bishop of Constantinople, took the latter position. Having gained a basic anthropology from his training in the Greek paideia, he understood the mindset to be the centre of responsibility of the person. Then the person with a renewed mindset sets about shaping it to be conformed to the image of Christ.
Laster im Mittelalter = Vices in the Middle Ages
Sinners and the righteous : a comparative study of the Psalms of Solomon and Paul's letters
Augustine deformed : love, sin, and freedom in the western moral tradition
The treasury of Judaism : a new collection and translation of essential texts. Vol. 3, Theology
Inoboedientia retributa - psychological and theological arguments in Augustine's view of sin
Anxiety in Eden : a Kierkegaardian reading of Paradise lost
Death in holy orders
Tales of the sacred and the supernatural
Luke, the friend of sinners
Sin : a new understanding of virtue and vice
Renewal theology. [1], God, the world & redemption
Wings of forgiveness : working with the angels to release, heal, and transform
Jonathan Edwards and the metaphysics of sin
Evolution and guilt
Sin and filth in medieval culture : the devil in the latrine
The Penitentiary as a Well of Grace in the Late Middle Ages : the example of the province of Uppsala 1448-1527
God's problem : how the Bible fails to answer our most important question - why we suffer
Healing the wounded spirit
The concept of sin among Haya Lutheran Christian converted from African traditional religion
The De malo of Thomas Aquinas
The city, sin and enjoyment
Sex before sexuality : a premodern history
Surprised by sin : the reader in Paradise Lost
Paul and the power of sin : redefining "beyond the pale"
God's permission of sin : negative or conditioned decree? : a defense of the doctrine of Francisco Marin-Sola, O.P., based on the principles of Thomas Aquinas
Seven deadly sins : settling the argument between born bad and damaged good
Sin and evil : moral values in literature
God against religion : rethinking Christian theology through worship
Sacred centers and preconceived journeys : insights into the cultural construction of religious experience in Orthodox Karelia
Fortunate fallibility : Kierkegaard and the power of sin
Sold under sin? : early Christian notions of the human condition
A lust for virtue : Louis XIV's attack on sin in seventeenth-century France
The depleted self : sin in a narcissistic age
Explorations in anthropology and theology
Deadly vices
Sin, guilt and forgiveness : the hidden dimensions of a pastoral process
In defense of sin
Evil within and without : the source of sin and its nature as portrayed in second temple literature
Sin in medieval and early modern culture : the tradition of the seven deadly sins
Sin and selfish genes : Christian and biological narratives
Cosmic liturgy : the universe according to Maximus the Confessor
New Testament theology
On evil
The fall of interpretation : philosophical foundations for a creational hermeneutic
With a focus on c. 1100-c. 1800, this text explores the shifting meanings, languages, and practices of western sex.
Sin : a history
Miryam T. Brand explores how texts of the Second Temple period address the theological problem of the existence of sin and describe the source of human sin. By surveying the relevant Apocrypha, Pseudepigrapha, and Dead Sea Scrolls, as well as the works of Philo and (where relevant) Josephus, the study determines the extent to which texts' presentation of sin is influenced by genre and sectarian identification and identifies central worldviews regarding sin in the Second Temple period. The analysis is divided into two parts; the first explores texts that reflect a conviction that the source of sin is an innate human inclination, and the second analyzes texts that depict sin as caused by demons. The author demonstrates that the genre or purpose of a text is frequently a determining factor in its representation of sin, particularly influencing the text's portrayal of sin as the result of human inclination versus demonic influence and sin as a free choice or as predetermined fact. Second Temple authors and redactors chose representations of sin in accordance with their aims. Thus prayers, reflecting the experience of helplessness when encountering God, present the desire to sin as impossible to overcome without divine assistance. In contrast, covenantal texts (sectarian texts explaining the nature of the covenant) emphasize freedom of choice and the human ability to turn away from the desire to sin. Genre, however, is not the only determining factor regarding how sin is presented in these texts. Approaches to sin in sectarian texts frequently built upon already accepted ideas reflected in nonsectarian literature, adding aspects such as predestination, the periodization of evil, and a division of humanity into righteous members and evil nonmembers.
The symbolism of evil
Original sin : a code of fallibility
Classical Christianity and Rabbinic Judaism : comparing theologies
Mindset, moral choice and sin in the anthropology of John Chrysostom
Sinning in the Hebrew Bible : how the worst stories speak for its truth
Evil and the response of world religion
The revenge of conscience : politics and the fall of man
The experience of God : Orthodox dogmatic theology. Vol. 2 : The world: creation and deification
Good and evil : interpreting a human condition
The Cambridge companion to Abelard
The wish list
In defense of sentimentality
A brief inquiry into the meaning of sin and faith : with "on my religion"
A history of sin
Sins and sinners : perspectives from Asian religions
A more profound alleluia : theology and worship in harmony
