http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5420 asphalt
asphalt
Soils manual for the design of asphalt pavement structures
Finnish Asphalt Specifications 2000
Eighth international conference on asphalt pavements : August 10-14, 1997, Seattle, Washington. Volume 2, Proceedings
Third international conference on the structural design of asphalt pavements, September 11 through 15, 1972, Grosvenor House, Park Lane, London, England. Volume 1, Proceedings
Asfalttimassat : testausmenetelmät : standardi = Bituminous mixtures : test methods for hot mix asphalt. Osa 10, Tiivistettävyys
From outcrops to dust : mapping, testing, and quality assessment of aggregates
Bituminous pavements : materials design and evaluation
Materials and their applications in landscape design
Asfalttimassat = Bituminous mixtures. Osa 3 = Part 3, Materiaalivaatimukset = Material specifications
ICE manual of construction materials
The manufacture of polymer-modified asphalt cement using B-800 class bitumen and the properties of the product
On factors which decide the quality of asphalt concrete surfacings, based upon experience gained in Finland
Water sensitivity of asphalt pavements
European epidemology studies of asphalt workers : a review of the cohort study and its results
Anti-reflective cracking design of (reinforced) asphaltic overlays
Finnish Asphalt Specifications 1995
Pavement engineering : principles and practice
Pavement analysis and design
Asfalttimassat = Bituminous mixtures. Osa 2 = Part 2, Testausmenetelmät II = Test methods II
Environmental adaption of concrete : environmental impact of concrete and asphalt pavements
Sixth international conference on the structural design of asphalt pavements : July 13 through 17, 1987, Horace H. Rackham Building Lecture Hall, The University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan, U.S.A. Volume 2, Proceedings
Sixth international conference on the structural design of asphalt pavements : July 13 through 17, 1987, Horace H. Rackham Building Lecture Hall, The University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan, U.S.A. Volume 1, Proceedings
Asphaltenes, heavy oils, and petroleomics
Hot mix asphalt materials, mixture design and construction
Les enrobes drainants = Porous asphalt
Minimizing reflection and frost heave crackings in flexible and semi-rigid road pavements
Engineering properties of asphalt mixtures and the relationship to their performance
Performance and durability of bituminous materials : proceedings of symposium, University of Leeds, March 1994
Eighth international conference on asphalt pavements : August 10-14, 1997, Seattle, Washington. Volume 1, Proceedings
Occupational exposure in paving with asphalt modified with recycled materials
Asphalts in road construction
International conference on the structural design of asphalt pavements : proceedings
Analysis of the crack behaviour of some asphalt concrete mixes
Cracking of asphalt concrete overlays
Bituminous pavements : materials, design and evaluation
Design of hot mix asphalt pavements : for commercial, industrial and residential areas
Fatigue of asphalt mixes
Third international conference on the structural design of asphalt pavements, September 11 through 15, 1972, Grosvenor House, Park Lane, London, England. Volume 2, Proceedings
Eighth international conference on asphalt pavements : August 10-14, 1997, Seattle, Washington. Volume 3, Proceedings
Fourth international conference on the structural design of asphalt pavements, August 22 through 26, 1977, Horace H. Rackham Building Lecture Hall, The University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan, U.S.A. Volume 2, Proceedings
Measuring of noise and wearing of quiet surfaces
