http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5426 Laestadianism
Laestadianism
I found God's kingdom
Stories of Jesus. 3, Jesus, our teacher
Forty days without shadow
Lars Levi Sunna : crafting a Sámi presence in the Swedish state church
Apostolic Lutheranism (Laestadianism) from an international perspective
An Arctic Melting-Pot : The Byzantine Legacy and Bengt Pohjanen's Construction of a Tornedalian Aesthetic
Preservers of a faith : American influences on Laestadian congregations in Northern Minnesota, 1870-1950
One morality - or multiple moralities?
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Shepherd boy becomes spiritual elder
The Laestadian movement in America
Scripta historica. 2
A godly heritage : historical view of the Laestadian revival and development of the Apostolic Lutheran Church in America
The journey of an immigrant awakening movement in America : and a brief history of Laestadianism and the Apostolic Lutheran Church
The physical, moral and spiritual : a study on vitalist psychology and the philosophy of religion of Lars Levi Laestadius
Supernatural beings and Christian faith in a river Sami village
The use of songs and hymns of Zion in conservative Laestadian congregations of Ghana and Togo
In the middle of nowhere?” This book looks beyond this kind of wornout slogan used in Finland and deconstructs dichotomous assumptions which view the North as an opposite to the South. From the viewpoint of Nordic Lapland or the Arctic region as a whole, most feminist research has overlooked the cultural, social and ethnic differences in the North. Nordic societies have been viewed mainly in relation to the countries and cultures of the South or East; rarely have they concentrated on the differences and marginality of the North. What is gendered life like in Northern societies? What are the conditions for women’s agency? What does the principle of located knowledge and criticism of hegemonic scientific discourse mean in the North? In what direction do travelling theories travel? The main purpose of this book is to discuss the politics of place in the context of feminist research from the perspective of marginal Northern societies and cultures. Geographically and politically, the idea of “North” is wide; in this book, many of the research topics deal with Finnish Lapland but extend beyond its official geographical boundaries. The authors open up viewpoints on lived gender and everyday life in the northernmost societies, analysing the agency of women in different Nordic contexts described both by works of art and experiential narratives.
The origins of the ban on contraception and the impasse in the Conservative Lestadian Revivalist Movement ; translated by by Richard Foley
The little postilla
The general nature of the revival movement song books : Laestadianism ; What does hymn singing express?
Stories of Jesus. 4, Jesus, our savior
Laestadianism in an international perspective
The New Awakened Laestadians
The history of the Laestadian or Apostolic-Lutheran movement in America
Jaakko Heikkilä : kirkas nöyryys = klar ödmjukhet = the bright humility = heitere Demot / Jaakko Heikkilä
Kirkas nöyryys = Klar ödmjukhet = The bright humility = Heitere Demot
The grace of the caller : in laestadian christianity
The concept of "native" anthropology : fieldwork among laestadians
With a collection of updated texts on religion, healing practices, and beliefs, this book takes us from the time of the Sámi noaidi («shaman”) up to the present day. The book begins with a chapter on the pre-Christian noaidevuohta («shamanism”), followed by an account of the violent persecution of the Sámi pre-Christian way of life in the 1600s and 1700s. Then we are introduced to Laestadianism, the pietistic, Lutheran movement founded by Lars Levi Laestadius that took hold in the North and Lule Sámi areas in the middle of the 1850s. Finally, we learn about Sámi folk medicine traditions, which continue to exist alongside modern forms of medicine, thus representing cultural continuity and belief in traditional values from the time of the noaidi.
Establishing a congregation in the wilderness
Lars Levi Laestadius revisited : a lesser known side of the story
What we believe in : Sámi religious experience and beliefs from 1593 to the present
Lestadianism/Apostolic Lutheranism in North America today
Longview'n laestadiolaisseurakunnan historiaa = History of the Longview Laestadian Lutheran congregation
When one does not want to be like others: the basis of the sense of control among conservative Laestadian mothers with large families
Summary.
Finnish yearbook of population research. 45, 2010
Historical incidents from laestadianism
The Laestadian movement : disputes and divisions 1861-1997
From monthly bulletins to eLaestadianism? : exploring attitudes and use of internet within the Laestadian movement
Constructing 'Laestadianism' : a case for Sami survival?
Regional demographic differences : the effect of Laestadians
Supernatural beings and Christian faith in a river Sámi village
Passion and apocalypticism under the midnight sun : the apocalyptic Korpela-movement in North Sweden in the 1930s
Now it's spring, Vanna!
The religion of northern Finland
The anatomy of a millennarian movement : some organizational conditions for the Sami revolt in Guovdageaidnu in 1852.
Embers of revival: laestadian schisms in northeast Minnesota, 1900-1940
Scepticism and broad-mindedness in  talk of paedophilia
The Sámi people : traditions in transition
One morality - or multiple moralities? : religious ideology, conceptions of morality and rule systems of Finnish Evangelical Lutheran, Conservative Laestadian and nonreligious adolescents
Unto This Day the Lord Has Helped
Interlacing identities, agencies and resources
History of living christianity in America
