http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5429 data transfer
data transfer
Throughput and Time Sync Simulation in WSN with OPNET Tool
The EDI system of Triumph International Oy
Body Area Network, Standardization, Analysis and Application
Transfer of MPEG-2 Transport Stream over MPLS
SOFTWARE ARCHITECTURE FOR LOW TIER EMBEDDED PRODUCT PLATFORM
CCNP BCMSN exam certification guide : CCNP self-study
PHY and MAC layer performance optimization of the IEEE 802.16 system
The book of wireless : a painless guide to wi-fi and broadband wireless
FreeSWITCH 1.0.6 : build robust high performance telephony systems using FreeSWITCH
Information theory
Interest-based topology management in unstructured peer-to-peer networks
Time Synchronization in Wireless Sensor Networks
Voice over Internet protocol
Update of Giga-Vamos : technology roadmap
Knowledge management in organizations : 10th International Conference, KMO 2015, Maribor, Slovenia, August 24-28, 2015, Proceedings
Iterative receivers for digital communications via variational inference and estimation
Baseband requirements for the high speed cellular data
The adaptation process and challenges of education export
Interfaces, Standards and Code lists in Data communication between Authorities : Helsinki–St. Petersburg Smart Transport Corridor
Electronic commerce : principles and practice
Linksys WRT54G : ultimate hacking
Use of Bluetooth in automation technology
A decentralized session management framework for heterogeneous ad-hoc and fixed networks
Software architecture for low tier embedded product platform
Gb interface planning in GPRS network
Basics of computer networking
Transition from  IPv4 to IPv6  : best transition method for large enterprise networks
Standard for interfacing marine electronic devices : version 3.01
Expert network time protocol : an experience in time with NTP
Delivering voice over IP networks
Specification of a Remote Monitoring Protocol
Communication
Purpose – The purpose of this paper is to examine the barriers associated with the adoption and use  of mobile sales force automation (SFA) systems from a salesperson's perspective.  Design/methodology/approach – A qualitative investigation of two business-to-business  companies was conducted. Data collected from ten semi-structured interviews with directors or sales  managers were analyzed to understand the main barriers to SFA system adoption.  Findings – The study confirms the existence of three barriers (customer knowledge, quality of  information and the characteristics of mobile devices) to a mobile SFA system use and identifies two  additional barriers: lack of time and optimization issues.  Research limitations/implications – The explorative nature of the study and the qualitative  method employed limit the generalizability of the results. The propositions could be further validated  and tested with a wider population.  Practical implications – Organizations wishing to speed the adoption of a mobile SFA system  should evaluate the importance and significance of the five identified barriers to adoption, and plan how  to overcome them. It is important for the providers of the mobile SFA systems to focus on developing  systems that can exploit the different characteristics of each channel and, in parallel, overcome the  inherent limitations of any single channel. The content of an SFA system should be customizable for  each type of mobile device.  Originality/value – Ever increasing mobility has led to a rise in the use of smartphones and tablet  PCs (tablets) in business and the consequent growth in the use of SFA systems. Although SFA systems  have been studied for roughly 30 years, little is known of the impact of newly developed mobile devices  on sales management and sales personnel.
Data scheduling and transmission strategies in asymmetric telecommunications environments
Probabilistic transmission system planning
Analysis of Wireless Network Performances in WLAN Topologies.
Implementing EDI - a proposal for regulatory reform
PPeP : privacy protection in e-Pharma
Data and Computer Communications, 10e, is a two-time winner of the best Computer Science and Engineering textbook of the year award from the Textbook and Academic Authors Association. It is ideal for one/two-semester courses in Computer Networks, Data Communications, and Communications Networks in CS, CIS, and Electrical Engineering departments. This book is also suitable for Product Development personnel, Programmers, Systems Engineers, Network Designers and others involved in the design of data communications and networking products. With a focus on the most current technology and a convenient modular format, this best-selling text offers a clear and comprehensive survey of the entire data and computer communications field. Emphasizing both the fundamental principles as well as the critical role of performance in driving protocol and network design, it explores in detail all the critical technical areas in data communications, wide-area networking, local area networking, and protocol design. -- Provided by publisher.
Development of a fair charging model for a public data center : case : Kuntien Tiera Oy, Turku
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Wireless multimedia communications : convergence, DSP, QoS, and security
Body Area Network  Standardization, Analysis and Application
Efficient Channel Modeling Methods for Mobile Communication Systems
Analysis and control of turbulence with PIV
Touch Screen Operated Data Warehouse Application
Wireless positioning technologies and applications
Solar Energy Harvesting in WSN with Development Tool
Analysis of cellular/broadcast hybrid networks
Singleband UWB systems : analysis and measurements of coexistence with selected existing radio systems
Open systems and standards for software product development
Routing and switching essentials v6 : companion guide
Anatomy of telecommunications
Enhancing telepresence with mobile virtual proxies
Scaling networks : lab manual
CCNA cloud CLDFND 210-451 official cert guide
Contemporary Communication Systems provides a comprehensive introduction to analog and digital communication systems. In addition to a logical and easy-to-understand presentation of fundamental principles, the book engages students in the issues relevant to system and product implementation by integrating a discussion of theoretical concepts with extensive hands-on visual and simulation resources that reinforce learning. A unique feature of the book is sufficient coverage of important topics in digital communications including compression, multiplexing and synchronization techniques. The book also explores the impact of semiconductor revolution (Moore's law) and software technologies in the realization of modern digital communication systems. -- Publisher.
Professional Mobile Web Development with WordPress, Joomla! and Drupal
Webcasting throughout CDN
New methods for robust audio streaming in a wireless environment
Microelectromechanical resonator-based components for wireless communications : filters and transmission lines
Switched networks companion guide
IPSec key management in multicast transmissions
The rough guide to the Internet
CCNP Cisco networking academy program : semester five lab companion : advanced routing
IP packet level diversity reception of filecast over DVB-H
Implementation of electronic data interchange : electronic data interchange
Integrated broadband communication networks and services : proceedings of the IFIP TC6/ICCC International Conference on Integrated Broadband Communication Networks and Services, Copenhagen, Denmark, 20-23 April, 1993
Multipoint transmission scheme for HSDPA
CCNP Cisco networking academy program : multilayer switching companion guide
An interaction framework for deploying the knowledge of diasporas : Using Finland as an example
RF & microwave design essentials : engineering design and analysis from DC to microwaves
Smart packet access and call admission control for efficient resource management in advanced wireless networks
Computer science and communications dictionary. Volume 2
Remote operation of the IXIA Traffic Generator
Practical industrial data communications : best practice techniques
Methods for space-time parameter estimation in DS-CDMA arrays
Quotation information automation solution
This Bachelor’s thesis was commissioned by OY LM Ericsson AB. The work was done at Ericsson’s premises in Oulu. Oulu premises concentrate on re-search and development of base station solutions for WCDMA and LTE-networks. The purpose of this thesis was to automate base station test cases in a real RNC-environment in a WCDMA-network, mainly traffic cases that measure average throughput in different conditions and settings. The main aim of this automation was to automate some of the testing so that human resources that were consumed by this basic testing could be assigned to something more useful. And of course automation could bring much needed stability and better regression to testing. Other aims were to document the used equipment and choose test cases to automate. The aims were achieved so that the chosen transfer multi-RAB and soft hando-ver test cases were automated. All of the test cases are not possible to auto-mate but few more should be possible. Unfortunately that was not possible in time reserved for this thesis. The used equipment was also documented. Auto-mation is in use for daily software release testing now. This automation could be taken further for example by attaching a signal ana-lyzer with an Ethernet connection. This would enable antenna power measurements. Robustness testing cases are possible to add to this system. Adding a third base station to the attenuator would add many different variations for handovers.
Managing mobility in an always-best-connected IP network
Abstract: MPEG-2 Transport Streamin siirto MPLS-verkon yli.
Cisco secure intrusion detection system
Analysis and performance of FBMC techniques with application to relay networks
Time Synchronization Testing with Roving WLAN Network
Advanced voice and data solutions for evolution of cellular network system
TCP/IP first-step
Wireless broadband single-carrier systems with MMSE turbo equalization receivers
The utilization of diasporas' knowledge in Finland
Direct routing in OCPC model
Business data communications and networking
Performance enhancements of MBMS and VoIP services in WCDMA/HSPA networks
RFID Systems and Applications in Positioning
Abstract: In this thesis the wireless sensor network feasibility of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller will be analysed. Due to the fast evolving field of embedded wireless applications, this project was initiated by the Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Science in order to provide a platform for future projects. The main part of this thesis will discuss the the nRFgo software development kit and the hardware hardware of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller. Tools that have been used are an integrated development environment provided by the Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences and a C language compiler named SDCC. As a result, this study has deepened the understanding of the hardware and the nRFgo software development kit and their capabilities. The microcontroller has some excellent characteristics that makes it an interesting object in order to build wireless sensor networks. The system on a chip architecure makes it a meaningful tool for sensing and communication. This thesis gives an introduction into wirless sensor networks and the properties of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller with a build in radio frequncy unit, demonstrating the capabilities of this promissing system on a chip microcontroller and enabling further research in the field of wireless embedded networking and wireless sensor networks for the Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences.
Communication in the software vulnerability reporting process
Frequency domain model fitting and Volterra analysis implemented on top of harmonic balance simulation
Congestion control in packet switching computer communication networks
The aim of this bachelor thesis is to build up a marketing plan for an Italian financial data vendor in Finnish market. The company can benefit or find ideas for its future operations from this marketing plan. In fact, the focus of this marketing plan is to figure out the target customers and a marketing strategy to promote the company’s core data feed service to Finnish market. In this thesis, literature of service marketing and marketing strategy were provided as theoretical framework for the marketing plan. Besides, both quantitative and qualitative research methods are used to analyze service, competition, customers and market-entry strategy for the company. However, the limitation of published information and funding for thesis research restricted the result in some aspects. The marketing plan is written based on the current situation of the case company so it is subject to change due to varying marketing environment. The company will decide marketing activities to improve its operations in the future.
Multidimensional FSMC models in simulating wireless communication systems
The impact of electronic data interchange on library operations : implementation issues
Layer 3 Multiprotocol Label Switching Virtual Private Network
Cisco networking essentials
Nonblocking electronic and photonic switching fabrics
Design and Implementation of a Wireless ZigBee Mesh Network
This article is based on the master's thesis work entitled "An interaction frame-work for deploying the knowledge of diasporas: Using Finland as an example" (Harikkala 2013). The original work contributes to the existing literature on the concepts of diaspora and knowledge by linking the two concepts together in a novel way. Furthermore, the original work links the novel combination to economic benefit. This article has offered a shortened yet equally novel outlook on the concepts. Although this article examines only the situation in Finland more closely, the findings suggest the importance of continued work on the subject both theoretically and in other empirical settings.
Service level agreement
Gas station price indicator : advanced computer & telecommunication project
Microwave materials for wireless applications
Cooperation between Higher Education Institutions and Businesses
Sams teach yourself TCP/IP in 24 hours
Design and implementation of route redistribution and performance study thereof
ATM : solutions for enterprise internetworking
The McGraw-Hill Internetworking handbook
Barriers to the use of mobile  sales force automation system : a salesperson's perspective
Interconnections for computer communications and packet networks
Relying on autonomous multipath routing to achieve global load balancing in the Internet
Computer networking : a top-down approach
Audio, video and data telecommunications
Contemporary communication systems
Free space optical link
CCNA ICND2 : official exam certification guide
Research about wireless sensor network feasibility of the nRF24LE1D microcontroller
Android ECG Application Development
BlackBerry Pearl 3G for dummies
WiMedia UWB : technology of choice for wireless USB and Bluetooth
DATA TRANSFER AND REPORTING : Documentation and execution
CCNA routing and switching ICND2 200-105 official cert guide
WiMAX evolution : emerging technologies and applications
Mobility management in wireless networks
Studies on high speed uplink packet access performance enhancements
Exploring adaptive implementation of on-chip networks
Iterconnecting Cisco network devices : Part 1 (ICND1)
Cognitive wireless communication networks
Tiivistelmä: Service level agreement.
Radio Interface parameters of Multimedia Broadcast/Multicast Service and their Effects to Protocol Software of Mobile Station
IP from A to Z
Cisco networking academy program : engineering journal and workbook. Volume 2
UML-driven TTA-based protocol processor design
Hands-On TCP/IP with Windows NT illustrated
Synthesis and application of orthogonal signal bases possessing enhanced time-frequency localization for mobile wireless networks
Exploration and design of high performance variation tolerant on-chip interconnects
BlackBerry for work : productivity for professionals
Digital natives' and immigrants' switching behavior in smart home environment : comparative study
Nonlinear distortion in wireless systems : modeling and simulation with MATLAB
Smart card reader protocol specification with specification and description language
Cisco networking academy program : engineering journal and workbook. Volume 1
Applied networking labs : a hands-on guide to networking and server management
Building the information highway
Data protection, privacy and European regulation in the digital age
Spectrum and energy efficient solutions for OFDMA collaborative wireless networks
Next generation SSH2 implementation
Routing TCP/IP. : Volume II
Cisco networking academy program : lab companion. Volume 1
On data mining applications in mobile networking and network security
Embedded system of Bluetooth and GPRS : home temperature monitoring system
TTCN unit testing of the GPRS mobility management layer
Intelligent medium access control for the future wireless networks
IEEE pervasive computing : mobile and ubiquitous systems
LTE for 4G mobile broadband : air interface technologies and performance
LDAP metadirectory provisioning methodology : a step by step method to implementing LDAP based metadirectory provisioning & identity management systems
CCNP : building Cisco Remote Access networks exam 640-505
Cognitive Radio, Software Defined Radio, and Adaptive Wireless Systems
CCNP practical studies: routing
Cognitive radio networks
The development of information transferring processes : for managing the machine's specification and engineering changes
CWDP certified wireless design professional : official study guide
Digital PLL frequency synthesizers : theory and design
Mobile solutions and the construction industry : is it a working combination?
Cell-cell signaling in bacteria
Efficient channel modeling methods for mobile communication systems
Smart Tagging System for Diving Equipment
Electronic commerce and business communications
Successfully implementing and scaling SANs in the enterprise : a planning guide for storage networking professionals
CCNP Cisco networking academy program: semester five companion guide : advanced routing
OFDM and MIMO modelling in a system simulator with advanced link to system interface
Cisco Networking Academy program : CCNA 3 and 4 : engineering journal and workbook
StanForD 2010 : benefits, needs and requirements for users and manufacturers
Fleet inference : importing vehicle routing problems using machine learning
Readout architectures for hybrid pixel readout chips
Low power synchronization in wireless network
DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION OF A SMART METER PROTOTYPE USING AVR465 MICROCONTROLLER
Marketing plan for a financial data vendor: case: FIDA Finanza Dati Analisi
Social implications and challenges of e-business
TCP/IP network administration
Power system protection. Vol. 4, Digital protection and signalling
Towards StanForD-XML
Digital communications : fundamentals and applications
SAMS teach yourself Cisco routers in 21 days
The implementation of Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) has been the focus of scholars for the past few decades. The tool is viewed as vital for transmission of business data electronically. Despite the substantial benefits, only a fraction of companies Worldwide have implemented EDI. Thus, this research is intended to examine the actual scenario of EDI implementation by focusing on manufacturers in Malaysia. The key objectives of this research are to identify EDI barriers, benefits, determinants and present integration levels; to discover the differences existed in EDI barriers, benefits, determinants and integration level based on demographic variables; to examine the influence of barriers, integration level and determinants towards the extent of received or perceived benefits; and to investigate influence of benefits on the improvement in firm performance, based on users’ perception.
CCIE : Cisco certified internetwork expert : study guide
Optimizing the degree distribution of LT codes
Data transmission between Finland and Greece
A Data Conversion Program for μShapeTM Binary File
Beginning Windows Phone 7 application development : building Windows Phone applications using Silverlight and XNA
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
FPGA Based RTL Simulation Acceleration
Computer science and communications dictionary. Volume 1
Ground-based wireless positioning
Development of Intelligent mobile platform for Decartus system : Mobile video surveillance system
Iterative detection, decoding, and channel estimation in MIMO-OFDM
Business data communications : basic concepts, security and design
An age management challenge: a study on company knowledge transfer from senior emloyees' to the company's utilization :  research of KPMG Oy Ab
Wireless network in ambient intelligence
Ethernet : the definitive guide
General Packet Radio Service -GPRS
Automatic Repeat-Request Courseware
Breadth-first search for ZigBee topology
Viewdata : a public information utility
Data and computer communications
Developing the information flow of inbound logistics
Modern Electronic Communication
Architecting EDI with SAP® IDocs
Analysis of traditional, IrDA and bluetooth accessories
CCENT/CCNA ICND1 100-105 official cert guide
Legal issues of maritime virtual organisations
Software Radio using Warp Fpga Board
Ting-E-Ling: A Health Monitoring Device
The RF in RFID : passive UHF RFID in practice
Introduction to networks : version 5.1 : course booklet
Computer telephony demystified : putting CTI, media services and IP telephony to work
