http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5433 indoor air
indoor air
Ventilation of buildings
Conservation of cultural property, Indoor climate. 1, Guidelines for heating churches, chapels and other places of worship
Indoor Air '93 : the 6th international conference on indoor air quality and climate : summary report
Health, sustainability, and the built environment
Plants and well-being
Residential radon in Finland : sources, variation, modelling and dose comparisons
Toxigenic diversity of two different RAPD groups of Stachybotrys chartarum isolates analyzed by potential for trichothecene production and for boar sperm cell motility  inhibition
Probabilistic modelling of PM[sup2.5] exposures in the working age population of Helsinki metropolitan area
Työpaikan ilma : terminologia = Workplace atmospheres : terminology
Cleanroom technology : fundamentals of design, testing and operation
Sustainable facades : design methods for high-performance building envelopes
Progress in modern ventilation : proceedings of the Ventilation 2000, 6th International Symposium on Ventilation for Contaminant Control, 4-7 June 2000, Helsinki, Finland. Volume 2
Toxigenic microbes in indoor environment : identification, structure and biological effects of the aerosolizing toxins
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 6
Valinomycin-induced apoptosis of human NK cells is predominantly caspase independent
Ventilation systems for commercial kitchens
Indoor climate problems : investigation and remedial measures
Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
Influence of kinetic energy sources and internal obstructions on room air conditioning strategy, efficiency of ventilation and room velocity conditions
The performance of Split2 Multifunctional Real-Time Dust Monitor at various levels of particulate matter concentration
Papers of the 11th World Clean Air and Environment Congress : Durban, South Africa, 14-18 September 1998 : theme: the interface between developing and developed countries
Total hydronic balancing : a handbook for design and troubleshooting of hydronic HVAC systems
Indoor climate : air quality
Clean room design : minimizing contamination through proper design
The particle atlas : a photomicrographic reference for the microscopical identification of particulate substances
Indoor air pollution : problems and priorities
Ultrafine particles in indoor air : measurements and modelling
WellBeing Indoors : Clima 2007, 10-14 June, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings CD-ROM
Microbial exposure and health in schools : effects of moisture damage and renovation
Ventilation, indoor air quality, and human health and comfort in dwellings and day-care centers
Total hydronic balancing : a handbook for design and trouble-shooting of hydronic HVAC systems
Relative humidity and temperature pattern book : a guide to understanding and using data on the museum environment
Museum microclimates : abstracts of posters at the Copenhagen conference 19-23 November 2007
Healthy buildings 2000 : wokshop summaries
Membrane toxic substances in water-damaged construction materials and fungal pure cultures
Indoor air quality design guidebook
Museum microclimates : contributions to the Copenhagen conference 19-23 November 2007
Indoor air technology in the USA
Distribution of contaminants in buildings by air recirculation and other airflows
Rehva workshops at clima 2005 : Lausanne, Switzerland 10-12 October 2005
Vehicle thermal management systems : held on 18-21 May 2003 at the Hilton Brighton Metropole Hotel, Brighton, UK
Toxic Bacillus pumilus from indoor air, recycled paper pulp, Norway spruce, food poisoning outbreaks and clinical samples
Mitigating the adverse impact of particulates on indoor air
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 3
The Nordic Expert Group for Criteria Documentation of Health Risks from Chemicals : 138. p Microbial volatile organic compounds (MVOCs)
Indoor air. Part 3, Determination of formaldeyhde and other carbonyl compounds : active sampling method
Intelligent and adaptive lighting in retail environment
Indoor air and health : causative agents, health hazards and risk assessment : 10th Medical Symposium of the Yrjö Jahnsson Foundation : programme and abstracts : Sannäs Training Centre, Porvoo, 7-9 August 1996.
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 5
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 1
Efficient reduction of indoor exposures : health benefits from optimizing ventilation, filtration and indoor source controls
Indoor air quality: the latest sampling and analytical methods
Measurement and characterization of particles and bioaerosols in HVAC systems and indoor air of office buildings
The healthy indoor environment : how to assess occupants' wellbeing in buildings
Moderate thermal environments - determination of the PMV and PPD indices and specification of the conditions for thermal comfort. = Ambiances thermiques modérées - détermination des indices PMV et PPD et spécifications des conditions de confort thermique
Residental Radon in Finland: Sources, Variation, Modelling and Dose Comparisons
Managing indoor air quality
Indoor air pollution and health
Indoor climate and productivity in offices : how to integrate productivity in life-cycle cost analysis of building services
Integration of building cooling with existing district heating systems
A strategic marketing plan : case company Mundus Aer Oy
Modeling indoor air pollution
Roomvent 2007 : Scanvac Conference 13-15 June 2007, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 1.
Improving indoor climate and comfort with wooden structures
Indoor air. Part 6, Determination of volatile organic compounds in indoor and test chamber air by active sampling on Tenax TA sorbent, thermal desorption and gas chromatography using MS or MS-FID
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 2
Indoor air quality engineering : environmental health and control of indoor pollutants
Hazardous Area Ventilation in Gas and Diesel Power Plant
Toxicity and genetic diversity of indoor and outdoor Stachybotrys chartarum of different geographic origins
Indoor air quality in Tartu office buildings
Air pollution. Vol. 4. Part F, Indoor air pollution
R[sup 3]-symposium, Mariehamn, 1987 : 18:e Nordiska R[sup 3]-symposiet : handlingar från Nordiska R[sup 3]-föreningens symposium, Mariehamn, 11-13 ma[j] 87 = Proceedings from the 1987 Symposium of the Nordic Association for Contamination Control (R[sup 3]-NORDIC)
Personal exposures to volatile organic compounds and carbonyls : relationships to microenvironment concentrations and analysis of sources
Industrial ventilation : technical solutions
Environmental monitoring and control : preprints of the meeting held in the Angus Hotel, Dundee, on the 15th and 16th March 1989.
Energy & environmental strategies for the 1990's
Indoor air pollution and health risks in Finnish ice arenas
Indoor air quality engineering
Effect of outdoor air quality on indoor air
Factors affecting occupational radon exposure
Mechanical supply and exhaust ventilation in high rise residential buildings in Russia
34th R3-Nordic Contamination Control Symposium Turku, Finland, June 2-4, 2003
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
The aim of this work was to report the results of a study which evaluated the sampling efficiency of an air sampling device, the Split2 Multifunctional Real-Time Dust Monitor. Further aim was to compare the sampling efficiency of the Split2 Dust Monitor with that of a reference device, the Dust Trak Aerosol Monitor.  The data used in this study was obtained from a series of experimental samplings carried out by Yosabeth Kebede and Kalle Kuulasmaa. Two air sampling devices were used to measure the mass concentration of particulate matter at three different sampling sites. The sampling sites were chosen based on the level of particulate matter concentration. Data analysis was then carried out by utilizing Microsoft Excel 2007. The study shows that mass concentration levels read by the Split2 Dust Monitor, operating actively, are linear with that of the Dust Trak Aerosol Monitor. When operated passively, the Split2 almost always read higher than that of the Dust Trak. This is explained by the insufficient introduction of particles into the Split2 inlet while it is operating passively. The Dust Trak on the other hand is equipped with an air sampling pump internally. Abrupt hikes of concentration levels read by the Split2 are most likely attributed to dust loading effects.
Maintaining thermal conditions in exhibition of Russian Museum and Archive of Mikkeli
Designing home air quality communicator
Indoor air quality and HVAC systems
Indoor air contaminants in office buildings
Ventilation for acceptable indoor air quality
Volatile metabolites from microorganism in indoor environments : sampling, analysis and identification
Indoor air : Part 6: Determination of volatile organic compounds in indoor and test chamber air by active sampling on Tenax TA sorbent, thermal desorption and gas chromatography using MS or MS-FID
Microorganisms in home and indoor work environments : diversity, health impacts, investigation and control
Sick building syndrome : in public buildings and workplace
Progress and trends in air infiltration and ventilation research : 10th AIVC Conference : held at Dipoli, Finland, 25-28 September 1989 : prepints
Climatologie et conservation dans les musées. Climatology and conservation in museums
Indoor air quality : a guide for facility managers
Modeling moisture damage observations and their association with health symptoms
Oxidation of terpenes in indoor environments : a study of influencing factors
Indoor air and health : causative agents, health hazards and risk assessment : 10th Medical Symposium of the Yrjö Jahnsson Foundation, Sannäs Training Centre Porvoo, Finland, 7-9 August 1996 : programme and abstracts
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 4
Regulation of human NK cells by cytokines and by exposure to bacterial toxins valinomycin and cereulide
European collaborative action : urban air, indoor environment and human exposure. Report no. 22, Risk assessment in relation to indoor air quality : dedicated to late professor Christos C. Lefas
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings, abstract book
Healthy Buildings 2003 : energy-efficient healthy buildings : proceedings of ISIAQ, 7th International Conference, 7th-11th December 2003, Singapore
Thermal environmental conditions for human occupancy
Air sampling and industrial hygiene engineering
On building-related causes of the sick building syndrome
Feeling well, living healthily?
Ventilation systems : design and performance
How to grow fresh air : 50 houseplants that purify your home or office
Air pollution and air cleaning equipment in buildings
Root Growth Conditions in Greenwall : Test Method Development and Experiment Conduction
Humidification and perceived indoor air quality in the office environment
Sustainable Approaches in Construction and their influence on Building Value : The quantification of sustainble buildings value in Germany
Fungicidic and mitochondriotoxic Bacilli frequent in water damaged buildings
Outdoor urban aerosols and their transport and fate indoors
Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone
Roomvent 2007, 13-15 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : Scanvac conference : proceedings, abstract book
Children's environmental health and disease prevention research
Prevention and reduction of indoor air pollution
Evaluation of the indoor air and environment program of the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health
Bacterial aerosols in indoor air
Comparison of Finnish and Russian indoor climate requirements in residential buildings
Testing fungal DNA on ligation detection reaction microarray
Sensory evaluation method of building materials for labelling purposes
Roomvent 2007 : Scanvac Conference 13-15 June 2007, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 2.
Mechanical ventilation systems in swimming pools
Health implications of fungi in indoor environments
Mixing ventilation : guide on mixing air distribution design
Indoor Air '93 : proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Indoor Air Quality and Climate [Helsinki, Finland, July 4-8, 1993]. Volume 1, Health effects
Damp indoor spaces and health
Mycobacteria and related genera are major colonizers of a wall in a children's day care center
Healthy buildings 2000 : proceedings. Vol. 3, Building physics
This paper reports the results of a literature study into the effect of plants on human well-being. Modern synthetic furnishings, computers and electrical equipment and everyday household products such as cleaning materials, emit various harmful gases in small quantities which all contribute to the recognized sick building syndrome. Simple additions of a few indoor plants in your home or office can do a great deal to boost your health and well-being.     Different studies from various countries show that there are many different settings in which humans interact with plants. Some of these settings have a therapeutic aim, others do not. The benefits of plants for office workers in a working environment have been examined in different studies. Some research has been done into the effects of plants on well-being and health. The results show that there is a positive relationship between plants added to workplace and the health of the worker such as a decline of health problems like fatigue, headaches and complaints like dry and sore throat and dry hands when plants were placed in office. From an economical point of view, it should be of great interest to include plants as a work environment asset, since only small investments are necessary in order to establish a green indoor environment. In addition and probably just as important, personal well-being and the quality of the every day working environment may be increased for the employees.    The thesis is divided into two parts, the writing part and the handbook part. The objective of the thesis is to elaborate discussions of well-being in the hospitality by considering plants as new aspects.
Perceptual analysis of odorous irritants in indoor air
Hypoxic air venting for protection of heritage
Residential radon and lung cancer : detailed results of a collaborative analysis of individual data on 7148 persons with lung cancer and 14208 persons without lung cancer from 13 epidemiologic studies in Europe
Allergy-free living : how to create a healthy, allergy-free home and lifestyle
Ventilation of commercial kitchens.
Characterizing moisture damaged buildings : environmental and biological monitoring
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011.
Low temperature heating and high temperature cooling : embedded water based surface heating and cooling systems
The six steps for a healthy school : a guide on the indoor environment in planning and building management
Indoor air : part 10 : determination of the emission of volatile organic compounds from building products and furnishing : emission test cell method (ISO 16000-10:2006)
Tenax as a collection medium for volatile organic compounds : literature survey
Cost optimal and nearly zero-energy buildings (nZEB) : definitions, calculation principles and case studies
Bioactive metabolites produced by Aspergillus fumigatus isolated from indoor air
Roomvent 2007 : Scanvac Conference 13-15 June 2007, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 3.
Indoor air : an integrated approach
Classification of indoor climate, construction, and finishing materials
Indoor air
