http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5435 student financial aid
student financial aid
"Governments, local authorities, school leaders, and teachers all over the world want to improve the attainment and participation of all students. They also want to minimise any systematic differences in educational outcomes between social and economic groups. However, considerable effort and money is being wasted on policies, practices and interventions that have very little hope of success, and that may indeed endanger the progress that is being made otherwise. The poor quality of much education research evidence, coupled with an unwillingness among users of evidence to discriminate appropriately between what we know and do not know, means that opportunities are being missed. At a time of reduced public spending and increased public unrest, at least in the UK, it is important that proposed interventions are both effective and efficient. Overcoming Disadvantage in Education is unique in the way it: - Shows where the solutions to underachievement and poverty lie - combines primary(new), secondary (official) and published (review) evidence - distinguishes between those possible causes of underachievement that are largely fixed for individuals, and those that are modifiable. There are evidence-informed ways forward in handling under-achievement and increasing social justice in education. This book shows which the more likely approaches are, and where further work could yield further benefits. This book will be a key text for developing academic researchers and supervisors in the social sciences"--
Student loans : a review of experience in Scandinavia and elsewhere
Underachievers in school : issues and intervention
Youth at risk : a prevention resource for counselors, teachers, and parents
Proposals that work : a guide for planning dissertations and grant proposals
Financing higher education : current patterns
Financial aid to students : how are the national rules affected by the EEA agreement and the EEC treaty
Continuing vocational training in Finland : description of continuing vocational training in Finland prepared for the Force programme of the European Union
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2007 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2007.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2015
Higher education in Europe 2009 : developments in the Bologna Process
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2001 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2001 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2001.
Essays on school resources, academic achievement and student employment
Handbook of counselling
The immigrant's guide to education in Finland
Counseling international students : clients from around the world
Setting young children up for success : approaching motivation through children's perceptions of their ability
Education and research 2007-2012 : development plan
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014= FPAs statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Summary and conclusion (s. 67-70).
Profile of ... : key topics in education in Europe
Economic and social support for students in the countries of the European Community
Positive intervention for pupils who struggle at school : creating a modified primary curriculum
Financing and staffing of education in the Netherlands and Poland
Abstract.
Key topics in education. Vol. 1, Financial support for students in higher education in Europe : trends and debates
The main systems of financial assistance for students in higher education in the European Community
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2010 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2010.
English summary: Social protection in Finland and the role of the Social Insurance Institution (Kela).
English summary.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland. 2000
How to finance one's studies : case HAMK Valkeakoski unit
International mobility in Finnish education : trends and developments in tertiary and secondary education 2000-2004
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2002 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2002 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2002.
Income redistribution, educational choice and growth
Overcoming disadvantage in education
Review of student support schemes in selected OECD countries
The structural model of child well-being : children's emotional well-being and social relationships in elementary school.
Does money matter? : childbearing behaviour of Swedish students in the 1980's and 1990's
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1999 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 1999 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 1999.
Setting young children up for success : approaching motivation through children’s perceptions of their ability
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2011 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2011.
The expansion of higher education and time-consistent taxation
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
The Bologna Process in higher education in Europe : key indicators on the social dimension and mobility
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Portable state grants and loans : an overview and their contribution to outgoing student mobility
Student loans : the next steps
Social and economic conditions of student life in Europe : synopsis of indicators : final report : Eurostudent III 2005-2008
Profile of ... : key topics in education. Vol. 1, Financial support for students in higher education in Europe : trends and debates
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2003 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2003.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2004 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2004.
Economic studies on higher education and productivity
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland. 1995.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2009 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2009.
User fees, expenditure restructuring and voucher systems in education
Youth activities guidelines : academic year 1994/95 : Tempus, Phare
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2006
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2005
Nordic students abroad : student mobility patterns, student support systems and labour market outcomes
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2008 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2008.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1994 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok 1994 = Statistical yearbook of the social insurance institution, Finland 1994.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1997 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 1997 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 1997.
