http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5430 noodle
noodle
Easy noodles : recipes from China, Japan and South-east Asia
100 best Asian noodle recipes
Slurp! : a social and culinary history of ramen, Japan's favorite noodle soup
Making artisan pasta : how to make a world of handmade noodles, stuffed pasta, dumplings, and more
Nourishing noodles : spiralize nearly 100 plant-based recipes for zoodles, ribbons, and vegetable spirals
Noodels : the new way
Transfer dispersive ideas into a well-structured business plan by focusing on budget forecasting : business plan for a fast casual noodle restaurant in Asian style
Noodles and stir-fries
Pasta : a comprehensive guide to fresh and dried pasta with over 350 inspirational recipes
Noodles and pasta
Pasta and noodles : a global history
The complete book of pasta and noodles
Fresh ways with pasta
This thesis is project-based and built around the idea of developing a business plan of a fast casual noodle restaurant for the Pitoval Oy in Helsinki city centre. The lack of fast casual noodle restaurants in Helsinki creates a great opportunity to launch a new business, which enables wider range of Asian food offered by the company.    This business plan is created for the Pitoval Oy to open a new restaurant business instead of doing it by myself, but I would have chance to be part of it, giving me an initial reason to write this plan. In addition, since the company has some ideas about the business, I do not need to start from scratch, but only need to transfer dispersive ideas into a well-structured and viable business plan.     This business plan clarifies the business concept, service style, food varieties, marketing plan, and financial plan. Meanwhile another objective is to provide a sample guideline for people who do not familiar how to do budgeting when creating a business plan.    The theoretical framework is divided into three major parts, budgeting part, business concept development and process description. The outcome of research and finding lead me to a better understanding of how to create suitable and reliable financial analysis to make the business plan viable. In the product part, the business plan section, it presents the actual business plan for the fast casual restaurant.    In conclusion, the goal of creating a practical business plan is achieved, and the task of providing a step by step financial planning guideline is completed. It has already submitted to the commissioned company, the Pitoval Oy, and is used to start business foundation and seek investment.
Wagamama : way of the noodle
Healthy noodles : fresh ideas for all sorts of noodles
All about pasta & noodles
