http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5431 ventilation
ventilation
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Design and Environmental Control of Tropical and Subtropical Greenhouses : Taichung, Taiwan April 15-18, 2001
A design guideline for a cruise ship air conditioning system
Content formulations to obtain initial flow rates for ventilation duct system flow analyses
A simple model for analysing bristle contact force and contact angle in rotating brush duct cleaning
Rakennusten ilmanvaihto = Ventilation for buildings. Osa 1, Ilmastointikanavat = Ducts
Indoor air pollution and health risks in Finnish ice arenas
Green remodeling : your start toward an eco-friendly home
Ventilation of road tunnels
Indoor air quality and HVAC systems
Hygrothermal performance of timber-framed external walls in Finnish climatic conditions : a method for determining the sufficient water vapour resistance of the interior lining of a wall assembly
Indoor air and energy economy in school buildings
Abstract.
Energy consumption and indoor air quality in offices with different HVAC-systems
"A textbook with design data based on the 2013 ASHRAE handbook of fundamentals"--
Design of energy efficient ventilation and air-conditioning systems / N. Brelih (ed.), Olli Seppänen, Thore Berthilsson, Mari-Liis Maripuu, Herve Lamy, Alex Vanden Borre
Tragedy has struck His Majesty's Aerial Corps, as an epidemic of unknown origin and no known cure is decimating the dragons' ranks. Only Temeraire and a pack of newly recruited dragons remain uninfected and must stand as the only means of airborne defense against France's ever bolder sorties. As Bonaparte's dragons harrow Britain's ships, Temeraire and his captain, Will Laurence, take wing to Africa in search of a cure for the deadly contagion
"In handbook form to be useful to practicing engineers and other professionals, this book addresses smoke control design, smoke management, controls, fire and smoke control in transport tunnels, and full scale fire testing. For those getting started with computer models CONTAM and CFAST, there are simplified instructions with examples"
Factors affecting occupational radon exposure
Fog removal in the declines of underground mines in sub-arctic regions
Ventilation, indoor air quality, and human health and comfort in dwellings and day-care centers
Market research of HVAC markets in Poland
Characterization of the performance of industrial ventilation systems by the tracer gas technique
Probabilistic modelling of PM[sup2.5] exposures in the working age population of Helsinki metropolitan area
Environment control for animals and plants
Plans for ventitalion and comparison of new heating systems for an old house
Indoor climate problems : investigation and remedial measures
Ventilation systems : design and performance
Smoke ventilation in operational fire fighting. Par 2, Multi-storey buildings
Type of ventilation system in office buildings and sick building syndrome
Black powder war
Performance of displacement ventilation at Pori Works Ltd
Ventilation and smoking : reducing the exposure to ETS in buildings
HVAC planning of a townhouse : HVAC plans made abroad for another member of the family business
Making the building breathe
Modeling indoor air pollution
Moisture performance of wooden buildings : feedback information and repaire of damages
Effects of lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on energy use and CO2 emissions in high latitude cucumber growing
Modern diesel technology : heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration
Rakennusten ilmanvaihto = Ventilation for buildings : rakennusten energiatehokkuus = energy performance of buildings : ilmastointijärjestelmien määräaikaistarkastusohjeet = guidelines for inspection of air-conditioning systems
Heat and moisture dissipation from cattle : measurements and simulation model
Rehva workshops at clima 2005 : Lausanne, Switzerland 10-12 October 2005
Effect of outdoor air quality on indoor air
My diploma project's main aim was to design and compare three different kinds of heating systems and design a mechanical ventilation system. After comparing these options it is possible to renovate the house according to my plans and choose the best option.  I made my comparing depending on the last year's electricity bill and the fact that 4 m³ of piled wood was bought in the beginning of the year 2013 and burned during the year.  I compared investment costs and their efficiencies for a longer period.  Two of my options were working with a geothermal pump but the distribution was different and the third one was an air source heat pump. To all of these options an air supply unit with HRV was included. I found out that in this object the option with air source heat pump would be the best because of the low investment cost and the efficiency is still quite close to the other options.  When the time will come for a renovation I have now a plan for the ventilation and I can decide the heating system relying on my diploma project.  Key words: Heating, ventilation, energy efficiency.
Victory of eagles : a novel of Temeraire
Ventilation rate in office buildings and sick building syndrome
Legionellosis prevention in building water and HVAC systems : a practical guide for design, operation and maintenence to minimize the risk
Geothermal HVAC : green heating and cooling
Hazardous Area Ventilation in Gas and Diesel Power Plant
Time-dependent two-dimensional simulation of rotating cleaning brushes for round and rectangular ventilation ducts
Direct digital control of building systems : theory and practice
Natural ventilation in buildings : a design handbook
Captain Will Laurence and his noble dragon Temeraire battle against Bonaparte's invading forces.  When China discovers that their rare gift, meant for Napoleon, is now in the hands of the British forces, they demand the return of the dragon
Throne of jade
Demand Control Ventilation in Sport Facilities
Roomvent 2007, 13-15 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : Scanvac conference : proceedings, abstract book
Energy saving of central air-conditioning and control system : Case study: Nanchang Hongkelong Supermarket
NFPA 204 : standard for smoke and heat venting
Prognostics for industrial machinery availability : final seminar Espoo 12.12.2006
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011.
Dust in ventilation ducts: accumulation, measurement and removal
Modelling the attached plane jet in a room
Industrial ventilation design guidebook
Low-energy timber frame buildings : designing for high performance
Ventilation and airflow in buildings : methods for diagnosis and evaluation
Ventilation systems for commercial kitchens
Energy efficient, smart and healthy buildings : REHVA Workshops at CLIMA 2013 Prague, Czech Republic, 17-19 June 2013
ASHRAE handbook. 2004, Heating, ventilating, and air-conditioning systems and equipment
Roomvent 2007 : Scanvac Conference 13-15 June 2007, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 1.
Mixing ventilation : guide on mixing air distribution design
A future view of air-conditioning
Roomvent 2007 : Scanvac Conference 13-15 June 2007, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 3.
Natural Home Heating : the Complete Guide to renewable Energy Options
Mechanical supply and exhaust ventilation in high rise residential buildings in Russia
Home Automation : Smart home technology and template house design
Survey and mitigation of occupational radon exposure in underground workplaces
Energy Efficiency -  Assessment and  Analysis of  Energy Consumption at  TAMK Kuntokatu 3 Campus
Ventilation of buildings
Ventilation of annular space of double walled piping
Building ventilation : theory and measurement
This thesis examines and presents planning of HVAC systems for a new townhouse. It  is a description of what I made and why I made it this way. First I planned a radon removal which is set mandatory by law in Finland. Then I planned sewer systems. As well as radon removal, some parts of sewer systems are under the ground so they needed to be planned first. The construction was already in the progress when I finished my last drawings.  After these I planned the ventilation, water supply and heating. My target was to make all systems reasonable in the price in relation to the use costs without forgetting the resale value. Other important factors when planning the systems were energy efficiency, user-friendly result and to reach the smartest way to build them.  The building is a town house. Two of its sides are connected to houses next to it.  However all the building services are unique. This has an effect on some things in the planning compared to a traditional family house. Townhouse is a new and uncommon way of building in Finland.  My brother is building the house of the project and my father has been an entrepreneur in the construction industry for more than 25 years. Before this project he has always ordered all the HVAC plans from an external author. My brother is a recently graduated carpenter. I'm doing the HVAC plans first time outside my summer job place or school.  This project is an interesting new formulation of our family company. This project is made abroad without visiting the construction side or meeting any stakeholders face to face. Key words: heating, ventilation, water supply, radon removal, sewer systems.
Handbook of smoke control engineering
The summer isles
Building and HVAC system performance in practice: REHVA Workshops at CLIMA 2016 Aalborg, Denmark, 22-25 May 2016
Energy efficiency at Mapromec
Mechanical ventilation installations : guidelines
Root Growth Conditions in Greenwall : Test Method Development and Experiment Conduction
Formaldehyde in childrens furniture
WellBeing Indoors : Clima 2007, 10-14 June, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings CD-ROM
The undertaking
A PQ-formulation for ventilation duct system flow analyses : applications
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 5
Calculation methods for air supply design in industrial facilities : litterature review
Modelling methods for energy in buildings
Efficient reduction of indoor exposures : health benefits from optimizing ventilation, filtration and indoor source controls
Indoor air quality engineering : environmental health and control of indoor pollutants
Advanced design of local ventilation systems
Vehicle thermal management systems : held on 18-21 May 2003 at the Hilton Brighton Metropole Hotel, Brighton, UK
Air-conditioning America : engineers and the controlled environment, 1900-1960
Industrial ventilation : engineering principles
Fundamentals of HVAC control systems
A man lies dreaming
Prudent practices in the laboratory : handling and management of chemical hazards
Efficiency of heat recovery unit in D-building
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 1
Indoor air quality : a guide for facility managers
Raven's gate : the graphic novel
The purpose of this graduation thesis was to study the operational principles of a ship air conditioning system, as well as the rules and related requirements. In addition, the system design related dimensioning calculations and principles were considered. This graduation thesis was commissioned by Foreship Ltd and will become a standard design guideline for the HVAC department. Furthermore, it will also be applied to other air conditioning related projects as well as being educational material for new employees. The air conditioning design of a new building cruise ship is divided into several phases. At the very beginning of the project, the air conditioning supplier prepares the DI & I drawings for the classification approvals. The second step is the basic design phase when the single line diagrams are prepared by the air conditioning supplier. The third and final design a phase is detail design when all earlier phase information is collected into the very detailed installation drawings and prefabrication drawings This graduation thesis focuses on the DI & I and basic design. The air conditioning system of a cruise ship operates in very challenging climates due to the high temperature and high humidity in the outdoor areas.The graduation thesis presents the air treatment process starting from air intakes through the air handling unit into the served space. The graduation thesis is also a starting point for a standardization project of Foreship Ltd HVAC department. The future target is to produce similar guidelines for the accommodation piping related systems as well.
The last days of new Paris
Effects of supplemental lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on weekly to seasonal heat and electricity use and CO2 emissions in cucumber growing were estimated in Finland. With moderate lighting (170 W m-2 above rows, 60 W m-2 inter-row) in a ventilated greenhouse, seasonal electricity and heat use (MJ kg-1 cucumber) were 20-50 and 10-25, 17-30 and 3-8, 38-55 and 10-18 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. In summer, a semi-closed greenhouse improved energy use efficiency by 20-30% and split-root fertigation by 0-15%. Raising light intensity and applying inter- row lighting allowed higher yields in autumn to mid-winter without affecting electricity use efficiency. In other seasons, increasing the lighting decreased the efficiency. The emissions largely resulted from electricity use. Direct emissions (kg CO2-eq kg-1) based on propane and electricity from the national grid were 2.5, 1.5 and 3.3 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. Efficiency of using solar and supplemental PAR was markedly lower in summer than in other seasons. The results provide profile of energy use and emissions and point to ways to reduce them.
Demand Controlled Ventilation Systems : CO2 Controlled Ventilation Systems
Renovation of Ventilation and Air-conditioning System in Old Russian Museums
Variable air volume systems for environmental quality
Ventilation and air-conditioning of electrical equipment rooms : handbook of Industrial Air Technology Applications
Ventilation for acceptable indoor air quality
Hypoxic air venting for protection of heritage
ASHRAE handbook : 1996 heating, ventilating, and air conditioning systems and equipment
Indoor air quality engineering
The impact of air tightness of the building envelope on the efficiency of ventilation systems with heat recovery
Air distribution systems : CIBSE commissioning code A
The management of maintenance and engineering systems in the hospitality industry
ASHRAE pocket guide for air conditioning, heating, ventilation, refrigeration
Influence of kinetic energy sources and internal obstructions on room air conditioning strategy, efficiency of ventilation and room velocity conditions
Industrial  ventilation : a manual of recommended practice
The structural design of air and gas ducts for power stations and industrial boiler applications
Ventilation of commercial kitchens.
Influence of thermal mass on the heating and cooling demands of a building unit
His Majesty's dragon
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 3
Modelling bristle behaviour in rotating brush duct cleaning
Empire of ivory
Progress in modern ventilation : proceedings of the Ventilation 2000, 6th International Symposium on Ventilation for Contaminant Control, 4-7 June 2000, Helsinki, Finland. Volume 2
Ashrae pocket guide to air conditioning, heating, ventilation and refrigeration
Managing indoor air quality
Faber and Kell's heating and air-conditioning of buildings
Produce-simulator property evaluation for indirect airflow distribution measurement through horticultural crop package
Total hydronic balancing : a handbook for design and trouble-shooting of hydronic HVAC systems
Proceedings
Indoor air
Principles of heating ventilating and air conditioning : a textbook with design data based on the 2013 ASHRAE handbook fundamentals
Air distribution and air diffusion : rules to methods of measuring air flow rate in an air handling duct = Distribution et diffusion de l'air : règles pour la technique de mesure du débit d'air dans un conduit aéraulique
International symposium on simple ventilation and heating methods for greenhouses in mild winter houses, Djerba-Tozeur-Tunisia, February 28-March 6, 1988
Humidity control in outdoor-air-ventilated crawl spaces in cold climate by means of ventilation, ground covers and dehumidification
Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning (HVAC)control systems are omnipresent in modern buildings. This book is an introduction to all those involved in the specification, design, manufacture, installation, operation or maintainance of these systems. The book explains: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams. Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications.The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols .DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning After completing this course, you will understand: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams.Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications. The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols. DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning.
Heating, ventilating, and air conditioning : analysis and design
Wake up and dream
A Study of Gas Emissions from Dry Toilets
Measurement and characterization of particles and bioaerosols in HVAC systems and indoor air of office buildings
The Rehva European HVAC Journal
Climatologie et conservation dans les musées. Climatology and conservation in museums
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 2
A handbook on low-energy buildings and district-energy systems : fundamentals, techniques and examples
The effect of thermal plumes on the performance of ventilated ceilings in commercial kitchens
Extract and cleaning of contaminated air in commercial kitchens : Ultraviolet technology
Energy & environmental strategies for the 1990's
Net-zero energy technical shelter
Fire and gas detection : air, smoke and gas behavior in engine hall
Quality of indoor air and functionality of ventilation in day care centres
Mechanical ventilation systems in swimming pools
BIM Workflow for Mechanical Ventilation Design :  Object-Based Modeling with Autodesk Revit®
A Surrealist bomb transfigures war-torn Paris into a phantasmagoric dreamscape, unleashing a race of nightmarish creatures.
Hazardous materials in the histopathology laboratory : regulations, risks, handling and disposal
Roomvent 2007 : Scanvac Conference 13-15 June 2007, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 2.
Handbook of ventilation for contaminant control
