http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5439 stoppage
stoppage interruption
Dropouts : who drops out and why - and the recommended action
Economic studies on higher education and productivity
Guiding at-risk youth through learning to work : lessons from across Europe
Dropouts from school : issues, dilemmas, and solutions
Breaking the cycle of educational alienation : a multiprofessional approach
Why our high schools need the arts
School dropout and extended study time among the International Business and Administration students at Oulu Vocational College
Forms and functions of interruptions in mixed-sex dyadic casual conservations
Tackling early leaving from education and training in Europe : strategies, policies and measures
Talk in interaction : comparative dimensions
Best or second best choice? : polytechnic education in the lives of engineering students
Information, predation risk and foraging decisions during mobbing in great tits Parus major
Effective strategies for dropout prevention of at-risk yuoth
Integrating all young people into society through education and training. Vol. 1, Proceedings of the meeting, Brussels, 7 and 8 May 1998
Early school leaving and lifelong guidance
Truancy prevention and intervention : a practical guide
Abortion in England 1900-1967
Finnish summary.
Suspension or termination of treaties on grounds of breach
Understanding early school leaving : a narrative research approach
"Dropping out," drifting off, being excluded : becoming somebody without school
Educational wastage at the primary level : socio-economic and school factors related to dropping out, repetition and promotion
On some social factors affecting dropout in higher education
Learning. earning and withdrawing : on social factors affecting higher educational and professional career
Youth at risk : a prevention resource for counselors, teachers, and parents
Paradoxes in legal abortion : a longitudinal study of motives, attitudes and experiences in women and men
When I grow up : culturally sensitive graphic design explorations
Staying or leaving the course : non-completion and retention of mature students in further and higher education
Dropout as a Phenomenon among 15-18 -Year-Old Cross Country Skiers at Vuokatti Sports Academy
Framing dropouts : notes on the politics of an urban public high school
Supply Chain Management  Programme : plan on how to minimize the number of dropouts
Supplemental instruction : increasing achievement and retention
Early school leavers in Australia : family, school and personal determinants of the decision of 16-year-old Australians to remain at school or to leave
The vast majority of kids in the developed world finish high school--but not in the United States. More than a million kids drop out every year, around 7,000 a day, and the numbers are rising. Dropping Out offers a comprehensive overview by one of the country's leading experts, and provides answers to fundamental questions: Who drops out, and why? What happens to them when they do? How can we prevent at-risk kids from short-circuiting their futures? Students start disengaging long before they get to high school, and the consequences are severe--not just for individuals but for the larger society and economy. Dropouts never catch up with high school graduates on any measure. They are less likely to find work at all, and more likely to live in poverty, commit crimes, and suffer health problems. Even life expectancy for dropouts is shorter by seven years than for those who earn a diploma. Rumberger advocates targeting the most vulnerable students as far back as the early elementary grades. And he levels sharp criticism at the conventional definition of success as readiness for college. He argues that high schools must offer all students what they need to succeed in the workplace and independent adult life. A more flexible and practical definition of achievement--one in which a high school education does not simply qualify you for more school--can make school make sense to young people. And maybe keep them there.
Redundant masculinities? : employment change and white working class youth
Interruptions : the effects of gender and status on conversational dominance in an academic context
What do anthropologists have to say about dropouts? : The First Centennial Conference on Children at Risk, School of Education, Stanford University
Preventive practices in vocational training : systemic approach
Hanging in and dropping out : voices of at-risk high school students
The work-life balance of high-powered professionals
Client-related predictors of treatment dropout in an outpatient alcoholism programme combining individual cognitive-behavioral therapy and naltrexone
School leadership tools in preventing student dropout in one Finnish school
University students' general study orientations : theoretical background, measurements, and practical implications
Giving up on school : student dropouts and teacher burnouts
Production ramp-up and ramp-down process development from viewpoint of supply planning
On the dynamics of undergraduate performance and dropout
The dissolution process of a business relationship : a case study from tailored software business
Improving school attendance
Integrating all young people into society through education and training. Vol. 2, Compendium of the projects
Reworking the student departure puzzle
Positive intervention for pupils who struggle at school : creating a modified primary curriculum
Keeping students in higher education : successful practices and strategies for retention
Girls and exclusion : rethinking the agenda
Thematic study on policy measures concerning disadvantaged youth
Nursing student retention : understanding the process and making a difference
Responding in overlap : agency, epistemicity and social action in conversation
Dropping out : why students drop out of high school and what can be done about it
Determinants of military adjustment and attrition during Finnish conscript service
Interruption and Timing in Self initiated Repairs
School dropout and completion : international comparative studies in theory and policy
The unqualified school leaver : a literature review
School dropout remains a persistent and critical issue in many school systems, so much so that it is sometimes referred to as a crisis. Populations across the globe have come to depend on success at school for establishing careers and gaining access to post-school qualifications. Yet large numbers of young people are excluded from the advantages that successful completion of school brings and as a result are subjected to consequences such as higher likelihood of unemployment, lower earnings, greater dependence on welfare and poorer physical health and well-being. Over recent decades, most western nations have stepped up their efforts to reduce drop out and raise school completion rates while maintaining high standards. How school systems have approached this, and how successful they are, varies. This book compares the various approaches by evaluating their impact on rates of dropout and completion. Case studies of national systems are used to highlight the different approaches including institutional arrangements and the various alternative secondary school programs and their outcomes. The evaluation is based on several key questions: What are the main approaches? How do they work? For whom do they work? And, how successful are they in promoting high rates of completion and equivalent outcomes for all? This book examines the nature of the dropout problem in advanced industrialized countries with the goal of developing a broader, international understanding that can feed into public policy to help improve completion rates worldwide. -- back cover.
Communicating with one another : toward a psychology of spontaneous spoken discourse
Studies of working memory in interrupted human-computer interaction
Creating the dropout : an institutional and social history of school failure
Redundant Masculinities? investigates the links between the so-called 'crisis of masculinity' and contemporary changes in the labour market through the lives of young working class men.
Emotional obstacles of E-learning
Summary in Finnish (Yhteenveto)
The major aim and purpose of this study is to investigate and assess the roles and function of smooth production ramp-up and ramp-down of manufacturing industry towards achieving fast fulfillment of customer demand. When the company brings a great deal of new variants/products to the market, it is important that there are good methods and knowledge available. The whole organization needs to work together to get the best possible result. Ramp-up needs to be quick enough to fulfill the customer ́s needs. There are great deal of similar kind of products from several suppliers in the market. If the product is not available early enough, they choose another supplier. Demand supply planning organization and delivery capability management need to be involved when the planning of ramp-up and ramp-down timing is started. It is very important that there are not too much excess material available in the end of the ramp-down. Supply planning and Delivery capability team calculate together the best point to stop the manufacturing and delivering 4 the ramp-down product to the customer. There are always some materials which need to be scrapped, but the scrapped material and the benefit of the new product need to be in balance. Several questions have to be taken into account; a lower SPC price for the new coming product (=profitability), minimizing obsolescence, to be taken into account the customer ́s needs and wishes.Some changes in the product are very important for the customer. It depends on what kind of change it is, a modification or a product change. If it is only a modification change, it is much easier to also use old material at a very low level and minimize the excess materials. If it is a bigger change, then it is very important to cooperate with the sales to make the best possible timing for the ramp-up and for ramp-down as well. Technological development is now days so quick that a product life-cycle is very short. Of course, it depends on what kind of product it is. In a base station product the life-cycle is only some years.
Transforming schools
Improving behaviour and attendance at school
Different paths to an engineering degree : a study of ICT engineering students' educational backgrounds, study attainment and discontinuation of studies
SCHOOL DROPOUT AND EXTENDED STUDY TIME AMONG THE INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS AND ADMINISTRATION STUDENTS AT OULU VOCATIONAL COLLEGE
Reform and relevance in schooling : dropouts, de-streaming and the common curriculum
What is in an interruption? : talk-show conversations reveal all
Why information systems and software engineering students enter and leave their study programme : a factor model and process theory
Interruption and uncooperativeness in academic ELF group work : an application of Linear Unit Grammar
Retention and student success in higher education
Personality and labour market outcomes
Motivation and study councelling : reasons behind study prolongation and termination and how to improve students'
Improving student retention in higher education : the role of teaching and learning
An analysis of the role of social safety net scholarships in reducing school drop-out during the Indonesian economic crisis
Medical ethics in antiquity : philosophical perspectives on abortion and euthanasia
Dropout as a Phenomenon among 15-18-Year-Old Cross Country Skiers at  Vuokatti Sports Academy
Wasted opportunities: when schools fail : repetition and drop-out in primary schools
From education to work : report from Friskie EU -project
The school practitioner's concise companion to preventing dropout and attendance problems
Educating the net generation : how to engage students in the 21st century
Student retention in online, open, and distance learning
Last chance high : how girls and boys drop in and out of alternative schools
Second chance in education : an interdisciplinary and international perspective
Experiencing studies at the University of Joensuu : modelling a student cohort's satisfaction, study achievements and dropping out
Review to studying succee at a CCNA courses
College student retention : formula for student success
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Abortion and woman's choice : the state, sexuality, and reproductive freedom
"Quit talking while i'm interrupting": A comparison between positions of overlap onset in conversation
Discontinuation of education
The drop-outs : a treatment study of intellectually capable students who drop out of high school
Leaving early : undergraduate non-completion in higher education
Retaining at-risk students : the role of career and vocational education
School leavers : their aspirations and expectations
A multidisciplinary analysis of physical activity, sport participation and dropping out among young Finns : a 12-year follow-up study
Learning difficulties, academic well-being and educational pathways among adolescent students
Why information systems and software engineering students enter and leave their study programme:a factor model and process theory
