http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5445 wireless data transmission
wireless data transmission
Advanced receiver structures for mobile MIMO multicarrier communication systems
Wireless multimedia communications : convergence, DSP, QoS, and security
Wireless broadband single-carrier systems with MMSE turbo equalization receivers
Designing the phone functionality and user interface for a smart phone
Spectrally efficient turbo reception technologies for single-carrier broadband wireless communications
Controller-Based Wireless LAN Fundamentals : An end-to-end reference guide to design, deploy, manage, and secure 802.11 wireless networks
AP-based WLAN
BlackBerry for work : productivity for professionals
Mobile solutions and the construction industry : is it a working combination?
Network security technologies : design and applications
Abstract: In this thesis the wireless sensor network feasibility of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller will be analysed. Due to the fast evolving field of embedded wireless applications, this project was initiated by the Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Science in order to provide a platform for future projects. The main part of this thesis will discuss the the nRFgo software development kit and the hardware hardware of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller. Tools that have been used are an integrated development environment provided by the Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences and a C language compiler named SDCC. As a result, this study has deepened the understanding of the hardware and the nRFgo software development kit and their capabilities. The microcontroller has some excellent characteristics that makes it an interesting object in order to build wireless sensor networks. The system on a chip architecure makes it a meaningful tool for sensing and communication. This thesis gives an introduction into wirless sensor networks and the properties of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller with a build in radio frequncy unit, demonstrating the capabilities of this promissing system on a chip microcontroller and enabling further research in the field of wireless embedded networking and wireless sensor networks for the Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences.
Customer satisfaction of an industrial product : case PiccoLink RF500 / RF600
Network security technologies and solutions
Multidimensional FSMC models in simulating wireless communication systems
Near field communication : atenna tolerance analysis
RFID Systems and Applications in Positioning
Gas station price indicator : advanced computer & telecommunication project
CCNP quick reference
CWDP certified wireless design professional : official study guide
Dielectric materials for wireless communication
Wireless transmission for loaders in a thermal processing plant
Using short-range radio systems for educational purposes : ZigBee and Bluetooth
Near field communication (NFC) / : a technical overview
Future wireless systems will require high data rate with low transmit and processing power consumption. A combination of multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) transmission with orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) is a promising approach for offering better performance in terms of the capacity and quality of service (QoS). The detector in the wireless receiver is one of the highest power consuming parts. In order to minimize the power consumption, it is desirable for the detector to be able to change the detection algorithm to suit the channel conditions.In this thesis work, we study the suitability of different MIMO detection algorithms for adaptive operation. The selective spanning with fast enumeration (SSFE), K-best list sphere detector (LSD), linear minimum mean square error (LMMSE), and successive interference cancellation (SIC) detectors are compared to each other in terms of communications performance in the 4 × 4 and 8 × 8 MIMO–OFDM systems. The impact of least squares (LS) and minimum mean square error (MMSE) channel estimation methods, mobile speed, and transmit precoding at the base station on detector algorithm selection is also considered. The SIC detector is shown to suffer from error propagation in poor channel conditions. The SSFE detector is unable to outperform the K-best LSD and is occasionally outperformed by the LMMSE detector. The LMMSE detector is able to outperform the K-best LSD on the low signal-to-noise (SNR) regime when the mobile speed is high and the spatial channel correlation is low or moderate; it is also found to be more robust against channel estimation errors. Because a realistic adaptive detector is expected to support only two detection algorithms, the K-best LSD and LMMSE are selected based on the performance results for application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) architecture design and further comparison.The chosen algorithms are evaluated by considering the performance and implementation results. The K-best LSD provides good performance under challenging channel conditions with the cost of high complexity and power consumption. The LMMSE detector is energy efficient but performs poorly in correlated channels. However, exceptions exist, and detailed results on when to use a simple detector and when to use a complex detector are provided.
SOFTWARE ARCHITECTURE FOR LOW TIER EMBEDDED PRODUCT PLATFORM
Caution! Wireless networking : preventing a data disaster
Analysis of Wireless Network Performances in WLAN Topologies.
Proceedings of the WWRF sixth meeting : London, UK, 25-26 June 2002
Time Synchronization Testing with Roving WLAN Network
Mobile VPN : delivering advanced services in next generation wireless systems
LDAP metadirectory provisioning methodology : a step by step method to implementing LDAP based metadirectory provisioning & identity management systems
Multidimensional adaptive radio links for broadband communications
Adaptive power and frequency allocation strategies in cognitive radio systems
Resource management in cooperative MIMO-OFDM cellular systems
Proceedings of the WWRF second meeting : Helsinki, Finland, May 10-11, 2001
Wireless health monitoring system : (Vital Transmitter)
Iterative detection, decoding, and channel estimation in MIMO-OFDM
Body Area Network, Standardization, Analysis and Application
Ground-based wireless positioning
WLAN access points
Professional Mobile Web Development with WordPress, Joomla! and Drupal
WiMAX crash course
Microelectromechanical resonator-based components for wireless communications : filters and transmission lines
The book of wireless : a painless guide to wi-fi and broadband wireless
Strategy for wireless transmission disturbances detection and identification in industrial wireless sensor networks
Methods for space-time parameter estimation in DS-CDMA arrays
Wally : 433/868 MHz radio module
Modeling of the RF SOI transistor
Network connection selection : solving a new multiobjective optimization problem
Cognitive radio networks
Error control coding for B3G/4G wireless systems : paving the way to IMT-advanced standards
This Bachelor’s thesis was commissioned by OY LM Ericsson AB. The work was done at Ericsson’s premises in Oulu. Oulu premises concentrate on re-search and development of base station solutions for WCDMA and LTE-networks. The purpose of this thesis was to automate base station test cases in a real RNC-environment in a WCDMA-network, mainly traffic cases that measure average throughput in different conditions and settings. The main aim of this automation was to automate some of the testing so that human resources that were consumed by this basic testing could be assigned to something more useful. And of course automation could bring much needed stability and better regression to testing. Other aims were to document the used equipment and choose test cases to automate. The aims were achieved so that the chosen transfer multi-RAB and soft hando-ver test cases were automated. All of the test cases are not possible to auto-mate but few more should be possible. Unfortunately that was not possible in time reserved for this thesis. The used equipment was also documented. Auto-mation is in use for daily software release testing now. This automation could be taken further for example by attaching a signal ana-lyzer with an Ethernet connection. This would enable antenna power measurements. Robustness testing cases are possible to add to this system. Adding a third base station to the attenuator would add many different variations for handovers.
Free space optical link
PHY and MAC layer performance optimization of the IEEE 802.16 system
CCNP cisco LAN switch configuration study guide (Exam 640-404)
LDAP directories explained : an introduction and analysis
Intelligent medium access control for the future wireless networks
Wireless mesh networking
Modeling and managing energy consumption of mobile devices
Frequency domain model fitting and Volterra analysis implemented on top of harmonic balance simulation
Web and wireless geographical information systems : 7th international symposium, W2GIS 2007, Cardiff, UK, November 28-29, 2007. proceedings
Analysis and performance of FBMC techniques with application to relay networks
Business models for wireless Internet access
Singleband UWB systems : analysis and measurements of coexistence with selected existing radio systems
Wireless vital signs monitoring system for ubiquitous healthcare with practical tests and reliability analysis
Body Area Network  Standardization, Analysis and Application
Enhanced radio access technologies for next generation mobile communication
Wireless communications : TDMA versus CDMA
A decentralized session management framework for heterogeneous ad-hoc and fixed networks
A study for a possible hybrid DVB-NGH
Beginning Windows Phone 7 application development : building Windows Phone applications using Silverlight and XNA
Wireless LANs : implementing interoperable networks
Wireless technologies in process automation : a review and an application example
Performance analysis of security measures in near field communication
Detection algorithms and architectures for wireless spatial multiplexing in MIMO-OFDM systems
Enhancing telepresence with mobile virtual proxies
Use of Bluetooth in automation technology
Spectrum and energy efficient solutions for OFDMA collaborative wireless networks
Research about wireless sensor network feasibility of the nRF24LE1D microcontroller
Throughput and Time Sync Simulation in WSN with OPNET Tool
Software architecture for low tier embedded product platform
TCP performance in heterogeneous wireless networks
The goal of this thesis was to develop a wireless communication system for communication between the commissioner DA-Design's TV viewing measurement devices, iMeters. The final product will replace the 433 and 868 MHz Triacon radio modules currently in use. The final product had also to be compatible with the Triacon modules. The project included documenting the programming parameters of the Triacon radio modules. It also included comparing different radio chips on the market, testing the selected chip and range measurements. The project also included electronics design and prototyping. Documentation concerning the product had to be delivered to DA-Design in English, as specified by the commissioner. The radio chip selected for the future radio link was Texas Instruments CC1101. Range measurements with the CC1101 were done indoors and outdoors using the SmartRF04DK development kit. Operation of the Triacon radio modules was researched using a logic analyzer. Compatibility testing between the CC1101 and the Triacon modules was successful. PCB design for the CC1101 was done by DA-Design using as a base the Texas Instruments CC1101EM reference design.
Android ECG Application Development
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
Design and Implementation of a Wireless ZigBee Mesh Network
Wireless location awareness using UWB technology
Mobility management in wireless networks
Efficient channel modeling methods for mobile communication systems
Purpose – The purpose of this paper is to examine the barriers associated with the adoption and use  of mobile sales force automation (SFA) systems from a salesperson's perspective.  Design/methodology/approach – A qualitative investigation of two business-to-business  companies was conducted. Data collected from ten semi-structured interviews with directors or sales  managers were analyzed to understand the main barriers to SFA system adoption.  Findings – The study confirms the existence of three barriers (customer knowledge, quality of  information and the characteristics of mobile devices) to a mobile SFA system use and identifies two  additional barriers: lack of time and optimization issues.  Research limitations/implications – The explorative nature of the study and the qualitative  method employed limit the generalizability of the results. The propositions could be further validated  and tested with a wider population.  Practical implications – Organizations wishing to speed the adoption of a mobile SFA system  should evaluate the importance and significance of the five identified barriers to adoption, and plan how  to overcome them. It is important for the providers of the mobile SFA systems to focus on developing  systems that can exploit the different characteristics of each channel and, in parallel, overcome the  inherent limitations of any single channel. The content of an SFA system should be customizable for  each type of mobile device.  Originality/value – Ever increasing mobility has led to a rise in the use of smartphones and tablet  PCs (tablets) in business and the consequent growth in the use of SFA systems. Although SFA systems  have been studied for roughly 30 years, little is known of the impact of newly developed mobile devices  on sales management and sales personnel.
Basics of computer networking
CCNA Wireless 640-722 official cert (certification guide)
OFDM and MIMO modelling in a system simulator with advanced link to system interface
Synthesis and application of orthogonal signal bases possessing enhanced time-frequency localization for mobile wireless networks
Security of wireless remote control and monitoring in electric network
Analysis of OFDMA resource allocation with limited feedback
Bandwidth enhanced antennas for mobile terminals and multilayer ceramic packages
Studies on high speed uplink packet access performance enhancements
Update of Giga-Vamos : technology roadmap
Ultra wideband systems with MIMO
M-business : the strategic implications of wireless technologies
Software Radio using Warp Fpga Board
Effects of handoff algorithms on the performance of multimedia wireless networks
Code acquisition in direct sequence spread spectrum systems using smart antennas
Digital natives' and immigrants' switching behavior in smart home environment : comparative study
Building applications with iBeacon
Designing and developing wireless consumer application
Ultra-wideband communications : fundamentals and applications
Barriers to the use of mobile  sales force automation system : a salesperson's perspective
Wireless sensor networks : technology, protocols, and applications
Analysis of mobile email market and industry
Ubiquitous healthcare system based on a wireless sensor network
This doctoral thesis presents a novel method for detecting and identifying radio channel disturbances. Wireless transmission in factory environments occasionally becomes degraded due to harsh radio signal propagation conditions. The most disruptive disturbances are caused by other wireless devices (co-channel and adjacent interference), environmental characteristics such as metal constructions and heavy equipment (signal fading), and electrical and mechanical equipment (noise). We have performed extensive measurements in different industrial environments to study the effects of different radio channel disturbances on signal propagation. The obtained measurement results led us to develop signal analysis methods and a disturbance detector based on a classifier. The classifier was tested in a real industrial environment; these tests showed an encouraging detection performance.Signal analysis is performed both in time and frequency domains. In the time domain, the probability density function (PDF) method is used. It is based on detecting the PDF shape variations calculated from the received signal and their correlation to the environmental changes in the radio channel. In the frequency domain, spectrogram analysis is performed. Here, we calculate the spectrogram of each received data packet, and by applying image analysis tools on the spectrograms, we obtain the required information on the received signal and on other radio transmissions which may have disturbed our radio signal transmission. The recognition and identification of the radio channel disturbances is based on the fusion of the signal magnitude analysis (PDF) and spectrogram analysis with a classifier.We also discuss the development process of a classifier-based tool towards an embedded solution. The classifier was developed and extensively tested using USPR N210, ETTUS SDR (Software Defined Radio). The classifier proved to be a feasible solution for detecting and identifying reliability flaws of wireless transmission in the industrial environment, and will be further developed into a portable, small-sized SDR-based tool.
Towards the wireless information society. 1, Systems, services, and applications
The RF in RFID : passive UHF RFID in practice
Advanced voice and data solutions for evolution of cellular network system
Computer networking : a top-down approach
RF & microwave design essentials : engineering design and analysis from DC to microwaves
WiMAX evolution : emerging technologies and applications
BlackBerry Pearl 3G for dummies
Internet Protocol version 6 and mobility in Siemens Mobile Networks
Microwave materials for wireless applications
Solar Energy Harvesting in WSN with Development Tool
On data mining applications in mobile networking and network security
Multipoint transmission scheme for HSDPA
Low power synchronization in wireless network
LTE for 4G mobile broadband : air interface technologies and performance
Detection algorithms and ASIC designs for MIMO-OFDM downlink receivers
Near field communication (NFC) is a form of wireless communication technology in which data is transferred via a magnetic field. Unlike GPS or WLAN, NFC is used for short range data transfer. The purpose of this thesis is to study NFC technology, its problems as well as its standard requirements and perform a tolerance analysis of NFC antenna. The tolerance analysis is executed by using Monte Carlo analysis, performance analysis and normal distribution analysis. The Monte Carlo analysis is performed by using an APLAC simulation, which takes the tolerances of tuning components into account. The results of Monte Carlo analysis suggest that the variance of the resonance frequency is within acceptable frequency. The performance analysis is executed by measuring antenna EMVCo load modulation measurements with several different antenna samples. The results prove that samples with inductance between 2.1414 µH and 2.0406 µH meet EMVCo load modulation requirements. The normal distribution analysis is based on 5000 antenna samples, which are used to plot the normal distribution of antenna inductance. The results suggest that almost any sample that is produced is within the inductance in which EMVCo load modulation passes. The results of the analysis methods suggest that current antenna tuning fits into the tolerance of produced antennas proving that current antenna tuning is excellent.
Wireless positioning technologies and applications
An adaptive space-time coding : spatial multiplexing detector on FPGA
Time Synchronization in Wireless Sensor Networks
Modelling information diffusion in mobile encounter network
Wireless sensor network in intelligent sport environment
Smart packet access and call admission control for efficient resource management in advanced wireless networks
Towards the wireless information society. 2, Heterogeneous networks
Efficient Channel Modeling Methods for Mobile Communication Systems
Call performance improvements in voice over LTE
Wally : 433/868 MHz radio module.
Development of Intelligent mobile platform for Decartus system : Mobile video surveillance system
IEEE pervasive computing : mobile and ubiquitous systems
Enhanced communication security and mobility management in small-cell networks
Efficient data transport in wireless overlay networks
Fundamentals of voice-quality engineering in wireless networks
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Nonlinear distortion in wireless systems : modeling and simulation with MATLAB
Vertical handoff and mobility : system architecture and transition analysis
Wireless all-in-one for dummies
Wireless network in ambient intelligence
Cognitive Radio, Software Defined Radio, and Adaptive Wireless Systems
