http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5441 Romans
Romans
Saviour of Rome
Ancient Rome : facts at your fingertips
Ballistic logistic
Introduction to Roman law
Germanicus(a.k.a. Germanicus Iulius Caesar) was regarded by many Romans as a hero in the mould of Alexander the Great. His untimely death, in suspicious circumstances, ended the possibility of a return to a more open republic and ambitions for the outright conquest of Germania Magna (Germany and The Netherlands). This, the first modern biography of Germanicus Caesar, is in parts a growing-up story, a history of war, a tale of political intrigue and a murder mystery. It is a natural sequel to the author's acclaimed book, 'Eager for glory', which, for the first time, discussed the life of Germanicus' birth father, Nero Claudius Drusus. Born in 16 BC, Germanicus grew up to be a skilled diplomat and a bold general, but also a formidable courtroom advocate, poet and playwright. Marked out to be a successor to Augustus, he married Agrippina, the first emperor's granddaughter by whom he fathered nine children, including the future Emperor Caligula. His reputation and popularity were immense. He put down a mutiny of the Rhine legions, was responsible for avenging Rome's humiliating defeat at the Battle of Teutoburg Forest through victory at Idistaviso (AD 16), and the recovery of two of the three lost legionary eagle standards. Recognizing his achievements, the Emperor Tiberius - his adoptive father - granted him a full triumph, but refused to let him complete the reconquest of Germania, sending him instead to command the provinces in the East. Did Tiberius feel jealous and threatened? Germanicus' good fortune waned when he fell out with one of Tiberius' gubernatorial appointees, the arrogant patrician Calpurnius Piso. Germanicus' death in Syria under mysterious circumstances, aged 34, brought great outpourings of public grief and anger, with many suspecting murder on the orders of Tiberius. As Romans demanded justice Piso was put on trial, but he committed suicide - or was he murdered? - before the senate could reach a verdict.In this highly readable, fast paced account, historical detective Lindsay Powell details Germanicus' campaigns and battles in Illyricum and Germania; tracks him on his epic tour of the Eastern Mediterranean to Armenia and down the Nile; evaluates the possible causes of his death; and reports on the cruel fate his wife Agrippina and their children suffered at the hands of Praetorian Guard commander, and Tiberius' infamous deputy, Aelius Seianus.
The religion of the Greeks and Romans
Romans and aliens
The civitas Romana in Etruria
Boar wars
Defender of Rome
A cabinet of Roman curiosities : strange tales and surprising facts from the world's greatest empire
From Nabataea to Roman Arabia : acquisition or conquest
The leopard sword
The Romans
Introduction to early Roman law : comparative sociological studies : the patriarchal joint family. 5:2, Sources and methods : the ancient Roman tradition
Aphrodisias : results of the excavations at Aphrodisias in Caria. 2, Roman portrait statuary from Aphrodisias
Roman foundations of modern law
The Romans in the age of Augustus
The Roman law tradition
The Roman art of war
The blood of kings
Fighting forum
Report on the Phoenician and Roman antiquities in the group of the Islands of Malta
The incorruptibles
Coastal communities on the move : house and polity interaction in Southern Ostrobothnia 1500 BC-AD 1
Asterix and the chieftain's shield
The Roman remains of southern France : a guidebook
Many of those committing recent terrorist attacks have been intent, and have often succeeded, in killing themselves in the process. This volume explores and compares religious and secular traditions of martyrdom and terrorism. Martyrdom is, in a certain sense, central to the Christian tradition, insofar as this is an appropriate description for Christ's Passion. Islamic notions also link shahadat (martyrdom) to “bearing witness” to faith and God. In Christianity, martyrdom is not necessarily limited to those who are persecuted or die in having their faith opposed; a martyr can be one who leads a good, charitable life. Martyrdom in Islam is similarly a manifold matter. In both instances, the association of religious martyrdom with political terror has a complex legacy. Not only does this volume outline the complexity of these legacies—following, for example, Christian martyrdom from its origins in the Roman world, to the experience of the deaths of the “terrorist” leaders of the French Revolution, to parallels in the contemporary world—it also explores how Islamic and Christian traditions compare historically..
The splendor of Roman wall painting
The story of the Roman people
Wounds of honour
Sleeping culture in Roman literary sources
Roman law : mechanisms of development
Asterix the Gallus
The essential Roman baths
Altar of blood
Warrior of Rome. Part II : King of kings
An introduction to Roman law
The wolves of the North :  a warrior of Rome novel
Hero of Rome
The blood crows
The early Roman cities of Lusitania
Eagles at war
A text-book of Roman law from Augustus to Justinian
Textbook on Roman law
How to live like a Roman gladiator
Germanicus : the magnificent life and mysterious death of Rome's most popular general
Clottus and the ghostly gladiator
Ancient Roman clothes
A narrative introduction : christianity in the Greco-Roman world
The heirs of King Verica : culture & politics in Roman Britain
Clash of the empires : The battle for Asia
Supplying Rome and the empire : the proceedings of an international seminar held at Siena-Certosa di Pontignano on May 2-4, 2004, on Rome, the provinces, production and distribution
The romans : gods, emperors and dormice
Under another sky : journeys in Roman Britain
Religion of the Romans
Warrior of Rome. III : Lion of the Sun
Release your inner Roman
A decade has passed since the death of Caradoc, King of the Dumnonii tribe, and his friend, Flavius Magnus Maximus. Britain is battered by Pict invaders, and centurion Constantinus and his legionnaires are fighting them to the death. Maximus's daughter, Lady Severa, holds the key to the throne of the High King of the Britons and when she is threatened with abduction, Constantinus escorts her to the safety of Tintagel. Agreeing to marry her, he is crowned the High King, and Severa bears him two sons, Ambrosius and Uther. But, as the ruler of Britain, Constantinus is poisoned by greed and jealousy, and his thirst for greatness in the Roman Empire will cost him dear...
Dead heat
Fight for freedom
The Romans in Scotland
Rome burning
Warrior of Rome. I : Fire of the east
Invictus
Energy giant NovusCorp has developed the tech to transport people from the past to the present day, and they have just moved the lost population of Pompeii to a replica city. Historian Nick Houghton is brought in to study the Romans, but he soon realises that NovusCorp are underestimating their captives. The Romans may be ignorant of modern technology, but they once ruled an empire. The stage is set for the ultimate clash of cultures.
The coloniae of Roman Britain : new studies and a review : papers of the conference held at Gloucester on 5-6 July, 1997
Roman army
Gladiators 100 BC - AD 200
Tradition and transformation : Egypt under Roman rule : proceedings of the international conference, Hildesheim, Roemer- and Pelizaeus-Museum, 3/6 July 2008
The Romans provides an accessible introduction to the history, society, and scholarship of one of the most captivating and enduring civilizations in human history. From the establishment of the monarchy and the Republican era to the decline of the Empire, this comprehensive volume examines every aspect of Roman culture from both historical and archaeological perspectives. In addition to surveying the well-estbalished subjects of Roman history, author Kevin McGeough discusses the latest events in the archaeological investigation of Rome, such as the recent excavations at the Temple of Castor and Pollux in the Roman Forum and the controversial identification of an ossuary thought by some to hold the body of James, the brother of Jesus. The text is accompanied by carefully chosen illustrations, maps, a glossary, and chronology. Throughout, general readers and students will gain a vivid understanding of Roman civilization and of why it still captures our imagination today.
The ancient Romans' story down to 264 B.C. can be made credible by stripping away their later myths and inventions to show how their national character shaped their destiny. After many generations of scholarly study, consensus is clear: the account in writers like Livy is not to be trusted because their aims were different from ours in history-writing. They wanted their work to be both improving and diverting. It should grow out of the real past, yes, but if that reality couldn't be recovered, or was uncertain, their art did not forbid invention. It more than tolerated dramatic incidents, passions, heroes, heroines, and villains. If, however, all this resulting ancient fiction and adornment are pruned away, a national character can be seen in the remaining bits and pieces of credible information, to explain the familiar story at least in its outlines. To doubt the written sources has long been acceptable, but this or that detail or narrative section must always be left for salvage by special pleading. To press home the logic of doubt is new. To reach beyond the written sources for a better support in excavated evidence is no novelty; but it is a novelty, to find in archeology the principal substance of the narrative - 1which is the choice in this book. To use this in turn for the discovery of an ethnic personality, a Roman national character, is key and also novel.
Mega mash-up : Romans v dinosaurs on Mars
The Romans who shaped Britain
The Romans : an introduction
Journey to Britannia : from the heart of Rome to Hadrian's Wall, AD 130
The age of the gladiators : savagery & spectacle in ancient Rome
A history of ancient Britain
Enemy of Rome
This work is a biographical history of the Romans who conquered and dominated Britain, based on the latest archaeological evidence and original source material. Here are the stories of the people who built and ruled Roman Britain, from the eagle bearer who leaped off Caesar's ship into the waves at Walmer in 55 B.C. to the last cavalry units to withdraw from the island under their dragon standards in the early fifth century A.D. Through the lives of its generals, governors, and emperors and those they sought to rule, this book explores the narrative of Britannia as an integral and often troublesome part of Rome's empire, a hard won province whose mineral wealth and agricultural prosperity made it crucial to the stability of the West. But Britannia did not exist in a vacuum, and the authors set it in an international context to give an account of the pressures and events that had a profound impact on its people and its history. The authors discuss the lives and actions of the Roman occupiers against the backdrop of an evolving landscape, where Iron Age shrines were replaced by marble temples and industrial scale factories and granaries sprang up across the countryside. The cast of characters features men and women both noble and venal, courageous and craven, from Caesar, Agricola and Boudica to Carausius, Magnentius, and Valentinus.
Bricks
Ruthless Romans
Fragile hierarchies : the urban elites of third century Roman Egypt
This study deals with Roman imperialism and the stand made by some conquered peoples in the face of Roman expansion, as exemplified by that of the Arab Nabataeans (modern Jordan) who lost their autonomy at the hands of the Romans in 106 CE. The study is divided into six chapters. The first is concerned with the development of the idea of history (historiography). The second chapter looks specifically at the case of the Nabataeans. Imperial discourse is the subject of the third chapter. Here, the theory of post-colonialism is introduced. Three sections are dealt with under this chapter. First is the understanding of classical sources of Roman imperialism. The second section in this chapter is concerned with the genesis of the idea of 'the other' in the Greco-Roman mentality. Within this context, the third section of this chapter looks at the image of the Nabataeans as 'others' in the accounts of Strabo, Josephus, and Diodorus. Chapter four is concerned with the the annexation of Nabataea, looking at the events of 106 CE within the context of Roman imperialism. The fifth chapter looks at the Nabataean resistance to the Romans both militarily and culturally. The last chapter introduces a fresh approach to the annexation of Nabataean territory.
History of Roman legal science
The wolf's gold
The fate of Roman Britain is sealed when Caradoc, King of the Dumnonii tribe in Tintagel, meets Flavius Magnus Maximus, one of the most influential Roman officers in Britannia. Their unlikely friendship leads to an ambitious plan to unite the tribal leaders and, once crowned the first High King of the Britons, Maximus casts his eyes on the throne of the Western Roman Empire. Leading a force of brave warriors to Gaul, Maximus is victorious in battle. But it is not long after his return to Britain that hubris gnaws at him once again. Despite Caradoc's pleas to exercise caution, Maximus is determined to march on Rome itself. But who will pay the price for his bloodthirsty quest for power?
Avenger of Rome
Classical Roman law
The ancient Romans
SPQR : a history of ancient Rome
The Roman law of slavery : the condition of the slave in private law from Augustus to Justinian
The Roman and Byzantine army in the East : proceedings of a colloquium held at the Jagellonian University, Kraków in September 1992
The gods were the true heroes of Rome. In this major new contribution to our understanding of ancient history, Jörg Rüpke guides the reader through the fascinating world of Roman religion, describing its unique characteristics and bringing its peculiarities into stark relief. Rüpke gives a thorough and engaging account of the multiplicity of cults worshipped by peasant and aristocrat alike, the many varied rites and rituals daily observed, and the sacrifices and offerings regularly brought to these immortals by the population of Ancient Rome and its imperial colonies. This important study provides the perfect introduction to Roman religion for students of Ancient Rome and Classical Civilization.
The Caspian gates : a warrior of Rome novel
WHO WERE THE ROMANS?
Jews and Gentiles in the Holy Land in the Days of the Second Temple, the Mishnah and the Talmud : a collection of articles
Legio X Fretensis : a prosopographical study of its officers (I-III c. A.D.)
Map of Roman Britain
'Lives of The Romans' reveals the mightiest civilization of antiquity through the eyes of its citizens. A vivid and lavishly illustrated portrait of a lost world, this book gives a voice not just to Rome's most famous generals and rulers, such as Sulla, Caesar, Augustus and Caligula, but also to her builders and sculptors, her poets, historians, gladiators, shepherds, courtesans and slaves. An extraordinary range of viewpoints is explored in these 100 biographies. A centurion and a plasterer's wife share pages with the orator Cicero and the scholar Pliny, while a Vestal Virgin shares a chapter with Antinous, the boy lover of Hadrian. Augustine, the church patriarch, and Constantine, Rome's first 'Christian' emperor, rub shoulders with Julian the Apostate and Vettius Agorius Praetextatus, leader of the pagans. Roman women were the most liberated in the ancient world. They could wield massive power and influence, yet are often overlooked. Meet Servilia, Caesar's lover, Agrippina, the murderous wife of Claudius and Antonia Caenis, Vespasian's mistress. Meet also Sulpicia the teenage poet and Amazonia the sword-swinging gladiator. Using the latest archaeological evidence as well as ancient texts, Philip Matyszak and Joanne Berry build up a picture of what it meant to be a Roman citizen. Magnificent portrait sculptures, mosaics and Renaissance paintings of Roman scenes add visual impact to the real-life stories behind the rise and fall of Rome.
Where is Dogmatix?
Historical introduction to the study of Roman law
The Amber Road : a warrior of Rome novel
The poisoned throne
Asterix and the missing scroll
Sword of Rome
Martyrdom and terrorism : pre-modern to contemporary perspectives
Through the eye of a needle : wealth, the fall of Rome, and the making of Christianity in the West, 350-550 AD
Vengeance
Imperial settlers
New Pompeii
Savage city
Inculturation of the Jesus tradition : the impact of Jesus on Jewish and Roman cultures
The arrogance of nations : reading Romans in the shadow of empire
Information and frontiers : Roman foreign relations in late antiquity
Historical conspectus of Roman law
Iron & rust
LRFW 1 - Late Roman fine wares : solving problems of typology and chronology : a review of the evidence, debate and new contexts
Lives of Romans
Tarpeia : workings of a Roman myth
Jail break!
Twitta and the ferocious fever
Commands & colors : Ancients
Command & colors : Ancients allows you to re-fight epic battles of the ancient world. Here the focus is on the two rivals for power in the Western Mediterranean - Carthage and Rome. Will you, as Hannibal, triumph over larger Roman armies; or as Scipio Africanus, will you beat Hannibal with newer tactics of your own?
Roman law : an historical introduction
The Roman Empire
Caesar's vast ghost : aspects of Provence
Brothers in blood
Settlement and soldiers in the Roman Near East
Verulamium : the Roman City of St Albans
At last, the Roman self-help book the world has been waiting for. Marcus Sidonius Falx sets out the characteristics that have made the Romans the most successful people in history and shows how following their example will do the same for you.
Asterix at the olympic games
Britannia - the failed state : ethnic conflict and the end of Roman Britain
The earliest Romans : a character sketch
The survival of Roman family : law after the barbarian settlements
The romans in Britain
Wolf blood
The archaeology of Roman Britain
The emperor's knives
Thunder of the gods
The gladiator
Captivity
The Legion
The collection of antiquities from the cabinet of Sir William Hamilton = Collection des antiquites du cabinet de Sir William Hamilton = Die Antikensammlung aus dem Kabinett von Sir William Hamilton
