http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5444 electronic communication
electronic communication
Reverse link feedback power control in pilot symbol assisted systems
CLICK : THE BRIGHTEST IN COMPUTER-GENERATED DESIGN AND ILLUSTRATION. 1
Web services as an additional marketing tool for a recruitment company : a survey and the improvements from a job applicant's point of view in Finland
The Knot at the Cable : report no. 1.
Corporate politics and the Internet
eHealth of Finland : check point 2006
Understanding media : the extensions of man
Self-presentation in personal journal blogs and topic-oriented blogs
Signal correlations and diversity gain of two-beam microcell antenna
The coming cashless society
Digital Communications Plan: Seek Tapahtumasuunnittelu
Information technology law
Notions of nation : a critical discursive psychology perspective on the Isle of Man
Get to #1 on Google
The international encyclopedia of digital communication and society
From one medium to another : basic issues for communicating the scriptures in new media
Mobile messages : young people and a new communication culture
Telecommunications convergence : how to profit from the convergence of technologies, services and companies
Electronic media in Finland
The age of electronic messages
An introduction to digital communications
Free movement of information: the principle and its practical implications: especially with a view to current developments in EU infomation and communications law and policy
"The Media Welfare State: Nordic Media in the Digital Age is the first theoretically-driven book to comprehensively address the central dynamics of the digitalization of the media industry in the Nordic countries – Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland and Iceland – and the ways media organizations there are transforming to address the new digital environment. The authors address Nordic media-industry structure and content from the standpoint of scholarly perspectives on global, regional and local approaches to media development. Taking a comparative approach, they provide an overview of media institutions and policy throughout the region, focusing on the impact of Information and Communication Technology/Internet and digitalization on the Nordic media sector. As illustrations, the authors draw on a wide range of cases, including developments in media forms such as television, radio, the press and the public service media institution." - Publisher's description.
Publishing in the networked world: transforming the nature of communication : 14th International Conference on Electronic Publishing, 16-18 June 2010, Helsinki, Finland
Electronic data interchange : a total management guide
Adobe creative suite 6 design and Web premium digital classroom
Legal challenges of providing global online services
Word of mouth : a new introduction to language and communication
Pervasive displays : understanding the future of digital signage
Interaction of media, cognition, and learning : an exploration of how symbolic forms cultivate mental skills and affect knowledge acquisition
Who's spying on you? : the looming threat to your privacy, identity, and family in the digital age
Reduced complexity adaptive filtering algorithms with applications to communications systems
Dan Janal's guide to marketing on the Internet : getting people to visit, buy and become customers for life
Electronic communication systems : a complete course
Secure electronic communication between businesses : XML based transaction systems
A better tool for "Connecting People" : Microsoft Lync within Nokia
Beyond hype: information superhighway under construction
Integrated marketing communications plan for online newspaper : case : ess.fi of Mediatalo Esa
Outlining goes electronic
Electronic-mail handling instruction for State Government
Skype me : from single user to small enterprise and beyond
Building e-community
Electronic communications systems : fundamentals through advanced
Electronic media ethics
Abstract. - Summary in Danish.
Technical communication : situations and strategies
The Community's broadcasting policy : proposal for a Council directive concerning broadcasting activities
Looking at the nature of ideas through new lenses
The globalization of electronic news in the 19th century
Communication systems : an introduction to signals and noise in electrical communication
Analysis and measurements of information transmission over an adaptive delta modulated voice channel
Evaluation of the digital corporate communications at Airbus Group with the help of Key Performance Indicators and Analytics Tools
Digital direct marketing in the context of politics
Strategic brand management : building, measuring, and managing brand equity
English for telecoms and information technology
Leading business teams : how teams can use technology and group process tools to enhance performance
Multipath propagation characterization for terrestrial mobile and fixed microwave communications
Organizational information systems in the context of globalization : IFIP TC8 & TC9 / WG8.2 & WG9.4 Working Conference on Information Systems Perspectives and Challenges in the Context of Globalization, June 15-17, 2003, Athens, Greece
The objective of this research was to complete an auditing research on employee satisfaction of the Sisäpiha intranet as a channel of internal communication among the personnel of the Ministry of Education. The results of this research were to provide background information for intranet reform at the Ministry of Education that will take place in 2008. The goal of this reform is to make Sisäpiha intranet more user-friendly. Research on the entire internal communication situation of the Ministry of Education was conducted by Viestintä Oy Intercom in 2003. Satisfaction regarding Sisäpiha was one part of this research. The results of previous research on it were compared with the results of this research in order to see how the overall level of satisfaction regarding the intranet has evolved. The research problem was threefold, and consisted of the following questions: 1. How satisfied are employees with Sisäpiha as a channel of internal communication? 2. How could Sisäpiha be improved in order to serve its users better? 3. How has satisfaction regarding Sisäpiha changed since earlier research was carried out?    Both quantitative and qualitative research methods were used in the empirical part of this research. An electronic questionnaire was created, which contained both closed and open questions. The entire personnel of the Ministry of Education, 365 persons in February 2007, performed the research group. A total of 95 people answered the questionnaire, yielding a response rate of 26%. The answers to the closed questions were analyzed statistically and the answers to the open questions were analyzed by using the content analysis method.     According to the results Sisäpiha was widely used among personnel and it was considered as an important channel of internal communication. It was ranked as the fourth most important internal communication channel and the most important written internal communication channel. The respondents considered Sisäpiha primarily to be a tool and a means of information storage. However, 70% of the respondents thought that Sisäpiha could also be utilized for internal discussion. The downsides of the current Sisäpiha were its somewhat illogical information architecture and long link paths, which made information retrieval more difficult. Furthermore, the search engine did not provide accurate enough results and the pages often contained information that was out of date. When compared to the results of earlier research the usage of and satisfaction with Sisäpiha have both increased. However, the same shortcomings that emerged from previous research were still shown to exist to some degree in this research. These shortcomings still need to be overcome in order to make Sisäpiha more efficient.
The St. Martin's guide to writing
"Provides insight on business strategies and initiatives through a diverse collection of perspectives"--
Always on : language in an online and mobile world
Beyond the horizon : communications technologies: past, present and future
Understanding broadcast & cable finance : a primer for nonfinancial manager
Intercultural competence as a succes factor of virtual multicultural teams : a case study on the team effectiveness of global HR teams
Quality of service for triple play services in heterogeneous networks
Making sense digitally : conversational coherence in online and mixed-mode contexts
Study of low elevation angle scintillation modelling : executive summary
Electronic communication
World telecommunication development report 2002 : reinventing telecoms
Google Voice for dummies
Communication behaviors of exchange students as perceived by themselves and by their hosts : Japanese students in Finland
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2008
The telephone book : technology, schizophrenia, electric speech
The art of building trust via e-communication channels : post-acquisition integration as a special context
"As demand for data increases, Smart Data Pricing fills a market void in information on telecommunication economics. The book carefully addresses technical issues and workplace policies, system development and integration, research proposals, and business assessments. With both academic and industrial expertise from a variety of fields, Pricing is a practical and inclusive economics resource"--
Managerial communication in telework
Welcome to my homepage! : a lexical analysis of British and American personal homepages on the internet
Communication at work
Towards a democratic EU : online communication ia an organisational and civil context
Digital media, youth, and credibility
Test Automation and Continuous Integration
Journal of broadcasting & electronic media
Transnational data flows in the information age
Summary.
In the key of D-Major: Canadian and finnish adult educators` dialogue
Developing communication practices by computer and video-conferencing systems : a case study of a Finnish retail bank
The media welfare state : Nordic media in the digital era
Networks in action : business choices and telecommunications decisions
Perception-based pricing strategies for mobile services in customer marketing context
E-newsletters that work : the small business owner's guide to creating, writing, and managing an effective electronic newsletter
United Nations correspondence manual : a guide to the drafting, processing and dispatch of official United Nations communications
Electronic and mobile participation in city planning and management : experiences from IntelCities - an integrated project of the sixth framework programme of the European Union : cases Helsinki, Tampere, Garðabær/Reykjavik and Frankfurt
Broadcasting in the United States : innovative challenge and organizational control
Development of the internet in the Gambia : the case of Nokunda
Television traffic : a one-way street? : a survey and analysis of the international flow of television programme material
The leadership experience
Consumer online communication of corporate social responsibility in the sin industry context : cases in the global online gambling industry
Guide to telecommunications transmission systems
Foundations of communications policy : principles and process in the regulation of electronic media
Cognitive aspects of electronic text processing
Electronic mail and the information professional : a study of computer-mediated communication and its future in the information field
Digital cash : commerce on the Net
The formation of contract by Electronic Data Interchange : the Tedis programme
Website as an marketing tool : Case Eva Brownies, behind the mascara
Universal access to e-mail : feasibility and societal implications
NetWORKing : connecting workers in and between organizations : proceedings of the IFIP WG9.1 Working Conference on NetWORKing, Vienna, Austria, 16-18 June, 1993
Wan2tlk? : ltle bk of txt msgs
This work offers critical assessments of theoretical and applied research on digitally-mediated communication, a central area of study in the 21st century. Examines topics with unprecedented breadth and depth, with the aim of bringing together international and interdisciplinary perspectives. Organized in an accessible A-Z format with over 150 entries on key topics ranging from 2,000 to 10,000 words.
eCompetence for social work
The present thesis analyses which of the established ATs and KPIs could be used to evaluate the digital communication in the corporate intranet of Airbus Group. The exhaustive examination of the HUB intranet shows that there is already some basic data available. Nevertheless this data is not detailed enough and should be released more frequently to the communications experts. A quick poll survey in the intranet showed that for these experts it is essential to receive more details about the engagement of the visitors. Therefor a combination of Pageviews, Shares, Ratings, Comments and Time Spent Reading a News would give a sufficient overview about the usage of the content. Those figures could be supplemented with the Bounce Rate, Crawling Mistakes and Followers in order to gain a deeper understanding of the visiting employees. When coming to the selection of the tool it is reasonable to choose one which is well known by many of the communications experts like Google Analytics and Piwik. It is also recommended to give certain people in the team their own accounts, what gives them the possibility to create their own reports for specific topics.
Communication : motivation, knowledge, skills
Technology for teams : enhancing productivity in networked organizations
Teleconferencing : linking people together electronically
Main trends in mHealth use scenarios
Progress in communication sciences. Volume 15, Advances in telecommunications
Heuretics : the logic of invention
Social media for school leaders : a comprehensive guide to getting the most out of Facebook, Twitter, and other essential Web tools
Achieving the internal market for e-communications : report of a CEPS task force
Reflections on public service broadcasting ; The rise of the modern press in Danmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
Collective intelligence : mankind's emerging world in cyberspace
Functional communication quality
Now in its third edition, Communication: Motivation, Knowledge, Skills (previously Human Communication: Motivation, Knowledge, and Skills) is a textbook for the basic (hybrid) communication course at 2- and 4-year colleges and universities. Beginning with the premise that all forms of communication can be important, this text helps students develop a framework for choosing communication messages and behaviors that will allow them to communicate competently in any situation. Through a theoretically-based and skills-oriented approach, the text emphasizes the basic themes of motivation, knowledge, and skills across the contexts of interpersonal communication, small group communication, public speaking, and computer-mediated communication and mass communication. This book features the collaborative work of three recognized experts in the communication discipline, each of whom is a specialist in one of the three areas covered in the hybrid iteration of the basic communication course: Interpersonal communication, Brian H. Spitzberg; Small group communication, J. Kevin Barge; Public speaking, Sherwyn P. Morreale; offers an approach to the basic processes of human communication based on a communication competence model pioneered by Brian H. Spitzberg; and includes extensive coverage of mediated competence and mass communication. In addition to theoretically based but accessible content, all chapters have features designed to enhance teaching and learning.These include the story of a student experience that opens each chapter and is discussed and used to illustrate the chapter's content; tables and boxes related to important topics presented to intrigue student readers and lock in learning"; self-assessment tools students can use to evaluate their own motivation, knowledge, and skills related to real-world situations; and knowledge-building discussion questions and competence activities for home assignments or in-class groups at the conclusion of each chapter.
Electronic discourse : linguistic individuals in virtual space
EDI in Europe : how it works in practice
Satisfaction regarding the intranet as a channel of internal communication at the ministry of education
IMC, the next generation : five steps for delivering value and measuring returs using marketing communication
Telecommunication laws in Europe : law and regulation of electronic communications in Europe
Advances in polynomial predictive filtering : theory, design, and applications
Modern electronic communication
Positive (im)politeness : banter as a form of social cohesion in Internet relay chat
New media : a challenge to cultural policies : report on a research project undertaken by MEDIACULT
