http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5451 earthworks (art forms)
earthworks (art forms)
Nancy Holt : sightlines
Art of the cutting edge : a guide to contemporary movements / Lea Vergine
Robert Smithson : a retrospective view : 40th Venice Biennale 1982 United States pavilion / Robert Hobbs ; [The Herbert F. Johnson Museum of Art, Cornell University]
The murmur of silence = Hiljaisuuden kuhina
Art and survival : Patricia Johanson's environmental projects
Art and survival : creative solutions to environmental problems
Destination art / Amy Dempsey
Approaches to landscape : the Tate Gallery, [London], 18 December 1981-7 February 1982
Sculpting with the environment : a natural dialogue
David Nash
Uplifted spirits, earthbound machines : studies on artists and the dream of flight, 1900-1935
Mountains and waters / Richard Long
Wood
This earth
Designing the earth : the human impulse to shape nature
New art : an international survey / edited by Andreas Papadakis, Clare Farrow & Nicola Hodges
Landscape art
Ideal and disintegration : dynamics of the self and art at the fin-de-siècle
The Oxford history of western music
Taidetta moottoriteiden varsille? = Art along the motorways
Minimalism : art of circumstance / Kenneth Baker
Earthworks and beyond : contemporary art in landscape
Undermining : a wild ride through land use, politics, and art in the changing West
The art of Andy Goldsworthy
Teresa Moller : unveiling the landscape
Land arts of the American west
Sell in good company : social capital as a strategic tool in the fine art auction business
You are here
The art of Richard Long
Sandcastles : Great projects: from mermaids to monuments
A piece of the world : A Novel
Art & the garden : travels in the contemporary mindscape
Surface tension : problematics of site
Die letzte Freiheit = The last freedom : von den Pionieren der Land-Art der 1960er Jahre bis zur Natur im Cyberspace = from the pioneers of Land art in the 1960s to nature in cyberspace
Mountains and waters
Robert Smithson : a retrospective view = Robert Smithson : retrospektiivinen näyttely
Sand castles : Step-by-step
Richard Long
Sacred art of the earth : ancient and contemporary earthworks
Land art
Earthworks and beyond : contemporary art in the landscape / John Beardsley
Spiral Jetta : a road trip through the land art of the American West
Art in nature
Chris Drury : silent spaces
Andy Goldsworthy : touching nature
Camp fire : my artform is the short journey - made by walking in the landscape / Hamish Fulton ; [ed. by Jan Debbaut]
New Milestones : Sculpture, community and the land
Denatured visions : landscape and culture in the twentieth century / edited by Stuart Wrede and William Howard Adams
In the summer and fall of 2009 a group of New Mexico arts organizations joined together to present LAND/ART, a large-scale collaboration, which explored the relationship between land, art, and community through exhibitions, site-specificart works, lectures, and performances. Focusing on "environmental" or "Land" art, the collaboration addressed our changing relationship to nature, and to offer a new or previously unconsidered understanding of the places in which we live. This book is the culmination and documentation of this six-month, and features the work of over forty artists including Michael Berman, Erika Blumenfeld, David Taylor, Basia Irland, Patrick Dougherty, Catalina Delgado Trunk, and Shelley Niro.
Landscape : construction of a reality
Land art : a complete guide to landscape, environmental earthworks, nature, sculpture and installation art
Land art / Gilles A. Tiberghien
The unpainted landscape : Roger Ackling, Douglas Cocker, Thomas Joshua Cooper, Chris Drury, Ian Hamilton Finlay, Hamish Fulton, Andy Goldsworthy, Bernard Lassus, Richard Long, Raymond Moore, David Nash, Iain Patterson, Linda Taylor, David Tremlett, Herman / essays & texts by Simon Cutts... [et al.]
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
Richard Long : Spanish stones
The forger's spell : a true story of Vermeer, nazis, and the greatest art hoax of the twentieth century
Earthworks and beyond : contemporary art in the landscape
Krakamarken : land art as process
Earthworks : art and the landscape of the sixties / Suzaan Boettger
LAND/ART : New Mexico
Art & place : site-specific art of the Americas
Midsummer snowballs
Landschaft. Die Spur des Sublimen = Landscape. The trace of the sublime
Nils-Udo : art in nature
Dialog : Richard Long, Jivya Soma Mashe : [museum kunst palast, Düsseldorf, 13.9. - 23.11. 2003] / Kurator = curator: Hervé Perdriolle ; [Redaktion = editorial work: Barbara Til]
The unpainted landscape : Roger Ackling...[et al.]
Andy Goldsworthy
Richard Long : walking and marking
Kolme ympäristötaideteosta, Alankomaat = Three environmental art projects, the Netherlands
Emmet Gowin : Changing the Earth : aerial photographs
Alan Sonfist 1969-1989 / interview: Robert Rosenblum
Art in the land : a critical anthology of environmental art / ed. by Alan Sonfist
Land and environmental art
Double negative : Sculpture in the land
Natural : simple land art through the seasons
The last days of new Paris
Bioglyphs
Song of the earth : European artists and the landscape / Mel Gooding ; interviews by William Furlong
Designed Landscape Forum 1
Between landscape architecture and land art
The new earthwork : art action agency
Earth-mapping : artists reshaping landscape / Edward S. Casey
Exhibiting the new art : 'Op losse schroeven' and 'When attitudes become form' 1969 / Christian Rattemeyer ... [et al.]
A space for dreaming, a different reality
Robert Smithson : a retrospective view = Robert Smithson : retrospektiivinen näyttely : Sara Hildénin taidemuseo Tampere, Finland
Overlay : contemporary art and the art of prehistory
Nature the end of art : environmental landscapes
Touching north
Nuevas visiones de lo pintoresco : el paisaje como arte = New visions of the picturesque : landscape as art = Neue Visionen des Malerischen : Landschaft als Kunst / Javier Maderuelo
Stone : a global study of megalithic structures
Walking the line
Desert project : Elin Elisofon & Richard Kamler : San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, 2.2.-3.11-1979
The object of performance : the American avant-garde since 1970
Early Netherlandish paintings : rediscovery, reception and research
Jan Dibbets : Walker Art Center, Minneapolis, [1987] / essays by R.H. Fuchs, M.M.M. Vos ; with an intr. by Martin Friedman
Artists, land, nature
Space and illusion in the Japanese garden
Inferno
Minus one dimension : Zinneke reflections : a project by Maria Thereza Alves : Molenbeek, Brussels, April 29 - May 27, 1995
Despatches from the Little Spartan War / Patrick Eyres ; with illustrations by Ian Appleton...[et al.]
Robert Smithson : spiral jetty: true fictions false realities
All that is : a novel
Partisans in Yugoslavia : literature, film and visual culture
Diving in and stepping back : exploring the object in environmental art
eSense of connection
Smithson and Serra : beyond modernism
Site analysis interpreting the past in the present real art educational co-operation in virtual reality
Robert Smithson : retrospektiivinen näyttely = Robert Smithson : a retrospective view
City squares and plazas
Installation art in close-up
Richard Long : Walking in circles : Hayward Gallery, South Bank Centre, London, 14 June - 11 August 1991 / [exhibition and publication organized by Susan Fergeler Brades]
Land art in the U.S.A
Robert Smithson : retrospective, works 1955-1973
The visual arts from 1960 to the 1990s (Independent Finland) / Bengt von Bonsdorff
Land and environmental art / edited by Jeffrey Kastner ; survey by Brian Wallis
Richard Nonas : sculpture - parts to anything : Nassau County Museum of Fine Art, Roslyn Harbor (NY), 17 March - 12 May 1985 / essays by Donald Kuspit and Phyllis Rosenzweig
Robert Smithson : a retrospective view = retrospektiivinen näyttely : Sara Hildenin taidemuseo Tampere, Finland, [13.3. - 1.5.1983] / Robert Hobbs ; [suomalainen käännös: Virve Kajaste]
Chris Booth sculpture
Earthwards : Robert Smithson and Art after Babel
Václav Cigler : realizace - projekty - kresby : Národni galerie v Praze, Sbírka ceského socharství 19. a 20. století Zámek Zbraslav, Galerie na dvorci, 6. kvetna - 24. cervna [1993] = Václav Cigler : realization - projects - drawings : National Gallery in
Richard Long : Tate Gallery, London, 3 October, 1990 - 6 January, 1991 : Tate Gallery, Liverpool, 23 January - 3 March, 1991
Richard Long : a line made by walking
A Surrealist bomb transfigures war-torn Paris into a phantasmagoric dreamscape, unleashing a race of nightmarish creatures.
Michael Heizer June 15 - July 29, 1979 at Essen, West Germany and August 18 - October 7, 1979 at Otterlo, Nederland / [ed. by: Zdenek Felix]
Taide vaelluksella = Art the move
Designing the new landscape
