http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5459 pine sawflies
pine sawflies
Ants overcome Diprionid-sawflies' defences: possibilities for biological control
Patterns in the ecology of herbivorous insects in northern areas explained by regional or local climate
Effects of drought stress of Scots pine, Pinus sylvestris, on the development and fecundity of the European pine sawfly, Neodiprion sertifer (Hymenoptera, diprionidae)
Defoliation by the common pine sawfly (Diprion pini) and subsequent growth reduction in Scots pine : a retrospective approach
Growth responses and mortality of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) after a pine sawfly outbreak
Climate change and the risks of Neodiprion sertifer outbreaks on Scots pine
Interactions between a pine sawfly, its host and natural enemies as mediated by plant chemicals
Impact of sawfly defoliation on growth of Scots pine Pinus sylvestris (Pinaceae) and associated economic losses
Impacts of natural enemies and stand characteristics on cocoon mortality of the pine sawfly Diprion pini in a Fennoscandian boreal forest
Interactions among the European pine sawfly, its host and natural enemies : consequences of environmental changes
Effects of herbivory and climate change factors on BVOC emissions from boreal conifers
Effect of soil, topography, and ground vegetation on the defoliation by the common pine sawfly (Diprion pini L.)
Performance of pine sawflies under elevated tropospheric ozone
Climate change and the risks of forest insect outbreaks
Field experiments on the effects of pollution at Kevo Subarctic Research Station
Small mammal predation and the population dynamics of Neodiprion sertifer
Deterrent in Scots Pine, Pinus sylvestris, influencing feeding behaviour of the larvae of Neodiprion sertifer (Hymenoptera, Diprionidae)
The arthropod community of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) canopies in Norway
We investigated the impact of natural enemies on the cocoon mortality of the common pine sawfly (Diprion pini L.) during a six-year period in eastern Finland. The enemies were classified into parasitoids (insect families Chalcidoidea, Ichneumonidae, and Tachinidae), and predators (birds, small mammals, and insect families Elateridae and Carabidae). The appearance of D. pini was estimated as the intensity of annual defoliation. The impact of stand characteristics on the performance of parasitoids and predators was also investigated. Influence of the natural enemy complex on cocoon mortality of D. pini was nearly stable, but defoliation intensity slowly declined towards the end of the study period. Annual cocoon mortality by natural enemies varied between 66% and 80%. Our results verified that the most significant mortality factors were ichneumonid parasitoids and small mammals. Random Forest classification indicated that stand characteristics, such as basal area, and coverage of lichen (Lichenes) and lingonberry (Vaccinium vitis-idaea L.) affected the performance of parasites and predators. We suggest that a combination of optimal stand characteristics, abiotic environmental factors and mild to moderate control by natural enemies acted as drivers, which drove the pine sawfly population to extended gradation. For future forest health management, detailed information on abiotic and biotic regulating factors, along with long-term monitoring campaigns for conifer sawflies are needed to adapt Fennoscandian forests to altered climatic and silvicultural conditions..
Effects of natural and artificial defoliations on sawfly performance and foliar chemistry of Scots pine saplings
The performance of diprionid sawflies in relation to tree origin, defoliation and foliar chemistry
