http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5450 installation art
installation art
Frances Hegarty : selected works 1970-2004
Ai Weiwei : According to what?
Janet Laurence : Glasshouse
Self-made worlds : visionary folk art environments
Korean contemporary art
Joseph Kosuth : eine grammatische bemerkung = a grammatical remark
Jørgen Michaelsen : MESO : songs of mutual resistance & fortification : [Nikolaj, Københavns Kommunens Udstillingsbygning, 12. januar - 24. februar 2002] / [redaktion = editors Søren Houmann, Jørgen Michaelsen]
Ilya Kabakov : the man who never threw anything away
Making dying illegal : architecture against death : original to the 21st century
Erratic : Visual Impact in Current Design
Site-Specific Art : Performance, Place and Documentation
Chan Te Won : Mazumaro
Blimey! : from bohemia to britpop : the London artworld from Francis Bacon to Damien Hirst
Songs of mutual resistance & fortification : [published in connection with the exhibition MESO : Songs of mutual resistance & fortification, Nikolaj Copenhagen Contemporary Art Center, 020112 - 020224] / Jørgen Michaelsen
Annu Vertanen : installation works 2000-2002
Profile [6] : Alice Maher
Installation Art
Antonio Manuel / edited by Michael Asbury and Garo Keheyan
The art of light + space
Dorothy Cross : powerhouse
Valohoitoa : Light therapy
Radar : kansainvälinen taidenäyttely Kotkassa 28.6.-2.9.1990 = international art exhibition in the City of Kotka, Finland, 28.6.-2.9.1990 = internationale Kunstausstellung in der Stadt Kotka, Finnland, 28.6.-2.9.1990
The Unpainted Landscape
Wimmin x 1 + 2 = birthrite, liferite, deathrite + rebirthrite : 4 installations
Imagining some space
The Snow Show : Rovaniemi / Kemi 12.2. - 31.3.2004
Aesthetics of installation art
Dan Friedman : radical modernism
Kamol Phaosavasdi : the united water : the Art Gallery of the Japan Cultural Center, Bangkok, March 8-31, 1997
Anselm Kiefer : merkaba : [Hangar Bicocca, Milano, permanent installation inaugurated September 24, 2006] / [redazione = editing Sergio Di Stefano, Charles Gute]
Tadashi Kawamata : work in progress in Zug, 1996-1999 : Projekt Sammlung = project collection
Space, site, intervention : situating installation art / editor: Erika Suderburg
Installation art : with 269 illustrations, 167 in colour
Tracey Emin
Rekonstruoitu tila = Reconstructed space / Marketta Seppälä
Intersecting travelogues : wandering through practices and archaeologies of space, place and image
Operation r.o.s.a
Voids : a retrospective
The Snow Show : Rovaniemi-Kemi
Here today, gone tomorrow
Installation art
Nipan Oranniwesna : birthplace : Bangkok University Art Gallery, 3 May - 7 June 1997
[Hugsanirajatuksiatanker] : [thoughts]
Experience of being a stranger : Visual project Ä & ы : dialogues
Abracadabra : international contemporary art
Sculptor 85 : rakennetun ympäristön veistotaide = skulpturkonst i bebyggd miljö = sculpture of the built environment
Mirror's edge
Ideas for projects
Katie Holten and others : drawings, instances, collaborations + texts
Transactions : Dennis Adams
Mapping applied visual art: a research journey in the streams of art and design
Robert Longo
Public art
Christo
Christo and Jeanne-Claude - prints & projects
Walking in circles
Over the edges : S.M.A.K., Stedelijk Museum voor Actuele Kunst Gent, 1.4. - 30.6.2000 / Stedelijk Museum voor Actuele Kunst ; redactie = editor = rédaction: Luc Derycke, Dirk Verbiest ; curatoren = curators = curators: Jan Hoet, Giancinto Di Pietrantonio
Mike Nelson : between a formula and a code
Vivan Sundaram : the sher-gil archive : an installation : Mücsarnok's Dorottya Gallery, Budapest, September 14 to October 4, 1995 : Hungarian Information and Cultural Centre, New Delhi, February 4 to March 2, 1996 : Gallery Chemould, Bombay, March 14 to A
Valley curtain
Sarah Lucas : [supercontemporary] / text by Michele Robecchi
Conor McFeely : Disclaimer
As Eve said to the serpent : on landscape, gender, and art
A piece of the world : A Novel
Barry Le Va, Kirsten Ortwed, Lawrence Weiner
Summary.
Artists, land, nature
Christo : the running fence
What is art ? : conversations with Joseph Beuys
Space and illusion in the Japanese garden
Kadut = Gator = Streets : pohjoismaista nykytaidetta = nordisk nutidskonst = contemporary Scadinavian art : Jan Bäcklund, Bente Geving, Charlotte Gyllenhammar, Jorunn Irene Hanstvedt, Lise Kjaer, Mikael Lindgren, Lars Mikkelsen, Hege Nyborg, Finnbogi Pétursson, Ann-Sofi Sidén, Thorvaldur Thorsteinsson : Helsingin taidehalli = Helsingfors konsthall = Kunsthalle Helsinki, 7.10.-5.11.1995
Art of the 20th century
Land and environmental art
Oops! Sorry, later just Oops! was a group practice of micro-events and animation for 4 persons that took place in 2009 in the public spaces of Helsinki. It was also staged as a performance production and presented at the Theatre Academy in November 2010. The entire process was circling around a situation of lapsus (a lapse, slip, faux pas). We used lapsus to experiment with cooperation, which is not based on sympathy or consensus. I chose lapsus for its sensual-emotional complexity and immediacy, to be an occasion for alternatives in self-organizing and collective co-emergence. I chose to do research, not through affirmation of any exact alternative or potentiality of alternative, but by inhabiting a state of disruption. I asked people who share my affection for moments of lapse or ones to whom those moments happen frequently to join the project. We were working through combining mechanical and organic processes of dialogue, exchange and production. Methods and tools used in this practice were: lapse, parody, mockery, inconsistency, reanimation and personal resistance.  The main reason to initiate this research was to try out a process that would embrace a condition of fuzzy, fractalized and flexible precarious work structure in cognitive production with its possible collapses. As an event producer in an age of commodification of time, experience and event I decided to play with this structure and to invite a lapsus as a moment of disruption; to see how do we get out from there. Does a collapse produce stiffening or a reinvention of the norm? I see in a lapse an everyday practice of letting go of self-control. Letting go of the constant creation of my face, body and personality as something to be looked at. Letting go of one's own desire to look good. The event of a lapse never fails me. It always works. It always disrupts the consistency of emotions, production, play, drama and interpretation. I believe in tools that are not pretty. A lapse is anti-aesthetical. It disrupts aesthetics, any order and any structure of representation and meaning.  In the written part of my thesis I write about the conceptual base for the Oops! project. The concept of Oops! relates mainly to Giorgio Agamben's idea of parody and it's coexistence with fiction, Paolo Virno's concept of joke as a diagram for innovatory action in public, Félix Guattari's minor notions of lapse in Chaosmosis, and Richard's Schechner's idea of dislocation (not-not-me) relating again with Agamben's concept of remnant. Through this theoretical background I try to make sense and formulate my idea of lapse as a fallacy, micro collapse and minor event of the every day, a momentary state of dealing with the possibility of becoming both, a joke or a failure.  After that I depict what we intended to do with Oops! the plan I wrote before we started to work and during the practice. This part contains a description of the background for the work and the research, how did the group come together and how did it sustain itself for the period of the work. I also describe my main method of working, the method of reanimation and how I have created this sort of prosthesis to deal with the documentary results of live action and with the live action producing documentary results.  Following that I talk about what actually happened in the process of Oops! I concentrate on the most interesting points. I describe the end result, the performance, and point out what was interesting in what we did and what I have found out conceptually and practically. I refer to Franco “Bifo” Berardi's writings on automatism, virtual time and the social consequences of increasingly immaterial labor, and describe surprises, reflections, touching moments and some tools or techniques developed and ready to be carried on.  At the end I draw some conclusions and present a short plan for my next attempt to work with lapse; as an appendix I am attaching the script for Oops!, a collection of concepts, scores and structures we followed on the way.  Throughout the entire text I relate to other artistic projects beside our Oops! project. In the case of the question of parody I refer to the piece by Jeremy Deller, Battle of Orgreave and the documentary of this work by Mike Figgis, both from 2001, also to a work by Yael Bartana from 2011, And Europe will be Stunned and to the film Attenberg from 2010, by Athina Rachel Tsangari. When talking about the method of reanimation and lapse I refer to Martin Arnold's Passage à l'acte from 1993, Jeremy Deller's piece again, my own previous works and Joan Jonas' pieces, Vertical Roll, 1972 and Reanimation, 2012.
New drawings
Works
Näköaloja = Points of view
Mapping applied visual art : a research journey in the streams of art and design
Sissel Tolaas : Transitionen  /  [edited by = herausgegeben von Bojana Pejic]
Urban recreation
Land art : a complete guide to landscape, environmental earthworks, nature, sculpture and installation art
Overlay : contemporary art and the art of prehistory
Lumo '95 : muisti - ajatus - toive : 3. kansainvälinen valokuvataiteen triennaali = memory - thought - hope : 3rd international triennal of photography
Call to composers, musicians and multimedia artists to participate in a survey establishing user requirements on local positioning systems for spatially interactive applications
Chris Booth sculpture
The art of clean up : life made neat and tidy
Ilya Kabakov : life and creativity of Charles Rosenthal 1898-1933 : Contemporary Art Center, Art Tower Mito, [August 7 - November 3, 1999] / [catalogue editor: Eriko Osaka ; editorial coordinator: Tsukasa Mori]
Exclusive animals in the gym
Walking the line
Dan Flavin : new light / edited by Jeffrey Weiss ; essays by Briony Fer...[et al.]
The only certainty is uncertainty / Marja Sakari haastattelee Maaria Wirkkalaa
Jannis Kounellis : 25. únor - 16. květen 1993 Belvedér, Pražský hrad : February 25 to May 16, 1993 Belvedere, Prague Castle
Sarah Sze : grow or die / a three-part installation commissioned by the Walker Art Center for the Cowles Conservatory, Minneapolis Sculpture Garden
SuperStructure : Cardiff, 4.9.1999 - 7.11.1999 / Centre for Visual Arts
Blurring the boundaries : installation art 1969-1996
Martin Puryear
Ilya Kabakov : life and creativity of Charles Rosenthal 1898-1933 : Contemporary Art Center, Art Tower Mito, [August 7 - November 3, 1999] / [catalogue editor: Eriko Osaka ; editorial coordinator: Tsukasa Mori ; catalogue production: Keiko Mineishi]
You are here
Strata : 28.3-2.8.1992 : Tampereen taidemuseo = Tampere Art Museum : Nykytaiteen museo = Museet för nutidskonst : The Museum of Contemporary Art, Helsinki
Some texts and a performance story. All motivated by the author's interest in space, in this that surrounds, and that interest, in turn, originating from the author's earlier studies in cultural anthropology, in observing and experiencing the surrounding animate and inanimate world. The texts in this thesis are alternating between academic and creative writing. They are texts written on a specific site on Suomenlinna island in Helsinki,  Finland, as part of the performance ”Beyond the Wind in Front of Me / A Space Ship Journey” story or prologues to that, and the more academic ones supporting them or growing out of them, being accompanied also by the thoughts and practices of others. The main research questions and themes being How to perceive this that surrounds me? What is space, what does it consist of? Is it something that simply surrounds me? Am I a part of it or is it a part of me? How can a space be researched? How to activate a space?  What kind of mental images do spaces/places create/uncover/open up in us? How to animate/make alive those images? Body giving meaning to space via actions created by the body. Physical environment contra emotional,  imaginary, visionary one. Presence in a space/place. Physical and mental presence. Presence in memories.
J. O. Mallander : Sara Hildenin taidemuseo : Tampere, Suomi, Finland, 30.11.1986-8.2.1987 = Sara Hildén Art Museum
Art & place : site-specific art of the Americas
From margin to center : the spaces of installation art
Christo prints and objects 1963-1987 : a catalogue raisonné
La place des drapeaux = Lippujen aukio = Site of the flags
Charles Sandison : the reading room = irakurgela = sala de lectura
Analysis of movement in sequential space : perceiving the traditional Japanese tea and stroll garden
"Oops!" in public space : lapse as tool for social and political organization
Susan Norrie : notes from underground : [Museum of Contemporary Art, Sydney, 22 July to 12 October 2003] / [catalogue publication and management: Rachel Kent]
What about cultural policy? : interdisciplinary perspectives on culture and politics
Päivikki Kallio : Pimeyden tilat = States of darkness = Die Räume der Dunkelheit / [Kaija Kaitavuori]
Robert Smithson : retrospective, works 1955-1973
Insound/instructure
Richard Venlet : paramount basics : 25 Bienal de São Paulo, 23.3. - 2.6. 2002 : MUHKA Museum van Hedendaagse Kunst Antwerpen, 21.9. - 24.11. 2002 / curated by Moritz Küng ; authors: Bart de Baere, Moritz Küng, Dirk Snauwaert
Laura Ford / [texts: David Lomas, Rachel Withers]
Place, community and art: relationships
Luca Buvoli : Flying : practical training for intermediates : (notes 1997-2002) / with an essay by Stuart Horodner
Robert Smithson : retrospektiivinen näyttely = Robert Smithson : a retrospective view
Feelings are always local
Imagine : instructions, rooms, documents / Frans Jacobi ; authors: Frans Jacobi, Peter Herbstreuth, Simon Sheikh
Elizabeth Wright : The Showroom, 5th June to 7th July, 1996
Everest : 24.01.04-21.03.04 about studio/ about cafe
Urban chic
Take me to your leader! : the great escape into space
Stone : a global study of megalithic structures
