http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5461 ubiquitous computing
ubiquitous computing
Development and evaluation of the location-aware platform : main characteristics in adaptable location-aware systems
Design for embedded image processing on FPGAs
SOFTWARE ARCHITECTURE FOR LOW TIER EMBEDDED PRODUCT PLATFORM
Pervasive service computing : community coordinated multimedia, context awareness, and service composition
Applied cryptography in embedded systems
An embedded object approach to embedded system development
Software design for a Smart Lock System for Home Automation
Emulated hardware platform in operation and maintenance of 3G mobile media gateways
EFCOTool : a tool to efficiently combine and reuse components in embedded system design
Portable elliptic curve cryptography for medium-sized embedded systems
μC/OS2 Context Switch Visualizer
Analog interfacing to embedded microprocessors : real world design
Customizable embedded processors : design, technologies, and applications
Self-management in distributed systems : smart adaptive framework for pervasive computing environments
Software architecture for low tier embedded product platform
Implementing smart card applications using JavaCard technology
Utilization of neural network and agent technology combination for distributed intelligent applications and services
Building of an embedded Linux system for a PowerPC-based platform
Architectural robotics : ecosystems of bits, bytes, and biology
On the development of UML-based methods for embedded system design
Embedded computing : a VLIW approach to architecture, compilers and tools
Processor description languages : applications and methodologies
Suitability of RFID based access control system in factory environment
Greedy Snake Video Game Based on Nios II System
Industrial needs and technologies of embedded software
Embedded systems : Real-time interfacing to Arm® Cortex (TM)-M microcontollers. Vol. 2
Distributed embedded control systems : improving dependability with coherent design
Windows NT Embedded : step-by-step
Simulation engineering
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Designing embedded processors : a low power perspective
Context aware hand-held devices
Embedded microprocessor systems : real world design
Implementing Debian Linux and common services to Caswell CAM-0100 router
Effort estimation in DSP software projects
Exploring the use of rule-based reasoning in ubiquitous computing applications
The teaching principles of the embedded systems
Conceptual framework for analyzing business models in embedded software industry
Porting decompression libraries on embedded systems
Wireless vital signs monitoring system for ubiquitous healthcare with practical tests and reliability analysis
It is fair to say that Agile development is today's major trend. It is used more or less in every company if the company is involved in mobile software industry. Agile development is also widely used in other embedded software development. It is recognized to be a very effective and efficient way of development. However, there are many issues which are needed to be considered and taken into account when transferring to this process model. Especially the transferring period can be very difficult and have a long lasting effect to a company. The aim of this Master's thesis was to study more deeply this subject and find a different way to conquer the challenges what comes to this subject. There are so many positive experiences from this, but normally some of the negative sides have been left out. I have experienced a transfer in my own career and I saw really close what kind of things are usually left out and not told. The second aim of this thesis was to investigate how well Agile methods suit in embedded software development. Agile works well what comes just to software projects, but when talking about embedded development, the process is not always so easy. Embedded devices vary for example from small music players to big and complex medical devices. This thesis will concentrate only on small portable devices, since my experience comes from that field. I used mainly my own experiences and situations I have met to find a suitable process. In theory parts I used different publications from the Internet and books to back up my knowledge. I managed to present basic practices and processes from different methodologies that I discovered as good in embedded development. Next steps would be to test these different processes in practice. Since there are many different kinds of embedded systems out there, every modified process has to be first tested in a real life before it can be decided whether can it be taken in to use or not.
Revenue models in embedded software business
Suitability of RFID Based Access Control System in Factory Environment
MCT2 application development
Operating systems : internals and design principles
Cryptographic hardware and embedded systems - CHES 2002 : 4th International Workshop, Redwood Shores, CA, USA, August 13-15, 2002 : revised papers
Advances in design and specification languages for embedded systems : selected contributions from FDL'06
Digital processing of environmental noise samples
The aim of this Bachelor thesis was to prove the concept and the main solution for the electronic equipment 'wheel of fortune ' by applying an embedded system, an electric circuit design and a micro controller technology. The work was commissioned by firm Huvireppu Ay and started in January 2014. To achieve this aim it needed fully to understand how to build the basic electric circuit inside the equipment. The key feature of the project was to design a clockwise rotating wheel which was used in the project 'wheel of fortune ' as the most important part of this designing scheme. The design was implemented by using the embedded system technology. Using a microchip connected to the electric circuit controlling the running speed of the ‘wheel,’ and also can randomly stop the 'wheel' while doing the clockwise rotate. In the project work, two schemes were being used, and they have different principles and use different component, but they all achieve the same goal: The wheel does a clockwise rotate and randomly stops. Option one will use LEDs for the running of the wheel and using the 555 timer IC as a time delay chip, randomly slowing and lighting a group of LED lights that are used as the pointer of the wheel. Option two is using the mechanical solution; connecting the device to a stepper motor and using it as the pointer of the wheel and using the timer delay chip randomly stopping it as the pointer stop during the game time. Although the solution of this project was made, and the basic electric circuit diagram is complete, this practical design still carries a significant potential for future upgrading .It is still useful to those programmer adjusting and re coding the inner program of the microchip and applying to other similar electric device. To this 'wheel of fortune' electric equipment, more components can be added to perfect the additional function of the device.
Computers as components : principles of embedded computing system design
Principles of  defining embedded software integration test cases for a 3G radio network base station
Real-time systems' quality of service : introducing quality of service considerations in the life-cycle of real-time systems
Towards engaging multipurpose public displays : design space and case studies
Local binary patterns in focal-plane processing : analysis and applications
Embedded bluetooth development using bluewave serial solution
Designing connected products : UX for the consumer internet of things
Protocol Implementation Using TI’s SimpliciTI Platform
Hierarchical agent-based adaptation for self-aware embedded computing systems
Reusable, semantic, and context-aware micro-architecture : approach to managing interoperability and dynamics in smart spaces
Computer supported and controlled learning with the aid of internet technologies
Embedded systems design using the Rabbit 3000 microprocessor : interfacing, networking, and application development
Embedded systems : introduction to Arm® Cortex(TM)-M microcontrollers. vol. 1
Architecture of IoT Node and platform
Research of fast embedded modems
Hardware Design for a Smart Lock System for Home Automation
An enhanced NoC-based embedded heterogeneous manycore platform
Empowering mobile art practice : a recontextualization of mobile and ubiquitous computing
Abstract: The purpose of the project was to implement an embedded system networking and vehicle information display. This was realized by the use of the Controller Area Network (CAN) as the protocol and the front end software Centrafuse for the display. There are many hardware implementation of CAN, the implementation used for the design was the Microchip PIC32MX795F512L microcontroller which has the CAN controller module integrated on it. The transceiver was the Microchip MCP25515 and the dongle was the CAN232 from Lawicel. My task in the project which was the display of vehicle information has been completed and tested using a simulation program. The result was the display of information identical to the stimuli. The other part, the implementation of embedded system networking is still in progress. When the entire project is completed, the design can be modified to be used in other application areas such as elevators and heaters.
Semantic and fuzzy modelling for human behaviour recognition in smart spaces : a case study on ambient assisted living
Case studies in human information behaviour in smart urban spaces
Mouse Interfacing with USB and PS/2
Development and evaluation of the location-aware platform:main characteristics in adaptable location-aware systems
Modeling embedded systems and SoCs : concurrency and time in models of computation
The Design of intelligent path-search robot
Ubiquitous healthcare system based on a wireless sensor network
Early-phase performance evaluation of computer systems using workload models and SystemC
Creating art with mobile phones in public spaces is an emerging form of artistic expression. This dissertation investigates the design of mobile art applications for creating and sharing interactive art experiences in public spaces. It explores new ways of deploying mobile and ubiquitous computing for art making that fosters creativity and community. This is done by developing a series of novel prototype applications, with a focus on multimodal interfaces, that are put into use in authentic environments for validation by real people. The results of this research inform future design of new forms of artistic and social activity that may eventually become everyday actions of creative expression and exploration.
Design and implementation of an omni-directional mobile robot
Smart futures meet northern realities: anthropological perspectives on the design and adoption of urban computing
Customized agile development process for embedded software development
Applying of Embedded System : Wheel of Fortune Project
A unified run-time updating and task migration mechanism
Wi-Fi supported networked computer-on-module for IoT
SMS station for embedded system
Embedded systems design : the ARTIST roadmap for research and development
A model-based development and verification framework for distributed system-on-chip architecture
Agile development and testing in embedded systems
Ambient intelligence, wireless networking, and ubiquitous computing
Controlling a robot using Android interface and voice
Integration of a formal design method into the SystemC modelling environment
Hardware/software co-design for multicore architectures
Embedded systems architecture : a comprehensive guide for engineers and programmers
Automated and interactive composition of ubiquitous applications
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
The potential value of ubiquitous services to consumers? practices in urban environment
Efficient triangle reordering for improved vertex cache utilisation in realtime rendering
Supporting collaborative development : cognitive challenges and solutions of developing embedded systems
Model transformations : EAST-ADL to AUTOSAR
Nowadays embedded software is adapted into many areas. Recently, the industry has recorded a phenomenal growth exceeding the software product industry by employing a large number of software developers. However, given the global competition and international pressures the industry faces, companies are meeting constant challenges forcing them to look for innovative ways to improve revenues. The objective of this thesis is to demonstrate how the revenues can be improved and maximized in embed-ded software business. For the embedded software industry, there are not many studies that discuss appropri-ate revenue models. One intention is to determine the current existing revenue models in other industries. In doing so, the research seeks to identify workable revenue models that can be applied for embedded software business. Revenue innovation requires an understanding of the potential revenue sources, the profitability of each revenue stream. It is also necessary to know what value to offer, how to price the value, and who compensates for the value. In this range, the revenue model is a framework of the revenue generation. The theoretical framework of this study was based on the examination of the concept of the revenue model and its inter-connection to other related concepts such as strategy and business models. The study was exploratory focusing on a literature review. The analytical approach was qualitative and the study data was concentrated on earlier studies. As a result, the research found a considerable range of revenue models that could be applied depending on the software application. At least five revenue streams in princi-pal the embedded software companies can consider as sources of revenue. These reve-nue streams are, direct product sale, version upgrade, software maintenance, compo-nentization and value integration..
Embedded kit for embedded software simulation and troubleshooting
UbiSoft - pervasive software
Embedded multiprocessors : scheduling and synchronization
Methods and technologies for experimenting with ubiquitous computing
Implementation of an embedded system and vehicle information display
OUAS UBI CAMPUS
A system-level simulation model for a protocol processor
RFID-Based wireless sensor data collection unit
Co-verification of hardware and software in embedded systems
Development of a heterogeneous code generation system
Ubicom applications and technologies
Smartphones in vocational tourism education : truly useful or just another reason to find new excuses
uClinux as an embedded solution
Security in embedded devices
Protocol Framework Design for CC2510 Based Data-Gathering Sensor Network
Software for  an oscillometric blood pressure measuring module
Dynamic context monitoring for adaptive and context-aware applications
The backup support for NTU parameter settings
Building the Internet of Things (IoT) with IPv6 and MIPv6 : The Evolving World of M2M Communications
Embedded systems design with 8051 microcontrollers : hardware and software
Applying of the embedded system : Wheel of Fortune project
Firmware design of Botnia robocup team
The computer engineering handbook
Ambient intelligence : impact on embedded system design
