http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5468 clergymen
clergymen priests pastors
Heaven is for real : a little boy's astounding story of his trip to heaven and back
Silenced
The habitation of the blessed : a dirge for Prester John volume one
Widowed priest : a crisis in ministry
The autobiography of a flea
Love for the lost
Through the evil days
The renewal of the priesthood : modernity and traditionalism in a South Indian temple
Casting the net
Jacob Fellman - the botanising priest
Wicked autumn : a Max Tudor novel
The black tower
Dead man's prayer : a gripping detective thriller with a killer twist
Prester John : the Mongols and the ten lost tribes
Sidney chambers and the shadow of death
Go tell it on the mountain
Straining at the oars : case studies in pastoral leadership
Servant of the Underworld
Death in holy orders
Handmaidens of the Lord : Pentecostal women preachers and traditional religion
Prophetic oracles in the books of Isaiah and Ezekiel evidence tensions about the Jerusalem temple and its priesthood in Persian Yehud. MacDonald's Priestly Rule challenges the scholarly consensus about how these texts relate to each other. He demonstrates how important written prophetic oracles were in the early Jewish community and disputes the dominance of a Zadokite priestly family in the Second Temple period.
Heaven is beautiful : how dying taught me that death is just the beginning
Vital ministry issues : examining concerns and conflicts in ministry
No other life
The quarry
The naked name of love
Carpe Jugulum : a Discworld novel
Negotiating clerical identities : priests, monks and masculinity in the Middle Ages
The latest book in Stuart's Clark's series dramatising the history of astronomy. Based on the true story of Albert Einstein and George Lemaitre, the two men who forged our modern understanding of the cosmos / WorldCat.
Abstract: Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland.
A lesson in love : a little village school novel
The gospel of Judas : a novel
A common complaint of recent seminary graduates is their lack of preparation in practical theology, especially in the tasks of leadership. New pastors encounter a host of challenges that can seem overwhelming.Biblically oriented, wise, and reassuring, Dana Fearon presents twenty-one difficult situations that young ministers are likely to face on the job, including prayer in the hospital room, a request to baptize a dead infant, handling conflict and criticism, entering dangerous areas to reconcile hostile groups, and others. As part of his discussion, Fearon presents and reviews his own response to such situations, using his theological education and long experience in church ministry to instruct others.
Heart and soul
This collection of 24 essays, written by a group of international scholars who specialise in the religious, political and social history of ancient Rome, explores the relationship between priests and State in the Roman world. Attention is devoted to a number of interconnected problems: the nature and scope of priesthoods in the Roman world, the rules governing access to them, the role that priests played in the various levels of government, from the imperial court to the cities on the fringes of the empire, the different development of priesthoods across the empire, and more generally the relationship between religion and power. The outcome is a diverse and comprehensive collection that seeks to do justice to the complexity of the interaction between priests and State by presenting the reader with a wide set of problems and sources, ranging from early Rome to the late Empire.
The time's legacy
Troyes
Priests and state in the Roman world
A fatal winter : a Max Tudor novel
In society circles she's known as the Watching Wallflower - shy, quiet, and certainly never scandalous. Yet beneath Lady Sarah Frampton's demure facade hides the mind of The Lady of Dubious Quality, author of the most titillating erotic fiction the ton has ever seen. Sarah knows discovery would lead to her ruin, but marriage - to a vicar, no less - could help protect her from slander. An especially tempting option when the clergyman in question is the handsome, intriguing Jeremy Cleland. Tasked with unmasking London's most scandalous author by his powerful family, Jeremy has no idea that his beautiful, innocent bride is the very woman he seeks to destroy.
Holy women, wholly women : sharing ministries of wholeness through life stories and reciprocal ethnography
Noah's Child
Women priests : the first years
Fe y esperanza : women's road to leadership and ministry in the Lutheran Church of El Salvador 1952-2009
Pioneer pastors' wives chose the role of service : a noble but often difficult calling
His tranquility as the established vicar of a New Age village shattered by the murder of an unpopular woman, former MI5 agent Max Tudor struggles with past demons while trying to identify a killer in his peaceful community.
The bishop's man  : a novel
Druids : a very short introduction
Temples and temple-service in ancient Israel : an inquiry into the character of cult phenomena and the historical setting of priestly school
Priesthood : a comparative study
Noah's child
Education for reflective ministry
Consorts of heaven
Heat rises
Leaves from the notebook of a tamed cynic
The sign
The rector's wife
No greater love
The girl of his dreams
Priests and cults in the Book of the Twelve
Trinity blood : Rage against the moons. volume III : Know faith
The folded world : a dirge for Prester John volume two
Revelations
The mechanical
The Catholic priesthood and the English Reformation
The Continuation War as a metanoic moment : a Burkean reading of lutheran hierocratic rhetoric
The green house : a novel
Summer of love
Temptations of a wallflower
Prayer for the devil
The nature and function of priesthood : a comparative and anthropological study
Education for ministry in the Church of Sweden
Some arval brethren
8 Sandpiper Way
The confession
The secrets of pain
Death of a Russian priest : an Inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
A perfectly good man
Sidney Chambers and the forgiveness of sins
I have a dream
The death of faith
Assessing initiation training and mentoring of priests in the congregation of Riihimäki
Profession: minister
Wolves within the fold : religious leadership and abuses of power
A month of Sundays
When the minister is a woman
The haunted season
Sworn to silence : a young boy, an abusive priest, a buried truth
The day without yesterday
St. Nadie in winter : Zen encounters with loneliness
The pastor : a spirituality
The pastor as theologian : the formation of today's ministry in the light of contemporary human sciences
Touch
The body under the bridge
Be near me
The living of these days : an autobiography
Priestly rule : polemic and biblical interpretation in Ezekiel 44
Fisher of men
Father Aloysius Walsh spent the last years of his life painstakingly collecting evidence of murder, mass murder - a year-long killing spree of unparalleled savagery that blighted Ireland's borderlands at the end of the 1970s. Pinned to his bedroom wall, a macabre map charts the grim territory of death: victims, weapons, wounds, dates - and somehow, amid the forest of pins and notes, he had discerned a pattern... So why did the priest deliberately drive through a cordon of policemen and off the road to his death? Why, when Inspector Celcius Daly arrives at the scene, does he find Special Branch already there? And why is his mother's name on the Priest's map? The past poisons the present and Daly's life will never be the same again.
Sidney Chambers and the shadow of death
The Devil's secret
Time's legacy
Amateur botanist Jacob Fellman (1793-1875), priest of northernmost Finland at Utsjoki in 1820-1831, was the first Finn to study the flora of northernmost East Fennoscandia. He did several long expeditions to Lapponia inarensis (Finland), to East Finnmark (Norway) and to the western Kola Peninsula region (Northwest Russia). His main publications include lists of the species of those areas, as well as their localities and frequencies (J. Fellman 1831, 1835). His memoirs (J. Fellman 1906a) also contain a great deal of plant information. Fellman was also interested in economic plants and phenological observations....
The pastoral provisions - married Catholic priests
Post-exilic polemic over the priesthood -- Ezekiel 44 in modern scholarship -- History and hermeneutics, redaction and reception -- Methodological issues in examining inner-biblical interpretation -- Methodological issues in redaction-criticism -- Overview and prospect -- The rule of priests -- Yhwh's reproach of Israel -- The identity of the foreigners in Ezekiel 44 -- Isaiah 56 and its relationship to Ezekiel 44 -- Yhwh's reproach -- The word of Judgement -- The Levites of Ezekiel 44 -- A Torah concerning the Levites -- The sins of the past -- Bearing sin -- The sons of Zadok -- The composition of Ezekiel 44:6¿16 -- The rules for priests -- The continuation of the divine oracle in the priestly rules -- The priests and their inheritance -- The priests and their vestments -- Priestly conduct -- The instruction concerning hair -- The instruction concerning alcohol -- The instruction concerning marital partners -- The instruction concerning teaching and judicial roles -- The instruction concerning dead bodies -- The relationship between the instructions in Ezekiel 44 and Leviticus 10 and 21 -- The structure and composition of the rules in Ezekiel 44:20:27 -- The missing high priest -- Priestly perquisites -- A pentateuchal compendium -- A précis of priestly income -- Giving each its due -- The prohibition against consuming animal carcasses -- The composition of Eekiel 44:6:31 -- Zadok and the sons of Zadok in Second Temple Judaism -- Zadok and his family in the Book of Chronicles -- The sons of Zadok at Qumran and in the Damascus document -- The sons of Zadok in Ben Sira -- Josephus and the Zadokites -- The Sadducees -- Conclusion -- Conclusions -- Text and historical reality -- The end of the Zadokites -- The beginnings of the Levites -- The Hebrew Bible and the Dead Sea Scrolls.
If you follow me
Martin's big words : the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr
Sunday dinners : food, family, and faith from our favorite pastors
The great wheel
In the year 1200, the foundation is laid for the cathedral of Troyes, but it will not be finished until 400 years later, after innumerable incidents. This game invites you to experience four centuries of history by participating in the development of one of the finest medieval cities ever to make its mark on western culture. Use your military, religious, and civil influence to make your family the most prestigious!
Black itinerants of the Gospel : the narratives of John Jea and George White
Spiritual therapy : how the physician, psychiatrist and minister collaborate in healing
Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland
The bivocational pastor
A Missionary Chronicle : being a history of the ministry to the deaf in the Episcopal Church (1850 - 1980)
The life of elves
The Clakker: a mechanical man, endowed with great strength and boundless stamina -- but beholden to the wishes of its human masters. Soon after the Dutch scientist and clockmaker Christiaan Huygens invented the very first Clakker in the 17th Century, the Netherlands built a whole mechanical army. It wasn't long before a legion of clockwork fusiliers marched on Westminster, and the Netherlands became the world's sole superpower. Three centuries later, it still is. Only the French still fiercely defend their belief in universal human rights for all men -- flesh and brass alike. After decades of warfare, the Dutch and French have reached a tenuous cease-fire in a conflict that has ravaged North America. But one audacious Clakker, Jax, can no longer bear the bonds of his slavery. He will make a bid for freedom, and the consequences of his escape will shake the very foundations of the Brasswork Throne.
Eros the Slayer : two Estonian tales
The pastor's problems
Ministerial ethics : moral formation for church leaders
Master of the house of darts
Harbinger of the storm
The image of the priest in the awareness of polish youth : a sociological study
The glass devil
The power and the glory
The sacred complex in Hindu Gaya
Attentive to God : thinking theologically in ministry
The book of strange new things
The rev. diaries
Sidney Chambers and the perils of the night
The martyrdom of bishop Platon
