http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5479 data security
data security
Case study of why information security investment fail?
Legal welfare and legal planning in the network society
Security in embedded devices
Enhancing the usability and availability of information infrastructure essential for securing the vital functions of society : final report
The security risk assessment handbook : a complete guide for performing security risk assessments
Tietoturvallisuusjärjestelmän (TITU-järjestelmän) sertifiointi standardin BS 7799 perusteella = Information security management system certification on the basis of BS 7799.
Surviving security : how to integrate people, process and technology
The design and implementation of company network security architectures
Handbook of the secure agile software development life cycle
Computer security
Enhancing security of Linux OS against administrators
Exploring determinants of different information security behaviors
Implementing SSL/TLS using cryptography and PKI
Control E-commerce security
Penetration tester's open source toolkit
Network security and implementation based on IPV6
Metasploit penetration testing cookbook : over 70 recipes to master the most widely used penetration testing framework
Developing an Information Security Management System
Bita'13 : Proceedings of Seminar on Current Topics in Business, Information Technology and Analytics
Computer networking : a top-down approach
Public Key Infrastructure operations model
IPICS' 2001 : the second winter school : European Intensive Programme on Information and Communication Technologies Security, 18-24 April 2001, Oulu University, Oulu, Finland
Senior executives commitment into security approach : from motivation to responsibility
Network security technologies
Cloud security : a comprehensive guide to secure cloud computing
Key management schemes in multicast environments
Informaatioteknologia. Turvallisuus. Tietoturvallisuuden hallintakeinojen menettelyohjeet = Information technology. Security techniques. Code of practice for information security controls
Risk analysis on data security
Mandrake Linux 10.0 and Apache 2 WWW server security
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
Security 2020 : Reduce security risks this decade
eHealth of Finland : check point 2006
Implementation and security of Bluetooth technology
Organizational security management concerns in e-business
Web security sourcebook
Staying safe online
Advanced penetration testing for highly-secured environments : the ultimate security guide : learn to perform professional penetration testing for highly-secured environments with this intensive hands-on guide
Designing and implementing a CSCL-based course on data security of a wireless learning environment
Implementing network security
Contaminated rather than classified : CIS design principles to support cyber incident response collaboration
IPICS' 2002 : the second winter school : European Intensive Programme on Information and Communication Technologies Security, 2-9  April 2002, Oulu University, Oulu, Finland
Radio frequency identification as a challenge to information security and privacy
Abstract: Network Access Control : single computer viewpoint.
Computer and information security handbook
Managing online risk : apps, mobile, and social media security
The basics of information security : understanding the fundamentals of InfoSec in theory and practice
Network security assessment
Cyber Security : analytics, technology and automation
Code hacking : a developer's guide to network security
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
Techniques for improving intrusion detection
Developing security in the system development lifecycle : Agenteq Solutions Oy
Cross-Site-Scripting(XSS) Attacking and Defending
Designing network security
Security for computer networks : an introduction to data security in teleprocessing and electronic funds transfer
Hacking the code : ASP.NET web application security
Network Access Control : single computer viewpoint
Smart cards, tokens, security and applications
The determinants affecting on the investment proposals adoption
Cryptography : an introduction to computer security
Information system security for small business
The CISSP prep guide : mastering the ten domains of computer security
Practical VoIP security
Firewall policies and VPN configurations
On data mining applications in mobile networking and network security
Informaatioteknologia. Turvallisuus. Tietoturvallisuuden hallinta. Mittaaminen = Information technology. Security techniques. Information security management. Measurement
Authentication and security aspects in an international multi-user network
CISSP for dummies
Principles of digital communication systems and computer networks
Information management in ICT projects
Analysis and evaluation of the security concerns of VoIP services on smart phones : a case study of the Android-based phones.
End user awareness of cybersecurity challenges
Designing security policies and frameworks for web applications
Wireless Internet telecommunications
Protection against SMTP cyber crime
Corporate Remote Access
Managing information risk and the economics of security
Tietoturvallisuuden hallinta. osa 2. tietoturvallisuuden hallintajärjestelmiä koskevat vaatimukset = Information security management. part 2. specification for information security management systems
Codes for digital fingerprinting
A secure OAuth 2.0 implementation model
A framework for security and IT security management
Cybersecurity and cybercrime in the 21st century
Cyber physical systems approach to smart electric power grid
Backtrack 5 cookbook
Information security policies and actions in modern integrated systems
Email security with Cisco Ironport
Distributed denial-of-service attacks in the Internet
Aggressive network self-defence
Information Security in Smart Electricity Metering
Explaining information security behavior : case of the home user
Secure and Reliable Communications Solution for SCADA and PPDR Use
Information security management handbook. Volume 4
Security log management : identifying patterns in the chaos
Computer security basics
Applying PKI to devices in a network
Tietoturvallisuuden hallintajärjestelmät = Information security management systems. Osa = Part 3, Ohjeita tietoturvariskien hallintaan = Guidelines for information security risk management
System for executing encrypted native programs
Web commerce security : design and development
Degunking your email, spam, and viruses
Developing security in the system development life cycle : Agenteq Solutions Oy
Weak signals in information security management
Adopting encryption to protect confidential data in public clouds: A review of solutions, implementation challenges and alternatives
Information security means protecting information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. Most of small business uses many of the same information systems as large enterprises. In doing small businesses, information system opens itself up to many threats. So information system security is changing more and more important for small company. The thesis research is showing how to manage information system on risk management, information security standards, security frameworks, disaster recovery and more. I will research 10 information security domains for small business which has learned in Corporate and IT security. The thesis objectives are: 1. Research a system security guideline for small business to make a small business more security and effectively. 2. Research matters pertaining to the profession with a common understanding. During the research I am choosing two methods which are theoretical research and applied research. I got a lot of essential material from book and internet which include much information about information security , and I can practical problem or create recommendations for applied research. The research data is including information security management for business essential materials. I have been read and written some assignments in basic information security so far. Most of my source materials are found from CISSP book, Internet, other books, I will try to find other IT technology thesis from HAAGA-HELIA library. The main target of the thesis research is obtaining a good security solution for building up a small business information system. The result can offer security solutions base on 10 information security domains for small business, establish a common framework of information security terms and principles. After this information security thesis research, I can get some more important professional knowledge for information security, I think it can bring me more benefits for my working in future.
Information security awareness assessment : a case of University of Turku
Contemporary security management
Cisco IOS Network Security
Information technology risk management in enterprise environments : a review of industry practices and a practical guide to risk management teams
Security testing of base station controller
Grounded View to Technical Risks of Satellite Based Tracking Systems: A Multimethodology Research
The Circle
Informaatioteknologia, turvallisuus, tietoturvallisuuden hallintajärjestelmät, vaatimukset = Information technology : security techniques, information security management systems, requirements
Open systems and standards for software product development
Foundations of Computer Security : affiliated with LICS'04 and ICALP'04, Turku, Finland, July 12-13, 2004 : proceedings
Intrusion detection applications using knowledge discovery and data mining
Over the last two decades, the Internet and more broadly cyberspace has had a tremendous impact on all parts of society. Governments across the world have started to develop cyber security strategies and to consider cyberspace as an increasingly important international issue. The book, in addition to the cyber threats and technology, processes cyber security from many sides as a social phenomenon and how the implementation of the cyber security strategy is carried out. The book gives a profound idea of the most spoken phenomenon of this time. The book is suitable for a wide-ranging audience from graduate to professionals/practitioners and researchers. Relevant disciplines for the book are: Telecommunications / Network security, Applied mathematics / Data analysis, Mobile systems / Security, Engineering / Security of critical infrastructure and Military science /.
Building and implementing a security certification and accreditation program : official (ISC)2® guide to the CAP CBK®
Electronic safety and soundness : securing finance in a new age
Scene of the Cybercrime
Informaatioteknologia. Turvallisuus. Tietoturvariskien hallinta = Information technology. Security techniques. Information security management
Professional Cocoa® application security
Review of the methods for the development of information security policies at organizations
Transport layer DDoS attack types and mitigation methods in networks
Firewall-1 with integrated VPN
Information security in Finnish small and medium enterprises : current state and future trends
FreeRADIUS for small and medium-sized companies
Dynamics of security compliance : case of IT-based work environment
Security Model for Agile Software Development
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Preventing execution of unauthorized native-code software
Communication in the software vulnerability reporting process
Junos security
Cyberwar : another revolution in military affairs?
Network Security : Securing Network Equipment and Network Users’ Environment
Security by practice : exercises on network security and information assurance
Firewall deployment and configuration : a case study
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Information security architecture for Data VPN-service
Informaatioteknologia. Turvallisuus. Tietoturvallisuuden hallintajärjestelmän toteuttamisohjeita = Information technology. Security techniques. Information security management system implementation guidance
Virtual private networking technologies
A Study of IEC 62443
Semantic models for the security of sequential and concurrent programs
Building Secure IT Server Room
Rigorous development of safety-critical systems
Security Issues of the Sandbox inside Java Virtual Machine (JVM)
Securing IM and P2P applications for the enterprise
Information technology : security techniques : code of practice for information security management = Technologies de l'information : techniques de sécurité : code de pratique pour la gestion de sécurité d'information
Electronic commerce : principles and practice
Tietoturvallisuuden hallinta = Information security management. Osa = Part 1, Tietoturvallisuuden hallintajärjestelmiä koskeva menettelyohje = Code of practice for information security management systems
Tietoturvallisuuden hallinta. Osa 1. Tietoturvallisuuden hallintajärjestelmiä koskeva menettelyohjesystems = Information security management. part 1. Code of practice for information security management
Security, privacy and trust in cloud systems
The Second International Symposium on Networking and Network Security (ISNNS 2010) : 2-4 April 2010, Jinggangshan, China : proceedings
IPICS ́2004 : The Fifth Winter School : 30 March-7 April 2004, Oulu University, Oulu, Finland
Security-centric analysis and performance investigation of IEEE 802.16 WiMAX
Abstract.
Internet security and firewalls
New Security Paradigms Workshop, September 23-26, 1997, Langdale, Cumbria, United Kingdom : proceedings
Risk analysis and security countermeasure selection
Machine-to-machine Communications : Architectures, Technology, Standards, and Applications
Cyber security : an introduction for non-technical managers
Securing SQL server : protecting your database from attackers
Operation and maintenance security in UMTS networks
Implementing a new printing solution : FollowPrint
Security Alerts Collecting System (SyRAS) : Sistema Recolector de Alertas de Seguridad (SyRAS)
SNMP instrumentation in robustness testing
Enforcing trust for execution-protection in modern environments
"The traditional view of information security includes three cornerstones: confidentiality, integrity, and availability, also known as the CIA of information security. As the field has become more complex, both novices and professionals with years of experience need a good reference book outlining the basics. Rather than focusing on compliance or policies and procedures, this book takes a top-down approach. Providing insight from the author's experience developing dozens of standards, the book starts with the fundamentals to bridge the understanding gaps--approaching information security from the bedrock principles of CIA"--
Could a cyber attack lead to financial crisis?
Security aspects of wireless local area network
Secure IT systems : 18th Nordic Conference, Nordsec 2013, Ilulissat, Greenland, October 18-21, 2013 : proceedings
IPICS' 2003 : the fourth winter school : European Intensive Programme on Information and Communication Technologies Security, 8-16 April 2003, Oulu University, Oulu, Finland
Private cloud implementation and security : using Eucalyptus and Xen Frameworks
Secure data sharing
Network security
Detection of distributed denial-of-service attacks in encrypted network traffic
Hacking exposed 6 : network security secrets & solutions
Designing protection system of LAN security
Cyber security culture : counteracting cyber threats through organizational learning and training
Explaining organizational adoption of technology : the case of cloud platforms
Operating systems : internals and design principles
SPM System Cybersecurity
Tietoturvallisuuden hallinta = Information security management. Osa 1 = Part 1, Tietoturvallisuuden hallintaa koskeva menettelyohje = Code of practice for information security management
Anite Finland Ltd. is a Finnish based company providing a full range of software and hardware solutions for the mobile network testing. The Nemo product portfolio consists of several products from handheld measurement tools all the way to the powerful data analysing server solutions. The main customers are mobile operators all around the world. Anti-piracy and copy protecting is a serious business, as there are skilful people trying to break the copy protections for illegal income or to gain reputation among the hacker scene. This is where the well-functioning licensing tool comes to question. In this document, licensing is a synonym for copy protection. Regarding the mobile device products, it was decided that the previous licensing method was outdated and was not flexible enough for use of today. There was a serious need for a faster and more efficient way of creating multiple licenses. When having classified data, it is mandatory to have it encrypted. There are several ways of encrypting the data but some algorithms have gained reputation over others. There are two main categories in data encryption; symmetric and asymmetric encryption. In the symmetric encryption, the same key is used for data encryption and for decryption. The most common symmetric encryption algorithm today is the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), which utilizes Rijndael-algorithm. In the asymmetric encryption, there are two different keys called the private key and the public key. One key is used for encryption and the other key is used for decryption. One of the most well performing asymmetric encryption algorithms is the RSA. Cloud services and cloud computing are making their way to the everyday use in the software development business. All major service providers, including Microsoft, Google and Amazon are providing their own solutions for each cloud computing service layers. The “Platform as a Service” (PaaS) -layer is an effective combination of outsourced computing power with a rather flexible software development environment. The Google App Engine is Google’s version of PaaS, and it is available for free and it offers development tools for Python, Java, PHP and Go.
Database and applications security : integrating information security and data management
Knoppix based firewall/router
If loss in interbank confidence regarding banking sector balance sheets intensified the crisis in 2008, banks' faltering confidence in other banks' systems could cause the next crisis, experts warn. Confidence is vital to the financial system, and as account balances are situated in cyberspace, confidence in the numbers on the screen is of the utmost importance. From a practical point of view it is irrelevant whether a loss of confidence is due to the realisation of financial market risks or cyber risks..
Data backup for dummies
The Secure online business handbook : e-Commerce, IT functionality, & business continuity
"In recent years, building a corporate online presence has become nonnegotiable for businesses, as consumers expect to connect with them in as many ways as possible. There are benefits to companies that use online technology, but there are risks as well. Managing Online Risk presents the tools and resources needed to better understand the security and reputational risks of online and digital activity, and how to mitigate those risks to minimize potential losses. Managing Online Risk highlights security and risk management best practices that address concerns such as data collection and storage, liability, recruitment, employee communications, compliance violations, security of devices (in contexts like mobile, apps, and cloud computing), and more. Additionally, this book offers a companion website that was developed in parallel with the book and includes the latest updates and resources for topics covered in the book"--
Beginning Unix
This book documents recent advances in the field of modeling, simulation, control, security and reliability of Cyber- Physical Systems (CPS) in power grids. The aim of this book is to help the reader gain insights into working of CPSs and understand their potential in transforming the power grids of tomorrow. This book will be useful for all those who are interested in design of cyber-physical systems, be they students or researchers in power systems, CPS modeling software developers, technical marketing professionals and business policy-makers.
DGA detection using machine learning methods
The database hacker's handbook : defending database servers
Website design and development : 100 questions to ask before building a website
Host identity protocol proxy study and implementation in SystemC environment
Information assurance : dependability and security in networked systems
Security without obscurity : a guide to confidentiality, authentication, and integrity
Tietoturvallisuuden hallinta = Information security management. Osa = Part 2, Tietoturvallisuuden hallintajärjestelmiä koskevat vaatimukset = Specification for information security management systems
