http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5473 home
home
Chilean journal of agricultural research
At home with colour
Home care across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Kelly Hoppen style : the golden rules of design
A family guide to house monsters II
Role of Family on Pathways to Acquiring Early Reading Skills In Lusaka's Low-Income Communities
Education and age ease uncertainty of income development
Journal of dairy science
SELF-DESIGNED WASTEWATER TREATMENT SYSTEM FOR DOMESTIC WASTEWATER : Wastewater treatment in areas outside sewer networks in Kokkola
The lemur's tale
Tiny house living : ideas for building and living well in less than 400 square feet
Things I love
Polly's running away book
Service development plan : Case: Finnish Red Cross Tampere Branch home care service
Techno-economic pre-feasibility study of wind and solar electricity generating systems for households in Central Finland
Decorating entrances, stairways and landings
Slow Tourism and Other Emerging Trends in Finland
City of a thousand dolls
A naïve sticky information model of households' inflation expectations
Personal places : how to make your home your own
Elements of style : designing a home & life
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
Lovable livable home : how to add beauty, get organized, and make your house work for you
A 1950s housewife : marriage and homemaking in the 1950s
Gender Trouble and Its Impact on Fertility Intentions
Bright young things
One country, many housing markets
Live/work : working at home, living at work
The $50 home makeover : 75 easy projects to transform your current space into your dream place - for $50 or less!
Home invasion
Atoms under the floorboards : the surprising science hidden in your home
The art of hygge : how to bring Danish cosiness into your life
Modern retro : from rustic to urban, classic to colourful
Risks related to economic and credit cycles
Kirstie's vintage home
Do households have rational expectations on future consumption? : Evidence from the Finnish Consumer Survey
Pretty pastel style : decorating interiors with pastel shades
Prefabulous small houses
Teachers' perception of children's agency in early childhood education
Quick changes : fresh look for every room
A place called home
Households̕ consumption
Behind closed doors
Home networking with Microsoft Windows XP : step by step
What is it that makes some children bully and some become victims? What can you do if despite your best efforts, a child keeps on taunting another? What steps can you take before communicating with parents and what will you say? The practice of bullying endures in all schools today. Despite the implementation of bullying policies, parents and staff can be equally perplexed: not really understanding what they have or haven't done to allow it to happen. Christine Macintyre explores this highly emotive topic, asking why as many as one in 12 school children are bullying victims, and will show in a highly practical way, what can be done to support the children and help staff improve their own practice. This book will provide help and guidance on: enhancing the self-esteem of the affected children, showing how new-found confidence will enable children to offset the effects of being bullied or indeed being a bully; how to tell parents their child is bullying or being bullied, and how to build up a meaningful and mutually supportive relationship with them; and, creating a learning environment that prevents the desire for children to bully. Based on case studies giving first hand accounts of real-life situations, and evaluations of strategies that have been tried and tested, this book suggests fresh and inspiring ways of tackling a problem faced by many practitioners today.
Parents' perceptions and experiences of home and school cooperation in English teaching in the secondary school
Simple style : creating relaxed interiors in the contemporary home
She will not give up. Three months ago, governess Serena Barton was let go from her position. Unable to find new work, she's demanding compensation from the man who got her sacked: a petty, selfish, swinish duke. But it's not the duke she fears. It's his merciless man of business -- the man known as the Wolf of Clermont.
The big picture : a novel
Home essentials : hundreds of inspirational ideas for decorating and furnishing your home
Household debt and banking sector concentration pose risks for Finland
The joy of less : a minimalist living guide : how to declutter, organize, and simplify your life
The young child at home
Miller's Valley : a novel
Mean moms rule : why doing the hard stuff now creates good kids later
Watership Down
William Yeoward at home : elegant living in town and country
Daisy Rabbit's tree house : [a story from Sandy Edge]
Jane Eyre
It is often an underlying assumption that the new role of women and in general the trend toward a more egalitarian view of the concept of partnership is a main factor behind the low fertility rates in rich countries. The aim of this paper is to test the consequences of gender (in)equity on the desire of women and men to have (further) children by using gender inequity as an important category within population science. In our assumptions we want to test whether an unequal distribution of household chores and childcare duties has a negative effect on the desire to have children. Another assumption examines the potential correlation that the perception of (in)equality of women and men in society or the acceptance of government measures to ensure equal rights might have with the desire to have children. The data are derived from the recent Austrian survey Population Policy Acceptance Survey. The assumptions are tested by means of logistic regression analysis. The results show that it is new men who are likely to express a wish for children, rather than those who live in traditional partnership models. .
The home style sourcebook : inspirational decorating schemes for every home
The snow wombat
Making more of small spaces
The apartment book : smart decorating for spaces large and small
Mass-market classics : the home : a celebration of everyday design
Unplug your kids : a parent's guide to raising happy, active, and well-adjusted children in the digital age
Real homes : inspiration beyond style
My home
Living with mum and living with dad : my two homes
Interrelation between close teacher-student relationships and engagement : the case of Finnish preschools
Moral economies of reproductive labour : an ethnography of migrant domestic and care labour in Naples, Italy
Medieval & Renaissance interiors in illuminated manuscripts
Watership down
From the pages of The Simple Things - the London-based home and lifestyle magazine dedicated to taking the time to live well - comes a lavishly illustrated collection that will help you slow down, enjoy what you have and make the most of where you live. This celebration of contemporary British home life presents readers with novel household ideas, simple entertaining and Do-It-Yourself advice, as well as scrumptious and hearty recipes and the best ways in which to share the bounty with friends and family.
Good homes : Espoo
Design of a solar thermal powered cooling system
Tilly's at home holiday
Using the data from the 2008 Finnish Well-Being and Social Relationship Survey I examine how relationship quality is associated with childbearing. The respondents are 25-44-year-old married and cohabiting Finns with no or one children in 2008 and who were followed up with register data in 2011. The combined data (N=1402) gives an opportunity to examine the effect of relationship quality to actual births during the period 2008-2011. Different perceptions of current relationship, relationship satisfaction and frequency and reasons of arguing are included to analysis. The independent variables controlling for structural factors include number of children, age and education, both partners childbearing intention and duration of current relationship. Results indicate that childless men in medium and high quality relationships are most likely to have children. Men (who have a child) in medium quality relationships are most likely to have more children. Relationship quality can shape childless womens childbearing in two ways. Higher relationship quality can strengthen womens intention to have a child and so impact positively on childbearing. Also high relationship quality can result less births among childless women. Women with an earlier child in medium or high quality relationships are most likely to have more children. .
Interior design : the ultimate handbook for designing stunning homes on a budget
Feng shui your life
A girls's guide to decorating
Harmonious home : smart planning for a home that really works
Why living things need... homes
Japan home : inspirational design ideas
The shopkeeper's home : the word's best independent retailers and their stylish homes
Winter living : an inspirational guide to styling and decorating your home for winter
A monster helping of Horrid Henry
Design of a Solar Thermal Powered Cooling System
The style of coworking : contemporary shared workplaces
Dream decor : styling a cool, creative and comfortable home, wherever you live
Orphan train : a novel
Easy elegance : creating a relaxed, comfortable and stylish home
Throw out fifty things : clear the clutter, find your life
The nesting place : it doesn't have to be perfect to be beautiful
Home offices
Ideal home : Helsinki
Grand illusions : new decorating : techniques, ideas &  inspiration for creating a fresh look
The customer of this project is Kontio company - a Finnish construction company specialized in the creating and building of individual wooden houses and administrative wooden buildings. A big part of their sales come from the Russian market. The goal of this project is creating of modular wooden kindergarten for sale in Russia. Research in the thesis is carried out in two directions. The first of them is an analysis of Russian fire resistance regulations, energy efficiency norms and soundproofing usage rules and also observing laminated wood as main building material for a kindergarten. The second part is design of a building. The drawings and a 3D model of the building were created with ArchCad and AutoCad programs. During the work, three types of modules for the building were designed. One version of the building is shown in the thesis. The plan of the floor, the facades, the sections and a 3D model were designed for this version. The customer company can use these modules in the future to create a building of different sizes and forms.
Spanish Home Care. Policies and consequences on a micro level
Home.work : setting up an office at home
Comparison of heat pump system and boiler plant for one-family house : Heat sources in one-family house
Do It Yourself: DIY ideas
The family home : Relaxed, informal living for all ages
Efficient livestock handling : the practical application of animal welfare and behavioral science
Small + modern + urban = home
Marketing Strategy: Luonnotar Organic Home Line
Finland's financial system is, by structure, vulnerable to risks associated with lending for house purchase. Housing loan volumes are large relative to other lending by banks and requirements on banks' own funds. The fact that household debt levels have increased and that housing wealth constitutes a large proportion of household assets also increases the vulnerabilities. In addition, covered bonds secured by housing loans play a significant role in bank funding and investment. However, the increase in vulnerabilities has largely levelled off in the 2010s..
Recycled home : transform your home using salvaged materials
Introducing dry toilet technology to households : case: Ho Municipality in Ghana
Zak Zoo and the hectic house
Tiger house
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Chic boutiquers at home : interiors inspiration and expert advice from creative online sellers
The Resident Assessment Index in Home Care
This article looks at the ways Lithuanian emigrants in the U.S. experience attachment to their homeland. The text intends to conceptualize the importance of ethnicity, creation of emotional bond with the home country, fellow citizens, and the government. Empirical data were collected by the author of the article during the ethnographic fieldtrip in the USA. A pilot fieldwork was conducted in March, 2007, on the West Coast, California: San Diego, Santa Monica, Los Angeles, Mission Viejo, and Orange County. The main field study was done in April-June, 2008, on the East Coast: New York (NY), Pittsfield (MA), Jersey City (NJ), Philadelphia (PA), Brattleboro (VT); and in the Central part: Chicago (IL). The last stage of the fieldwork was completed in October-November, 2013, again, on the East Coast - in New York (NY). During the fieldwork, “emic” data and visual recordings were collected through participant observation and qualitative semi-structured interviews. As the article points out, while living in the U.S., “Lithuanian” symbols help emigrants to maintain the transnational link with their country of origin allowing to create their private spaces of “home” where they feel safe and, sometimes, as if they have never left Lithuania. Despite the fact that Lithuanian Americans express predominantly negative attitudes toward their home country and people who remained there, it could not be argued that they have emotionally distanced themselves from their motherland in order to re-create their own identity by denying ethnic roots. Even negative narratives about Lithuania reveal the presence of nostalgia, the immigrants' need to talk about Lithuania and the mass of questions that remain unanswered or unresolved..
Bright bazaar : embracing colour for make-you-smile style
Decorating easy : create a simple, comfortable home with pure style
Modern mix : curating personal style with chic & accessible finds
There's no one I love like you
The girls' guide to homemaking
Sensual home : liberate your senses and change your life
Junk chic
The ability to predict future income is essential for the wellbeing of households. While there have been no major changes in Finnish households' income uncertainty over the past 25 years or so, there would appear to be some ingrained differences across population groups. Income uncertainty has been higher for the less educated than for the highly educated, while risks to the income of the self-employed are high relative to their expected income development. Public transfers have moderated the risks associated with earnings development, notably for the less educated. The significance of public transfer schemes for levelling out income development becomes more apparent as the population ages, with a larger share of the population reliant on public transfers to make ends meet..
Charlie & the great escape
Ecology starts at home!
The essential housebook
Ghosty men : the strange but true story of Collyer brothers, New York's greatest hoarders : an urban historical by
I will teach you to be rich
Life unstyled : how to embrace imperfection and create a home you love
High housing debt increases risks to financial stability
To steal her love
Traditional home : e-lehti
Creation of modular log kindergarten for Russian market
Poultry international : production, prosessing and marketing worldwide
The comforts of home  : thrifty and chic decorating ideas for making the most of what you have
Fashion designers at home : the private spaces of 21 makers of style
Down the back of the chair
How to decorate
Horrid Henry's monster movie
Kitchen - a fascinating classroom : home economics as contextualized content for CLIL class, a material package
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
The Impact of Relationship Quality on Childbearing in Finland
Style & simplicity : an A to Z guide to living more beautiful life
Geography of home : writings on where we live
A right honorable gentleman
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Young families under stress : outcomes and costs of Home-Start support
Presence - the Core of Nursing : Elderly People ́s Experiences of the Presence of Their Primary Nurse
Snow bear
Home Care Across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Small spaces for modern living : making the most of your indoor space
What is the cost of living? : reference budgets for a decent minimum standard of living in Finland
The governess affair
Nest for two : creating a harmonious home
Lillian Too's 168 Feng Shui ways to declutter your home
Children, place and indentity : nation and locality in middle childhood
Simple matters : Living with less and ending up with more
Bringing madness home : the multiple meanings of home in Janet Frame's Faces in the water, Bessie Head's A question of power and Lauren Slater's Prozac diary
Contemporery chic
The making of home
Mediterranean living
Conran on colour
Presents the author's six-week personal finance program for adults ages 20-35. Integrated with his website, where readers can use interactive charts, follow up on the latest information, and join the community, it is a hip blueprint to building wealth and financial security.
1001 ideas for color & paint
House beautiful : e-lehti
The trends of the early post-millennium years - a larger average loan size and longer loan repayment periods - have permanently increased household vulnerability to debt-related risks in Finland. Household indebtedness embraces another four features that amplify the risks to the economy: the debt level is high relative to GDP, risks are unevenly distributed, loans are tied to variable interest rates and, in part, loans are large relative to the collateral provided. The stabilisation of debt developments in the 2010s has been positive for financial stability..
Forms of attachment to a home country: Lithuanians in the USA
Home-sewn French style : 35 step-by-step beautiful & chic sewing projects includes 6 full-size patterns
The pedagogical development of an international teacher in the cultural context of Finnish CLIL home economics
This paper reports findings from the study that examined the role of family in children's acquisition of early reading skills. We recruited 72 first-grade learners and their parents from low-income Zambian families for the study. In response to a home literacy questionnaire, parents reported on their reading attitudes and family literacy environment. Children's early reading skills were assessed using two early reading tests (orthographic awareness and decoding competence), both conducted at two different points during the year. Regression analyses of pretest and gain scores revealed that parental reading attitude and family literacy environment significantly predicted early reading skills. These findings suggest that the family is an important element in the children's process of learning to read. Implications of the findings are discussed.
Manure nutrient content in the Baltic Sea countries
The connection between on-farm assessed welfare (A-index) and production parameters of the sows
Memory meanders : place, home and commemoration in an ex-Rhodesian diaspora community
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Simple home : calm spaces for comfortable living
What is the cost of living? : references budgets for a decent minimum standard of livin in Finland
Paint style : the new approach to decorative paint finishes
The home modernised : making a home for the way you want to live today
Country living : e-lehti
The complete home design book
Finland's domestic financial system has continued to function well despite the prolonged recession. Short-term risks to the stability of the domestic financial system relate particularly to weaker-than-forecast developments in the Finnish economy and risks developing on the international financial markets..
INTERIOR DESIGN, DECOR & STYLE GUIDES. Life Unstyled is about taking inspiration from real homes that are beautiful, creative and inspiring but at the same time a little rough around the edges, with signs of everyday life evident throughout. The first section, 'Homes Unstyled', sets out Emily's manifesto for creating a stylish home that is beautiful but lived in. A Home is Never Done advocates allowing your space to evolve gradually so it is an ever-changing expression of your tastes and interests. Work with What You've Got suggests ways to make the most of the home you have rather than yearning for unattainable perfection. Signs of Life offers ideas for wrangling papers, clutter and other stuff. Creative Clutter tackles collections and displays, while Break the Rules rejects style diktats and shows how individuality can bring a home to life.
Households' assets
Fostering the relationship between home and school : a case study of a senior secondary school in the Gambia
Easy home makeovers : 'before' and 'after' transformations for any living space
Simple matters : living with less and ending up more
Going too far
Two nests
Energy profiling of single-family houses built before 2010
Pad : the guide to ultra-living
Clutter busting : letting go of what's holding you back
Regional divergence is a strong feature of the Finnish housing market and household debt. House prices are higher in growth centres than in the rest of the country, and households in growth centres also have more housing debt both in absolute terms and relative to their income. In the long term, the mutually reinforcing cycles and vulnerabilities in housing and credit markets could turn out to be detrimental to financial stability and the macroeconomy..
"For every person over the age of 65 in todayʼs European Union there are four people of working age but, by 2050, there will only be two. Demand for long-term care, of which home care forms a significant part, will inevitably increase in the decades to come. Despite the importance of the issue there is, however, a lack of up-to-date and comparative information on home care in Europe. This volume attempts to fill some of that gap by examining current European policy on home-care services and strategies. Home Care across Europeprobes a wide range of topics including the linkage between social services and health-care systems, the prevailing funding mechanisms, how  service providers are paid, the impact of governmental regulation, and the complex roles played by informal caregivers. Drawing on a set of Europe-wide case studies (available in a second, online volume), the study provides comparable descriptive information on many aspects of the organization, financing and provision of home care across the continent. It is a text  that will help frame the coming debate about how best to serve elderly citizens as  European populations age." -- (takakansi)
Bullying and young children : understanding the issues and tackling the problem
Sustainability - a challenge to animal production and breeding
Art & the home
Country home : e-lehti
The decoraing book
Functional Anatomy and Physiology of Domestic Animals
Decorating style
Homeschooling, freedom of conscience, and the school as republican sanctuary: an analysis of arguments representing polar conceptions of the secular state and religious neutrality
It's all too much : an easy plan for living richer life with less stuff
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
Making a house your home : the essential guide to modern day homemaking
Mahtab's story
How to unspoil your child fast : a speedy, complete guide to contented children and happy parents
Decorating ideas that work : creative design solutions for our home
A mom's guide to home organization : simple solutions to control clutter, schedules and stress
Tourism, mobility, and second homes : between elite landscape and common ground
From the mixed-up files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler
Households increasingly dependent on public transfers
Investing in home-preschool collaboration for understanding social worlds of multilingual children
Design masterclass : how to achieve the home of your dreams
City living : creative design ideas for the new urban home
Country living : Espoo
Mend it! : 400 easy repairs from everyday items, from kitchenware & jewellery to furniture & textiles
Belonging : a culture of place
My life in houses
Ginger and the mystery visitor
Dreams of joy
Household debt - how much is too much?
Best of the simple things : taking time to live well
A gentleman in Moscow
Sycamore row : a novel
Elderly Emergency : Emergency room nurse’s experiences on how information flow affects the good care of an elderly patient in the emergency room
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
The longer working careers and higher earnings of those now retiring have caused a rising trend in earnings-related pensions. As this has been accompanied by a strong increase in unemployment expenditure and slow growth in aggregate income from wages and salaries on account of the recession, a growing number of households now depend on current transfers. Accordingly, household income and expenditure are now less dependent on the economic cycle and countercyclical policy. In addition, the impact of monetary policy on aggregate demand is reduced by the growing role of property income in financing consumption. Contrary to the life cycle hypothesis, elderly people's savings rate has risen with age, and net wealth is highest amongst the elderly..
Wound care in home care : Information booklet for Kotipeura
Pedagogical small group approach in a day care center
Help! : they need somebody!
Establishing a private social service company to support individuals living at home
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
How the sun got to Coco's house
Scotland : a literary guide for travellers
Happy home
