http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5477 secret languages
secret languages code languages
Crypto : secrecy and privacy in the new code war
The mousetrap & selected plays
The inside story
The mystery of the disappearing cat
The murder of Roger Ackroyd
The curious casebook of Inspector Hanshichi : detective stories of old Edo
But was it murder?
A dictionary of anonymous and pseudonymous publications in the English language. [1], 1475-1640
No place to hide
The directory of signs & signals : a guide to signs, codes, and signals from across the world
Murder by art
The secrets of codes : understanding the world of hidden messages
A dictionary of literary pseudonyms in the English language
After the funeral
Vulnerability management: sofware vulnerability, gartner, vulnerability (computing)
The complete adventures of Feluda. Volume 1
The Speckled Band
Hallowe'en party
Ellery Queen's Japanese golden dozen : the detective story world in Japan
Cat among the pigeons
Testing the retranslation hypothesis : a case study of Agatha Christie's Why didin̕'t they ask Evans? and its two Finnish translations
Secure coding : principles and practices
Mission Survival : Sands of the Scorpion
Three blind mice and other stories
They do it with mirrors
The Red-headed League
The imitation game
Sisältää teokset: City of glass, Ghosts, The locked room.
The codebreakers : the story of secret writing
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes
Berlin express
The jewel that was ours
Dark tongues : the art of rogues and riddlers
The mystery of the invisible thief
Detective work
The hound of the Baskervilles
The case of the movie set mischief and other mysteries
Postern of fate
The red-headed league
The Hound of the Baskervilles
The speckled band and other stories
The Cartel
The sicilian contract
Hermelin : the detective mouse
Look into my eyes
Catch your death
The complete adventures of Feluda. Volume 2
From the internationally best-selling author of the acclaimed novel The Power Of The Dog comes The Cartel, a gripping true-to-life epic, ripped from the headlines, of power, corruption, revenge and justice spanning the past decade of the Mexican-American drug wars. It's 2004. DEA agent Art Keller has been fighting the war on drugs for thirty years in a blood feud against Adan Barrera, the head of El Federación, the world's most powerful cartel, and the man who brutally murdered Keller's partner. Finally putting Barrera away costs Keller dearly – the woman he loves, the beliefs he cherishes, the life he wants to lead. Then Barrera gets out, determined to rebuild the empire that Keller shattered. Unwilling to live in a world with Barrera in it, Keller goes on a ten-year odyssey to take him down. His obsession with justice – or is it revenge – becomes a ruthless struggle that stretches from the cities, mountains and deserts of Mexico, to Washington's corridors of power, to the streets of Berlin and Barcelona. Keller fights his personal battle against the devastated backdrop of Mexico's drug war, a conflict of unprecedented scale and viciousness, as cartels vie for power and he comes to the final reckoning with Barrera – and himself - that he always knew must happen. The Cartel is true-to-life story of power, corruption, revenge, honour and sacrifice, as one man tries to face down the devil without losing his soul. It is the story of the war on drugs and the men – and women – who wage it.
Java cryptography
The Tokyo zodiac murders : detective Mitarai's casebook
A pocket full of rye
Many call the fifteenth-century codex, commonly known as the "Voynich Manuscript," the world's most mysterious book. Written in an unknown script by an unknown author, the manuscript has no clearer purpose now than when it was rediscovered in 1912 by rare books dealer Wilfrid Voynich. The manuscript appears and disappears throughout history, from the library of the Holy Roman Emperor Rudolf II to a secret sale of books in 1903 by the Society of Jesus in Rome. The book's language has eluded decipherment, and its elaborate illustrations remain as baffling as they are beautiful. For the first time, this facsimile, complete with elaborate folding sections, allows readers to explore this enigma in all its stunning detail, from its one-of-a-kind "Voynichese" text to its illustrations of otherworldly plants, unfamiliar constellations, and naked women swimming though fantastical tubes and green baths. The essays that accompany the manuscript explain what we have learned about this work--from alchemical, cryptographic, forensic, and historical perspectives--but they provide few definitive answers. Instead, as New York Times best-selling author Deborah Harkness says in her introduction, the book "invites the reader to join us at the heart of the mystery."
4.50 from Paddington
H is for homicide
The languages of Tolkien's Middle-earth
The Bible code
Classic detective stories
The unsolved case of sherlock holmes
Languages and jargons : contributions to a social history of language
Mysterious messages : a history of codes and ciphers
Hound of the Baskervilles
Blink and you die
The day of the Jackal
The code book : the science of secrecy from ancient Egypt to quantum cryptography
The book of codes : understanding the world of hidden messages : an illustrated guide to signs, symbols, ciphers, and secret languages
Ubijstvo na ulitse Morg = The murders in the Rue Morgue
Allusions in detective stories and their translation into Finnish
Best detective stories of Agatha Christie : full text edition
The Voynich manuscript
Encyclopedia of cryptology
Enigma : how the Poles broke the nazi code
Destination unknown
Crooked House
On cryptology and its translation in fiction : a general approach with a case study
The mystery of the vanished prince
Encyclopedia of fictional and fantastic languages
A is for alibi
The best baby name book in the whole wide world : [over 13,001 girls' & boys' names : complete with meanings, origins and nicknames]
Towards the final version : a study of changes in translation versions
Feel the fear
Codes, ciphers & other cryptic & clandestine communication : making and breaking secret messages from hieroglyphs to the Internet
No reason for murder
Take your last breath
The New York Trilogy
Cat Among the Pigeons
