http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5471 foster homes
foster homes
Cut : the true story of an abandoned, abused little girl who was desperate to be part of a family
Residential child care : international perspectives on links with families and peers
The language of flowers
Earwig and the witch
The privilege of youth : the inspirational story of a teenager's search for  friendship and acceptance
Apologies and the legacy of abuse of children in care : international perspectives
This book positions inquiries into the historical abuse of children in care within the context of transitional justice. It examines investigation, apology and redress processes across a range of Western nations to trace the growth of the movement, national particularities and the impact of the work on professionals involved.
The secret garden
Foster carers : why they stay and why they leave
The story of Tracy Beaker
Abstract: The placement on a reform school - the second change for an adolescent? : psychiatric disorders, learning disabilities and problems in the family as a challenge of treatment.
Orphan train : a novel
Rethinking residential child care : positive perspectives
Close your pretty eyes
Managing children's disruptive behaviour : a guide for practitioners working with parents and foster parents
Rocks in the belly
Shifty
The honeymoon sisters
Foster children's sibling relationships in middle childhood
Poppy's house has always had at least one little foster-brother or sister. But when her mum announces they'll be getting a new foster-child, she isn't expecting it to be Sadie Shaw. Sadie is hard as nails, cold as ice, tougher than a tiger - and she's the new girl in Poppy's class at school. They'd never be seen together in public. Now they're sharing a bathroom. Sadie and Poppy have a secret. They may not like each other, but their mums are sisters - who haven't even spoken for years. But now Sadie's mum's disappeared, her dad's in prison and Poppy's mum is treating her like a long-lost daughter. How can Mum fall for Sadie's sweet-as-honey act - when Poppy knows all too well what she's really like?
Shattered : a novel
Tracy Beaker trilogy
Rush home road : a novel
Child welfare services : a sourcebook
Raven's gate : The power of five : Book 1.
Adoptive and foster parent screening : a professional guide for evaluations
My story : A child called "it" ; The lost boy ; A man named Dave
Foster children : where they go and how they get on
Coparenting : a conceptual and clinical examination of family systems
The vanishing game
Exploring the challenges and possibilities of working with asylum seeking children and young people, this title examines research evidence in relation to different aspects of helping young people resettle, and how this can be used to develop and sustain good standards of practice.
Residential care : horizons for the new century
Children exposed to parental substance misuse : implications for family placement
Fostering a child's recovery : family placement for traumatized children
Babies and young children in care : life pathways, decision-making and practice
The language of the flowers
In care and after : a positive perspective
The heartbreaking true story of a young, troubled mother who needed help. The sixteenth fostering memoir by Cathy Glass. It s a big, exciting moment for Laura when she decides to finally take her new baby out to the school playground for the first time ever. What should be a happy, magical moment quickly sours, however, when Laura suddenly feels queasy and runs off back home. None of the other schoolyard mothers seem to notice this troubled, struggling woman apart from Cathy. But when Cathy tries to help, she finds herself hitting wall after wall. Laura needs medical help but refuses to see a doctor. Her own cold mother refuses to help. It is left to Cathy to try and bring light to this dark and dangerous place.
The true story of two neglected little children saved from abuse and transformed by the love and care of foster mother Maggie Hartley.
Poppy was six years old when she was rescued from her abusive mother and taken to her grandparents' farm to recover. There, under a wide South African sky, Poppy succumbs to the magic of their garden. Slowly, her memories fade and her wounds begin to heal. But as Poppy grows up into a strange, fierce and beautiful young woman, her childhood memories start to surface. And then a love affair with a married carpenter across the valley explodes her world. This is a lush, lyrical novel about a young girl's struggle to come to terms with her past.
State child care : looking after children?
Children's food practices in families and institutions
Bone meal for roses
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
The forbidden room
What she left behind
Dimensions of substitute child care : a comparative study of foster and residential care practice
Fostering now : messages from research
Vulnerable, guilty or on their own? : Institutional identities of substance abusing children and families within Finnish child welfare
Tiny Prisoners: Two siblings trapped in a world of abuse. One woman determined to free them
Sent to live in a foster home in a remote Yorkshire village, Matt, a troubled fourteen-year-old English boy, uncovers an evil plot involving witchcraft and the site of an ancient stone circle.
Summary.
The big picture : a novel
The silent cry : alone, there is nothing Kim can do as her mother's mental health spirals out of control
Trapped : the terrifying true story of a young girl's secret world of abuse
The illustrated mum
Growing up in stepfamilies
Making residential care work : structure and culture in children's homes
Tommy Glover's sketch of heaven
Decision in child care
Foster care therapist handbook : relational approaches to the children and their families
Child welfare : major themes in health and social welfare. Volume 3 : Child placement and children away from home
Starring Tracy Beaker
Kicked out
Working with unaccompanied asylum seeking children : issues for policy and practice
The kid : a true story
Young people in care and criminal behaviour
