http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5475 encryption
encryption
IPSec interoperability with Nokia appliances
On the NTRU cryptosystem
Net neutrality and Deep Packet Inspection : users' privacy concern
Underwater and underground bases : surprising facts the government does not want you to know!
Surviving security : how to integrate people, process and technology
Cryptological mathematics
Principles of secure communication systems
Crypto : secrecy and privacy in the new code war
Hash function security : cryptanalysis of the Very Smooth Hash and multicollisions in generalised iterated hash functions
Sendmail cookbook
Computer security
Practical internet security
Implementing SSL/TLS using cryptography and PKI
Grayscale visual cryptography
Integer factorization with the general number field sieve : thesis
Authentication and encryption in "BATMAN"
Test tool development of Secure Real-time Transport Protocol : with analysis of media signaling methods
The government UFO files
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell
Computer security fundamentals
Simultaneous encryption and distribution of IPv4 Multicast in two different encryption products
Java cryptography
Introduction to cryptography : with coding theory
Impacts and risk assessment of technology for internet security : enabled information small-medium enterprises
PGP & GPG  : email for the practical paranoid
Personnel information security instructions
CISSP certification all-in-one exam guide
Programming Windows Identity Foundation
Computational number theory and modern cryptography
Authentication : from passwords to public keys
Building Linux and OpenBSD firewalls
"Designed as a comprehensive introduction to the topic of communications system security, this text covers the basics of establishing trusted communications and common methods and mechanisms used in protecting transmitted and processed information. The authors present the principles and protocols in an accessible, easy-to-understand format. The main topics featured are cryptography, IKE, IPsec, and TLS. The book includes many examples to illustrate the concepts presented and exercises provided in each chapter offer hands-on experience"--
Implementing SSH® : strategies for optimizing the secure shell
Cryptography : theory and practice
Security+ certification : lab manual
Cryptography, information theory, and error-correction : a handbook for the 21st century
programming .NET security
Introduction to cryptography
Secure coding : principles and practices
Network security hacks
Encoding / Decoding Reed-Solomon codes
This thesis project was launched to solve technical problems and to create processes and the technical solutions needed in managing the life cycle of a new full disk encryption software product. Background for the technical problems was that old encryption software needed to be removed and the new version installed but the centralized management tools on the old product were not operational. The following tasks were the project goals: Create a safe removal mechanism for the old encryption product. Create a new delivery and installation mechanism for the new encryption product. This included the changes needed to convert a test environment to production environment by adjusting the environment settings and installation parameters. Write documentation of the environment and guides how to manage the product.    This project was responsible in delivering the solution how the deployment should be done but not to follow through the whole deployment since it could take several months. The project was accomplished by first investigating the old encryption environment and solving the uninstall problem with a few changes to the server.  After that a new installation package and delivery method was created and documented. Installation procedures where tested and improved during the testing phase  This project started on 08.03.2009 and ended on 11.06.2009 The project produced solution for the encryption product change on two operating systems (w2000 & XP) and found out critical problems on the third platform (Vista) which led to a recommendation to study other available options or to wait for a new release of the encryption software.
Studies in lightweight cryptography
Studies on high-speed hardware implementation of cryptographic algorithms
Security-as-a-service providers : Telus, NEC, Inca Internet, Barracuda Networks, Websense, Panda Security, McAfee, Kaspersky Lab, Scansafe
Essentials of error-control coding
Algebraic methods for cryptographic key exchange
The Bletchley Park codebreakers
Writing information security policies
Unix system administration handbook
The complete book of data anonymization : from planning to implementation
World war II in secret : the hidden conflict 1939 to 1945
The civil servant identity card
Cryptography in C and C++
Crypto : how the code rebels beat the government - saving privacy in the digital age
The CISSP prep guide : mastering the ten domains of computer security
Developing fast machine learning techniques with applications to steganalysis problems
Exploring and evaluating SSH with SSH Tectia 4.3.0
CISSP for dummies
Contemporary cryptography
PKI Calculation Engine
The use of Ethernet based fieldbus communication over the cloud
IPSec based VPN, technology and implementation
Information security theory and practices : smart cards, mobile and ubiquitous computing systems : First IFIP TC6 / WG 8.8 / WG 11.2 International Workshop WISTP 2007, Heraklion, Crete, Greece, May 9-11, 2007 ; proceedings
Security of Web communications
Portable elliptic curve cryptography for medium-sized embedded systems
Digital rights management : technologies, issues, challenges and systems : first international conference, DRMTICS 2005, Sydney, Australia, October 31 - November 2, 2005, revised selected papers
Architectures and protocols for secure information technology infrastructures
Steganography in network protocols
Test Tool Development Of Secure Real-Time Transport Protocol : With analysis of media signaling methods
Communication system security
CISSP® certification all-in-one exam guide
Secrets : on the ethics of concealment and revelation
Elliptic curves in cryptography
Implementing email security and tokens : current standards, tools, and practices
Applying PKI to devices in a network
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems’ security
Algebraic methods for cryptographic key exhange
System for executing encrypted native programs
Practical cryptography
The secret life of Bletchley Park : the WWII codebreaking centre and the men and women who worked there
Covert timing channels, caching, and cryptography
ARM based UART data transmission with asymmetric key encryption using RSA algorithm
Fundamentals of cryptology : a professional reference and interactive tutorial
Computer security handbook
The prime minister's ironing board and other state secrets : true stories from the government archives
Adopting encryption to protect confidential data in public clouds: A review of solutions, implementation challenges and alternatives
Making, breaking codes : an introduction to cryptology
Testing of VoIP security problems is essential to enterprises providing real-time data and services. The critical infrastructure can be compromised and data to be regularly exposed. This information may be used by malicious hackers for illegal purposes. At the same time consumers are connecting their smartphones and other personal devices to the network. The business with private and secured data is becoming more and more important in our everyday life. The major security threat for enterprises today is discovering existing unknown vulnerabilities from used software. Unknown vulnerabilities may cause a lot of serious problems, attacks utilizing security holes may continue undetected (while customer safety is compromised) and the repair process tends to be slow once an attack is detected. Additionally, during maintenance there is downtime when customer services are not accessible. Naturally, all downtime is damaging company reputation and eventually affecting to company profits. Security related bugs are likely to exist in platforms when facing with new technologies which are complex to implement and when software versions are often a released detriment of testing. Also, an increasing number of vulnerabilities have not been published but instead those may end to be used and shared within underground hacker communities. Companies and enterprises need to find preventive actions to protect their products and services because it takes too much time to wait fixed software releases from vendors. In this thesis work the protocol model from a Secure Real-time Transport Protocol (SRTP) is implemented using the Codenomicon Test Tool platform. The product can send valid and anomalous data transmissions to the test application over the Internet. This is technique (or testing method) called fuzzing or fuzz testing. Software robustness can be verified and unknown or zero-day vulnerabilities may be found with fuzzing. RTP data is typically audio, video or other streaming content. RTP data (or media stream) is usually transferred and embedded within another protocol. The SRTP Test Suite can utilize other Codenomicon test tools to do media signaling negotiation with the test targets in a way which is secure when it comes to cryptography. Thus, the result of the connection parameters may be used to get connected with a wider variety of test targets and send an SRTP fuzzing data stream to these applications.
Hacking a Fibre Channel network
Java security
Eavesdropping on Hell : historical guide to western communications intelligence and the Holocaust, 1939-1945
The testament
Evaluation of the current state of Bluetooth security
Cryptography
An introduction to cryptography
Securing intranet access with Virtual Private Network
Basic methods of cryptography
Introduction to computer security
Development of software to hide text inside a picture : steganography
Cryptographic software export controls in the EU
Steganography in digital media : principles, algorithms, and applications
Preventing reverse engineering of native and managed programs
Firewall-1 with integrated VPN
Virtualization security : protecting virtualized environments
Princess knight. Part 2
Too bright to hear too loud to see
Internet security made easy
Microsoft Windows security : essentials
Network security essentials : applications and standards
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Network security foundations
Implementation of load directed roaming and power budget algorithms in Nokia TETRA radio unit
The CISSP and CAP prep guide : platinum edition
Applied cryptography : protocols, algorithms, and source code in C
Administration of securid users in Luvata virtual private network
Introduction to cryptography with open-source software
Use of cryptographic codes for bytecode verification in smart card environment
Algorithmic adventures : from knowledge to magic
"The only book to provide a unified view of the interplay between computationalnumber theory and cryptographyComputational number theory and modern cryptography are two of the most important and fundamental research fields in information security. There are many textbooks on computational number theory or cryptography. However, textbooks integrating both topics are rare. This book not only introduces the basic concepts and results in the two fields, but also introduces many advanced topics. Mathematical ideas are presented first, thereupon treating cryptography as an immediate application of the mathematical ideas. The author covers topics from number theory which are relevant for applications in public-key cryptography. The most popular public-key cryptosystems are based on difficult computational problems, such as factorization of large positive integers and the discrete logarithm problem in finite fields or on elliptic curves over finite fields. The book also covers modern topics, such as coding and lattice based cryptography, which are relevant for so-called post-quantum cryptography. The author goes over the basics in the first six chapters, followed by application to the most common cryptographic algorithms in the following three chapters. Finally areas of current research are touched in the last three chapters. Serious mathematical problems behind these applications will be explained at the level accessible to computer scientists and engineers. Makes deep mathematical problems accessible to computer scientists and engineers Based on classroom tested materials used in the US, UK and China Exercises included in every chapter Instructor resources available on the book's Companion Website "--
Abstract.
Securing software architectures for trusted processor environments
On the performance analysis of full-duplex networks
VPN an IPsec : performance of SmoothWall and VPN
A guide to investigating using the Internet
E-commerce : fundamentals and applications
Monomial sums with applications and normal bases in finite fields
GPRS network and roaming
Security+ prep guide
"This handbook provides technical guidance on statistical disclosure control and on how to approach the problem of balancing the need to provide users with statistical outputs and the need to protect the confidentiality of respondents.Statistical disclosure control is combined with other tools such as administrative, legal and IT in order to define a proper data dissemination strategy based on a risk management approach. The key concepts of statistical disclosure control are presented, along with the methodology and software that can be used to apply various methods of statistical disclosure control.Examples will also be used to illustrate methods described in the book. The handbook is based upon material prepared by the leading National Institute of Statistics in Europe. The context is relevant globally, not just within the EU. "-- Provided by publisher.
Algebraic aspects of the Advanced Encryption Standard
"The traditional view of information security includes three cornerstones: confidentiality, integrity, and availability, also known as the CIA of information security. As the field has become more complex, both novices and professionals with years of experience need a good reference book outlining the basics. Rather than focusing on compliance or policies and procedures, this book takes a top-down approach. Providing insight from the author's experience developing dozens of standards, the book starts with the fundamentals to bridge the understanding gaps--approaching information security from the bedrock principles of CIA"--
The secret life of Bletchley Park : the history of the wartime codebreaking centre and the men and women who were there
Organisational anthropology : doing ethnography in and among complex organisations
"This book not only introduces the basic concepts and results in the two fields, but also introduces many advanced topics"--
Legal issues of maritime virtual organisations
Performance analysis of security measures in near field communication
Secure remote access for support connections
CISSP® certification : exam guide
Privacy and security of Internet communications
Mysterious messages : a history of codes and ciphers
Secrecy's power : covert Shin Buddhists in Japan and contradictions of concealment
Investigation of how wireless data communication can be verified for home user
Abstract:.
Detection of distributed denial-of-service attacks in encrypted network traffic
Algebraic aspects of cryptography
KBO : the Churchill secret
SPM System Cybersecurity
Anite Finland Ltd. is a Finnish based company providing a full range of software and hardware solutions for the mobile network testing. The Nemo product portfolio consists of several products from handheld measurement tools all the way to the powerful data analysing server solutions. The main customers are mobile operators all around the world. Anti-piracy and copy protecting is a serious business, as there are skilful people trying to break the copy protections for illegal income or to gain reputation among the hacker scene. This is where the well-functioning licensing tool comes to question. In this document, licensing is a synonym for copy protection. Regarding the mobile device products, it was decided that the previous licensing method was outdated and was not flexible enough for use of today. There was a serious need for a faster and more efficient way of creating multiple licenses. When having classified data, it is mandatory to have it encrypted. There are several ways of encrypting the data but some algorithms have gained reputation over others. There are two main categories in data encryption; symmetric and asymmetric encryption. In the symmetric encryption, the same key is used for data encryption and for decryption. The most common symmetric encryption algorithm today is the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), which utilizes Rijndael-algorithm. In the asymmetric encryption, there are two different keys called the private key and the public key. One key is used for encryption and the other key is used for decryption. One of the most well performing asymmetric encryption algorithms is the RSA. Cloud services and cloud computing are making their way to the everyday use in the software development business. All major service providers, including Microsoft, Google and Amazon are providing their own solutions for each cloud computing service layers. The “Platform as a Service” (PaaS) -layer is an effective combination of outsourced computing power with a rather flexible software development environment. The Google App Engine is Google’s version of PaaS, and it is available for free and it offers development tools for Python, Java, PHP and Go.
Practical internet of things security : a practical, indispensable security guide that will navigate you through the complex realm of security building and deploying systems in our IoT-connected world
Security for Microsoft Windows system administrators : introduction to key information security concepts
Applied cryptography in embedded systems
Wireless security
A suspected IRA commander in Northern Ireland, agrees with his wife to foster a child. Unbeknown to them, that boy is twelve-year-old British secret agent, Jason Steed. The weapons and arms trail lead Jason to Istanbul, Turkey where he unearths the largest illegal weapon smuggling operations in the world. However, those involved in the lucrative business are determined to defend it at any cost. After he defeated their plans for global chaos, and Jason's true identity is discovered, he plunges once more into the face of death, and he finds himself face-to-face with someone he once trusted. Protection is on its way by royal intervention, but is it too late / WorldCat.
Tiivistelmä: Simultaneous encryption and distribution of IPV4 Multicast in two different encryption products.
Princess knight. Part 1
Security+ certification : textbook
Understanding and applying cryptography and data security
Security without obscurity : a guide to confidentiality, authentication, and integrity
