http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p548 personnel facilities
personnel facilities
Temporary employment and health
Effects of physical activity and fitness on the psychological wellbeing of young men and working adults : associations with stress, mental resources, overweight and workability
Restaurant operations management : principles and practices
Workplace by design : mapping the high-performance workscape
Job satisfaction and organisational commitment of hired workforce in restaurant X : - a case study
Customer satisfaction study of staffing service X
How do part-time employees perceive permanent employees most important motivation factors
Fitness management : a comprehensive resource for developing, leading, managing, and operating a successful health/fitness club
Applied foodservice sanitation
Nutrition and nutritional care of elderly people in Finnish nursing homes and hospitals
Principles of agribusiness management
Health at a glance 2011 : OECD indicators
Building for people in hospitals : workers and consumers
Advances in hospitality and leisure
Successful pubs and inns
Out of the shadows : managing self-employed agency and outsourced workers
Health statistics in the Nordic countries 2003 = Helsestatistik for de nordiske lande 2003
I Wish I Worked There!
As the relevance of human resources in organisations is widely acknowledged, job satisfaction and commitment are essential issues for managers to consider. Job satisfaction of the employees is important to improve performance. It is also beneficial for managers to retain the valuable employees in the company. Literature review covers our main topics-job satisfaction and organisational commitment. Also, labour turnover and retention will be discussed in theory due to their relevance to the main topics.  The main aim of this research is to pinpoint the elements of satisfaction and dissatisfaction of hired work force and to assess the level of their commitment to their work and restaurant X.   The empirical part of this thesis was of qualitative nature and was conducted by interviewing six hired employees of Restaurant X by asking open-ended questions with a semi-structured question basis. Interviews were conducted over a six-week period during November and December 2005. One of the authors is employed by Restaurant X so her observations were used as the secondary research method. The interview material was analysed by dividing data into categories and diving each category further based on the material. Finally, conclusions were made about the job satisfaction and commitment of the hired workforce of Restaurant X.  The research results suggest that the job satisfaction of the hired work force in restaurant X is fairly high. Main issues of job satisfaction were variety of work and a good social atmosphere. Issues that were causing dissatisfaction were to do with orientation and lack of clarity in tasks or positions.
Retaining temporary and part time personnel in the restaurant sector
Employment contracts, psychological contracts, and employee well-being : an international study
Staying well in an unstable world of work : prospective cohort study of the determinants of employee well-being
Security for business professionals : how to plan, implement, and manage your company's security program
Study guide to accompany Foodservice management fundamentals
Health at a glance : OECD indicators
The usage of temporary agencies' services by restaurant companies in Helsinki
Terveydenhuollon trendit 2004 = Trender inom hälsovården 2004 = Trends in health care 2004.
Contingent worker job satisfaction in hospitality : the case of agency workers in Finnish catering and restaurants
Age discrimination : an historical and contemporary analysis
Notwithstanding the fact that seasonality has always been salient to the hospitality industry, and an issue that presents human resources challenges to managers, it has resulted in the increased use of temporary labour and outsourcing, which is evident in Finland today, in the rise in the number of agencies renting this just-in-time catering and restaurant workforce. This use, increases organizational flexibility, buffers the salient hourly, daily and monthly seasonality of the industry but more importantly introduces cost cutting measures. The fact remains however, that temporary workers are regarded as dispensable resources, for whom there may be little or no concern. Further, neither local nor international research has specifically represented the temps in this sector and their attitudes to work.  The concern of this study therefore is the job satisfaction of temporary workers in hospitality. It investigates the unique issues involved, and sets out to gain an understanding of how those issues contribute to the job satisfaction of temporary workers.  Because this study argued against the generic approach to researching job satisfaction, a unique framework was developed, which comprised of characteristics isolated from three sources, two separate studies carried out in hospitality and temporary work, and the job characteristics model. This was in order to facilitate an integration of the domains of the study and the issues represented.   The characteristics were used as open-ended questions in a focus group interview manned by a sample of 6 workers employed in the field.  Their feelings about how the issues identified contributed to their job satisfaction, constituted the raw data used in the study.  The data collected was then displayed in a matrix format for analysis where each participant represented a single unit of analysis or separate case.  A cross-case analysis of the data exposed two levels of conclusions. This analysis, added to the general consensus of the group, showed an association of the characteristics to job satisfaction, however, more importantly it showed support for Quarstein's situational occurrences theory. Further analysis exposed metathemes, which were considered of overall importance to the issue of job satisfaction. One such metathemes and the most significant finding was the emergence of the issue of supervisors and co-workers as central to the issue of the job satisfaction of the participants.   The Implications of these main issues for hospitality and human resources practitioners are grounded in the need for fresh approaches to flexibilization and in an understanding and restating of the importance of the temp in hospitality as a front-line customer service provider and valued worker. Attention to the issues identified should foster the development of organizational, departmental and political policy to the cause of the temporary worker.
The traditional labour force is nowadays being partly replaced by a part-time work force. This means different kinds of employment contracts. The contract agreed between employer and employee may therefore not necessarily be a permanent one, in which an employee enjoys a regular monthly salary, paid seasonal vacations and pension. And whereas a lack of these common benefits may be shared among non-standard employment contracts, studies have shown this to be the reason why employers use temporary workforce.  The interest towards this research came from studying the statistical data and figures. The amount of temporary employees increased by 30 000 from 2001 to 2004. In the fall of 2006 some studies revealed that the public sector, at communal level, in Finland is also using temporary work force to a great extent. Some municipalities are almost entirely using temporary work force. In some communities it was as high as 94% of the work force that did not have permanent employment contracts.   The objective of the research was to find out how part-time employees perceive motivation factors, which are important to employees with permanent contracts. Also the voluntariness to work part-time was taken into a consideration in the report. A qualitative analysis was used in order to ascertain the results. The data was obtained by semi-structured interviews and then analysed with interpretational analysis. Writing the thesis started in May 2004 and it was finished in October 2006.   The results describe the part-time employees' perceptions towards the motivation factors as well as the matter of voluntariness and its importance. It became obvious that working part-time voluntarily and involuntarily should be considered as two diverse issues since the perception towards work varies depending on this matter.  Economical rewards as a motivation factor are important but according to the results job security is the most important factor.
Foodservice management : principles and practices
Space to work : new office design
Introduction to foodservice
A labor leasing company's possibilities to succeed in leasing blue collars in the Oulu region : case : Eilakaisla
Emergency response planning : for corporate and municipal managers
Dimensions of the hospitality industry
Sustainability unpacked : food, energy and water for resilient environments and societies
Off-premise catering management
Working in Silicon Valley : economic and legal analysis of a high-velocity labor market
Foodservice systems administration
Hospital facilities as work environments : evaluation studies in the operating, radiology, and emergency departments in seven Finnish general hospitals
Facilities management : the dynamics of excellence
A comparative study on challenges in the psychosocial work environment of Finnish and foreign-born general practitioners
