http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5484 Noctuidae
Noctuidae
Agrotis iremeli sp. n. from the southern Ural Mountains, with description of the larval stage (Lepidoptera:  Noctuidae)
Molecular systematics of Noctuoidea (Insecta, Lepidoptera)
Familiar moths of Maryland : families Saturniidae and Ceratocampidae
Excellent book series on European Noctuid larvae
Noctuoidea (Lepidoptera) from Cyprus with descriptions of larvae of some species
Population densities and diversity of Noctuidae (Lepidoptera) along an air pollution gradient on the Kola Peninsula, Russia
Noctuidae Europaeae. 13, Lymantriinae and Arctiinae ; Including phylogeny and check list of the quadrifid Noctuoidea of Europe
The larva of Autographa buraetica (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae)
Ecological traits as determinants of extinction risk and distribution change in Lepidoptera
Moths of Nepal. Part 3
Summary: Flight periods and abundance of the 20 most abundant and 10 other species collected by light traps at Kevo, Finnish Lapland, are presented in figures and discussed...
Apamea yunnana sp.n. (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae) from northern Yunnan, China
Description of the female of Hyptioxesta magadanica, with notes on the occurrence of H. magadanica and H. penthima adults (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae)
Description of the larva of Xestia atrata (Morrison, 1874) (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae) with notes on the biology of the species
Noctuidae Europaeae. 12, Rivulinae, Boletobiinae, Hypenoidinae, Araeopteroninae, Eublemminae, Herminiinae, Hypeninae, Phytometrinae, Euteliinae, and Micronoctuidae ; Including supplement to volumes 1-11
A catalogue of the moths of India. Part 1-7, Sphinges. Bombyces. Noctues, Pseudo-Deltoides, and Deltoides. Geometrites. Crambites, Tortrices, and addenda. Index, &c
The stem borer Busseola fusca (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae) on sorghum in the highland of Eritrea : ecology and management
Flight periods and abundance of some moths caught by light traps in subarctic Finnish Lapland, 1972-78
Hada skraelingia (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae) finds from Finland and description of the genitalia
Immature stages of Polymixis aphrodite Fibiger, 1997 (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae)
Notes on the moth fauna (Lepidoptera) in the Finnish Green belt zone as indicated by bait traps
Population biology of periodic Xestia moths
Mites of moths and butterflies
Description of the larva of Cucullia mixta (Freyer) (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae)
Pheromone-mediated mating system in a moth species
Noctuidae Europaeae. 11, Pantheinae, Dilopinae, Acronictinae, Eustrotiinae, Nolinae, Bagisarinae, Acontiinae, Metoponiinae, Heliothinae and Bryophilinae
Red admirals Vanessa atalanta (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae) select northern winds on southward migration
Host-parasitoid dynamics in periodic boreal moths
Fluctuation patterns of different developmental stages of Helicoverpa armigera (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae) on chickpea (Cicer arietinum) and their relationship with the environment
Systematics and biology of the genus Macrocneme Hübner (Lepidoptera: Ctenuchidae)
Colour identification guide to moths of the British Isles : (Macrolepidoptera)
Pohjoisen Euroopan yökkösten toukat = Larvae of northern European Noctuidae. Vol. 2
Field experiments on the effects of pollution at Kevo Subarctic Research Station
Host selection behavior of Helocoverpa armigera : summary proceedings of the 1st Consultative Group meeting, 5-7 March 1990, ICRISAT Center
Taxonomy and zoogeography of some arctic Noctuidae (Lepidoptera), with descriptions of three new species and one new subspecies
Moths of Nepal. Part 4
Evolution of mate signalling in moths : biosynthetic gene families and diversification of female sex pheromones
Larvae of owlet moths (Noctuidae) : biology, morphology, and classification
The effects of experience on host acceptance in ovipositing moths
Pohjoisen Euroopan yökkösten toukat = Larvae of Northern European Noctuidae. Vol. 1
Noctuidae Sibiricae. Vol. 1, An annotated check list of the Noctuidae (s.l.) (Lepidoptera, Noctuoidea: Nolidae, Erebidae, Micronoctudiae, Noctuidae) of the Asian part of Russia and the Ural region
Plant-herbivore interaction in a fragmented landscape : local adaptation and inbreeding
Moths of Nepal. Part 6
Electronic tool for Noctuidae identification
Moths of Nepal. Part 5
