http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5489 parent language
parent language
Indo-European and the Indo-Europeans : a reconstruction and historical analysis of a proto-language and a proto-culture. Pt. 1, The text
Comments to the plenary presentation "Finnic affinity" by Tiit-Rein Viitso
The Uralic-Yukaghir lexical correspondences : genetic inheritance, language contact or chance resemblance?
Formation of the Indo-European and Uralic (Finno-Ugric) language families in the light of archaeology : revised and integrated 'total' correlations
Proto-Germanic
The grown-up siblings: history and functions of Western Uralic *kse
Introduction. Book I: SQL Concepts. Chapter 1: Understanding Relational Databases. Chapter 2: Modeling a System. Chapter 3: Getting to Know SQL. Chapter 4: SQL and the Relational Model. Chapter 5: Knowing the Major Components of SQL. Chapter 6: Drilling Down to the SQL Nitty-Gritty. Book II: Relational Database Development. Chapter 1: System Development Overview. Chapter 2: Building a Database Model. Chapter 3: Balancing Performance and Correctness. Chapter 4: Creating a Database with SQL. Book III: SQL Queries. Chapter 1: Values, Variables, Functions, and Expressions. Chapter 2: SELECT Statements and Modifying Clauses. Chapter 3: Querying Multiple Tables with Subqueries. Chapter 4: Querying Multiple Tables with Relational Operators. Chapter 5: Cursors. Book IV: Data Security. Chapter 1: Protecting Against Hardware Failure and External Threats. Chapter 2: Protecting Against User Errors and Conflicts. Chapter 3: Assigning Access Privileges. Chapter 4: Error Handling. Book V: SQL and Programming. Chapter 1: Database Development Environments. Chapter 2: Interfacing SQL to a Procedural Language. Chapter 3: Using SQL in an Application Program. Chapter 4: Designing a Sample Application. Chapter 5: Building an Application. Chapter 6: Understanding SQL's Procedural Capabilities. Chapter 7: Connecting SQL to a Remote Database. Book VI: SQL and XML. Chapter 1: Using XML with SQL. Chapter 2: Storing XML Data in SQL Tables. Chapter 3: Retrieving Data from XML Documents. Book VII: Database Tuning Overview. Chapter 1: Tuning the Database. Chapter 2: Tuning the Environment. Chapter 3: Finding and Eliminating Bottlenecks. Book VIII: Appendices. Appendix A: SQL:2008 Reserved Words. Appendix B: Glossary. Index.
Beginning PHP and MySQL : from novice to professional
The Proto-Slavic word-initial x-
Indo-European and the Indo-Europeans : a reconstruction and historical analysis of a proto-language and a proto-culture. Pt. 2, Bibliography, indexes
SQL : the complete reference
System PIE : the primary phoneme inventory and sound law system for Proto-Indo-European
Nostratic, Dene-Caucasian, Austric and Amerind : materials from the First International Interdisciplinary Symposium on Language and Prehistory, Ann Arbor, 8-12 November, 1988
Greater Anatolia and the Indo-Hittite language family : papers presented at a colloquium hosted by the University of Richmond, March 18-19, 2000
The search for the perfect language
The practical SQL handbook : using SQL variants
Discovering SQL : a hands-on guide for beginners
Proto-Uralic - what, where, and when?
Emergence, contacts and dispersal of Proto-Indo-European, Proto-Uralic and Proto-Aryan in archaelogical perspective
The Development of an Educational Material Search And Visualization System Based on Databases
Evidence for the Minoan language
Sams teach yourself SQL in 10 minutes
Pro Oracle SQL
The practical SQL handbook : using structured query language
Proto Finno-Ugric sources of the Hungarian phonetic stock
The Baltic sea prosodic area revisited
SQL for dummies
Interpreters at Terminology Work: Views to Professional Development, Language Policy and Language Management
On the ancestors of Lapps and Finnic peoples
Defensive database programming with SQL server
High performance MySQL
The genesis of grammar : a reconstruction
The languages of the world
Exploiting the international corpus of learner English (ICLE)
Internal reconstruction in Indo-European : methods, results, and problems : section papers from the XVI International Conference on Historical Linguistics, University of Copenhagen, 11th-15th August, 2003
The earliest Proto-Indo-European - Proto-Uralic contacts : an upper palaeolithic model
Theoretical bases of Indo-European linguistics
Simply SQL
The Indo-Uralic verb
Posti's superstrate theory at the threshold of the new millenium
The treatment of initial *l- in Proto-Samoyed
The Oxford introduction to Proto-Indo-European and the Proto-Indo-European world
The art of SQL
Reversing language shift : theoretical and empirical foundations of assistance to threatened languages
On the ancestors of Lapps (Saamis) and Finnic peoples
SQL all-in-one for dummies
Comments on Eugene Helimski's paper "Proto-Uralic gradation : continuation and traces"
Proto Indo-European
Case structures in the northern Eurasian languages
The quasquicentennial of the Finno-Ugrian Society
Slavic prosody : language change and phonological theory
Proto-Uralic vocalism revisited : evidence from centre and circumference
Phol, Balder, and the birth of Germanic
Comments to the plenary presentation "Reconstructing Pre-Proto-Uralic typology spanning the millennia of linguistic evolution" by Juha Janhunen
The common Finno-Ugric language : 4000 B.C - 3000 B.C : worksheet edition
The development of Uralic conjugation
Gender in Indo-European
Phonetic Uralisms in Indo-European?
The Uralic-Yukaghir lexical correspondences: genetic inheritance, language contact or chance resemblance?
Pro Access 2010 development
Proto-phonotactics : phonotactic investigation of the PU and PFU consonant system : (on the basis of the Uralisches etymologisches Wörterbuch)
The Uralic and Finno-Ugric phonetic substratum in Proto-Germanic
Building web application : case Abetec
Relational Database Design Clearly Explained
Reductive and generative approaches to morphological variation of keywords in monolingual information retrieval
On the convergence of the genitive and accusative cases in languages of the Ural-Altaic type
The Finnic  ́secondary e-stems ̀ and Proto-Uralic vocalism
The non-initial-syllable vowel reductions from Proto-Uralic to Proto-Finnic
Early Indo-Uralic linguistic relationships : real kinship and imagined contacts
From Proto-Indo-European to Proto-Germanic
The archaeology of protohistoric Central Asia and the problems of identifying Indo-European and Uralic-Speaking population
On Finnic long vowels, Samoyed vowel sequences, and Proto-Uralic *x
Main language shifts in the Uralic language group
ValTer2 and ForesTer : From a relational term bank to hypertext on the Web
Understanding relational database query languages
Case structures in the languages of Northern Eurasia
j in Sayan-Samoyed temporal suffixes
Reconstructing languages and cultures
Primary verbs from Finno-Ugric Proto-language to modern Hungarian : typological observations
The earliest contacts between Indo-European and Uralic speakers in the light of lexical loans
The Baltic sea prosodic area revisited : comments
The Uralic protolanguage : a comprehensive reconstruction
How (non-)Indo-European is the Germanic lexicon? : ... And what does that mean?
A companion to digital humanities
Proto-Uralic gradiation : continuation and traces
A survey of Proto-Indo-European
The evolution of human language : scenarios, principles, and cultural dynamics
Linguistic reconstruction : an introduction to theory and method
An introduction to Proto-Indo-European and the early Indo-European languages
Prehistoric Finno-Ugric culture in the light of historical lexicology
Introduction to Windows Azure : an introduction to cloud computing using Microsoft Windows Azure
On Proto-Ugric phonotactics
Summary.
Finnic affinity
Syllable structure rules in Proto-Ob-Ugric
The problem of Samoyed origins in the light of archaeology : on the formation and dispersal of East Uralic (Proto-Ugro-Samoyed)
Early contacts between Uralic and Yukaghir
PostgreSQL 9 administration cookbook : solve real-world PostgreSQL problems with over 100 simple yet incredibly effective recipes
A handbook of Germanic etymology
Processing business data and statistics from IBM WebSphere commerce
Grammaticalization processes in Finnic : the passive
Traces of pre-proto-Uralic nasals and nasals prosodies
The grown-up siblings : history and functions of Western Uralic *kse
Indo-Uralic and Ural-Altaic : On the diachronic implications of areal typology
Language & species
PHP and MySQL: 24-Hour Trainer
Pre-Indo-European
Languages in the Prehistoric Baltic Sea Region
An Evaluation of DB2 Express-C pureXML Feature Pack
Sams teach yourself SQL in 24 hours
Indo-European and the Indo-Europeans : a reconstruction and historical analysis of a proto-language and a proto-culture. Part 2, Bibliography, Indexes
Where do words come from?
Reconstructing Proto-Afroasiatic (Proto-Afrasian) : vowels, tone, consonants, and vocabulary
Considerations concerning the reconstrution of the proto-Uralic word for 'eye'
Abstract: The Development of an Educational Material Search And Visualization System Based on Databases.
Five issues in five minutes as a reaction against the tradiotionalists.Comments on the plenary presentation "Urheimat und Grundsprache (Wissenschaftliche Hypothesen und unwissenschaftliche Fehlgriffe)" by Rédei Károly
The language of Adam = Die Sprache Adams
The proto-Uralic wordstock - analysed by computer (on the basis of Uralisches Etymologisches Wörterbuch)
A linguistic map of prehistoric Northern Europe
Dictionary-based cross-language information retrieval : principles, system design and evaluation
The grouping of the Lapp dialects as a problem of historical linguistics
How many Proto-Uralic words
An essay on Saami ethnolinguistic prehistory
Early Proto-Finnic
An essay on substrate studies and the origin of Saami
A guide to the standard database language provides information on ways to create, access, and manipulate data and introduces such concepts as data modeling, query tuning, and optimization.
Comparative Slavic nominal morphology : a new synthesis
Natural language communication with pictorial information systems
Logical extensions of relational databases
Beginning database design solutions
Comparable corpora in cross-language information retrieval
Place-adverbs and the development of Proto-Germanic long *−e in early West  Germanic
