http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5490 kinship between languages
kinship between languages
The Uralic language family : facts, myths and statistics
The Uralic-Yukaghir lexical correspondences : genetic inheritance, language contact or chance resemblance?
Friends and false friends : a dictionary of "false friends" between Polish and Russian with an English translation of all entries
On classifying the Finno-ugric languages
Related languages
Uralic languages and linguistics : study aid for undergraduate students
Language and roots
The Mordvinic languages between bush and tree : a historical reappraisal
Egyptin hieroglyfien yhteyksiä Euroopan vanhoihin kieliin = The relation of Egyptian hieroglyphics to old European languages
The yearbook of South Asian languages and linguistics 2001 : Tokyo Symposium on South Asian Languages Contact, Convergence and Typology
The languages of the 'first nations' : comparison of native American languages from ethnolinguistic perspective
The "Ugric-Turkic battle" : a critical survey
Geschichte und Typologie der Sprachsysteme = History and typology of language systems
Dravidian linguistics : an introduction
Linguistic diversity
Classification and index of the world's languages
An introduction to the study of the Slavonic languages. Vol. 2
The genetic relationship of the Ainu language
Phylogenetic methods and the prehistory of languages
The Palgrave handbook of Slavic languages, identities and borders
On classifying the Finno-Ugric languages
Eastern and Southern African Khoisan : evaluating claims in distant linguistic relationships
Lexical affinities between Tamil and Finnish : a supplement
Defining the indefinable : delimiting Hindi
Our otherness : Finno-Ugrian approaches to women's studies, or vice versa
Historical Linguistics 2011 : selected papers from the 20th International Conference on Historical Linguistics, Osaka, 25-30 July 2011
Origins, ancestry and alliance : explorations in Austronesian ethnography
The Austronesian languages
Europeanness, European identity and the role of language : giving profile to an anthropological infrastructure
Athapaskan linguistics : current perspectives on a language family
Comments on Pekka Sammallahti's paper "Language and roots"
English abstracts.
Grammatical proof of the affinity of the Hungarian language with languages of Fennic origin
Les langues ouraliennes aujourd'hui : approche linguistique et cognitive = The Uralic languages today : a linguistic and cognitive approach
Nihon go to Hangarī go wa shinrui kankei ni aru ka = Are Japanese and Hungarian related?
Where do words come from?
Austroasiatic linguistics : proceedings of Third International Conference of Austroasiatic Linguistics, 26-28 November 2007
Papers in Austronesian linguistics. N:o 5
Breakthrough in present-day uralistics
Areal diffusion and genetic inheritance : problems in comparative linguistics
On the genesis of Votian
There is nothing wrong with the comparative method : Part two
Areal and genetic factors in language classification and description : Africa south of the Sahara
Sprung from some common source : investigations into the prehistory of languages
The nostratic macrofamily and linguistic palaeontology
Lexical affinities between Tamil and Finnish : a contribution to Nostratic studies from the angle of close genetic affinities between the Dravidian and Uralic language families
Linguistic palaeotology : science or fiction? A case study within Uralic
From Indus to Sanskrit. Part two
Prehistory of the Uralians (Finno-Ugrians) and archaeology
India & Russia : linguistic & cultural affinity
Between distinction & extinction : the harmonisation and standardisation of African languages
1000 Duraljan etyma : an extended study in the lexical similarities in the major agglutinative languages
On the origin of Uralic languages
Main language shifts in the Uralic language group
The roots of ancient Europe and the Indo-European loans in Finno-Ugric
Friends and relatives : Finnish-Hungarian cultural relations
From Indus to Sanskrit. Part three
Language classification : history and method
Manchuria : an ethnic history
The unfolding of language : an evoluonary tour of mankind's greatest invention
The atlas of languages : the origin and development of languages throughout the world
A new theory on the genesis of the Finnish language
(M)ilyenek a finnek? : : Finnország magyar szemmel : kiállitás a Néprajzi Múzeumban 2009. június 28. - 2010. november 28. : katalógus = How we see the Finns? : Finland: a Hungarian perspective : exhibition at the Museum of Ethnography 28 June - 28 November 2010 : catalogue
From Indus to Sanskrit. Part one
Iso karhu : arkistokuvia etäisten kielisukulaistemme asuinsijoilta = The great bear : old photographs of the Volga-Finnic, Permian Finnic and Ob-Ugrian peoples
Worrorran revisited : the case for genetic relations among languages of the Northern Kimberley region of Western Australia
The discovery of Indus
The unfolding of language : the evolution of mankind's greatest invention
Nostratic, Dene-Caucasian, Austric and Amerind : materials from the First International Interdisciplinary Symposium on Language and Prehistory, Ann Arbor, 8-12 November, 1988
Is Japanese related to the Altaic languages? ; Etymological index of Japanese
From the 'Language family tree' to the 'Tangled Web of languages'
Duraljan hypothesis: towards the mother tongue of man : six articles and some reviews around the Duraljan hypothesis
Contributed articles presented in the Third International Conference of Austroasiatic Linguistics, held during 26-28 November 2007, at Deccan College, Pune.
The role of Uralic studies in finding the origins of Japanese
Language : introductory readings
The Uralic-Yukaghiric connection revisited : sound correspondences of geminate clusters
Seventy years of Khitan small script studies
The 'pragmareal' challenge to genetic language tree models
North-European populations and languages
Language replacement in the first millenium B.C. in Scandinavia
A new atlas on the origins and early history of the Europeans. 1, General questions
The uralic language family : facts, myths and statistics
Essay on archaeology and languages in the Western end of the Uralic zone
The story of supposed Hebrew-Finnish affinity : a chapter in the history of comparative linguistics
Archaeology and languages in prehistoric Northern Eurasia
Kinship terms and terms of endearment as forms of adress in contemporary English : an exploratory study on age-, sex- and mood-related variation in their usage
A historical-comparative reconstruction of Nilo-Saharan
On the origins of the Finnic languages
Indo-European dispersals and the agricultural transition in Northern Europe : culture, genes and language
Indonezijcy i ih sosedi : Festschrift E. V. Revunenkovoj i A. K. Ogloblinu = Indonesians and their neighbours : Festschrift for Elena V. Revunenkova and Alexander K. Ogloblin
Examining the farming/language dispersal hypothesis
Reconstructing Pre-Proto-Uralic typology : spanning the millennia of linguistic evolution
Who are the Finns?
Finnic adpositions and cases in change
Nostratic : sifting the evidence
Continuing toward Nostratic
The origin of language : tracing the evolution of the mother tongue
Early Indo-Uralic linguistic relationships : real kinship and imagined contacts
Castrenianum : the centre of research into Finnish and its related languages
A spade is always a spade : comment on the 'pragmareal' challenge to genetic language tree models
The linguistic affinity of the Volgaic Finno-Ugrians and their ethnogenesis : (early 4th millenium BC-late 1st millenium AD)
Sumerian and Proto-Duraljan : a lexical comparison concerning the Suduraljan hypothesis
Indo-Uralic and Ural-Altaic : On the diachronic implications of areal typology
The Eskimo-Uralic hypothesis
Network analysis of vocabulary lists
An introduction to Proto-Indo-European and the early Indo-European languages
Formation of the Indo-European and Uralic (Finno-Ugric) language families in the light of archaeology : revised and integrated 'total' correlations
Pushto-Dravidian affinities : Proto-Indus linguistic-economic area
Nganasan as a knot of contradictions : evidence for substrate and cognate
An introduction to the study of the Slavonic languages
The Uralic-Yukaghir lexical correspondences: genetic inheritance, language contact or chance resemblance?
Classifying the Austroasiatic languages : history and state of the art
Duraljan vocabulary : lexical similarities in the major agglutinative languages
Contact-induced perspectives in Uralic linguistics
Comparative Eskimo dictionary : with Aleut cognates
The truth about Strahlenberg's classification of the languages of Northeastern Eurasia
