http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5509 feminist theology
feminist theology
Introducing Asian feminist theology
Disruptive Christian ethics : when racism and women's lives matter
Ecotheology : voices from South and North
Holy texts : authority and language = Heilige Texte : Autorität und Sprache = Texte sacrés : autorité et langue
Controversies in body theology
Anti-Judaism in feminist religious writings
SCM studyguide to christian ethics
Noli me tangere : Mary Magdalene : one person, many images
African women, HIV/AIDS, and faith communities
A just & true love : feminism at the frontiers of theological ethics : essays in honor of Margaret A. Farley
Sources and resources of feminist theologies = Quellen feministischer Theologien = Sources et resources des théologies féministes
The church and the second sex : with the feminist postchristian introduction and new archaic afterwords by the author
Listen to the women! : listen to the earth!
Sharing the Word of Hope with the World = Compartiendo la Palabra de la Esperanza en el Mundo = Das Wort der Hoffnung mit der Welt teilen
Feminist and womanist pastoral theology
Introducing body theology
Transforming grace : Christian tradition and women's experience
Catholic and feminist : the surprising history of the American Catholic feminist movement
Under the tree of life : the religion of a feminist Christian
Requiem : a lament in three movements
The church and the second sex : with the Feminist Postchirstian Introduction and New Archaic Afterwords by the Author
"This innovative volume highlights the relevance of globalization and the insights of gender studies and religious studies for feminist theology. Beginning with a discussion of position of the discipline at the turn of the twenty-first century, the handbook seeks to present an inclusive account of feminist theology in the early twenty-first century that acknowledges the reflection of women on religion beyond the global North and its forms of Christianity. Globalization is taken as the central theme, as the foremost characteristic of the context in which we do feminist theology today. The volume traces the impacts of globalization on gender and religion in specific geographical contexts, describing the implications for feminist theological thinking. A final section explores the changing contents of the field, moving towards new models of theology, distinct from both the structure and language of traditional Christian systematic theology and the forms of secular feminism. The handbook draws on material from every populated continent, with chapters provided by a diverse team of international scholars"--
How did a religion whose founding proponents advocated a shocking disregard of earthly ties come to extol the virtues of the "traditional" family? In this richly textured history of the relationship between Christianity and the family Rosemary Radford Ruether traces the development of these centerpieces of modern life to reveal the misconceptions at the heart of the "family values" debate.
Scandinavian critique of Anglo-American feminist theology = Skandinavische Kritik angloamerikanischer feministischer Theologie = Critique scandinave de la théologie féministe anglo-américaine
Religion, ecology & gender: East-West perspectives
Christian feminist theology : a constructive interpretation
Black theology of liberation
A question of sex? : gender and difference in the Hebrew Bible and beyond
Our Lady of Guadalupe : faith and empowerment among Mexican-American women
Love does no harm : sexual ethics for the rest of us
Feminist theology : listening, understandin and responding in a secular and plural world = La teología feminista : escuchar, comprender y responder en un mundo secular y plural = Feministische Theologie : zuhören, verstehen und antworten in einer säkularen und vielfältigen Welt
"Sexual Pollution in the Hebrew Bible examines the Hebrew Bible's use of pollution language to characterize sexual relationships. Eva Feinstein argues that descriptions of female pollution reflect a view of women as sexual property, while descriptions of male pollution relate to Israel's holiness. The book enables a more thorough understanding of sexual pollution, its particular characteristics, and the role that it plays in biblical literature"--
Women and interreligious dialogue
Women and Peter in Matthew : feminist perspective
Creation and salvation. Vol. 2, A companion on recent theological movements
Marxist feminist criticism of the Bible
A black theology of liberation
Contemporary encounters in gender and religion : European perspectives
Indecent theology : theological perversions in sex, gender and politics
Opting for the margins : postmodernity and liberation in Christian theology
Marks of his wounds : gender politics and bodily resurrection
To what extent has the emergence of the study of religion in Western culture been gendered? In this exciting book, Grace Jantzen proposes a new philosophy of religion from a feminist perspective. Hers is a vital and significant contribution which will be essential reading in the study of religion.
Christian theology in practice : discovering a discipline
New Catholic feminism : theology and theory
The good news of the body : sexual theology and feminism
"Though women have been objects more often than subjects of interreligious dialogue, they have nevertheless contributed in significant ways to the dialogue, just as the dialogue has also contributed to their own self-understanding. This volume, the fifth in the Interreligious Dialogue Series, brings together historical, critical, and constructive approaches to the role of women in the dialogue between religions. These approaches deal with concrete examples of women's involvement in dialogue, critical reflections on the representation of women in dialogue, and the important question of what women might bring to the dialogue. Together, they open up new avenues for reflection on the nature and purpose of interreligious dialogue."--Page 4 of cover.
Still flowing : woman, God and church
Wholly woman, holy blood : a feminist critique of purity and impurity
Building bridges in a multifaceted Europe : religious origins, traditions, contexts and identities = Brücken bauen in einem vielgestaltigen Europa : religiöse Ursprünge, Traditionen, Kontexte und Identitäten = Construire des ponts dans une Europe multiforme : origines, traditions, contexts et identités religieux
Frontiers in Catholic feminist theology : shoulder to shoulder
In memory of her : a feminist theological reconstruction of Christian origins
Bread not stone : the challenge of feminist biblical interpretation
Swallowing a fishbone? : Feminist theologians debate Christianity
Essays in feminist ethics
Introducing feminist ecclesiology
Talitha cum! : theologies of African women
Many feminists today are challenging the outmoded aspects of both the conventions and the study of religion in radical ways. Canadian feminists are no exception. Gender, Genre and Religion is the outcome of a research network of leading women scholars organized to survey the contribution of Canadian women working in the field of religious studies and, further, to “plot the path forward.” This collection of their essays covers most of the major religious traditions and offers exciting suggestions as to how religious traditions will change as women take on more central roles. Feminist theories have been used by all contributors as a springboard to show that the assumptions of unified monolithic religions and their respective canons is a fabrication created by a scholarship based on male privilege. Using gender and genre as analytical tools, the essays reflect a diversity of approaches and open up new ways of reading sacred texts. Superb essays by Pamela Dickey Young, Winnie Tomm, Morny Joy and Marsha Hewitt, among others, honour the first generation of feminist theologians and situate the current generation, showing how they have learned from and gone beyond their predecessors. The sensitive and original essays in Gender, Genre and Religion will be of interest to feminist scholars and to anyone teaching women and religion courses.
A feminist companion to Patristic literature
Christology from the margins
Mary, mother of God, mother of the poor
Dictionary of feminist theologies
Liberation theologies : the global pursuit of justice
Feminism and Christianity : questions and answers in the third wave
Resisting indignity : a feminist disability theology
One of the world's leading feminist theologians demonstrates how reading the Bible can be spiritually and politically empowering for women.
God's power : traditional understandings and contemporary challenges
Christology in cultural perspective : marking out the horizons
Women in the priesthood? : a systematic analysis in the light of the order of creation and redemption
Feminism and theology
The gestures of God : explorations in sacramentality
Walk in the ways of wisdom : essays in honor of Elisabeth Schüssler Fiorenza
Death and desire : the rhetoric of gender in the Apocalypse of John
Sexual pollution in the Hebrew Bible
Feminist theology from the third world : a reader
Limits of liberation : praxis as method in Latin American liberation theology and feminist theology
Philosophy, feminism, and faith
Compassionate and free : an Asian woman's theology
Women and the word of God : a response to biblical feminism
The meaning of gender in theology : problems and possibilities
The widow traditions in Luke-Acts : a feminist-critical scrutiny
Women, ritual, and liturgy = Ritual und Liturgie von Frauen = Femmes, la liturgie et le rituel
The Bible after Babel : historical criticism in a postmodern age
The strength of the weak : toward a Christian feminst identity
Defecting in place : women claiming resposibility for their own spiritual lives
Feminist ethics and the Catholic moral tradition
Sharing her word : feminist biblical interpretation in context
Women's Bible commentary
The 16th conference of the ESWTR, held in Crete, took place in the midst of the European financial and banking crisis in Greece and the beginning of the challenge of refugees. In this yearbook, female scholars reflect on the current political situation in Europe in the light of Hope. The fact that the conference took place in Greece gave a unique chance to women from Southern and Eastern countries in Europe to participate. The articles in this yearbook not only highlight the aspects of the hostile relations that human beings developed towards each other, they analyze very sharply the reactionary and misogynic politics in Europe nowadays. The role of women in the dissemination of the hopeful biblical message, their social involvement as well as their engagement in the transformation of this world, is a main focus in the relevant theological discussion.
The in-between is often considered as a bare and infertile space. To venture into the borderland between two states, for example, can be fatal; it is a lawless area, threatening and chaotic, hostile to human well-being and flourishing. Yet recent postcolonial and queer studies have increased awareness of the positive aspects of the in-between: borders also provide spaces for negotiation, interconnection and transgression and for articulations of identities and differences. Like bridges, borders emphasize difference and distance, but also connection. The interest and aim of this volume is to explore the in-between space in its positive and negative, challenging and limiting aspects with regard to issues of gender from the perspective of theology and the study of religions. The articles collected here discuss the in-between with regard to generational shifts, religious traditions, queer identities, biblical interpretations and translations, and thus provide insight into the many-fold understandings of the in-between and its application as a category of reflection and analysis.
This is the first of a set of three volumes reviewing the progress of feminist Hebrew Bible scholarship over the last 40 years. In it, fourteen essayists focus on the feminist work on each of the biblical books. Each essay explores the range and depth of feminist exegesis, presents substantial yet easily digestible trends, preferences and perspectives in feminist scholarship, and demonstrates that feminist biblical approaches are not monolithic but diverse in feminist conviction, hermeneutics and method. The result of this collaborative task is a comprehensive though selective survey, which includes suggestions for future feminist engagement. What feminist biblical scholarship has accomplished during the past forty years is no small feat. But it becomes clear from this volume that much remains to be done in the pursuit of dismantling structures of gender domination in Hebrew Bible exegesis and beyond.
Study of religion and feminist theory: dialogue or silence?
An intercultural theology of migration : pilgrims in the wilderness
Text, Church and world : biblical interpretation in theological perspective
Touching our strength : the erotic as power and the love of God
Feminist interpretation of the Bible and the hermeneutics of liberation
The Book of Revelation : a vision of the ultimate liberation or the ultimate backlash? : A study in 20th century interpretations of Rev 14:1-5 wit special emphasis on feminist exegesis
This is our story : Free Church women's ministry
A feminist companion to Mark
"The concepts of purity and pollution are fundamental to the worldview reflected in the Hebrew Bible yet the ways that biblical texts apply these concepts to sexual relationships remain largely overlooked. Sexual Pollution in the Hebrew Bible argues that the concept of pollution is rooted in disgust and that pollution language applied to sexual relations expresses a sense of bodily contamination resulting from revulsion. Most texts in the Hebrew Bible that use pollution language in sexual contexts reflect a conception of women as sexual property susceptible to being "ruined" for particular men through contamination by others. In contrast, the Holiness legislation of the Pentateuch applies pollution language to men who engage in transgressive sexual relations, conveying the idea that male bodily purity is a prerequisite for individual and communal holiness.Sexual transgressions contaminate the male body and ultimately result in exile when the land vomits out its inhabitants. The Holiness legislation's conception of sexual pollution, which is found in Leviticus 18, had a profound impact on later texts. In the book of Ezekiel, it contributes to a broader conception of pollution resulting from Israel's sins, which led to the Babylonian exile. In the book of Ezra, it figures in a view of the Israelite community as a body of males contaminated by foreign women. Yet the idea of female pollution rooted in a view of women as sexual property persisted alongside the idea of male pollution as an impediment to holiness. Eva Feinstein illuminates why the idea of pollution adheres to particular domains of experience, including sex, death, and certain types of infirmity. Sexual Pollution in the Hebrew Bible allows for a more thorough understanding of sexual pollution, its particular characteristics, and the role that it plays in biblical literature"--
The power of naming : a Concilium reader in feminist liberation theology
Controversies in feminist theology
Introduction
A theology of women ́s priesthood
But she said : feminist practices of biblical interpretation
In-between spaces : creative possibilities for theologies of gender = Entre espacios : propuestas creativas para las teologias de género = Zwischenräume : Kreative Möglichkeiten für Gender-Theologien
The HIV & AIDS bible : selected essays
The end of liberation? Liberation in the end! : feminist theory, feminist theology, and their political implications = Befreiung am Ende? Am Ende Befreiung! : feministische Theorie, feministische Theologie und die politischen Implikationen = Le libération, est-elle à sa fin? Enfin la libération! : théorie féministe, théologie féministe, et les implications politiques
The role of women in ministry today
Powers and submissions : spirituality, philosophy, and gender
Horizons in feminist theology : identity, tradition and norms
Feminist theology/Christian theology : in search of method
From Argentina to Zimbabwe, international Catholic scholars highlight the changing face and color of feminist theological discourse and recognize innovative research in the field, facilitating a global conversation among feminists engaged in theological ethics in the world church.
Daughters of Anowa : African women and patriarchy
Mary of Magdala : apostle and leader
A feminist companion to the New Testament Apocrypha
Motherhood and love : beyond the gendered stereotypes of theology
Feminist Christian encounters : the methods and strategies of feminist informed Christian theologies
Theological women's studies in southern Europe = Theologische Frauenforschung in Südeuropa = Recherche théologique des femmes en Europe Méridionale
The feminist question : feminist theology in the light of Christian tradition
On the cutting edge : the study of women in biblical worlds : essays in honor of Elisabeth Schüssler Fiorenza
Because of Beauvoir : Christianity and the cultivation of female genius
Interpreting the postmodern : responses to "radical orthodoxy"
Readings in ecology and feminist theology
Theology and feminism
The fat Jesus : feminist explorations in boundaries and transgressions
Korean feminists in conversation with the Bible, church and society
Transforming visions : explorations in feminist the*logy
Feminist perspectives on Jewish studies
An A to Z of feminist theology
Between woman, man, and God : a new interpretation of the ten commandments
Rhetoric and ethic : the politics of biblical studies
Feminist spirituality : an introduction to feminist theology in Judaism, Christianity, Islam and feminist goddess worship
Oneness : a theology of women's religious experiences
Becoming divine : towards a feminist philosophy of religion
Experiences in theology : ways and forms of Christian theology
We will not hang our harps on the willows : engagement and spirituality
Struggle to be the sun again : introducing Asian women's theology
Theologische Frauenforschung in Mittel-Ost-Europa = Theological women's studies in central/eastern Europe = Recherche théologique des femmes en Europe orientale et centrale
Ancient laws and contemporary controversies : the need for inclusive interpretation
Women's spirituality : resources for Christian development
Dancing theology in fetish boots : essays in honour of Marcella Althaus-Reid
Sexism and God-talk : towards a feminist theology
Feminist Catholic theological ethics : conversations in the world church
Feminist perspectives in pastoral theology = Feministische Perspektiven in Pastoraltheologie = Des perspectives féministes en théologie pastorale
Embodying feminist liberation theologies
Sanctifying misandry : goddess ideology and the Fall of Man
The gospel according to Twilight : women, sex, and God
On reading prophetic texts : gender-specific and related studies in memory of Fokkelien van Dijk-Hemmes
Wrestling with God = En lucha con Dios = Ringen mit Gott
"Readership Students and scholars of feminist theology; of gender studies; of global religions; of the sociology of religion Short Description This volume highlights the relevance of globalization and the insights of gender studies and religious studies for feminist theology. It focuses on the changing global contexts for the field and its movement towards new models of theology, distinct from the forms of traditional Christian systematic theology and of secular feminism"--
Christianity and Judaism have inspired reflective theology for thousands of years but until recently, little of it was written by women. Feminism not only proposes new answers to the questions, but compels a reevaluation as to the questions themselves. The essays in this volume represent the richnes of feminist writings in theology, an area that commands international interest, inside and outside the academy, and addresses aspects of theological study including biblical interpretation, historical approaches, doctrine philosophy of religion and ethics. This book brings together some of the best essays in the field, with an introduction by Janet Martin Soskice mapping the historical, global and doctrinal contributions to theology.The essys are arranged thematically, and an introduction mapping the area is enhanced by general remarks on each theme and specific comments on individual contributions. This book seeks to engage readers new to the field as well as professionals. The collection emphasises the importance of grass roots contributions alongside academic work.
Knowing God by name : a conversation between Elizabeth A. Johnson and Karl Barth / Cherith Fee Nordling
Engaging the Bible in a gendered world : an introduction to feminist biblical interpretation in honor of Katharine Doob Sakenfeld
"Christians seeking to "save the planet" have to relate "reation" with "salvation" in a way that does justice to both themes. This volume explores the ways in which this task is approached in a wide range of recent theological movements. It includes 15 chapters with 87 sections by 54 authors from all over the world. On this basis this volume provides a barometer of contemporary theological movements." -Publisher's description.
New wine : the challenge of the emerging ecclesiologies to Church renewal : the papers and findings of the WARC consultation and Women's Pre-Conference 18 to 23 October 1993, The Theological University, Kampen, The Netherlands
Introducing feminist theology
The Cambridge companion to liberation theology
The magnificat : a study of Luke1:46-55
The Feminist Companion to Patristic Literature is the twelfth volume in the Feminist Companion to the Bible and Early Christian Literature. Presenting cutting-edge studies by both established scholars and new voices from diverse cultures and contexts, the series not only displays the range of feminist readings, it offers essential readings for all students of the New Testament and early Christian literature.This volume examines a number of Patristic texts and early christian documents from a feminist perspective including Clement of Rome, Clement of Alexandria, the Christian Martyr and the Gospel of Thomas. Contributors: Barbara Bowe, Jorunn Jacobsen Buckley, Denise Buell, Virginia Burrus, Elizabeth Castelli, Elizabeth Clark, Kathy Gaca, Robin Jensen, Ross S Kraemer, Carolyn Osiek, Carolyn Osiek, Theresa Shaw.
One gospel - many cultures : case studies and reflections on cross-cultural theology
Preaching like a woman
A feminist philosophy of religion : the rationality and myths of religious belief
The eleventh volume in this series examines New Testament Apocryphal texts, including the Acts of Paul and Thecla, the Acts of John, the Gospel of Thomas, the Gospel of Peter, the Martyrdom of Perpetua, the Acts of Xanthippe and Polyxena, the Acts of Andrew, the Acts of Thomas, and the Apocalypse of Peter, as well as Joseph and Asenath, the Irish apocrypha, and the Greek novels. In this diverse collection the contributors utilize a variety of approaches to explore topics such as the construction of Christian identity, the Christian martyr, heterodoxy and orthodoxy, conjugal ethics and apostolic homewreckers, trials and temptations, the rhetoric of the body, asceticism, and eroticism.
Becoming living communities = Construyendo comunidades vivas = Lebendige Gemeinschaften werden
Feminist theology and visual arts = Teología feminista y bellas artes = Feministische Theologie und Bildende Künste
Creative dwelling : empathy and clarity in God and self
Through the eyes of a woman : Bible studies on the experience of women
Freeing theology : the essentials of theology in feminist perspective
Being feminist, being Christian : essays from academia
Bridging the traditionally separate domains of analytic and Continental philosophies, Pamela Sue Anderson presents for the first time, a feminist framework for studying the philosophy of religion.
Goddess as nature : towards a philosophical thealogy
In the power of wisdom : feminist spiritualities of struggle
Longing for running water : ecofeminism and liberation
Distant voices drawing near : essays in honor of Antoinette Clark Wire
Feminist interpretation of the Hebrew Bible in retrospect. Vol.1, Biblical books
A feminist companion to reading the Bible : approaches, methods and strategies
Resistance and visions : postcolonial, post-secular and queer contributions to theology and the study of religions = Resistencias y visiones : contribuciones postcoloniales, postseculares y queer a la teoloǵia y a los estudios de las religiones = Widerstand und Visionen : der Beitrag postkolonialer, postsäkularer und queerer Theorie zu Theologie und Religionswissenschaften
"Does women's experience matter for theological inquiry? Elizabeth Johnson's premise is that it does ... Knowing God by name is a critical assessment and evaluation of this approach, bringing Johnson into conversation with Catholic and feminist colleagues and with Karl Barth, whose Trinitarian theology of experience maintains the divine-creaturely distinction she challenges."--P. [4], cover.
O mother, where art thou? : an Irigarayan reading of the book of Chronicles
Hebrew Bible / Old Testament. 1.1, Torah
Religion and gender
Bodies, lives, voices : gender in theology
The Oxford handbook of feminist theology
She changes everything : seeking the divine on a feminist path
Indecent Theology brings liberation theology up to date by introducing the radical critical approaches of gender, postcolonial, and queer theory. Grounded in actual examples from Latin America, Marcella Althaus-Reid's highly provocative, but immaculately researched book reworks three distinct areas of theology - sexual, political and systematic. It exposes the connections between theology, sexuality and politics, whilst initiating a dramatic sexual rereading of systematic theology. Groundbreaking, intriguing and scholarly, Indecent Theology broadens the debate on sexuality and theology as never before.
New eyes for reading : biblical and theological reflections by women from the third world
The Cambridge companion to postmodern theology
After the locusts : letters from a landscape of faith
This is my name forever : the Trinity & gender language for God
Challenging prophetic metaphor : theology and ideology in the prophets
Gender, genre and religion : feminist reflections
