http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5507 pheromones
pheromones
Pheromones of social bees
Pheromone bei Säugetieren unter besonderer Berücksichtigung des Ebergeruchsstoffes und seiner Beziehung zu anderen Hodensteroiden = Mammalian pheromones with special reference to the boar taint steroid and its relationship to other testicular steroids
Pheromones
The chemistry of pheromones and other semiochemicals. 2
Comprehensive insect physiology, biochemistry and pharmacology. Volume 9, Behaviour
Sex and violence in lobsters : a smelly business : olfactory-based communication in the European lobster
Estimating risks for Spruce bark beetle (Ips typographus (L.)) damage using pheromone-baited traps and trees
Catches of Ips duplicatus and other non-target Coleoptera by Ips typographus pheromone trapping
Pheromone-mediated mating system in a moth species
Olfactory recognition and behavioural avoidance of angiosperm non-host volatiles by conifer bark beetles
The semiochemical system of Ips typographus : quantitative variation in production and release, and behavioural activity
Tracking the tiny - identification of the sex pheromone of the pea midge as a prerequisite for pheromone-based monitoring
Practice oriented results on the use of plant extracts and pheromones in pest control : proceedings of the international workshop Tartu, Estonia, Jan. 24-25, 2001
Structure elucidation of behaviourally active compounds in the large pine weevil, Hylobius abietis L. (Coleoptera, Curculionidae), by microanalytical methods
The chemistry of pheromones and other semiochemicals. 1
English-Lithuanian-Russian pheromones dictionary = Anglu̧-lietuviu̧-rusu̧ kalbu̧ feromonu̧ žodynas = Anglijsko-litovsko-russkij slovar' feromonov
Monitoring the European pine sawfly with pheromone traps in maturing Scots pine stands
Animal communication by pheromones
Insect suppression with controlled release pheromone systems. Vol. 1
Male moth behaviour and perception in pheromone plumes
Responses of male crucian carp (Carassius carassius) and goldfish (Carassius auratus) to hormonal sex pheromones
Chemical communication : the language of pheromones
Aggregation pheromone system in the spruce bark beetle (Ips typographus)
Evolution of mate signalling in moths : biosynthetic gene families and diversification of female sex pheromones
Semiochemicals : their role in pest control
Insect pheromones in plant protection
Phytochemical ecology: allelochemicals, mycotoxins, and insect pheromones and allomones : proceedings of the Symposium on Phytochemical Ecology, Taipei, December 13-20, 1988
Insect suppression with controlled release pheromone systems. Vol. 2
Pheromones : reference book = Feromonai : žinynas = Feromony : spravočnik
