http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5502 foundation engineering
foundation engineering
Design strategies in architecture : an approach to the analysis of form
Frost in geotechnical engineering : international symposium Saariselkä, Finland, 13-15 March, 1989. 1-2
Country Patterns 1841-1883 : A Sampler of American Country Home & Landscape Designs from Original 19th Century Sources
"Interpreting a geological setting for the purposes of engineering design and construction requires knowledge of geological engineering and engineering geology, leading to integrated engineering solutions which take into account both ground conditions and environment. This textbook, extensively illustrated, covers the subject area of geological engineering in four sections: 1. Fundamentals: soil mechanics, rock mechanics and hydrogeology; 2. Methods: site investigations, rock mass characterization and engineering geology mapping; 3. Applications: foundations, slope stability, tunnelling, dams, reservoirs and earth works, and 4. Geohazards: landslides, earthquake hazards and prevention and mitigation of geological hazards. The book can serve as a basic reference work for practising engineering geologists, geological and geotechnical engineers, geologists, civil and mining engineers and those professionals involved in design and construction of foundations, tunneling, earth works and excavations for infrastructures, buildings, mining operations, etc. As a textbook it develops an extensive teaching programme of geological engineering and is designed for undergraduate and postgraduate students and academics. Covering basic concepts up to the newest methodologies and procedures used in geological engineering. The book is illustrated with many educational working examples and graphical materials".
Underpinning : Nordic practice
A short course in soil and rock slope engineering
Geotechnical engineering : soil mechanics
Great Ostrobothnian peasant houses
Pohjoisen perinnön vaalijat = Cherishing the northern heritage
Grouting, soil improvement, geosystems including reinforcement
150 best apartment ideas
Road Structures Research Programme 1994-2001 : summary report
Smith's elements of soil mechanics
Frost in geotechnical engineering : international symposium, Saariselkä, Finland, 13-15 March, 1989. Vol. 2
Foundation analysis and design
Water for food, water for life : a comprehensive assessment of water management in agriculture
"A rational and functional floor plan"
A short course in geotechnical site investigation
AutoCAD 2011 and AutoCAD LT 2011 : no experience required
The mechanics of soils and foundations
Geotechnical engineering handbook. Volume 3, Elements and structures
Laser profilometer measurements in the Bay of Bothnia during the ZIP-97 experiment
Alvar Aalto : tuotanto Pohjanmaalla = produktion i Österbotten = works in Ostrobothnia
Pohjarakennekartta = Grundläggningskarta : Map of building foundations
Practical engineering geology
Geotechnical engineering handbook. Volume 2, Procedures
Soil-structure interaction of long jointless bridges with integral abutments
Micropiles in Northern and Middle Europe : study work
International Conference on Practical Applications in Environmental Geotechnology : ecogeo 2000, Helsinki, Finland, 4-6 September, 2000
Suomen sairaaloita = Sjukhus i Finland = Hospitals of Finland
Maintenance of rural building heritage : the Siikalatva challenge : international workshop in Finland 2003/2004
Dynamic compaction of saturated sand
Eco house book
Drilled steel pipe piles in underpinning and bridge foundations : licentiate thesis
The 2000 research and development program of the Finnish National Road Administration
Soil mechanics : basic concepts and engineering applications
SMM7 explained and illustrated : endorsed by the RICS construction faculty
Geotechnical engineering : foundation design
Facilities planning
Arctic civil engineering : road and foundation engineering in North-Russia and in northern Finland : seminar collection, Oulu 16th-17th January 1995
Craig's soil mechanics
Plasticity and the mechanics of reinforced soil
Encyclopaedia of world architecture. 1
Soil engineering : testing, design, and remediation
Modelling of anisotropic behaviour of clays : test embankment in Murro, Seinäjoki, Finland
Hotel design : planning and development
Principles of foundation engineering
Modelling undrained shear strength and pore pressure based on an effective stress soil model in limit equilibrium method
Works
Underpinning project; owners' views on technology, economy and project management
A short course in foundation engineering
Zumthor : Spirit of Nature Wood Architecture Award 2006
A short course in geology for civil engineers
Encyclopaedia of world architecture
Basic soil mechanics
Engineering geology : principles and practice
Sustainable home refurbishment : the Earthscan guide to retrofitting homes for efficiency
"This is a rigorous and up-to-date textbook covering the soil mechanics and geotechnical engineering topics typically included in a university course. It encourages students to develop an understanding of the fundamentals of soil mechanics, by building a robust and adaptable framework of ideas to support and accommodate the analytical tools needed to solve the more complex problems that confront the practicing geotechnical engineer. "--
Measurements of curvilinear ridges in the Bay of Bothnia during the ZIP-97 experiment
Geological engineering
Soil mechanics : concepts and applications
ICE manual of geotechnical engineering
"A step-by-step tutorial on AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT basics. AutoCAD is the leading drawing software, used by design and drafting professionals to create 2D and 3D technical drawings. This tutorial is aimed at AutoCAD novices and provides you with the essentials you need so you can acquire the necessary skills to work in AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT immediately. You'll begin with the basics and gradually progress to more advanced topics and features, such as grouping, elevations, hatches, and using text in drawings. Concise explanations, focused examples, and step-by-step instructions round out this hands-on tutorial. Begins with the basics of AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT, the leading 2D and 3D drawing software. Progresses to more advanced topics and skill sets and covers grouping, hatches, and text in drawings. Introduces dimensioning, external references, layouts and printing, and using 3D Contains helpful examples and step-by-step instructions so you can get started using AutoCAD immediately. Featuring the most up-to-date techniques, tactics, industry standards, and methods, this tutorial will get you started using AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT right away."--
Architects' data
SMM7 : standard method of measurement of building works authorised by agreement between the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors and the Building Employers Confederation
Geotechnical properties of the clays at the Kimola canal area with special reference to the slope stability
Now in its eighth edition, this text continues to blend clarity of explanation with depth of coverage to present students with the fundamental principles of soil mechanics. From the foundations of the subject through to its application in practice, the book provides an indispensable companion to undergraduate courses.
Master the fundamental concepts and applications of foundation analysis design with PRINCIPLES OF FOUNDATION ENGINEERING. This market leading text maintains a careful balance of current research and practical field applications, offers a wealth of worked out examples and figures that show you how to do the work you will be doing as a civil engineer, and helps you develop the judgment you'll need to properly apply theories and analysis to the evaluation of soils and foundation design.
Proceedings of International Conference on Practical Applications in Environmental Geotechnology
Environmental assessment of steel piling
Jähti : sailing ship of the North
