http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5519 men's magazines
men's magazines
Making sense of men's magazines
Masculinity and men's lifestyle magazins
Sex differences in the use of adjectives in car and cosmetic advertisements in American and British magazines
Playboys in paradise : masculinity, youth and leisure-style in modern America
"Dump your childhood sweetheart" : an analysis of the way the reader of FHM is invited to relate to women
Family handyman : e-lehti
Men's Health (UK) : Kauniainen
Down the rabbit hole : curious adventures and cautionary tales of a former Playboy bunny
Finnish summary.
Nature performed : environment, culture and performance
Bunny tales : behind closed doors at the Playboy mansion
Playboy. Volume 2, 1955-1959
New Lad culture boomed in the 1990s with the publication of mens magazines such as loaded, FHM and Maxim. What were the commercial roots of this boom and what did it say about contemporary masculinity and the dynamics of cultural production? Applying a cultural-economic approach and drawing on interviews with key figures at the sectors leading products, Crewe unwraps the means through which publishing companies comprehended and addressed the mens magazine audience in the 1990s. He argues that it was informal knowledge about cultures of masculinity held by editorial practitioners that was decisive in constituting individual magazines and the overall character of the sector. In exploring the cultural resources, identifications and ambitions around which the market crystallized, Crewe provides an in-depth comparison of the editors and editorial identity of loaded, the pioneer of the mass market, with those of Esquire and Arena, magazines associated with the sectors initial reformation. Clear and comprehensive, this work sheds new light on the commercial assessment and representation of modern masculine culture.
Mens's health : e-lehti
Playboy. Volume 4, 1965-1969
Gender roles in Cosmopolitan and FHM magazines
Men's Health (USA) : Helsinki
It's a man's world : men's adventure magazines, the postwar pulps
Media, gender and identity : an introduction
Playboy. Volume 3, 1960-64
Playboy. Volume 1, 1926-1954
Pornotopia : an essay on Playboy's architecture and biopolitics
"At 21, small-town Oregon girl Holly Sue Cullen became Holly Madison, Hugh Hefner's number one girlfriend. But like Alice's journey into Wonderland, Holly's plunge down the rabbit hole took her to a world where all was not as it seemed. The fairy-tale life inside the Playboy Mansion -- which included A-list celebrity parties and starring in a number one television show -- quickly devolved into an oppressive routine of strict rules, manipulation, and battles with ambitious, backstabbing Bunnies that nearly drove Holly to take her own life. Down the rabbit hole is her introspective account of her time inside the Mansion: the drugs, abuse, infamous parties, and Holly's real behind-the-scenes life with Bridget, Kendra, and Mr. Playboy himself. It is also her chronicle of healing and hope. By telling her story, both a cautionary tale and a celebration of personal empowerment, Holly reminds us of the importance of fighting for our dreams -- and finding the life we deserve."--Back cover.
Sushi for beginners
Mr. Playboy : Hugh Hefner and the American dream
Playboy. Volume 6, 1975-1979
Bachelors and bunnies : the sexual politics of Playboy
Popular media present a vast array of stories about women and men. What impact do these images and ideas have on people's identities? The new edition of Media, Gender and Identity is a highly readable introduction to the relationship between media and gender identities today. Fully revised and updated, including new case studies and a new chapter, it considers a wide range of research and provides new ways for thinking about the media's influence on gender and sexuality. David Gauntlett discusses movies such as Knocked Up and Spiderman 3, men's and women's magazines, TV shows, self-help books, YouTube videos, and more, to show how the media play a role in the shaping of individual self-identities.
Gentlemen's quarterly
Men's Health (UK) : Helsinki
Inside the Playboy mansion : if you don't swing, don't ring
Playboy : 50 years : the photographs
The Playboy : a comic-strip memoir
Alberto Vargas : works from the Max Vargas collection
Men's health : e-lehti
Playboy. Volume 5, 1970-74
Representing men : cultural production and producers in the men's magazine market
Linguistic differences in female and male discourse : observations on the language of women's and men's magazines
Men's adventure magazines in postwar America : the Rich Oberg collection
