http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p551 monetary institutions
monetary institutions
Monetary theory and policy from Hume and Smith to Wicksell : money, credit, and the economy
Does say-on-pay matter? : results from large European banks and the financial crisis
International banking regulation : law, policy and practice
Kera Ltd. : an international evaluation
The Financial Times guide to using the financial pages
Foundations of financial markets and institutions
The emerging mortgage market in Russia : an overview with local and foreign perspectives
Global capital markets and banking
Linkages of financial groups in the European Union : financial conglomeration developments in the old and new member states
Regulating finance : balancing freedom and risk
Debt and delusion : central bank follies that threaten economic disaster
Banking sector reform and credit control in China
Strategies of banks and other financial institutions : theories and cases
"This book provides a comprehensive survey of the major developments in monetary theory and policy from David Hume and Adam Smith to Walter Bagehot and Knut Wicksell. In particular, it seeks to explain why it took so long for a theory of central banking to penetrate mainstream thought. The book investigates how major monetary theorists understood the roles of the invisible and visible hands in money, credit, and banking; what they thought about rules and discretion and the role played by commodity-money in their conceptualizations; whether or not they distinguished between the two different roles carried out via the financial system - making payments efficiently within the exchange process and facilitating intermediation in the capital market; how they perceived the influence of the monetary system on macroeconomic aggregates such as the price level, output, and accumulation of wealth; and finally, what they thought about monetary policy. The book explores the analytical dimensions in the various monetary theories while emphasizing their policy consequences. The book highlights the work of a number of pioneering theoreticians. Among these Henry Thornton stands out, primarily because of his innovative analyzis of the complicated phenomena that developed after the introduction of an inconvertible monetary system in 1797. A major question addressed by the book is why theoreticians and policymakers were so resistant to his ideas for so many years"--Provided by publisher.
The evolution of financial institutions and markets in twentieth-century Europe
European financial services law
Oxford handbook of banking
Principles of money, banking & financial markets
The Finnish banking system
Stress tests. 2nd half 2009
Rahalaitokset. 2002 = Monetära finansinstitut. 2002 = Monetary financial institutions. 2002
The theory of money and financial institutions. Volume 1
Managing operational risk : risk reduction strategies for investment and commercial banks
Announcement of members seminar : Reports, Statistics, New Monthly Database Eastern Europe, Index of subjects
Principles of banking
The theory of money and financial institutions. Volume 3
Money, debt and economic activity
Expertise and innovation : information technology strategies in the financial services sector
International money and banking : the creation of a new order
Executive summary (s. 11-14).
The IMF, the World Bank group and the question of human rights
Finance & financial markets
Financial services in Europe : an introductory overview
Stress tests. 2nd half 2010
The gendering of global finance
The alchemy of finance : reading the mind of the market
Facing up to the risks : how financial institutions can survive and prosper
Rahalaitokset 2008 = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions
Asset management standards : corporate governance for asset management
Financial soundness indicators : analytical aspects and country practices
Cash flow accounting in banks : a study of practice
Current legal issues affecting central banks : volume 3
Banking on global markets : Deutsche Bank and the United States, 1870 to the present
Financial institutions management : a risk management approach
Rahalaitokset = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions. 2002.
Regulation and deregulation in European financial services
Rahalaitokset = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions. 2005.
The future of banking
The first global financial crisis of the 21st century
Beyond organizational change : structure, discourse and power in UK financial services
Korea South business law handbook. Vol. 1. strategic and practical information
Efficiency in European banking
Financial performance of finance companies in Nepal
Governing global banking : the Basel Committee and the politics of financial globalisation
Financial institutions management : a modern perspective
The rise and decline of The Medici Bank 1397-1494
Rahalaitokset 2006 = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions
Unsettled account : The evolution of banking in the industrialized world since 1800
The mystery of banking
Bank interest rates in a small European economy : some exploratory macro level analyses using Finnish data
The theory of money and financial institutions. Volume 2
Payment systems in the European Union : addendum incorporating 1998 figures
The essential guide to managing financial institution risk, fully revised and updated The dangers inherent in the financial system make understanding risk management essential for anyone working in, or planning to work in, the financial sector. A practical resource for financial professionals and students alike, Risk Management and Financial Institutions, Third Edition explains all aspects of financial risk as well as the way financial institutions are regulated, to help readers better understand financial markets and potential dangers. Fully revised and updated, this new edition features cov
Organization of risk management in foreign banks working in Russia
International Encyclopedia of the Stock Market. Volume One, A through L
The commercial banking handbook : strategic planning for growth and survival in the new decade
Financial markets and institutions
Risk Management and Financial Institutions + website
The Japanese main bank system : its relevance for developing and transforming economies
Banking in Central and Eastern Europe 1980-2006 : a comprehensive analysis of banking sector transformation in the former Soviet Union, Czechoslovakia, East Germany, Yugoslavia, Belarus, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Kazakhstan, Poland, Romania, the Russian Federation, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Ukraine and Uzbekistan
Rahalaitokset = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions. 2004.
Services and establishment in European Community banking law : a study of its legal approach and implications
Financial markets and institutions : a managerial approach
Financial Statistics : annual review
Drivers and obstacles of ABC adoption in Chinese banking industry
Investment banking : valuation, leveraged buyouts, and mergers & acquisitions
Finnish financial markets
Financial disclosure by banks : proceedings of an UNCTAD forum
Financial intermediation in the new Europe : banks, markets and regulation in EU accession countries
Banker to the poor : the autobiography of Muhammad Yunus, founder of the Grameen Bank
The professional's guide to financial services marketing : bite-sized insights for creating effective approaches
Aspects of the final outcome of the negotiations on financial services of the Uruguay round
International monetary and financial economics
India ́s emerging financial market : a flow of funds model
Money, banking, and the financial system : conceptual explanations of money, of financial institutions, instruments and markets, and of macro-monetary theory and policy
Trust as a strategy for handling uncertainty in private savings choices
The theory of money and credit
The regional development fund of Finland - KERA
Law relating to financial services
Human resources and corporate strategy : technological change in banks and insurance companies : France, Germany, Japan, Sweden, United States
Monetary financial institutions : annual review
Principles of banking law
Credit institutions : Community measures adopted or proposed (situation as at November 1994)
Recent developments in the Japanese financial system : prudential supervision by the Bank of Japan
Money, banking, and financial markets
Corporate lending
Rahalaitokset. 2003 = Monetära finansinstitut. 2003 = Monetary financial institutions. 2003
Investment funds : Annual Review
Assessing the impact of financial crisis on financial institutions : case study: Nordea Bank Kokkola Finland
Changing money : how the digital age is transforming financial services
McGrath's financial institutions, instruments and markets
Global banking & financial policy review : 2002/2003
Doing business in Peru : the new legal framework
Ethics and finance : an introduction
Who elected the bankers? : surveillance and control in the world economy
Swedish summary.
Money over two centuries : selected topics in British monetary history
Banking in Asia : the end of entitlement
An assessment of alternative lender of last resort schemes
The Nattukottai Chettiar merchant bankers in Ceylon
International finance and financial services
Financial institutions and the allocation of talent
Building strong banks : through surveillance and resolution
This collection of essays by the eminent financial and monetary historians Forrest Capie and Geoffrey Wood examines and offers explanations of the parts played by money and the banking system in the British economy over the last two centuries. Structured in three chronological parts, it covers: the period of the classical gold standard from 1870 until the First World War, and the associated key issues of the time; the troublesome interwar years, when there was a breakdown in the international economy, the Second World War and immediate post-War years; and the international dimensions of the post-War period up to the present day. It deals with financial crises, periods of stability, and Britain in the international system, and covers topics such as debt management, money and the exchange rate, interest rates and velocity, as well as central bank independence, monetary unions, price controls and the role of the IMF. Combining empirical research and economic theory, this timely publication is essential reading for all scholars of financial, monetary, and economic history.
Rahalaitokset = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions. 2003.
Blue blood and mutiny : the fight for the soul of Morgan Stanley
The development and regulation of non-bank financial institutions
Rahalaitokset  2003 = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions
Making a market for acts of God : the practice of risk-trading in the global reinsurance industry
Essays on the theory of financial intermediation : market imperfections, the allocation of credit, deposit insurance and the transmission of external shocks
The microstructure of financial markets
Regulation and deregulation : policy and practice in the utilities and financial services industries
International Encyclopedia of the Stock Market. Volume Two, M through Z
Financial institution management : text and cases
The international handbook on financial reform
Risk management and financial institutions
Derivatives in financial markets with stochastic volatility
Open innovation in the financial services : growing through openness, flexibility, and customer integration
Rahalaitokset  2002 = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions
