http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5511 prisoners
prisoners inmates
Survey of the enforcement of imprisonment sentences in Finland
The anchoress
A world apart
River of the dead
Palestinian militants in the prisons of the Zionist occupation
Prisons 2000 : an international perspective on the current state and future of imprisonment
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
On the bridge of nothingness : Poems, written in forest, prison, prison camp
Out of the shadows
Don't trust, don't fear, don't beg : the extraordinary story of the Arctic 30
A state of fear : my 10 years inside Iran's torture jails
A dangerous gunfighter. A beautiful outlaw. A thrilling pursuit. Degan Grant is heading to California, far away from the home he wants to forget, when a US Marshal calls in a favour. Degan has to apprehend three outlaws and turn them over to the law - easy enough for a man no one wants to tangle with. But one of the outlaws defies Degan's every expectation. Maxine is sassy, spirited - and insists she is innocent. And, knowing that her capture will lead to her hanging, she's determined to escape the handsome, enigmatic gunfighter.
Does the transfer of sentenced persons from Finland to Estonia violate their human rights?
Siberian red
The Lucifer effect : how good people turn evil
Morgan's run
Unforced labors : the memoirs of Ada Federolf and Selected prose of Ariadna Efron
The American prison : issues in research and policy
The Racketeer
Don't let her see me cry : a mother's story
I was a slave in Russia
Conclusions (s. 145-155).
Women prisoners : a forgotten population
Prisoners of society : attitudes and after-care
Thief
Banged up abroad : hellhole : our fight to survive South America's deadliest jail
The noise of time
Gentle justice : analysis of open prison systems in Finland : a way to the future
Minister of justice Kari Häkämies: The report of the advisor Committee on Prison Matters contains actual information on long term prisoners for the drafting of legislation
Devil at my heels
Captive in Iran : a remarkable true story of hope and triumph amid the horror of Tehran’s brutal Evin Prison
The ploughmen : a novel
The people's will
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Russian prison tattoos : codes of authority, domination, and struggle
Ex-con. [Vol. 1], Fading lights
Sweetheart
The racketeer
Life or death
Shakespeare saved my life : ten years in solitary with The Bard
The execution of Noa P. Singleton : a novel
Prison Theatre : perspectives and practices
Scarlet Benoit and Wolf, a street fighter who may have information about her missing grandmother, join forces with Cinder as they try to stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen Levana in this story inspired by Little Red Riding Hood.
Everything flows
A meal in winter
The monument of the Crimean war Finnish soldiers in England
Wildfire in his arms
Punisher Max : Frank
Meeting of the Juridical Sub-Commission of the International Commission of Enquiry into the Crimes of the Military Junta in Chile : documents : Berlin, German Democratic Republic, 6 February 1977.
Hell's prisoner : the shocking true story of an innocent man jailed for over eleven years in Indonesia's most notorious prisons
Imprisonment : the legal status and rights of prisoners
Making it in prison : the square, the cool, and the life
Great escapes and rescues : an encyclopedia
Con air : extended edition
Shame and the captives
The Gulag Archipelago, 1918-1956
The ancient garden
Legal rights of prisoners : an analysis of legal aid
Deadly sting
The strange library
Too like the lightning
Negro prison camp work songs
The sultan's wife
The world into which Mycroft and Carlyle have been born is as strange to our 21st-century eyes as ours would be to a native of the 1500s. It is a hard-won utopia built on technologically-generated abundance, and also on complex and mandatory systems of labeling all public writing and speech. And in this world, Mycroft and Carlyle have stumbled on the wild card that may destabilize the system: the boy Bridger, who can effortlessly make his wishes come true. Who can, it would seem, bring inanimate objects to life.
Prisoners' right in England and the United States
Terror and violence as an institutionalized system in Chile : Luxembourg, Europe House, September 25th, 1977
Bitch planet. Book 1, Extraordinary machine
Unbroken : a World War II story of survival, resilience, and redemption
Passport to hell : how I survived sadistic prison guards and hardened criminals in Spain's toughest prisons
Great escapes : Alcatraz, the Berlin Wall, Colditz, Devil's Island and 20 other stories of daring, audacity and ingenuity
The care of long-term prisoners
The orphan of Botany Bay
One last breath : a Cooper & Fry mystery
Shutter island
The war behind the wire : the life, death and glory of British prisoners of war, 1914-18
Conscience be my guide : an anthology of prison writings
The short-term prisoner : a study in forensic psychology
Women's prison : sex and social structure
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Birds of prey
The defences of the weak : a sociological study of a Norwegian correctional institution
Education in prison  : studying through distance learning
Coping, behavior and adapation in prison inmates
Out of orange : a memoir
The trial of József Grʺosz and his accomplices
A torch against the night
The Septembers of Shiraz
The monarch : a thriller
Killing time : surviving Dubai's most notorious prisons
The hawk's nest
Resident evil : revelations 2: PS3
R. Vogeler, E. Sanders and their accomplices before the criminal court
The Guantánamo files : the stories of the 774 detainees in America's illegal prison
The monument, in Lewes, East Sussex, is dedicated to the 28 Finns who died in the local prison, after being captured when the British attacked the Åland Islands during the Crimean War 1854-1856..
The incendiary's trail
The outcast
Jail bird : the life and crimes of an Essex bad girl
Unbroken will : the extraordinary courage of an ordinary man : the story of Nazi concentration camp survivor Leopold Engleitner, born 1905
Against all hope : the prison memoirs of Armando Valladares
The treatment of prisoners under international law
Women in prison : a study in penal methods
Deadlock : a Ryan Lock thriller
The night crew
A prisoner in the garden : opening Nelson Mandela's prison archive
Prison populations in Europe and North America : some background information
Highland Conqueror
Murderers' home : an anthology of Negro worksongs
Short-term treatment of adult offenders
The book of memory
Inside Alcatraz : my time on the rock
Snow White must die
The return of Zita the spacegirl
Journey to Munich
Snow White Must Die by Nele Neuhaus is a tremendous new contemporary mystery series and huge international bestseller--with more than 2.5 million copies in print!On a rainy November day police detectives Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein are summoned to a mysterious traffic accident: A woman has fallen from a pedestrian bridge onto a car driving underneath. According to a witness, the woman may have been pushed. The investigation leads Pia and Oliver to a small village, and the home of the victim, Rita Cramer.On a September evening eleven years earlier, two seventeen-year-old girls vanished from the village without a trace. In a trial based only on circumstantial evidence, twenty-year-old Tobias Sartorius, Rita Cramer's son, was sentenced to ten years in prison. Bodenstein and Kirchhoff discover that Tobias, after serving his sentence, has now returned to his home town. Did the attack on his mother have something to do with his return?In the village, Pia and Oliver encounter a wall of silence. When another young girl disappears, the events of the past seem to be repeating themselves in a disastrous manner. The investigation turns into a race against time, because for the villagers it is soon clear who the perpetrator is--and this time they are determined to take matters into their own hands.An atmospheric, character-driven and suspenseful mystery set in a small town that could be anywhere, dealing with issues of gossip, power, and keeping up appearances
The great jail break
Black Cross
From A to X : a story in letters
Reactions to crime : the public, the police, courts, and prisons
The mime order
Napisano v tûr'me. XX vek. Rossiâ = Written in prison. XXth century. Russia
The ethical and organisational aspects of health care in prison : recommendation no. R (98) 7 adopted by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 8 April 1998 and explanatory memorandum
The glass cell
Our happy time
Statistics of the Criminal Sanctions Agency
Watch me go
Buyout
Cell 2455, death row
Jail journeys : the English prison experience since 1918
Chile yes, Pinochet no.
Prison health care in the Czech Republic, Hungary and Poland
Penitentiary questions : Council of Europe conventions, recommendations and resolutions
More than just a game : football v apartheid : the most important football story ever told
Wild and free
Working with sex offenders in prisons and through release to the community
A-team. season one
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
The devil in the Marshalsea
Long time coming
The king's shadow
"Beyond the walls"
Human rights and prisons : trainer's guide on human rights training for prison officials
Notes from a dead house
The enchanted
Orange is the new black : my year in a women's prison
The book of Memory
The ice child
Thorvald Spear, resurrected from his death over a hundred years earlier, continues to hunt Penny Royal, the rogue AI and dangerous war criminal on the run from Polity forces. Beyond the Graveyard, a lawless and deadly area in deep space, Spear follows the trail of several enemy Prador, the crab-like alien species with a violent history of conflict with humanity.  Sverl, a Prador genetically modified by Penny Royal and slowly becoming human, pursues Cvorn, a Prador harboring deep hatred for the Polity looking to use him and other hybrids to reignite the dormant war with mankind.  Blite, captain of a bounty hunting ship, hands over two prisoners and valuable memplants from Penny Royal to the Brockle, a dangerous forensics entity under strict confinement on a Polity spaceship that quickly takes a keen interest in the corrupted AI and its unclear motives.  Penny Royal meanwhile continues to pull all the strings in the background, keeping the Polity at bay and seizing control of an attack ship. It seeks Factory Station Room 101, a wartime manufacturing space station believed to be destroyed. What does it want with the factory? And will Spear find the rogue AI before it gets there?
Mr. Bricks : a heavy metal murder musical
Divine collision : an African boy, an American lawyer, and their remarkable battle for freedom
War Factory
The wake of the Lorelei Lee : being an account of the further adventures of Jacky Faber, on her way to Botany Bay
Between two worlds : my life and captivity in Iran
