http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5513 home care
home care
Physical activity as a predictor of disability and social and health service use in older people
A sensitive, direct and highly accessible insight into the complexities and challenges that a diagnosis of dementia presents. Contributors represent academics, practicing nurses, aged care professionals and family advocates.
The Alzheimer's family : helping caregivers cope
Monitoring methods of daily physical activity : a review
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2010 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2010 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2010
Nurses' perceptions and support of elderly loneliness in nursing homes
"For every person over the age of 65 in todayʼs European Union there are four people of working age but, by 2050, there will only be two. Demand for long-term care, of which home care forms a significant part, will inevitably increase in the decades to come. Despite the importance of the issue there is, however, a lack of up-to-date and comparative information on home care in Europe. This volume attempts to fill some of that gap by examining current European policy on home-care services and strategies. Home Care across Europeprobes a wide range of topics including the linkage between social services and health-care systems, the prevailing funding mechanisms, how  service providers are paid, the impact of governmental regulation, and the complex roles played by informal caregivers. Drawing on a set of Europe-wide case studies (available in a second, online volume), the study provides comparable descriptive information on many aspects of the organization, financing and provision of home care across the continent. It is a text  that will help frame the coming debate about how best to serve elderly citizens as  European populations age." -- (takakansi)
Effect of physical activity counseling on home care use in older people
Time to help your parents : a practical guide to recognising problems and providing support
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Independent lives? : community care and disabled people
What will happen ... when his old parents are too tired to go on? : a project concerning aged parents with a mentally handicapped person living at home
¡Me gusta la fiesta! : implementing a Mexican theme event for the residents of Kokkolan Hoitokoti
Spanish Home Care. Policies and consequences on a micro level
The 36-hour day : a family guide to caring for persons with Alzheimer disease, related dementing illness, and memory loss in later life
Continuity of care : advancing the concept of discharge planning
Always on call : when illness turns families into caregivers
Home care fraud and abuse : critical questions, essential answers
Abstract: Developing oral health care of the elderly in Tornio home nursing.
Occupational therapy in community-based practice settings
Wound care in home care : Information booklet for Kotipeura
Feeding levels during the growing phase affect the production of primiparous Finnish Landrace ewes
Empirical Study of the Use and Exploitation of TAPE- Accident Reporting and Monitoring Program in Elder Care in Kouvola (accident project)
Populations around the world are ageing, and more people are living with the effects of serious chronic illness towards the end of life. Meeting their needs presents a public health challenge. This publication aims to provide examples of better palliative care practices for older people to help those involved in planning and supporting care-oriented services most appropriately and effectively. Examples have been identified from literature searches and from an international call for examples through various organizations, including the European Association of Palliative Care and the European Union Geriatric Medicine Society. Some examples consider how to improve aspects within the whole health system; specific smaller examples consider how to improve palliative care education, support in the community, in hospitals or for specific groups of people, such as people in nursing homes and people with dementia and their families. Some examples await rigorous evaluation of effectiveness, and more research is needed in this field, especially the cost–effectiveness and generalizability of these initiatives. This publication takes both an individual person and a health systems approach, focusing on examples from or relevant to the WHO European Region. The publication is intended for policy-makers, decision-makers, planners and multidisciplinary professionals concerned with the care and quality of life of older people.
The caregiver's tale : loss and renewal in memoirs of family life
Home health care
Alzheimer's : caring for your loved one, caring for yourself
Ageing in contexts of migration
Implementation of two service integration innovations in home care: contradictions and bright spots
Social participation in home-living patients with mild Alzheimer's disease and their caregivers : quantitative and qualitative analyses
Everything, everything
The effect of housing on the diurnal behavioural profile of beef heifers
Emerging nursing care of vulnerable populations ; Contemporary infection control for nurses
A practice perspective on organizational implementation of information technology
Living with dementia : a practical guide for families and personal carers
Using technologies with care : notes on technology assimilation processes in home care
Social work practice in home health care
Children in day care and family care in Sweden : a follow-up
Theory of Constraints in field service : factors limiting productivity in home care operations
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Family caregiving in an aging society : policy perspectives
Listening to the voices of dementia:the therapist's teaching-learning process through co-construction of narrative and the triadic relationship with Alzheimer’s disease sufferers
Elderly in home care : in municipalities Pello, Rantsila and Tervola in Northern Finland : report of sustainable rural health care networks project 1st June 2005 - 1st September 2007
Mother care/other care
Quality impact of home care for the elderly
Aging, ethnicity, and dementia : family care giving
Spouses' experiences of living with a partner with Alzheimer's disease
Home care across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Potential and challenges in home care service process optimization : a route optimization approach
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2012 : Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2012 = Count of regular home-care clients on 30 November of 2012
Simple matters : Living with less and ending up with more
Wong's clinical manual of pediatric nursing : Marilyn J. Hockenberry
The childcare bible : the ultimate guide to all forms of childcare
Organizational innovation by integrating simplification : learning from Buurtzorg Nederland
An ensiling experiment was conducted to assess the possibility for increasing the selenium content in grass silage by using a selenium-enriched silage additive, and to determine possible changes in the form of selenium during ensiling. Prewilted and precision-chopped silage was prepared from the second cut of timothy - meadow fescue sward in southern Finland. The additive treatments (6 g kg-1) were: control without additive, water containing 50 mg sodium selenate kg-1, and formic acid-based additive containing 10, 50 or 500 mg sodium selenate kg-1. The selenium content of the control silage was low (0.069 mg kg-1 dry matter) whereas the selenium content of the other silages was in line with the dose level of selenium delivered in the additive. The added selenate was detected only as selenate in the silages. Addition of sodium selenate to silage additive provided a controlled way to add selenium to the diet of forage-fed animals.
Case management in community care : an evaluated experiment in the home care of the elderly
Psychiatric-mental health nursing
Caring for the older person : practical care in hospital, care home or at home
"This volume focuses on how high quality care is provided and the practices and policies that support this. It will offer case studies (both policy- and practice-oriented empirical studies) from countries that share a basic orientation to social welfare: Canada, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Sweden and the United Kingdom. This book will be essential reading for students, practitioners and researchers who wish to understand diverse problems in service provision for the elderly and the complexities of policy responses in different health and social care contexts".
Establishing a private social service company to support individuals living at home
Expectations of elderly people on the nurse-client relationship and interaction in home care : "When I see the nurse's smiling face it feels likes sunshine on a rainy and gloomy day"
Family matters : parents living with children in old age
Working and caring : developments at the workplace for family carers of disabled and older people
Collaboration in care : design of a mobile health platform to support care management of cystic fibrosis
Family caregiving in chronic illness : Alzheimer's disease, cancer, heart disease, mental illness, and stroke
Family work with elderly people
Design for nature in dementia care
College Course : Red Cross Home Nursing : Instructor's Guide
The connection between on-farm assessed welfare (A-index) and production parameters of the sows
Antipsychotic use among older persons in long-term institutional and home care
Home care of the elderly
The Resident Assessment Index in Home Care
Home health nursing : assessment and care planning
Home care nursing services : international lessons
Abstract: The voucher game : a case study of elderly service voucher users freedom of choise in a home care context.
HOME CARE 24h : Strengthening Competences and Renewing Operations Models
Aging is living : myth-breaking stories from long-term care
International perspectives on healthcare for the elderly
Rethinking residential child care : positive perspectives
Caring for the person with dementia : underpinning knowledge for frontline workers in adult social care
Changes in place of death in Sweden 2004-2011 : a study of urban elderly receiving public eldercare services
The family and the handicapped child : a study of cerebral palsied children in their homes
Supporting older people's independent living at home through social and health care collaboration
Long-term care
Home health care nursing : administrative and clinical perspectives
Counselling carers : supporting relatives of confused elderly people living at home
Elderly Emergency : Emergency room nurse’s experiences on how information flow affects the good care of an elderly patient in the emergency room
Alcohol use among elderly at home care
Supporting children's self-esteem in early childhood education: a play booklet for kindergarten teachers
Perusterveydenhuolto 2012 = Primärvård 2012 = Primary health care services 2012
Family caregiving across the lifespan
The objectives were to determine 1. the behaviour of heifers at pasture or housed on slats, and 2. the effect of housing on behavioural adaptation when moved to pasture. Forty-five continental crossbred heifers were assigned to either housing on slats at 3 m2 head-1for 5 months (H), grazing for 5 months (G) or housing for 4 months, prior to grazing (HG). Lying and eating behaviour was recorded periodically for H, G and for HG post-turnout. Per day, G animals spent longer (p<0.01) eating and had a greater (p<0.001) number of daily lying bouts than H animals. While there were minor differences between G and HG animals in the 24 h period after turnout, there was no difference between G and HG animals in time spent eating, lying or in the number of lying bouts on day 1, 2, 3 or 10 post turnout. While abnormal lying behaviour was observed in 3 animals before turnout, there was no abnormal lying behaviour in HG animals by 48 h post turnout. The alteration in behaviour due to housing was not permanent.
Caring for someone at home : How to meet the needs of a dependent person and their carer
Camera phone project : an opportunity for the empowerment family carers
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2003 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2003 = A count of clients having regularly home care services on 30 November of 2003
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Home care and services for the aging people in Finland
Handling the young cerebral palsied child at home
Alcohol use is one of the problems within elderly that had not been studied enough. The purpose of this thesis was to describe how widespread alcohol problem is among elderly who are under the home care services. The idea of this research arose from the experience I had when I was doing my elderly nursing care practice and I observed how alcohol affected their health. This research was quantitative. The data was gathered by interviewing the clients with the pre-made questionnaire forms. Most of the clients were excited about the interviews and some were even happy to be visited. The result of the data gathered was analyzed in the end, by using the descriptive method. Results were displayed through frequencies, averages and percentages. One aim of this thesis was to also collect and present this information to the home care unit, in order for them to do some proper actions through the nursing care plan. There were 20 interviewees who participated in the research. Only few among the elderly interviewed had visible alcohol problem. As outcome it was pleasing to find out that the alcohol problem among elderly is not that common than what I had expected. Based on this research there are clear conclusion to be made. The alcohol problem among elderlies in the home care is not a common problem, but the healthcare workers should still consider these clients more so that they could get necessary help and information regarding the dangers of alcohol.
Physical properties of synthetic bedding materials for free-stall dairy cow
Perusterveydenhuolto 2013 = Primärvård 2013 = Primary health care services 2013
The 36-hour day : a family guide to caring for persons with Alzheimer disease, related dementing illnesses, and memory loss in later life
Service development plan : Case: Finnish Red Cross Tampere Branch home care service
Abstract.
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
Gerontologic nursing
No place like home : a history of nursing and home care on the United States
Camera phone supporting the family carer : ethical considerations
Distance is not a barrier to health : welfare technology makes life easier
My health technology for seniors
Sibshops : workshops for siblings of children with special needs
The changing terms of welfare service work : Finnish home care in transition
What will happen when his old parents are too tired to go on? : a project concerning aged parents with a mentally handicapped person living at home
Elder care policies in China : the social value foundation is in the family
Caring for frail elderly people : policies in evolution
Customer-driven CaringTV® concept for elderly family care givers living at home : final report of the Coping at Home research
Clientship and the quality of home help services : - where does quality begin?
Home Care Across Europe : current structure and future challenges
individual's activity. IoT nodes include hardware components such as analog front ends, microcontrollers and radio modules as well as software modules for biosignal processing, Web connectivity, and data storage. In this master thesis, two of the main components of an IoT based healthcare system are designed and implemented, namely a wireless medical sensor and an energy efficient smart gateway. These devices form a system capable of acquiring and transmitting different types of biosignals to remote clients and servers via IP based networks. A complete design cycle from idea to prototype is described. This includes selection of technologies, design of system blocks and mapping to commercially available components. Hardware implementation is described, including interfacing microcontrollers to peripherals and wireless connectivity. On the software side, the implementation of network stacks, digital signal processing modules and servers are presented. The resulting architectures represents a low-cost, reliable and scalable system compatible with consumer friendly Web technologies.
Nurses' support for family members when providing home care to the elderly
Summary.
Help! : they need somebody!
Supporting community care of demented patients
Caring for a loved one with dementia : a mindfulness-based guide for reducing stress and making the best of your journey together
Informal care of the elderly
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Good quality of life for elderly people : SPE Project end report
Childminding : a guide to good practice
When a Child Protection Related Concern Arises : Kindergarten Teachers' Practices
Facilitating orientation : An Orientation Guide for Foreign Nurses Coming to Work in Nurmikoti Nursing Home
Choosing a holistic care approach for the elderly
Development and validation of a drug-related problem risk assessment tool for use by practical nurses working with community-dwelling aged
Acute & chronic wounds : nursing management
Bringing madness home : the multiple meanings of home in Janet Frame's Faces in the water, Bessie Head's A question of power and Lauren Slater's Prozac diary
Nutrition in care homes and home care : report and recommendations : from recommendations to action
Cicely Saunders : founder of the hospice movement : selected letters 1959-1999
Do unto animals : a friendly guide to how animals live, and how we can make their lives better
Making aging in place work
Approach from the best educationally advanced country in the world to home care
Postponing of institutional long-term care in the patients at high risk of institutionalisation
Running around in circles : coordinating childcare, education and work
Caregiving : readings in knowledge, practice, ethics, and politics
Community/public health nursing : promoting the health of populations
Approach from the best educationally advanced country in the world to home care : an attempt for the independent life of elderly people in Finland
Community resources for older adults : a guide for managers
Enhancing the resources of home-dwelling elderly clients
Left to care alone
Perspectives on care at home for older people
The Living-at-home program : innovations in service access and case management
Parent training and developmental disabilities
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2009 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2009 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2009
The 36-hour day : a family guide to caring for persons with Alzheimer's disease, related dementing illnesses, and memory loss in later life
Ubiquitous healthcare system based on Internet of Things
Selenium supplementation by addition of sodium selenate with silage additive
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
¡Me gusta la fiesta! : implementing a Mexican theme party for the residents of Kokkolan Hoitokoti
Dementia : support for family and friends
A compassionate effective mindfulness-based dementia care (MBDC) guide to help you reduce stress, stay balanced, and bring ease into your interactions with the person with dementia." "Mindfulness is 'paying attention [to yourself as well as your patient] in a particular way: on purpose, in the present moment, and non-judgmentally.
Medical electrical equipment. Part 1-11, General requirements for basic safety and essential performance. Collateral standard: requirements for medical electrial equipment and medical electrical systems used in the home healthcare environment (IEC 60601-1-11:2015)
Neuropsychiatric symptoms, psychotropic drug use and physical restraints in older persons : cross-sectional study in home care and residential care
Home lingual environment effect on development : of child's language in multilingual daycare
Family care of the elderly : social and cultural changes
The role of significant others in the management of a patient with hypertension
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to increase kindergarten teachersʼ awareness of the importance of supporting childrenʼs self-esteem by creating a play booklet.  We made a functional thesis that consists of a report and a concrete product, a booklet for kindergarten teachers. The subject was discussed with our working-life partner, Helsinki Cityʼs kindergarten, since we wanted to work along their wishes. Based on Michele Borbaʼs self-esteem model we chose five activities that aim to support the different elements of self-esteem of children aged four to five years. When planning the activities we took into consideration this age groupʼs self-esteem, motor and social skills development. To guarantee the functionality of the activities we tested them with our working-life partner. One of the evaluation methods was to gather feedback of the booklet from our working-life partner and one other kindergarten. The idea is that the booklet can be adapted to every kindergartenʼs daily routines and to the kindergarten teachersʼ different ways of working. Ideally each of the activities would be organized with the same group of children and the bookletʼs order of the activities would be followed. This secures the development of self-esteem will be approached holistically.  The chosen theoretical framework successfully supports the booklet and its activities. We managed to create a well-functioning booklet that can be applied to kindergarten teachersʼ various ways of working. With this study we did not evaluate how the activities affect childrenʼs self-esteem, and thus it would be meaningful to conduct a further study about it.
¡Me gusta la fiesta! : implementing a Mexican theme day for the residents of Kokkolan Hoitokoti
Electronic Technology in Home Medical Equipment in Chinese Market
Effect of feeding level and diet type on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their calves
How to care for your parents : a practical guide to eldercare
Clinical reasoning in three different fields of physiotherapy : a qualitative case study
Supporting Children's Self-Esteem in Early Childhood Education : A Play Booklet for Kindergarten Teachers
Lehmuskoti dementia unit : towards the symptoms-relieving environment
What shall we do with mother? : what to do when your elderly parent is dependent on you
Influence of pre partum and post partum plane of nutrition on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their progeny
Who will care? : future prospects for family care of older people in the European Union
Palliative care for older people : better practices
The making of medico-managerial care work culture in public home care of the elderly
The locus of care : families, communities, institutions, and the provision of welfare since antiquity
Loving someone who has dementia : how to find hope while coping with stress and grief
The kaleidoscope of care : a review of research on welfare provision for elderly people
Homedoctor
Unlocking the future : developing new lifestyles with people who have complex disabilities
The 36-hour day : a family guide to caring for people with Alzheimer disease, other dementias, and memory loss in later life
Home care for the stroke patient : living in a pattern
Theory of constraints in field service : factors limiting productivity in home care operations
Children at home and in day care
