http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5515 child care
child care
Kotityötutkimus = Housework study. Osa 3 = Part 3, 7 vuotta nuorempien lasten palkattoman kotihoidon arvo vuonna 1979 = The value of unsalaried home care of children under the age of seven in 1979
For the love of children : childcare and child rearing 0-16 years
Becoming Japanese : the world of the pre-school child
The complete guide to baby's  first  year
Babycare : everything you need to know
Home Education
Advances in early education and day care
This book challenges the concept of wellbeing as applied to children, particularly in a school-based context. Taking a post-structural approach, it suggests that wellbeing should be understood, and experiences revealed, at the level of the subjective child. This runs counter to contemporary accounts that reduce children's wellbeing to objective lists of things that are needed in order to live well. This book will be useful for academics and practitioners working directly with children, and anyone interested in children's wellbeing.
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of infant development. Volume 2, Applied and policy issues
Challenging Child Protection offers a ground-breaking new perspective which will illuminate and improve the professional understanding and practice of social workers and child protection workers. Taking a fresh look at the principles underlying child protection, this book provides a thought-provoking analysis of the evidence base which underpins professional understanding and intervention. It outlines the ways in which agencies have worked to prevent child abuse and neglect and traces key changes in UK policy, as well as situating these amid wider trends in Europe. With contributions from a wide variety of disciplines, including philosophy and anthropology, this is a uniquely diverse collection of academic perspectives. This book challenges our conceptions of child protection and encourages readers to think critically about why children are harmed by adults, how society views child abuse and how this informs practice.
Sickness and maternity schemes and family policy in Finland
What to expect : the second year
We're having a baby
Family troubles? : exploring changes and challenges in the family lives of children and young people
Supporting children's self-esteem in early childhood education: a play booklet for kindergarten teachers
Around the clock : childcare services at atypical times
Ivy and Bean take care of the babysitter
The mothercraft manual : or the expectant and nursing mother and baby`s first two years
Day care for young children : international perspectives
Your pregnancy bible
The childcare bible : the ultimate guide to all forms of childcare
Rethinking residential child care : positive perspectives
Potty training : making the transition without stress or mess
Jo Frost's confident toddler care
The baby sleep book : how to help your baby to sleep and have a restful night
The gentle sleep book : a guide for calm babies, toddlers and pre-schoolers
Your baby and toddler problems solved
Your baby's first year : the essential guide for new parents
The new contented little baby book : the secret to calm and confident parenting from one of the world's top maternity nurses
Pediatric nursing demystified
Jemima and Jake's new babysitter doesn't look too promising. In fact she looks very sensible, very old and VERY small (she only comes up to daddy's armpit!). But the moment their parents leave the house, Marge gives a mischievous wink, takes off her hat and reveals a marvellous mane of rainbow-coloured hair! Marge really is a babysitter like no other and the children spend a wild evening with her - racing snails, slurping chocolate soup and mixing potions in the bath! But if Jake and Jemima want her to babysit again it's time for them to take charge of Marge, tidy up and settle her down for a little sleep. Three hilarious, anarchic and charming MARGE stories from A-list actress, mother, writer and comedian Isla Fisher. Ages 7+
Challenging child protection : new directions in safeguarding children
Marge in charge
The secret world of the working mother : juggling work, kids and sanity
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
From crying baby to contented baby
The contented baby with toddler book
Early childhood education and care partnership in Finland
Healthy sleep habits, happy child :  step-by-step programme for a good night's sleep
Early childhood counts : a programming guide on early childhood care for development
Parents between work and care : effects of the new cash benefit scheme
Supporting Children's Self-Esteem in Early Childhood Education : A Play Booklet for Kindergarten Teachers
Baby's first year : lifesaving technigues and advice to enjoy the first 12 months
Co zrobic z bobasem buu huu huu? = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
Caring for your baby & young child : birth to age 5
How to grow a baby and push it out : your no-nonsense week-by-week guide to pregnancy and birth
The au pair and nanny's guide to working abroad
Complete baby and child care
The protected and threatened "good chuildhood" : models of Finnish child care cultures in transformation
Save our sleep : helping your baby to sleep through the night from birth to two years
Gendering citizenship in Western Europe : new challenges for citizenship research in a cross-national context
Babies : a parent's guide to enjoying baby's first year
Defamilialisation Policies and Attitudes and Behaviour Among Mothers in Twelve European Countries. Do results for Denmark, Finland and Sweden differ from the others?
Sleepeasy solution : the exhausted parent's guide to getting your child to sleep through the night
The baked bean cure
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Trinny & Susannah : the survival guide : a woman's secret weapon for getting through the year
A contented house with twins
The rough guide to babies and toddlers : the essential guide to caring for babies and toddlers
The rise and fall of the British nanny : with a new introduction by the author
Child care in the family : a review of research and some propositions for policy
Child care and culture : lessons from Africa
Love, laughter and parenting in the precious years from birth to six
Boost your baby's development
The Blissful Toddler Expert : the complete guide to calm parenting and happy toddlers
The baby book : everything you need to know about your baby from birth to age two
What to expect the first year
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
The practical encyclopedia of pregnancy & babycare
Chinese immigrants to Finland : a qualitative study of housing, employment, access to health care and child care as sociological dimensions in their settlement process
Jo Frost's confident baby care : what you need to know for the first year from the UK's most trusted nanny
Advances in early education and day care. Vol. 5, Perspectives on developmentally appropriate practice
Freaky families
Sophie in charge
Parenting : guide to your baby's first year
Babies & toddlers for men : from newborn to nursery
Kotityötutkimus = Housework study. Osa 11 = Part 11, Lasten hoito = Child care
Role of Educators: Creating Emotional Safety at Day Centers
Kristy and the nasty nappies
50 ways to tame a toddler : how to charm and disarm your diminutive adversary
A fairer future for children : towards better parental and professional care
The effect of the infant on its caregiver
It gets easier : surviving twins during their first year
Hybrids in temporary institutional care : Children with an immigrant background in municipal temporary institutional care in Greater-Helsinki.
Fed up of advice that did not take into account a less than perfect pregnancy, Dr Chiara Hunt and Marina Fogle set up their pregnancy course, The Bump Class, in London in 2013. They wanted to help prepare new mothers thoroughly for the birth of their babies and instil in them the joy and happiness of birth, no matter what the method, time or setting of the labour. This book is a pragmatic and honest look at pregnancy, giving pregnant women and new mothers sensible and practical advice on what is to be expected (as well as the often unexpected!) in a friendly and open manner.
Child of our time : [how to achieve the best for your child from conception to 5 years]
The autonomous state of childcare : policy and the policy process in Britain
The baby book : how to enjoy year one
The second baby survival guide
Everything you need to know about baby's first year
The pregnancy encyclopedia : all your questions answered
When a Child Protection Related Concern Arises : Kindergarten Teachers' Practices
Jennifer the babysitter fairy
The bump class : an expert guide to pregnancy, birth and beyond
Expecting a baby? : a complete guide to pregnancy, birth and your baby's first six weeks
My little baby : Nintendo DS
All about twins : a handbook for parents
Your baby's first year : month by month
Community paediatrics
Baby : the all-important first year
The childcare practice of children’s daytime sleeping outdoors in the context of Northern Finnish winter
The politics of Australian child care : philanthropy to feminism and beyond
Babies : the Mumsnet guide
Parental leave for fathers? : gendered conceptions and practices in families with young children in Finland
How mothers love and how relationships are born
Super bright baby : 50 things you really need to know
The contented baby's first year : the secret to a calm and contented baby
The best friend's guide to toddlers : a survival manual to the 'terrible twos' (and ones and threes)
Buddhism for parents on the go : gems to minimise stress
Illustrated textbook of paediatrics
Baby sleep solutions : finding your own way to easy evenings and peaceful nights
Weaning made easy : all you need to know about spoon-feeding and baby-led weaning - get the best of both worlds
Who cares? : childminding in the 1990s
Paediatric emergency triage, assessment and treatment : care of critically ill children : updated guideline
Delightes for ladies
The continuum concept
The pregnancy book : the health education authority's complete guide to pregnancy, childbirth and the first few weeks with a new baby
Happy, healthy pregnancy : 50 things you really need to know
This is a collectively written, inter-disciplinary, thematic cross-national study which combines conceptual, theoretical, empirical and policy material in an ambitious and innovative way to explore a key concept in contemporary European political, policy and academic debates. The first part of the book clarifies the various ways that the concept of citizenship has developed historically and is understood today in a range of Western European welfare states. It elaborates on the contemporary framing of debates and struggles around citizenship. This provides a framework for three policy studies, looking at: migration and multiculturalism; the care of young children; and home-based childcare and transnational dynamics. The book is unusual in weaving together the topics of migration and childcare and in studying these issues together within a gendered citizenship framework. It also demonstrates the value of a multi-level conceptualisation of citizenship, stretching from the domestic sphere through the national and European levels to the global. The book is aimed at students of social policy, sociology, European studies, women's studies and politics and at researchers/scholars/policy analysts in the areas of: citizenship; gender; welfare states; and, migration.
Scratching the horizon : a surfing life
Pediatrics
Your baby's first year : week by week
Choosing child care : a parent's guide
We're  having a baby  [Elektroninen aineisto] : a guidebook for expectant parents
It's twins! Now what? : tips, advice and real-life experience to help you from pregnancy through to your babies' first year
The calm and happy toddler : gentle solutions to tantrums, night waking, potty training and more
Toddlers : the Mumsnet guide
Good nights : the happy parents' guide to the family bed (and a peaceful night's sleep!)
Dad's guide to baby's first year for dummies
The attachment pregnancy
Maternal deprivation reassessed
Pediatric nursing
Illustrated babywatching
Children's care, learning & development
The single parent's handbook
Toddler care book : a complete guide from 1 to 5 years old
Acute abdominal pain in children with special reference to surgical techniques and effects of opioid analgesia on diagnostic accuracy
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
How to raise a happy toddler
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLIX, 2014
Pregnancy & babycare
Top tips from the baby wisperer for toddlers  : secrets to raising happy and cooperativa toddlers
Working with children : How to find the right qualifications, training and job opportunities
Parents' perceptions and alleviation of children's postoperative pain at home after day surgery
How to attract customers and develop online shop’s marketing? : Case: Baby Care
Childcare in a modern welfare system : towards a new national policy
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to increase kindergarten teachersʼ awareness of the importance of supporting childrenʼs self-esteem by creating a play booklet.  We made a functional thesis that consists of a report and a concrete product, a booklet for kindergarten teachers. The subject was discussed with our working-life partner, Helsinki Cityʼs kindergarten, since we wanted to work along their wishes. Based on Michele Borbaʼs self-esteem model we chose five activities that aim to support the different elements of self-esteem of children aged four to five years. When planning the activities we took into consideration this age groupʼs self-esteem, motor and social skills development. To guarantee the functionality of the activities we tested them with our working-life partner. One of the evaluation methods was to gather feedback of the booklet from our working-life partner and one other kindergarten. The idea is that the booklet can be adapted to every kindergartenʼs daily routines and to the kindergarten teachersʼ different ways of working. Ideally each of the activities would be organized with the same group of children and the bookletʼs order of the activities would be followed. This secures the development of self-esteem will be approached holistically.  The chosen theoretical framework successfully supports the booklet and its activities. We managed to create a well-functioning booklet that can be applied to kindergarten teachersʼ various ways of working. With this study we did not evaluate how the activities affect childrenʼs self-esteem, and thus it would be meaningful to conduct a further study about it.
A green guide to bringing up your baby : the kind way for you, your baby (0-3) and the environment
Baby to toddler month by month : follow your baby's journey from 6 to 23 months
Diverse family leave and day care policies create varying monetary incentives for mothers to stay at home with their children. They also affect attitudes of mothers and this should influence childcare decisions. In this study, attitudes of mothers towards cutting down on paid work for the sake of family as well as their behaviour regarding childcare at home were studied in 12 European countries. Of special interest were Denmark, Finland and Sweden, three Nordic countries with a long tradition of childcare policies supporting mothers' work participation. The data is based on the European Social Survey (ESS) Round 2, conducted in 2004 and 2005. The least familialistic attitudes were found in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. A coarse indicator for the effectiveness of childcare policy was devised and indicated that attitudes correlated with the policies in several countries. No correspondence was found between attitudes and average times spent with children at home. Regarding the Nordic countries (particularly Sweden and Finland), the contradictions observed were consistent with childcare policies that affect short- and long-term behaviour in opposite directions. In Finland, a familialistic attitude was relatively common among mothers whose youngest child was under 1-year-old.
I don't know why she bothers : guilt-free motherhood for thoroughly modern women
Johnson's mother & baby
Your pregnancy : the netmums.com guide to having a baby
Jo Frost's confident baby care : what you need to know for the first year
Childcare in the balance : how lone parents make decisions about work
Things I wish I'd known : women tell the truth about motherhood
My uncle is a hunkle says Clarice Bean
Top tips from the baby wisperer : sleep : secrets to getting your baby to sleep through the night
The breastfeeding atlas
You ge wu wu yan yan de ying er, wo men zen mo ban? = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
Dr. Spock's baby and child care
What mothers do especially when it looks like nothing
How to rock your baby : and other timeless tips for modern moms
"Everything you wanted to know but were too embarrassed to ask - a guide to pregnancy and birth straight from the midwife's mouth"-- Back cover.
The grandparents handbook : games, activities, tips, how-tos, and all-around fun
Marge and the pirate baby
The science of parenting   : practical guidance on sleep, crying, play and building emotional wellbeing for life
