http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5516 kindergartens
kindergartens
Koala calamity : surf's up!
Health Promotion in an Ukrainian Preschool Expirienced by Caregivers and Parents
Teachers of young children
Going beyond the theory/practice divide in early childhood education : introducing an intra-active pedagogy
Gender perspectives on the formation of the professional field for caring and education of children
The role of the teacher in the nursery school
Childminder's guide to child development
Supporting children's self-esteem in early childhood education: a play booklet for kindergarten teachers
Early years education : major themes in education. Volume 1 : histories and traditions
How do early childhood education teachers perceive their expertise? : a qualitative study of child care providers in Lapland, Finland
Outdoor learning in the early years : management and innovation
Boys & girls : superheroes in the doll corner
From play to practice : connecting teachers' play to children's learning
Talks with teachers of young children : a collection
Professionals in early childhood education and care systems : European profiles and perspectives
Teachers' perception of children's agency in early childhood education
Work Engagement of Kindergarten Teachers
Supporting Children's Self-Esteem in Early Childhood Education : A Play Booklet for Kindergarten Teachers
Becoming a practitioner in the early years
The big RSPB birdwatch : get to know the birds outside your window!
The Kindergarten : its place in the program of education
Working with the under-threes : training and professional development
Advances in early education and day care. Vol. 2.
Autobiography of Friedrich Froebel
Professionalization, leadership and management in the early years
Designs for living and learning : transforming early childhood environments
Kindergartens and cultures : the global diffusion of an idea
Critical viewpoint to early childhood education teachers' well-being at work
IEA preprimary study in Finland. 2, The use of early childhood settings in Finland
Penguin pandemonium : little birds, big dreams
Management of routine in two Chinese kindergartens : an ethnographic study / Yan Liu
The promise of Pre-K
The selfish giant
Taking it personally : racism in the classroom from kindergarten to college
Training to work in the early years : developing the climbing frame
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to find out the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers and the elements of these factors. Work engagement is one part of work well-being. This final thesis was a qualitative study. The method for collecting data was theme interview, which is a qualitative study method. For this study I interviewed five kindergarten teachers. The data were analyzed by thematic analysis. As a theoretical framework I used work engagement, which is divided into three dimensions: vigor, dedication and absorption. Besides these three dimensions, I studied the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers from the perspective of job resources, job demands and personal resources. The results of the study contained information of the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers that I was able to categorize into five different stages of work engagement: the core of the work, the organizing of work, the communication and management stage, the organizational stage and the personal stage. All of the three dimensions of work engagement clearly emerged from the data. The results of this study lead to a conclusion that the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers are versatile. The results of this study might possibly be of help in strengthening the work engagement factors of kindergarten teachers as well as in recognizing the factors that can negatively influence the experience of work engagement of kindergarten teachers. People who are responsible for developing the field of early childhood education might benefit from the results of this study.
Through all the changing scenes
Men as workers in services for young children : issues of a mixed gender workforce : proceedings of a seminar held at Henley on Thames, 29-31 May 1997
Friedrich Froebel (1782-1852) was a German educator who introduced the concept of kindergarten. This book is a collection of fifteen essays, originally published in German in 1861, on the value of different stages of a child's play. Froebel found an educational value in every phase of the child's play, and in every object that engages its attention. Froebel finds all that the child does significant and of educational importance. In fact, he is the great pioneer and founder of child study as well as of the pedagogic theory of intellectual values. This book, originally published in 1908, was translated and annotated by Emilie Michaelis, Head Mistress of the Croydon Kindergarten and Preparatory School, and H. Keatley Moore, Examiner in Music to the Froebel Society, and Vice-Chairman of the Croydon Kindergarten Company.
Work engagement of kindergarten teachers
Going to kindergarten : a year with an outstanding teacher
A green kid's guide to composting
Teaching young children
Where's walrus?
The last tiger
A child's work : freedom and play in Froebel's educational theory and practice
Teaching kindergarten : learner-centered classrooms for the 21st century
And Tango makes three
Children and minders
Study orientations as indicators of ideologies : a study of five student teacher groups
Teacher preparation for early childhood education
When a Child Protection Related Concern Arises : Kindergarten Teachers' Practices
Becoming a teacher of young children
Stop! : there's a snake in your suitcase
Exploration of Chinese and Finnish kindergarten teachers' perceptions of their professional competence in early childhood education
One night in the zoo
Achieving early years professional status
Helsinki : historiallinen kaupunkikartasto = Helsingfors : historic towns atlas
Experts or good educators - or both? : the development of early childhood educators
The clan of the scorpion
Experts or good educators - or both? : the development of early childhood educators' expertise in Finland
Paddington at the Zoo
The social role and evolution of the teaching profession in historical context. Vol. 6, The history of preschool teachers' profession
The secret garden
"Different realities" - how does social class influence prosessional relatiuoships? : a case study in a kindergarten in Peru
Child care and preschool development in Europe : institutional perspectives
Men who teach young children : an international perspective
A Mother's job : the history of day care 1890-1960
The curious garden
The dreaded noodle-doodles
Stop! : there's a snake in your suitcase!
Pedagogics of the kindergarten : or, his ideas concerning the play and playthings of the child
Teaching young children : choices in theory and practice
Moira's birthday
Luka lives in a world with no trees, no plants, no animals, but one day Luka meets the last tiger, and their friendship leads to an important discovery.
Splat the cat : penguins are cool!
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to increase kindergarten teachersʼ awareness of the importance of supporting childrenʼs self-esteem by creating a play booklet.  We made a functional thesis that consists of a report and a concrete product, a booklet for kindergarten teachers. The subject was discussed with our working-life partner, Helsinki Cityʼs kindergarten, since we wanted to work along their wishes. Based on Michele Borbaʼs self-esteem model we chose five activities that aim to support the different elements of self-esteem of children aged four to five years. When planning the activities we took into consideration this age groupʼs self-esteem, motor and social skills development. To guarantee the functionality of the activities we tested them with our working-life partner. One of the evaluation methods was to gather feedback of the booklet from our working-life partner and one other kindergarten. The idea is that the booklet can be adapted to every kindergartenʼs daily routines and to the kindergarten teachersʼ different ways of working. Ideally each of the activities would be organized with the same group of children and the bookletʼs order of the activities would be followed. This secures the development of self-esteem will be approached holistically.  The chosen theoretical framework successfully supports the booklet and its activities. We managed to create a well-functioning booklet that can be applied to kindergarten teachersʼ various ways of working. With this study we did not evaluate how the activities affect childrenʼs self-esteem, and thus it would be meaningful to conduct a further study about it.
Hospital-associated infections and the safety of alcohol hand gels in children
Leadership in early childhood : the pathway to professionalism
Class two at the zoo
The Zoo rap
Exploring your role : an introduction to early childhood education
All the world
Please may I have some of yours?
The new early years professional : dilemmas and debates
Educational research with our youngest : voices of infants and toddlers
Mortimer's first garden
Professionalism in the early years
