http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5521 information management
information management
Delivery preparations in statistic data warehouse environment
Systems auditability & control study : data processing audit practices report
Intelligence and security informatics : IEEE International Conference on Intelligence and Security Informatics, ISI 2005, Atlanta, GA, USA, May 19-20, 2005 : proceedings
The practical handbook of internet computing
From machine learning to learning with machines:remodeling the knowledge discovery process
Database design : know it all
Enhanced communication security and mobility management in small-cell networks
Information modelling and knowledge bases. 5, Principles and formal techniques
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
The future of knowledge management
Veterinary work management application - MatVet
The new IQ : use your working memory to think stronger, smarter, faster
Concepts and an implementation for product data management
Computer science : achievements and opportunities : report of the NSF Advisory Committee for Computer Research
The Utilization of Employee Competencies : A comparison between Vamp and Wärtsilä
Development of a system for recommendation and search via cloud computing
Information acumen : the understanding and use of knowledge in modern business
Homophily and interpersonal ties as facilitators of knowledge sharing
The purpose of this thesis is to study how to manage information management tool replacement in a large organization, not only from the information management tool perspective but also from the people management point of view. The studied organization is a big international organization spread across six continents. In order to manage information sharing and knowledge in this kind of large organization a working information management system is vital. In the studied organization there is a good information management tool in use which is specifically created to support the organization's process but due to a change in infrastructure strategy that tool is facing ramp-down at short notice. This thesis is written to help the organization with its tool replacement project. This research is quantitative in nature, and is based on literature overview, extensive survey, meetings and discussions. As a starting point for the research a questionnaire study about the current tool was carried out. The survey got 122 answers. The results were analyzed and used as the starting point when studying replacement options for the current functionalities. As a result of this thesis, guidance for a successful tool replacement project and requirement specification for the new tool was created. The results of the study were approved by the organization and were taken into use when the replacement tool creation was started.
Medical informatics : knowledge management and data mining in biomedicine
Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM Tenth International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, November 5 - November 10, 2001, Atlanta, Georgia, USA
CHOOSING AND IMPLEMENTING CRM SYSTEM FOR A SERVICE COMPANY : Nordmaja OÜ
Teamcenter Environment Reporter
The ecology of information work : a case study of bridging archaeological work and virtual reality based knowledge organisation
Framework and Research Agenda for Master Data Management in Distributed Environments
WCMC handbooks on biodiversity information management. Volume 5, Data custodianship and access
Purpose – The purpose of this paper is to examine the barriers associated with the adoption and use  of mobile sales force automation (SFA) systems from a salesperson's perspective.  Design/methodology/approach – A qualitative investigation of two business-to-business  companies was conducted. Data collected from ten semi-structured interviews with directors or sales  managers were analyzed to understand the main barriers to SFA system adoption.  Findings – The study confirms the existence of three barriers (customer knowledge, quality of  information and the characteristics of mobile devices) to a mobile SFA system use and identifies two  additional barriers: lack of time and optimization issues.  Research limitations/implications – The explorative nature of the study and the qualitative  method employed limit the generalizability of the results. The propositions could be further validated  and tested with a wider population.  Practical implications – Organizations wishing to speed the adoption of a mobile SFA system  should evaluate the importance and significance of the five identified barriers to adoption, and plan how  to overcome them. It is important for the providers of the mobile SFA systems to focus on developing  systems that can exploit the different characteristics of each channel and, in parallel, overcome the  inherent limitations of any single channel. The content of an SFA system should be customizable for  each type of mobile device.  Originality/value – Ever increasing mobility has led to a rise in the use of smartphones and tablet  PCs (tablets) in business and the consequent growth in the use of SFA systems. Although SFA systems  have been studied for roughly 30 years, little is known of the impact of newly developed mobile devices  on sales management and sales personnel.
Knowledge management methodology : an empirical approach in core sectors in ESCWA member countries
Organizing information : principles and practice
Knowledge-based decision support systems for production optimization and quality improvement in the electronics industry
SAP EWM architecture and programming
Aspect Oriented Data Management in Autodesk AutoCAD with Microsoft .Net
A knowledge management point of view to developing a global e-commerce centre
Information integration with ontologies : experiences from an industrial showcase
Tin Phong Sales Management System
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Managing science : methodology and organization of research
Cataloging the world : Paul Otlet and the birth of the information age
Information management tool replacement in a large organization
A Conceptual model for collaboration-based farm management information systems
Aspect oriented data management in Autodesk AutoCAD with Microsoft .NET
Database systems : a practical approach to design, implementation, and management
Tensions and contradictions in information management : an activity-theoretical approach to information activities in a swedish youth/peace organisation
Open systems and standards for software product development
Microsoft Project 2010
Understanding context : environment, language, and information architecture
Information architecture : the design and integration of information spaces
Web crawler and information management
AUTOMATED DATA GATHERING FOR INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTION TRACKING
Competence inventory assessment in IT-consultancy  : Case development
SAP query reporting tools
Abstract: This project was carried out for Process Vision Oy and the main goal was to find solutions for improving the current Work Order Management (a part of GENERIS application). As GENERIS is a standard information system for different energy markets, the current Work Order platform needs a more effective management interface. The process of following up with existing work orders needed to be improved, so that users could effectively manage all work order data within the system. The new user interface should be productive, user-friendly and it must follow a common design pattern. Improvement ideas were collected based on existing requirements and analogue use cases. It was necessary to implement a prototype for Work Order Follow Ups module using the existing GENERIS Meter Asset Management platform. Since GENERIS is an energy information system that is built on the Windows operating system, the new implementation was done using the Microsoft Foundation Class framework and the C++ pro-gramming language. The prototype needed to be evaluated and tested against specific use cases using a test database. The result of the project was the implementation of new user interfaces which could in-crease users' productivity in basic use cases. This thesis also analysed the existing work-flow definition object in GENERIS platform, which resembled the work order object. There were certain limits which eliminated the possibility to develop new work order object based on the workflow definition object. However, a suggestion for a new data model was also described in this thesis.
Effective and efficient Risk Information Management : Environment, structure and development in a Case of  Financial institution
Software patterns, organizational learning and software process improvement
Supervisors' emerging role in second-generation knowledge management
Database systems : a practical approach to design, implementation and management
Key papers in information science
The knowledge activists handbook : adventures from the knowledge trenches
Managing knowledge work and innovation
ICT-related intangibles and organizational innovation : indicators for improving
Information for decision making : quantitative and behavioral dimensions
Relational database management with oracle
Web-based learning environment - a scene of social interaction : social psychological viewpoint
Product data management system selection process
Knowledge and special libraries
Unstable feature relevance in classification tasks
Human resource management in the knowledge economy : new challenges, new roles, new capabilities
Inside dBase 5 for Windows
Information acquisition in international business : innovation in a small biotechnology firm
Knowledge management : the bibliography
Security Sage's guide to hardening the network infrastructure
Knowledge sharing in the sales organization : Case: Vital Berry Marketing S.A
The aim of this thesis is to present a theoretically consistent conceptualization of knowledge creation as an interactive event and to test this in a working community in a methodologically coherent manner.This thesis examines the key problems in the body of research of knowledge creation in the field of Knowledge Management, which is attached to the idea of knowledge as an asset inside a human mind, but simultaneously promotes a view of interaction, based on hermeneutic understanding. The study proposes an alternative way to conceptualize and examine knowledge creation, based on hermeneutic phenomenology of Hans-Georg Gadamer and Martin Heidegger. The foci are on the conceptions of a human being and interaction as play. On the basis of the research literature, a framework for examining knowledge creation was developed. The framework was empirically tested in a multi-organizational and multi-professional working community of librarians and teachers, participating in The Joy of Reading Program in Finland. Along with the research literature, the triangulated data consist of ethnographic observations and video recordings of the community's gatherings, its members' interviews and produced documents. The data were analyzed through a qualitative approach.The results show that the phenomenological conceptions of temporality of a human being and play are suitable for understanding being in the knowledge-creating interaction, as they give means to understand the meaningfulness of past experiences, but promote an open attitude towards future possibilities in a way which promotes knowledge creation. Studying interactive events allows for an understanding of how the phenomenon of knowledge creation can be examined as a collective accomplishment. The importance of flexible circumstances is emphasized to promote interaction. The playful mode of being in the event, meaning seriousness and the tendency to be present in the event, was seen as a way to use the time available effectively. The results may be utilized to develop organizational circumstances, which promote knowledge creation by acknowledging the meaningfulness of interaction.In the future, theoretical sampling will be used for testing and developing the framework further in a Finnish Academy's Strategic Research Council's consortium BCDC Energy aiming at developing a cloud computing based market place on renewable energy markets.
A new vision on personal information managing and sharing using instant messaging
DCM365 Development for Power Plant Projects : Improving the Commissioning Processes
Management Challenges in the 21st Century : Digitalization of Society, Economy and Market : Current Issues and Challenges
Product lifecycle management
Information and knowledge-based systems : an introduction
Modern pathfinders : creating better research guides
Indigenous notions of ownership and libraries, archives and museums
Information architecture for information professionals
Crowdsourced health : how what you do on the Internet will improve medicine
Knowledge management : clarifying the key issues
GENERIS Work order management : work order follow ups improvements
Business unIntelligence : insight and innovation beyond analytics and big data
A guided tour of relational databases and beyond
Beginning Microsoft SQL Server 2008 programming
Knowledge management as a learning challenge
eGOOD operational enviroment as a tool for innovative data management within business networks
Developing, Managing and Maintaining Web Applications with Content Management Systems: Drupal and Joomla as case study
The intelligent manager : adding value in the information age
Workflow Management : Models, Methods, and Systems
IT is operationally critical and strategic to an enterprise's success. Implementing best professional management practices should be a management imperative. ITIL and COBIT are two of the most widely adopted frameworks for supporting IT governance and management improvement initiatives.
Data management : an organizational perspective
PLM vision 2016 and beyond
Dataclysm : who we are (when we think no one's looking)
Too big to ignore : the business case for big data
Demystifying big data and machine learning for healthcare
Microsoft Access 2007 data analysis
Automated data gathering for industrial production tracking
Beginning Drupal 8 teaches you how to build, maintain, and manage Drupal 8-based web sites. The book covers what Drupal is, using Drupal when building a new web site, installing and configuring Drupal, creating and managing content, managing users, adding functionality to your web site through Drupal modules, and advanced topics on using themes, panels, and views. The book also builds practical examples of common Drupal sites, such as a company website, a community website, and a commerce website, that you can take and expand on to create your own Drupal 8 sites. By reading this book, you will understand the power of the Drupal platform, and why you should be using Drupal if you're not already. Through following the samples in the book, you will quickly build your confidence and your ability to use Drupal. Beginning Drupal 8 gives you the knowledge necessary to build, deploy, and manage web sites on Drupal 8.
Oracle SQL*Plus : the definitive guide
Exploring discovery : the front door to your library's licensed and digitized content
Product data management mapping in engineering office : case: Citec Engineering Oy
Communication in the software vulnerability reporting process
Multi-domain master data management : advanced MDM and data governance in practice
Computational intelligence methods for quantitative data mining
The data journalism handbook
International Conference on Image Management and Communication in Patient Care
Structures for organizing knowledge : exploring taxonomies, ontologies, and other schemas
Abstract: This project was made for a company that provides a networking website for people who are interested in music. The objective of this project was to develop an application which collects and stores data from two distinct websites namely, http://www.muusikoiden.net and http://www.imperiumi.net. Both websites contain rich information about artists and their gig schedule, which was the main interest of the company. Another goal was to compile one data table that contains all the information which was gathered from the above mentioned sites. The application was developed using a web crawler integrated with Document Object Model Interface, which enables different programming languages to access any websites by representing the components in a more structured form. This crawler was made to iterate for every page in the websites. After parsing, the stored data was analyzed by the application to detect if there were any name prefixes, and remove those prefixes on every occurrence. Finally, a complete table with all the required information was build. Web crawler is a powerful programming application which can help for locating and accessing information from any web documents. And by combining the information it is possible to innovate or make useful analysis.
"This practical, insightful book provides a powerful toolset to help information architects, UX professionals, and web and app designers understand and solve the many challenges of contextual ambiguity in the products and services they create. You'll discover not only how to design for a given context, but also how design participates in making context. Learn how people perceive context when touching and navigating digital environments. See how labels, relationships, and rules work as building blocks for context. Find out how to make better sense of cross-channel, multi-device products or services. Discover how language creates infrastructure in organizations, software, and the Internet of Things. Learn models for figuring out the contextual angles of any user experience"--Back cover.
IT automation : the quest for lights out
Knowledge management : linchpin of change : some practical guidelines
Big data : a revolution that will transform how we live, work, and think
Two-dimensional information theory and coding : with application to graphics and high-density storage media
Augmented Reality Based Knowledge Sharing Solutions for Field Service Personnel
Barriers to the use of mobile  sales force automation system : a salesperson's perspective
Explore extension options in SAP EWM and see how you can meet the unique functionality requirements of your warehouse. Find out how to make Ul changes to transactions or generate condition-dependent actions, learn to program SAP EWM's software components, and extend the Preconfigured Warehouse solution.
Technology know-how capture
Handbook for information literacy teaching
Computer networking : a top-down approach
Information modelling and knowledge bases. 8
With The Data Journalism Handbook, you'll explore the potential, limits, and applied use of this new and fascinating field. This handbook has attracted scores of contributors since the European Journalism Centre and the Open Knowledge Foundation launched the project at MozFest 2011. Through a collection of tips and techniques form leading journalists, professors, software developers, and data analysts, you'll learn how data can be wither the source of data journalism or a tool with which the story is told--or both.
Information in the enterprise : it's more than technology
Introducing product data ownership network
Evernote for dummies
Customer Relationship Management in Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd
CCNA ICND2 : official exam certification guide
The science of managing our digital stuff
Database solutions : a step-by-step guide to building databases
Abstract: A Conceptual model for collaboration-based farm management information systems.
Governing change : how can ERP governance help us to reduce failure rates and promote efficiency in a constanly evolving modern business environment?
Conceptual framework for large-scale complex engineering-design & delivery processes : a case of enterprise SCM network activities and analysis
The knowledge management toolkit : practical techniques for building a knowledge management system
FID bulletin for information & communication
Information management : trends and issues
Improvingsupplier information management in Satmatic Oy
Football Team Tracker System – A Web Application with Agile De-velopment Methodology
Learning to fly : practical lessons from one of the world's leading knowledge companies
Data-ism : inside the big data revolution
Implementing commerce sharpness in strategic management
To innovate, companies must combine multiple and disparate areas of knowledge outside of their core businesses, and they must do it faster and faster. Accessing knowledge and talent has never been so easy and so difficult at the same time. It is easy, because new tools facilitate the task. It is difficult, because it requires finding the needle in the haystack. The problem is that the haystack is growing and the needle must be found more and more quickly. In this book, the authors provide an up-to-date overview of recent, disruptive trends that induce changes in the way large companies deal with innovation. Special attention is given to the impact of the digital wave.
InfoSet Based SAP BI HCM Data Modeling
Management assistant's guide to information seeking
Infrastructure as code : managing servers in the cloud
Big data and analytics : strategic and organizational impacts
From machine learning to learning with machines : remodeling the knowledge discovery process
Third wave project management : a handbook for managing the complex information systems for the 1990s
Systems auditability & control study : data processing control practices report
Implications of utilizing cloud computing in data management
A study in diagnosis using classification and defaults
The DAMA guide to the data mangement body of knowledge : DAMA-DMBOK guide
Data management application with ASP.NET MVC3
Developing Archaeological Database in Finland : case: Lahti City Museum
Globally distributed knowledge sharing in social software environments : barriers and interventions
The organized mind : thinking straight in the age of information overload
Management information systems : readings and cases : a managerial perspective
Interaction for knowledge creation : a phenomenological study in Knowledge Management
Product lifecycle management : 21st century paradigm for product realisation
Automated analysis of feedback in various formats of data : search for methods and tools to extract insights and information
Organizational learning and knowledge management in contexts
The data and analytics playbook : proven methods for governed data & analytic quality
Inside the business enterprise : historical perspectives on the use of information
TAMK Logistics Innovation Laboratory : Project Logivo
The Federative approach to data governance and management in an open information systems environment : a case study on data governance and management of clinical breast cancer treatment data
Business intelligence : the savvy manager's guide
Knowledge management in tourism : policy and governance applications
Processing business data and statistics from IBM WebSphere commerce
Developing Business Intelligence Apps for SharePoint
Exploring firm level market knowledge competence and its implications for the speed and success of export expansion : a mixed methodology study from the software industry
The intelligent web : search, smart algorithms and big data
Python for data science for dummies
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
A logical design methodology for complex databases such as a manufacturing operations database
Beginning database design solutions
Experiencing MIS
Abstract: Aspect oriented data management in Autodesk AutoCAD with Microsoft .NET.
Use cases for operational decision support system
Information management in nursing and health care
Big data for dummies
COCOON and KRISYS : a survey and comparison
Knowledge management in Open Source
Big data : the essential guide to work, life and learning in the age of insight
Googled : the end of the world as we know it
Case studies on data acquisition and automated diagnostics for medium speed diesel engines
This book presents and discusses the main strategic and organizational challenges posed by Big Data and analytics in a manner relevant to both practitioners and scholars. The first part of the book analyzes strategic issues relating to the growing relevance of Big Data and analytics for competitive advantage, which is also attributable to empowerment of activities such as consumer profiling, market segmentation, and development of new products or services. Detailed consideration is also given to the strategic impact of Big Data and analytics on innovation in domains such as government and education and to Big Data-driven business models. The second part of the book addresses the impact of Big Data and analytics on management and organizations, focusing on challenges for governance, evaluation, and change management, while the concluding part reviews real examples of Big Data and analytics innovation at the global level. The text is supported by informative illustrations and case studies, so that practitioners can use the book as a toolbox to improve understanding and exploit business opportunities related to Big Data and analytics.
Knowledge Management in ICT department : Case: Nokian Tyres plc
informaatiolukutaito osana  oppinisprosessia = Information literacy and its role in the learning process
Smart data : enterprise performance optimization strategy
Information modelling and knowledge bases. 7
COMIC : a system for conceptual modelling and information construction
CAFE : towards a conceptual model for information management in electronic mail
Managing information : Helsinki
Developing a crisis communication scorecard : outcomes of an international research project 2008-2011 (Ref.)
Contextual and structural metadata in enterprise document management
Information systems and data analysis : prospects, foundations, applications : proceedings of the 17th Annual Conference of the Gesellschaft für Klassifikation e.V. University of Kaiserslautern, March 3-5, 1993
Knowledge mining using robust clustering
Paradigm shift : the new promise of information technology
Introduction to Windows Azure : an introduction to cloud computing using Microsoft Windows Azure
"Virtualization, cloud, containers, server automation, and software-defined networking are meant to simplify IT operations. But many organizations adopting these technologies have found that it only leads to a faster-growing sprawl of unmanageable systems. This is where infrastructure as code can help. With this practical guide, author Kief Morris of ThoughtWorks shows you how to effectively use principles, practices, and patterns pioneered through the DevOps movement to manage cloud age infrastructure. Ideal for system administrators, infrastructure engineers, team leads, and architects, this book demonstrates various tools, techniques, and patterns you can use to implement infrastructure as code. In three parts, youll learn about the platforms and tooling involved in creating and configuring infrastructure elements, patterns for using these tools, and practices for making infrastructure as code work in your environment."--Amazon.com description, viewed on 12 July 2016.
Understanding information policy : proceedings of a workshop held at Cumberland Lodge, Windsor Great Park, 22-24 July 1996
Management information systems : organization and technology
Foundations of data organization and algorithms : 4th international conference, FODO '93, Chicago, Illinois, USA, October 13-15, 1993 : proceedings
For undergraduate Introduction to Management Information Systems courses. Flexible modules for instructors, real-world lessons for students. Help your students see why MIS is the most important course in the business school with Experiencing MIS.
Data collection analysis and management system
Records management quarterly
Curation : the power of selection in a world of excess
Analyzing and optimizing the order process at the freight forwarder
Dynamic integration of data mining methods in knowledge discovery systems
Information granularity, big data, and computational intelligence
Implementation of manufacturing data management application in the scientific research project
INFORMATION FLOW OPTIMIZATION OF PURCHASING FROM CHINA : Case: Suomen Glasluckan Oy
Big data : a revolution that will transform how we live, work and think
Interfacing and adopting ITIL® and COBIT®
Innovation intelligence : commoditization, digitalization, acceleration, major pressure on innovation drivers
Future trends of data management
The use of corporate responsibility data for business benefits : facilitating data collection, distribution and use with information systems and knowledge management principles
Life-cycle covering traceability and information management for electronic product using RFID
Serving sophisticated ad hoc information needs based on beforehand unknown, autonomous, and heterogeneous XML data sources
Knowledge management in an International Research Centre : a study of technology transfers and benefits to society in a scientific organization, CERN
Creating Framework for Collaboration and Knowledge Management in a Transnational Corporation
Managing nuclear knowledge : strategies and human resource development : summary of an international conference organized by the International Atomic Energy Agency [...et al.] and held in Saclay, 7 - 10 September 2004.
Integrating Master Data Application in a Global Enterprise
Epistemologies of competence related knowledge : a system-theoretical analysis
The file server solution at the Centre for Scientific Computing in Finland
Parallel query processing in shared disk database systems
Information Processing 80 : proceedings of IFIP Congress 80, Tokyo, Japan, October 6-9, 1980, Melbourne, Australia, October 14-17, 1980
