http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5549 lack of safety
lack of safety
Neo-liberal policies and institutional changes have produced a huge and growing number of people with sufficiently common experiences to be called an emerging class. In this book Guy Standing introduces what he calls 'The Precariat' - a growing number of people across the world living and working precariously, usually in a series of short-term jobs, without recourse to stable occupational identities, stable social protection or protective regulations relevant to them. They include migrant workers, but also locals. Standing argues that this class of people could produce new instabilities in society. They are increasingly frustrated and dangerous because they have no voice, and hence they are vulnerable to the siren calls of extreme political parties. He outlines a new kind of good society, with more people actively involved in civil society and the precariat re-engaged. He goes on to consider one way to a new better society - an unconditional basic wage for everyone, contributed by the state, which could be topped up through employment. This is a topical, and a radical book, which will appeal to a broad market concerned by the increasing problems of job insecurity and civic disengagement.
Neverwhere
A place to call home
Landscapes of defence
A philosophy of fear
Securitization of society : crime, risk and social order
A precariat charter : from denizens to citizens
Tiny Prisoners: Two siblings trapped in a world of abuse. One woman determined to free them
Cultures of fear : a critical reader
Feminist methodologies for international relations
The times they are a-changin' : job uncertainty and the flexible labor market
Christianity and the crisis of cultures
The new war on the poor : the production of insecurity in Latin America
Why don't we all live together anymore? : big issues for little people after a family break-up
The caller
Prayers for the stolen : a novel
Loneliness of older people and elements of an intervention for its alleviation
Program design with Pascal : principles, algorithms, and data structures
Female business travellers' sense of security
Youth facing threat and terror : supporting preparedness and resilience
The criminology of place  : street segments and our understanding of the crime problem
Hard choices : security, democracy, and regionalism in Southeast Asia
The coming anarchy : shattering the dreams of the post Cold War
Irrational symmetries : the safest place in the world
When dad hurts mom : helping your children heal the wounds of witnessing abuse
Security, insecurity and migration in Europe
Human security : concepts and implications
Surveillance in the time of insecurity
Globalization, development and human security
Perception of job instability in Europe
Human security in East Asia : challenges for collaborative action
This Discussion Paper provides insights into the challenges posed by the proliferation of small arms and light weapons in West Africa, paying particular attention to the ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons as a collective sub-regional response to a potent threat to peace, security and development. It connects global and regional discourses on illicit arms control and provides a balanced, empirical examination of the performance of the convention. It is a useful contribution to debates on arms-proliferation control in Africa and provides well-informed recommendations of interest to scholars, peace activists, policy practitioners and strategists working on peace and security in Africa
Fear of crime and criminal victimization
The next war in the air : Britain's fear of the bomber, 1908-1941
Seeking security in an insecure world
Violent borders : refugees and the right to move
Bringing together evidence from 15 Western and non-Western societies - ranging from hunter-gatherers to urban Americans - this book examines wife-beating from a worldwide perspective. Cross-cultural comparison aims to give a more accurate picture of cultural influences on wife-battering and to show the commonalities and differences of the phenomenon across world cultures. The authors offer hypotheses concerning the cultural factors that facilitate or discourage wife-beating. The book is intended for scholars and students in anthropology, women's studies and disciplines such as psychology, sociology, public health, nursing and social work, where both scholarship and clinical practice are concerned with the prevention, treatment and elimination of interpersonal violence.
Mummy don't go out tonight
The illustrated mum
The political economy of terrorism
Victimisation and fear in Finland 2003 : interim report of the 2003 national survey of victimisation to accidents, violence, property crime, and fear
Social analysis of security : financial, economic and ecological crime - crime (in)security and (dis)trust - public and private policing
Critical approaches to international security
Globalisation and dimensions of poverty
The precariat : the new dangerous class
Summary.
Fear of crime : interpreting victimization risk
Cities and development
Human security : perspectives and practical examples
Reclaiming childhood : freedom and play in an age of fear
Technologies of inSecurity : the surveillance of everyday life
Crime in context : a critical criminology of market societies
The true story of two neglected little children saved from abuse and transformed by the love and care of foster mother Maggie Hartley.
Insecure times : living with insecurity in contemporary society
Designs for alienation : exploring diverse realities
Abstract: Health behaviour and health among Finnish elderly, Spring 2007, with trends 1993-2007.
The politics of uncertainty : attachment in private and public life
Yob nation : the truth about Britain's yob culture
Child emotional security and interparental conflict
Drugs and security : public opinion regarding security and victimisation in the European Union : contact with drug-related problems
The Challenge of sub-regional security in West Africa : the case of the 2006 ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons
Fear of crime : critical voices in an age of anxiety
Social work and social security in a changing society : festschrift for prof. Pauli Niemelä
This new book takes the debate a stage further-looking in more detail at the kind of progressive politics that might form the vision of a Good Society in which such inequality, and the instability it produces is reduced. A Precariat Charter discusses how rights - political, civil, social and economic - have been denied to the Precariat, and at the importance of redefining our social contract around notions of associational freedom, agency and the commons. The ecological imperative is also discussed - something that was only hinted at in Standing's original book but has been widely discussed in relation to the Precariat by theorists and activists alike"--
Accident and crime victims in Finland 1997 : interim report of the 1997 national accident and crime victim survey
A Little Princess
Community : seeking safety in an insecure world
City of panic
Architecture of fear
Fear : critical geopolitics and everyday life
Birdsong
Natural resources and social conflict : towards critical environmental security
Culture of fear revisited : risk-taking and the morality of low expectation
JUSTIS project working papers : review of need : indicators of public confidence in criminal justice for policy assessment
Finns' opinions on foreign and security policy, defence and security issues
After success : fin-de-siècle anxiety and identity
Culture of fear : risk-taking and the morality of low expectation
Power of the powerless : the process of managing security by workers in the contemporary China
The psychology of terrorism fears
Fear has become an ever-expanding part of life in the West in the twenty-first century. We live in terror of disease, abuse, stranger danger, environmental devastation and terrorist onslaught. We are bombarded with reports of new concerns for our safety and that of our children, and urged to take greater precautions and seek more protection. But compared to the past, or to the developing world, people in contemporary Western societies have much less familiarity with pain, suffering, debilitating disease and death. We actually enjoy an unprecedented level of personal safety. When confronted with events like the destruction of the World Trade Centre, fear for the future is inevitable. But what happened on September 11th 2001 was in many ways an old fashioned act of terror, representing the destructive side of the human passions. Frank Furedi argues that the greater danger in our culture is the tendency to fear achievements representing a more constructive side of humanity. We panic about GM food, about genetic research, about the health dangers of mobile phones. The facts often fail to support the scare stories about new or growing risks to our health and safety. Our obsession with theoretical risks is in danger of distracting society from dealing with the old-fashioned dangers that have always threatened our lives. In this new edition, Furedi relates his own thinking on the sociology of fear to the thought of earlier thinkers such as Darwin and Fred and to the sociological tradition of Durkheim, C. Wright Mills, Anthony Giddens and others.
"Guy Standing's immensely influential 2011 book introduced the Precariat as an emerging mass class, characterized by inequality and insecurity. Standing outlined the increasingly global nature of the Precariat as a social phenomenon, especially in the light of the social unrest characterized by the Occupy movements. He outlined the political risks they might pose, and at what might be done to diminish inequality and allow such workers to find a more stable labour identity. His concept and his conclusions have been widely taken up by thinkers from Noam Chomsky to Zygmunt Bauman, by political activists and by policy-makers.
Sanctions and sanctuary : cultural perspectives on the beating of wives
Global labour flexibility : seeking distributive justice
Abstract: Health behaviour and health among Finnish elderly, Spring 2009, with trends 1993-2009.
Broken windows : the case of Helsinki
14th deadly sin
Attachment and loss. 2, Separation : anxiety and anger
Crime in an insecure world
Public space and the culture of childhood
