http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5542 modal logic
modal logic
Aristotle's modal logic : essence and entailment in the Organon
On modal logic, IF logic, and IF modal logic
Model theory for modal logic : Kripke models for modal predicate calculi
Possible worlds
The nature of necessity
Modal logic for open minds
Modal logic : an introduction
Arithmetical realizations of modal formulas
Collected papers of Stig Kanger : Vol. II : with essays on his life and work. Vol. 2
Proceedings of a Colloquium on Modal and Many-valued Logics : Helsinki, 23-26 August, 1962.
Topics in the philosophy of possible worlds
The metaphysics of modality
Reference and description : the case against two-dimensionalism
Modal fragments of second-order logic
Proof analysis in non-classical logics
A new approach to the logical theory of interrogatives : analysis and formalization
On deontic logic, pragamtics and modality
On Aristotle Prior Analytics 1.8-13 (with 1.17, 36b35-37a31)
Modal logic of time division
Modal logic and its applications
A short introduction to modal logic
Necessary intentionality : a study in the metaphysics of aboutness
Medieval modal systems : problems and concepts
The philosophy of modality investigates necessity and possibility, and related notions--are they objective features of mind-independent reality? If so, are they irreducible, or can modal facts be explained in other terms? This volume presents new work on modality by established leaders in the field and by up-and-coming philosophers. Between them, the papers address fundamental questions concerning realism and anti-realism about modality, the nature and basis of facts about what is possible and what is necessary, the nature of modal knowledge, modal logic and its relations to necessary existence and to counterfactual reasoning. The general introduction locates the individual contributions in the wider context of the contemporary discussion of the metaphysics and epistemology of modality.
Languages of possibility : an essay in philosophical logic
Anselm's other argument
Philosophical papers. Vol. 1
Interrogative belief revision
An introduction to modal logic
Modal logic with descriptions : by Imre Ruzsa
Replacing truth
Modal logic as metaphysics
The unprovability of consistency
Meaning and modality
Normative structures in natural and artificial systems
Handbook of philosophical logic. Vol. 3
Logics of time and computation
The intentions of intentionality and other new models for modalities
Time and modality : being the John Locke lectures for 1955-6 delivered in the University of Oxford
Quine's critique of modal logic and his conception of objects
Quine Critique of Modal Logic and his Conception of Objects
Mere possibilities : metaphysical foundations of modal semantics
Nicolai Hartmann's Possibility and Actuality is a landmark work of modal analysis that describes the logical relations between possibility, actuality, and necessity. It deals with such questions as: How do we know that something is really possible? Is the possible only the actual? Is the actual only the possible? What is the difference between ideal and real possibility? Hartmann reviews the history of philosophical concepts of possibility and necessity, from ancient Megarian philosophy to Aristotle, to Medieval Scholasticism, to Leibniz, Kant, and Hegel. This German-to-English translation enables readers to gain new and fresh insight into Hartmann's important contributions to ontology and the metaphysics of modality.
The logic of common nouns : an investigation in quantified modal logic
Kripke completeness revisited
Introductory modal logic
A new introduction to modal logic
Handbook of modal logic
Handbook of philosophical logic. Vol. 2, Extensions of classical logic
[On välttämätöntä että] and [on mahdollista että] : mini essays in honor of Krister Segerberg
Future logic : categorical and conditional deduction and induction of the natural, temporal, extensional and logical modalities
Modalities : philosophical essays
Filosofisia tutkielmia = Philosophical studies : in honorem Leila Haaparanta
On IF modal logic and its expressive power
Generalizing the Goldblatt-Thomason theorem and modal definability
Five decades of modal logic
Reconstructing state description semantics
A combinatorial theory of modality
Modal thinking
Proceedings of a colloquium on modal and many-valued logics : Helsinki, 23-26 August, 1962.
"It seems reasonable to believe that there might have existed things other than those that in fact exist, or have existed. But how should we understand such claims? Standard semantic theories exploit the Leibnizian metaphor of a set of all possible worlds: a proposition might or must be true if it is true in some or all possible worlds. The actualist, who believes that nothing exists except what actually exists, prefers to talk of possible states of the world, or of ways that a world might be. But even the actualist still faces the problem of explaining what we are talking about when we talk about the domains of other possible worlds. In Mere Possibilities, Robert Stalnaker develops a framework for clarifying this problem, and explores a number of actualist strategies for solving it. Some philosophers have hypothesized a realm of individual essences that stand as proxies for all merely possible beings. Others have argued that we are committed to the necessary existence of everything that does or might exist. In contrast, Mere Possibilities shows how we can make sense of ordinary beliefs about what might and must exist without making counterintuitive metaphysical commitments. The book also sheds new light on the nature of metaphysical theorizing by exploring the interaction of semantic and metaphysical issues, the connections between different metaphysical issues, and the nature of ontological commitment."--Dust jacket.
Types, tableaus, and Gödel's God
Logic : analyzing and appraising arguments
Counterfactuals
Modern modalities : studies of the history of modal theories from medieval nominalism to logical positivism
The possible and the actual : readings in the metaphysics of modality
Decidability of IF modal logic of perfect recall
Information logic of Galois connections
Intentionality, modality and supervenience
Proof theory of modal logic
Ontology
Mathematics without numbers : towards a modal-structural interpretation
Collected papers of Stig Kanger : Vol. I : with essays on his life and work. Vol. 1
Essays in the metaphysics of modality
Philosophical logic
Meaning and necessity : a study in semantics and modal logic
The new theory of reference : Kripke, Marcus and its origins
Modal-logical investigation of communicative actions
Modality
Logic, truth and the modalities : from a phenomenological perspective
Modality matters : twenty-five essays in honour of Krister Segerberg
Nonexistent objects : Meinong and contemporary philosophy
Modal logic and classical logic
Semantical essays : possible worlds and their rivals
Approaches to independence friendly modal logic
On the interpretation of "De interpretatione" XII-XIII
Past, present and future
Modal logics and philosophy
Seeing the future clearly : questions on future contingents by Robert Holcot
Logic for philosophy
Modal logic for philosophers
Self-reference and modal logic
Proof analysis in modal logic
Papers on time and tense
Possibility and actuality
Advances in modal logic. 2
Entailment : the logic of relevance and necessity. Vol. 2
Naming and necessity
Necessary beings : an essay on ontology, modality, and the relations between them
Independence-friendly modal logic : studies in its expressive power and theoretical relevance
Action theory and modal logic
Studies in possibility, ability and not-doing
Philosophical logic in Poland
Modality : metaphysics, logic, and epistemology
Advances in modal logic. 1
