http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5541 possibility
possibility
Principles of equal educational opportunity in post independence Jamaica : 1962-2008
Three aspects of one form of dependence
The book of unknown Americans : a novel
Information services today : an introduction
Future imperfect : technology and freedom in an uncertain world
Topics in the philosophy of possible worlds
Possibility and actuality
Studies in modality and cosmology : plenitude and possibility in the late Ancient and Arabic traditions
Logic and ontology
The art of possibility
International declarations and conventions on the right to education and the freedom of education = Déclarations et conventions internationales sur le droit à l'éducation et la liberté d'enseignement
Agriculture in Middle East : challenges & possibilities
Synchronicity : the bridge between matter and mind
Enhancing staff & educational development
Time & necessity : studies in Aristotle's theory of modality
A summary.
A passion for the possible : thinking with Paul Ricoeur
Possibility, agency and individuality in Leibniz's metaphysics
The role of peatlands in Finnish wood production - an analysis based on large-scale forest scenario modelling
The Taming of change
Harnessing the uncovered opportunities of Open Data
Chance rules : an informal guide to probability, risk and statistics
Community disaster recovery and resiliency : exploring global opportunities and challenges
On the interpretation of "De interpretatione" XII-XIII
The God who may be : a hermeneutics of religion
The improbability principle : why coincidences, miracles and rare events happen all the time
Chance / edited by Margaret Iversen
Enhancing innovation capability and business opportunities : cases of SME-oriented applied research
Mission-shaped and rural : growing churches in the countryside
Fooled by randomness : the hidden role of chance in the markets and in life
Conceivability and possibility
David and Goliath : underdogs, misfits, and the art of battling giants
Barriers to and facilitators of the evidence based practice in nursing homes
The Cambridge companion to Duns Scotus
Possibility and necessity. 1, The role of possibility in cognitive development
Immigrants establishing business in Porvoo : obstacles and opportunities
Business Opportunities of Solar Photovoltaic Home Systems in Vietnam : case study: FOSERA Co. Ltd.
Roadmap for communication technologies, services and business models 2010, 2015 and beyond
Entering the bioeconomy together with skillful partners (English summary)
Impossibility : the limits of science and the science of limits
International opportunity recognition among Finnish SMEs : organic food SMEs in the Baltic Sea region
With this study, I provide insights into international opportunities in the context of early internationalising firms and entrepreneurial selling. I study the changing meanings of international opportunities and the mechanisms of international opportunity construction that entrepreneurs narrate when making sense of these opportunities. I contribute to the international entrepreneurship literature that takes an integrative and processual approach to entrepreneuring and international opportunity. I view international opportunities as socially, temporally and spatially situated. By drawing from the socially situated cognition approach, I direct analytical focus to the contextual, changing interpretations of international opportunity and the dynamic process of international opportunity construction.I take a narrative constructionist approach to this study. My empirical material consists of five entrepreneurs' narratives. They describe past, present and future international opportunities in the context of ongoing early international entry or expansion and entrepreneurial selling in international business-to-business sales negotiation.With this study, I contribute to an in-depth, processual understanding of international opportunities. I identify multiple meanings of international opportunities as product, service, business model, relationship, and/or foreign market opportunities. By describing transformations between these manifestations of international opportunity and the interactions that produce them across diverse intersubjective spaces, I depict journeys of articulated representations of international opportunities becoming concrete opportunities. I find dichotomies within and between different meanings of international opportunities and related actions and interactions. Specialisation versus flexibility, entrepreneurs' involvement versus professional salespeople's involvement, and replicated versus contextually adapted processes are problematised with respect to different manifestations of international opportunity.
ERM - from Risk Management to Leading the Opportunities
Kant's modal metaphysics
The book of unknown Americans
Wittgenstein and the problem of other minds
Sales prospecting campaign for Elbit Oy
If I could turn back time
The last lecture
Nicolai Hartmann's Possibility and Actuality is a landmark work of modal analysis that describes the logical relations between possibility, actuality, and necessity. It deals with such questions as: How do we know that something is really possible? Is the possible only the actual? Is the actual only the possible? What is the difference between ideal and real possibility? Hartmann reviews the history of philosophical concepts of possibility and necessity, from ancient Megarian philosophy to Aristotle, to Medieval Scholasticism, to Leibniz, Kant, and Hegel. This German-to-English translation enables readers to gain new and fresh insight into Hartmann's important contributions to ontology and the metaphysics of modality.
Entrepreneurship prospects in Finland are high as the Finnish economic policy foster entrepreneurship possibilities. The aim of this research is to enlighten prospective immigrant entrepreneurs in Porvoo on the problems encountered by immigrant entrepreneurs. The study is also geared to reveal the opportunities available in Porvoo and the approaches immigrant entrepreneurs could use to enhance better business operations.A qualitative research method was adopted to acquire detailed information and a semi-structured interview approach was used to keep the conversation towards the research aims. The survey was carried out between July and September 2010. A total of seven immigrant entrepreneurs, one business advisor and six international business students of the Porvoo Unit of HAAGA HELIA UAS were interviewed. Other information for the research was obtained from websites of the appropriate authorities, articles, previous researches, books, and printed documents. The theoretical framework is structured to create better comprehension of the research topic. The findings of the research reveal that most immigrant entrepreneurs in Porvoo have prior experience and they have lived and have been operating their business in Finland for several years. The study also revealed that they encounter problems like high competition, noticeable traces of discrimination, difficulty at the early stage of their businesses, unfavorable business location, and incompetent employees. Businesses such as services for the ageing population, tourist services, import and supply of gift items, hair salons and spa are revealed as other possibilities for immigrant entrepreneurs in Porvoo. Furthermore, support possibilities that could enhance business success among immigrant are noted as opportunities that most immigrant entrepreneurs in Porvoo fail to utilize. Finally, recommendations are made based on the research findings and the knowledge acquired from the theory part of the research and suggestions are given for further research.
A theory of possibility : a constructivistic and conceptualistic account of possible individuals and possible worlds
Free will : an historical and philosophical introduction
Entrepreneurship : from opportunity to action
Marketing Opportunities of Handicrafts in Finland
Retail supply chain : challenges and prospects
Immigrants Establishing Business in Porvoo  : Obstacles and Opportunities
Entrepreneurial business opportunity recognition : relationships between intellectual and social capital, environmental dynamism, opportunity recognition behavior, and performance
Accelerated internationalisation as a network-based international opportunity development process
Possibility for decision : a possibilistic approach to real life decisions
New product development : case company: Studentum.fi
Gender, education and employment : an international comparison of school-to-work transitions
The Promise of Pop-Up Entrepreneurship Towards Temporality And Ambidexterity On Entrepreneuring
A combinatorial theory of modality
A possible life : a novel in five parts
Capabilities for managing project alliances
Masters of change : how great leaders in every age thrived in turbulent times
Forest certified liquid and food packages : future threats, possibilities and trends
How to predict the unpredictable : the art of outsmarting almost everyone
Beyond coincidence : stories of amazing coincidences and the mystery and mathemathics that lie behind them
The metaphysics of modality
The role of foreign exchange risk management in multinational corporations' global strategy : a case study of Finnish MNCs hedging strategies against the Chinese yuan
Virtual history : alternatives and counterfactuals
Ontology, causality and mind : essays in honour of D. M. Armstrong
Communication for development : meeting today's agriculture and rural development challenges : final repor, Rome, Italy 14-16 September 2011.
Constrained life changes : intergenerational transmission of income in Finland
Policy-practice gap in participation of students with disabilities in Ethiopia's formal vocational education programme
New venture creation in software business:a contextually embedded entrepreneur’s perspective
Swimming in the moon
When the night comes
Towards conceptually comprehensive and integrated theory of entrepreneurial opportunity
Evaluation and reasoning in the entrepreneurial opportunity process : narratives from sex industry entrepreneurs
Real existence, ideal necessity : Kant's compromise, and the modalities without the compromise
David and Goliath : underdogs, misfits and the art of battling giants
Between saying and doing : towards an analytic pragmatism
Deleuze, Whitehead, Bergson : rhizomatic connections
Managing change in organizations
The entrepreneur in focus : achieve your potential
Tuntematon ihminen - suunnittelun ongelma : Tampereen teknillisen korkeakoulun arkkitehtiosastossa 10.11.1971 pidetty virkaanastujaisesitelmä = Den okända människan - planeringens problem : resume av professor Helmer Stenros' installationsföredrag d. 10.11.1971 vid arkitektavdelningen i Tekniska högskolan i Tammerfors = Man the unknown - problem of planning : summary of the inaugural lecture given in the department of architecture, Tamepere University of Technology, on 10.11.1971
The case against school choice : politics, markets, and fools
Jatropha: a smallholder bioenergy crop : the potential for pro-poor development
Evaluation of Business Opportunities in Energy Industry in Northwest Russia. Case: CTS Engtec Oy
Possible worlds
Narratives of international opportunities in entrepreneurial selling
Imagination first : unlocking the power of possibility
The possible and the actual : readings in the metaphysics of modality
Crisis: opportunity or threat to corporate reputation : case: Metsä-Botnia Uruguay
Hope : a philosophical inquiry
Opportunities and challenges for smallholder ruminant systems in Latin America : resource management, food safety, quality and market access
Possibility and necessity. 2, The role of necessity in cognitive development
Modalities in medieval philosophy
