http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p554 leadership (activity)
leadership (activity)
Journal of management
Strategic management : awareness and change
Managing smaller projects : a practical guide
Strategic management : concepts and cases
Learning to be Adventurous in Business
5 way management : maximising your all round impact
"Events Feasibility and Development: From Strategy to Operations" answers two fundamental questions faced by all events planners and organisers: 'how do I justify this event to the client?' and 'why are we spending money on this event?' With a user-friendly learning structure containing bullet points, questions and exercises and international case studies (Australian Taxation Office, Saudi Arabian events returns, Fuji-Xerox events), "Events Feasibility and Development: From Strategy to Operations" looks at issues such as: The process of creating a feasibility study; Events forecasting models and cost/benefit analysis; Types of events (exhibitions, sports, festivals) and their benefits and returns; Project management tools for measuring return on investment; Presents tools, techniques and arguments for justifying expenditure on event and festivals; Guides the reader through the project management process moulding existing models of cost benefit analysis for the events industry; and, International case study material is used throughout to add practical insight and support theory.
Cases in marketing management
Enabling leadership promotes a positive working climate
Aalto leaders' insight
The new leaders : guidelines on leadership diversity in America
Design Management : managing design strategy, process and implementation
Successful leadership skills
Intelligent leadership and leadership competencies : developing a leadership framework for intelligent organizations
Leadership in organizations
Corporate stategy and business planning
The book Managing Virtual Teams explores the critical elements that must be considered in managing virtual teams in organizations from structural, managerial, and process points-of-view. Based in solid research, the book provides a deep look at the nature of virtual teams and the factors that enable their success.Using a text-analysis method, the book consolidates results from both academic and practitioners' sources about virtual team inputs, processes, and outcomes. It lays out in clear detail the key characteristics of virtual teams and traces their emergence within organizations and research literature. Managing Virtual Teams addresses the particular practices of virtual teams, not only technological-focused but also socio-emotional, including the managerial attitudes required in virtual environments seeking well-performing teams. Incorporating case studies and research results, this book demonstrates how academic research can be used to successfully manage businesses in a virtual context.This book is a valuable contribution with clear guidelines for managerial practice, both for researchers interested in learning about virtual teams and to managers and organizations dealing with the challenges of managing them. Students will also benefit from this book as they learn how to become effective and operational virtual team members, and in future, successful managers.
Strategic management for travel and tourism
The handbook of project-based management : improving the processes for achieving strategic objectives
Leadership and Nursing : Contemporary Perspectives
By accident or by design? : social enterprise leaders' stories of their career choice
""A collection of direct quotes from Richard Branson on topics related to business, entrepreneurship, the Virgin Group, philanthropy, and life"--Provided by publisher"--
"Richard Branson, who has been called "England's most outrageous billionaire," is also one of the world's most successful business leaders. Since the age of 16, when he founded Student magazine, Branson has been creating companies and finding innovative ways to grow them into the prodigious conglomerate known as the Virgin Group. At the age of 20, Branson founded a mail-order record retailer. Two years later he built a recording studio where the first artist signed to his Virgin label, Mike Oldfield, recorded the haunting soundtrack to The Exorcist. Decades later, industries as varied as entertainment (Virgin Music), retail (Virgin Megastores), transportation (Virgin Airlines), and telecommunications (Virgin Mobile) all bear Branson's business moniker. For the first time, the most thought-provoking, revealing, and inspiring quotes from Branson are compiled in a single book.  Virgin Rebel: Richard Branson in His Own Words is a comprehensive guidebook to the inner workings of the Virgin Group chairman and founder. Hundreds of Branson's best quotes, comprising thoughts on business, music, entrepreneurship, politics, exploration, and life lessons, provide an intimate and direct look into the mind of this modern business icon. "--
Scandinavian journal of management
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
Develop your leadership skills
We live in an age of unparalleled opportunity for innovation. We're building more products than ever before, but most of them fail--not because we can't complete what we set out to build, but because we waste time, money, and effort building the wrong product. What we need is a systematic process for quickly vetting product ideas and raising our odds of success. That's the promise of Running Lean. In this inspiring book, Ash Maurya takes you through an exacting strategy for achieving a "product/market fit" for your fledgling venture, based on his own experience in building a wide array of product.
INITIATING CULTURE OF LEADERSHIP IN A LOGISTICS COMPANY
International Business Management : A Master`s Degree Revised
In "Design for Services", Anna Meroni and Daniela Sangiorgi articulate what Design is doing and can do for services, and how this connects to existing fields of knowledge and practice. Designers previously saw their task as the conceptualisation, development and production of tangible objects. In the twenty-first century, a designer rarely 'designs something' but rather 'designs for something': in the case of this publication, for change, better experiences and better services. The authors reflect on this recent transformation in the practice, role and skills of designers, by organising their book into three main sections. The first section links "Design for Services" to existing models and studies on services and service innovation. Section two presents multiple service design projects to illustrate and clarify the issues, practices and theories that characterise the discipline today; using these case studies the authors propose a conceptual framework that maps and describes the role of designers in the service economy. The final section projects the discipline into the emerging paradigms of a new economy to initiate a reflection on its future development.
Handbook of conducting
"Digital disruption continues to cause great confusion for companies of all sizes. For every Kodak-like implosion there's an Uber-like winner-takes-all success. The pace, direction, and impact of digital change has become more sudden, severe, and harder to predict. Think of the car industry and the advent of the self-driving vehicle. Or how the digital cigarette has transformed an industry that may no longer call itself tobacco. These types of disruptions change the game for industries from healthcare to sports equipment. There's no cookie-cutter strategy to get companies through the multi-dimensional nature of the digital beast. Even the sharpest leaders can become disoriented as change builds on change, leaving almost nothing certain. To stand still is to fail. Enterprises and leaders must re-master themselves to succeed. Leaders must identify the key macro forces, then lead their organizations at three distinct levels: industry, enterprise, and self. By doing this they cannot only survive but clean up. Digital to the Core makes the case that all leaders, and particularly CEOs at the helm, must understand the impact the digital revolution will continue to play in their industries, companies, and leadership style and practices. Drawing on interviews from 40 top C-level executives in some of the world's most powerful companies and government organizations, including GE, Ford, Tory Burch, Babolat, McDonalds, and the US Department of Energy, this book delivers cutting-edge insights from those on the front lines. The authors incorporate Gartner's annual research from top CIOs and CEOs and also apply the deep knowledge and qualitative insights they have acquired as practitioners, management researchers, and advisors over decades in the business. Above all else, Raskino and Waller want companies and their top leaders to understand the full impact of digital technology and integrate it at the core of their businesses. "--
Fundamentals of strategic management
Leadership - a lifetime quest for excellence
Strategic management : text and concepts
Originals : how non-conformists move the world
Trump : the art of the deal
Managing successful teams
Sport management : principles and applications
Elephant in the room : how relationships make or break the success of leaders and organizations
The power of simplicity : a management guide to cutting through the nonsense and doing things right
International business : the new realities
Total performance scorecard : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
A very short, fairly interesting and reasonably cheap book about knowledge management
Agile by design : an implementation guide to analytic lifecycle management
Management of banking
Winning : the answers : confronting 74 of the toughest questions in business today
The development of managerial skills : business reference guide
Running Lean: iterate from plan a to a plan that works
Contemporary management
International business and information technology : interaction and transformation in the global economy
HOSPITALITY MANAGEMENT : Impact of internship on hotel operation
Inside the box : a proven system of creativity for breakthrough results
Establishing dealer relationship in a market network
This text provides a comprehensive survey of the major theories and research on leadership and managerial effectiveness in formal organizations with practical suggestions for improving leadership skills.
A global perspective on contextual management
Projektin Johdon Pätevyys 3.0 = National Competence Baseline 3.0
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of mindfulness
Knowledge, Information and Quality in Organizations : Case: Developing an Interest Group Information Database for Tampereen Logistiikka
Strategic management in the arts
Ackoff's best : his classic writings on management
Dynamic management in industry
How to make strategy work for you : self-assessment work book for SME's : 36 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separetes the successful from the average
A handbook of management techniques
Leadership and student learning in higher education
Standardizing the commissioning phase of RTG cranes to improve product safety and quality : 16WA RTG Commissioning procedure
Strategic Management
Changing school management : status review - May 2012
Long considered the standard for all organizational behavior textbooks, this text provides the research you want, in the language your students understand. This text continues its tradition of making current, relevant research come alive for students. This edition has been thoroughly updated to reflect the most current recent research for Organizational Behavior, while maintaining its hallmark features -clear writing style, cutting-edge content, and engaging pedagogy. This text is commited to provide the kind of engaging, cutting-edge material that helps students understand and connect with organizational behavior.
Sun Tzu's art of war
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
Successful project management in social work and social care : managing resources, assessing risks and measuring outcomes
How to run a theatre : a witty, practical and fun guide to arts management
Professional management : new concepts and proven practices
Collective creativity for resbonsible and sustainable business practice
The sales acceleration formula : using data, technology, and inbound selling to go from $0 to $100 million
Leadership and Managment as Basic Success for a VC Company in China : Case Study - Sequoia Capital China
Effective Project Risk management in Micro Companies : Case study for Persona Optima Iceland ehf.
Coaching as a tool for performance management : a case study at Company X
Culture and talent management in Chinese context : a case study of Huawei Technologies Co Ltd
The EFQM excellence model for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
The will to manage : corporate success through programmed management
Establishing Process Management: Case BillerudKorsnäs Finland Oy
Facilities management : towards best practice
Organizational culture & employee behavior
Achieving competitive advantage through quality management
Project manager's portable handbook
Abstract: Project management in ICT organization : how to enable and support the unified way of working. The present thesis was made to Tieto Oyj. The aim of this thesis was to build a model on how a project manager works at Tieto and to develop a tool to support the model. The main focus of this thesis was the tool and its implementation. Many sections of this thesis are classified, so there is lot of material in the appendixes. The study was conducted as an action research. The objectives and research questions were formulized studying first the current situation by investigating employee satisfaction and customer satisfaction surveys. Moreover, an additional questionnaire about the tools was sent to the project managers. Actual work started at the end of 2009 and both the model and the tool were implemented during 2011. The theory base for this study was primarily in project management. Leadership, organization culture and change management theories were used as supporting theories. Based on the theories and the existing knowledge the model for solving the challenges was built. The model was then taken forward as a concept and a tool. As a result of this work the model, a frame, was build and it will function also as a model for the upcoming development work in Project Management area. Model identifies what kind of expectations there were for project managers and requirements for performing the tasks. The tool developed on the basis of the model gathers all the supported tools to one place, so that it is easier for project managers to find them. The tool also provides a view to the most important key performance indicators, latest documentation, support and it helps to keep contact with the project members. The implemented model for project management work is very useful and its development needs to continue. In addition the developed and implemented tool Project Desktop is only in its first production phase. Feedback from project managers about the tool has been very positive. The offered help and support for project managers has also affected positively on customer feedback. There are other development projects ongoing at the same time and it is important that these improved tools will be brought to the Project Desktop as well.
The 80/20 principle : the secret of achieving more with less
The Handbook of Cliometrics is a milestone in the field of historical economics and econometric history through its emphasis on the concrete contribution of cliometrics to our knowledge in economics and history. The articles in the handbook authored by the leading scholars in the fields, stress the usefulness of cliometrics for economists, historians and social scientists in general. The Handbook offers a comprehensive coverage of topics with each article providing an overview of the contributions of cliometrics to a particular topic. The Handbook sets a new standard of quality in the field by offering a world-wide forum of discussion in cliometrics.
Design for services
Motivational strategies used by principals in the management of schools : the case of some selected secondary schools in the Fako Division of the Southwest Region of Cameroon
Innovation in human resource management : tooling up for the talent wars
Qualitative methods in management research
Enterprise and small business : principles, practice and policy
Management for a small planet : strategic decision making and the environment
The business of sport management
World Class Communication : How Great CEOs Win with the Public, Shareholders, Employees, and the Media
Managerial behavior, performance and effectiveness
Good to great : why some companies make the leap...and others don't
Encouraging learning and development : how to apply the Investors in People (IIP) standard : self-assessment work book : 25 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples. Part 2
Digital to the core : remastering leadership for your industry, your enterprise, and yourself
Human resource management for events : managing the event workforce
Lean Six Sigma for service : how to use Lean Speed and Six Sigma Quality to improve services and transactions
Club management : the national management of clubdom
The characteristics of Japanese style human resource management
“It's more like a growth process than a bunch of answers” : university leaders describe themselves as leaders
Project management in ICT organization : how to enable and support the unified way of working
Psychology of officiating
The tao at work : on leading and following
Leadership and management in service organisations
The EFQM excellence model for entrepreneurs : self-assessment work book : what separates the successful from the average?
Management and organisational behaviour
The leadership challenge : how to get extraordinary things done in organizations
Asian brand strategy : building and sustaining strong global brands in Asia
Trust, organizations and social interaction : studying trust as process within and between organizations
Superboss 2 : the new A-Z of managing people successfully
Psychology for leaders : using motivation, conflict, and power to manage more effectively
Built to last
Sun Tzu on management : the art of war in contemporary business strategy
The Phoenix agenda : power to transform your workplace
Business intelligence : making decisions through data analytics
Managers and strategic decisions : does the cognitive style matter?
Strategy tools and strategy toys : management tools in strategy work
Outsourcing and management : why the market benchmark will topple old school management styles
Clear leadership : how outstanding leaders make themselves understood, cut through the mush, and help everyone get real at work
Management and organisations in social work
Attitude of strategic managers toward formalized corporate planning : a study of its variance explained by organizational variables and of its effects on the profitability of the firm
Patient safety management : available models and systems
Profitable garden center management
Importance of Total Quality Management : Case Study: Nyayo Tea Zone Development Corporation
Leadership and culture in the context of SMEs : Case company- Finnlumber oy
The witch doctors : what management gurus are saying, why it matters and how to make sense of it
Handbook for creative and innovative managers
Six Sigma for dummies
Strategic leadership : how to think and plan strategically and provide direction
The art of managing : how to assess and perfect your management style
The Routledge companion to international management education
The design manager's handbook
Extending understandings of early childhood education leadership: guest editorial
We are all us : Case study on implementing agile methods in an organization
Making management work : a practical approach
Collaborative management of national parks : the case of Retezat National Park, Romania
The connective edge : leading in an interdependent world
Rethinking education : the consequences of Jurassic management
Reasons for the transition of the processing trade industry from OEM to OBM: Case study: Hangzou Alpha Imp & Exp Co., Ltd
Communicating for managerial effectiveness
The manager's pocketbook
The dream society : how the coming shift from information to imagination will transform your business
Now available in a fully revised and updated fourth edition, Sport Management: Principles and Applications introduces the sport industry and examines the role of the state, non-profit and professional sectors in sport. It focuses on core management principles and their application in a sporting context, highlighting the unique challenges faced in a career in sport management. Written in an engaging and accessible style, each chapter has a clear structure designed to make key information and concepts simple to find and to utilize. Chapters contain a conceptual overview, references, further reading, links to important websites, study questions and up-to-date case studies from around the world to show how theory works in the real world, and a companion website offers additional activities for students and guidance notes and slides for instructors. The book covers every core functional area of management, including: * strategic planning * organizational culture * organizational structures * human resource management * leadership * governance * financial management * marketing * performance management. This fourth edition also includes expanded coverage of sport media, change management and other contemporary management issues, providing a comprehensive introduction to the practical application of management principles within sport organizations. It is ideal for first and second year students on sport management related courses, as well as those studying business-focused or human movement courses seeking an overview of applied sport management principles.
Creating effective leader's through situational leadership approach
Cultural blindness as a strength of a leader : case: Finnish coordinators leading multinational, decentralized, and virtual teams
Making sense of innovation management
The first-time manager
Essentials of Nursing Leadership and Management
How to be a positive leader : small actions, big impact
Managing virtual teams
Strategy, opportunity identification and entrepreneurship : a study of the entrepreneurial opportunity identification process
Fifty key figures in management
Making organisations work
Six sigma for managers
European journal of international management
Sun Tzu : the keeprof CEOS' concience
Strategic purchasing practices : the case study of PAUL Bakery UK
IMPROVING INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS DEGREE STUDENTS’ TUTOR SERVICE SYSTEM IN KYUAS
The new supervisor's survival manual
Introduction to Management Science
Relationship-oriented communicative managerial practices to promote effectiveness in long-term multicultural teams : managers' perceptions of their successful practices at a multinational organization
New technologies challenging old structures of governance : STAGE Finnish anchoring case
Organizational Development and Coaching in Complex Environment
Goal directed project management : effective techniques and strategies
Leadership : the power of emotional intelligence : selected writings
The conductor and his baton : funda,emtals of the technic of conducting
Implementing supply chain strategy
Developing the leaders around you
New management technologies and transition to market economies : proceedings of the Post-Conference on M/S Sally Albatross July 1 - 3, 1992
Diversity Management - Challenges and Possibilities
When municipalities lead co-production : Lessons from a Danish case study
Neuroscience and leadership : awareness, relevance and applications of neuroscience principles within leadership development in Germany
Strategic leadership : making corporate plans work
Schools that learn : a fifth discipline fieldbook for educators, parents, and everyone who cares about education
Case study research : a theoretical overview, systematic review & analytical examination regarding Rosenzweig's delusions
Managing maintenance resources
Implementation plan for an online business community - A case study in logistics
Project team dynamics : enhancing performance, improving results
Restoring culturally appropriate African leadership : a case study of Finnish, Kenyan and Tanzanian perspectives on a leadership and management training programme
Management and the arts
Coaching world
Design management for architects
Strategic management : principles and practice
Enhancing university students' study success through caring leadership
Visualization of financial planning models : the case of MCDM in commercial banking
Changing conceptions of leadership
International dictionary of management : a practical guide
The innovation handbook
Developing Managerial Competence
Principles of retailing
From Risk Management to Opportunity Management: An Institutional Approach
Trust, Organizations and Social Interaction aims to promote new knowledge about trust in an organizational context. The book provides case-analysis of how trust is formed through processes of social interaction in which actors observe, reflect upon and make sense of trust behaviour and its meaning in an organizational and social environment. It greatly contributes to clarifying what a process view may mean in trust research and to the understanding how social interaction processes affect trust.The contributing authors demonstrate how trust and distrust are produced and reproduced in a complex interplay with social processes and practices. Instead of asking how trust may be measured or how trust is a resource for managers, they explore how trust develops and how managers become intertwined with and caught up in trust processes.
When teams collide : managing the international team successfully
The management of remuneration : paying for effectiveness
Stewardship : choosing service over self-interest
A kick in the attitude : an energizing approach to recharge your team, work, and life
Making sense of change management : a complete guide to the models, tools and techniques of organizational change
The leadership experience
Only the paranoid survive : how to exploit the crisis points that challenge every company and career
Effective leadership
Students of coaching and coaches need the proper resources in order to enhance their practice. This handbook is an interdisciplinary collection of coaching theory and practice by over twenty practitioners from across five countries. It provides overview of all the theoretical constructs that are used in current coaching practices, and spans theories ranging from adult psychology to self-help. With summaries of theoretical traditions related to coaching and concrete applications, the book is ideal for coaches who want to better understand their practice, expand their toolkit, and increase their credibility.
The EFQM excellence model for public organisations : self-assesment work book : what separates the successfull from the avarage?
Routledge handbook of sports event management
A concept analysis for strategic leadership
A CSR awareness program to enhance capacity building in good governance of multi-cultural employees and safe operations : good governance of multi-cultural safety : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140203)
HOSTING A MEMORABLE EVENT : Case: Food Festival in Ostrobothnia
Strategy and human resources management
High output management
The dynamics of management
Managing knowledge work and innovation
How to win friends and influence people
On Strategic Leadership
Laborgistics : a new strategy for management
An assession of the applicability of shared leadership tenets in Cameroon : the case of Buea municipality
The handbook of knowledge-based coaching : what we really do when we coach
The Development of the Information Sharing Process by Lean Philosophy
An action-oriented perspective on caring leadership : a qualitative study of higher education administrators' positive leadership experiences
Solution Readiness Assessment : guiding corporate decision making
Management colsultancy : - what next?
Social contagion of autonomous motivation among professional educators : as a resource of leadership in schools
Community Management and its role in a Business Model. : A qualitative study on online community’s progress in the business world and how it is used
The relative importance of formal management and intuitive implementation in small business to business service enterprises : a comparative study of the management practice in seven enterprises in Lahti, Finland
Cognitive maps and a hyperknowledge support system in strategic management
Handbook of Cliometrics
The end of power : from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn't what it used to be
The IABC handbook of organizational communication : a guide to internal communication, public relations, marketing, and leadership
Towards the design of an agile enterprise architecture management method
Developing skills for ethical management
Managing people : a practical guide for line managers
Inside conducting
A leader's legacy
Crises and scandals in the world of international management have brought a new spotlight onto how the subject is taught, studied and understood. There has been a plethora of literature on international management, but a lack of focus on how international management education (IME) can be shaped to respond to existing and future global business challenges. The Routledge Companion to International Management Education gathers together contributors from academia, industry and university administration involved in IME, to: introduce the domain of IME; describe the emerging state in new geographical areas; discuss the major issues and debates revolving around IME; explore the linkage of technology and international management, and shed light on the future of IME. The diverse background of the contributors provides a global perspective that challenges the dominant Anglo-American view, with up-to-date specific insights originating from their indigenous view points, which has often been neglected and inadequately covered. The volume answers important questions, such as: Do we need a vision in IME? What is the current state of IME? How has IME grown in emerging market segments? What roles does technology play in its recent development? The volume provides thought-provoking reading for educators, administrators, policy makers, human resources professionals and researchers. It will also give future international management students a glimpse of IME from a global inside-out perspective.
The 21st century executive : innovative practices for building leadership at the top
Information pathways for the competence foresight mechanism in talent management framework
Participative leadership practice in junior high schools and actions to improve the practice : a case study of Sekyere south district, Ghana
The value of arts for business
Corporate recovery : a guide to turnaround management
Probability and statistics for business decisions : an introduction to managerial economics under uncertainty
The "how to" guide for managers
Responsible research and innovation in industry : the case for corporate responsibility tools
Trans-cultural leadership for transformation
Global business management in the 1990s
The tools of leadership
Strategic business management : creating competitive advantage in global economy
California management review
Reporting on biodiversity and ecosystem services under the GRI : case study in the global forest sector
Management : an introduction
Implementation of marketing automation system  : Capturing and nurturing leads in long sales cycle investment goods business
Just about managing? : effective management for voluntary organisations and community groups
Service quality measurement : issues and perspectives
Flying solo or working together? How are the media professionals managed? : perceptions of heads of PR-agencies and editors-in-chief
Cases in public relations management : the rise of social media and activism
Strategic maintenance planning
The Nordic superintendents' leadership roles : cross national comparison
Leading libraries : how to create a service culture
Code of Practice for Project Management for Construction and Development
Management : the key to organizational effectiveness
TQM for sales and marketing management
Organizational behavior
Managing a New Generation Marketing Agency
Organizational development and coaching in complex environment
Events feasibility and development : from strategy to operations
Virgin rebel : Richard Branson in his own words
The handbook of crisis communication
