http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5548 basic trust
basic trust
Human rights in a changing East-West perspective
American blacklist : the attorney general's list of subversive organizations
Constitutional law of the European Union
The parliament of man : the past, present, and future of the United Nations
Watchdog of loyalty : the Minnesota Commission of Public Safety during World War I
Interlocking constitutions : towards an interordinal theory of national, European and UN law
Why don't we all live together anymore? : big issues for little people after a family break-up
The girl who kicked the hornets' nest
Brownlie's law of public order and national security
Spying on democracy : government surveillance, corporate power and public resistance
Contemporary European foreign policy
Human rights in the OSCE region : Europe, Central Asia and North America : report 2005 (events of 2004)
Europe's 21st century challenge : delivering liberty
Human security in peacebuilding : training manual
Raising parents : attachment, parenting and child safety
The monopolization of international criminal law in the United Nations : a jurisprudential approach
Patient's rights : informed consent, access and equality
The social dimension of the European Union
The true story of two neglected little children saved from abuse and transformed by the love and care of foster mother Maggie Hartley.
National security and the European Convention on human rights
Abstract: The poor in diaconal work.
Raising parents : attachment, representation, and treatment
Data protection by design and default :  a study on new European operational data protection principles under the article 25 of the new European general data protection regulation and on their application in practice from the perspective of the private data controllers and processors
Core statutes on public law and human rights
Threat to the peace : Security Council's interpretation of article 39 of the United Nations Charter
Voimankäytön oikeussäännöt : selvitys eduskunnan ulkoasiainvaliokunnalle = Legal grounds for the use of force in international relations : commentary to the Foreign Affairs Committee of Parliament
In pursuit of the UnSafe : locating the native artist
Our global neighborhood : the report of the Commission on Global Governance
The charter of the United Nations : a commentary
Declaration of minimum humanitarian standards
An introduction to the international protection of human rights : a textbook
Securitization of society : crime, risk and social order
The strength of diversity : human rights and pluralist democracy
Balancing civil rights and security : American judicial responses since 9/11. Thirteenth volume, second series, Terrorism: documents of international & local control
The police in DRC are indeed a permanent domestic risk. The lack of policy, service or management regime for the acquisition of equipment explains the deficient, dilapidated, obsolete and very often inappropriate equipment. Moreover, police units have very weak operational capacity and police officers lack self-confidence and pride in their profession. These shabbily dressed men and women in faded uniforms daily develop an indifferent attitude towards their profession and work in general. Inefficient and ineffective, the Congolese policeforce is wholly demoralised and unprofessional. This has negatively affected the relationship between police and population. It has led to the withdrawal of people's cooperation, a must for successful police work and for meeting people's expectations.
The world of science and the rule of law : a study of the observance and violations of the human rights of scientists in the participating states of the Helsinki Accords
Essays on human rights in the Helsinki process
Limits to power? : legal and institutional control over the competence of the United Nations Security Council under Chapter VII of the Charter
The Charter of the United Nations : a commentary. Vol. 1
European security governance and the european neighbourhood after the Lisbon treaty : edited by Christian Kaunert and Sarah Léonard
The ethics of development : from economism to human development
The new insecurity : the end of the standard job and family
The partnership principle : new forms of governance in the 21st century
The end of freedom in public places? : privacy problems arising from surveillance of the European public space
OSH in the school curriculum : requirements and activities in the EU Member States
Creative America : its resources for social security
The NSA report : liberty and security in a changing world
Fairness in international law and institutions
Human rights in the OSCE region : Europe, Central Asia and North America : report 2007 (events of 2006)
Differentiated integration : explaining variation in the European Union
Building a police force "for the good" in DR Congo : questions that still haunt reformers and reform beneficiaries
International organizations : principles and issues
The chapter VII powers of the United Nations Security Council
Eroding the United Nations Charter
New perspectives from Japan and China
International organization and integration : annotated basic documents and descriptive directory of international organizations and arrangements.. Vol. 2.B.-2.J
The legislative power of the Security Council
The area of freedom, security and justice in the enlarged Europe
"Personal information contained in your emails, phone calls, GPS movements and social media is a hot commodity, and corporations are cashing in by mining and selling the data they collect about our private lives. "Spying on Democracy" reveals how the government acquires and uses such information to target those individuals and/or groups it deems threatening"--
The United Nations and the development of collective security : the delegation by the UN Security Council of its chapter VII powers
Human needs and the nursing process. 3.
NATOʼs changing role in the new strategic concept : A legal analysis of NATÒ̀ʼs non-article 5 operations in the light of the Washington treaty and the charter of the United Nations
Medical research on humans : legal and ethical aspects on encroaching physical integrity in medical research.
The Charter of the United Nations : a commentary. Vol. 2
English summary: Medical research on humans : legal and ethical aspects on encroaching physical integrity in medical research.
The search for the secure base : attachment theory and psychotherapy
How patriotic is the Patriot Act? : freedom versus security in the age of terrorism
More secure, less free? : antiterrorism policy & civil liberties after September 11
National insecurity and human rights : democracies debate counterterrorism
Human rights in Europe : a study of the European convention on human rights
Tiny Prisoners: Two siblings trapped in a world of abuse. One woman determined to free them
The European Union after the Treaty of Lisbon : visions of leading policy-makers, academics and journalists = L'Union Européenne après le Traité de Lisbonne : visions de décideurs politiques, d'académiques et de journalistes
The Finnish national reports to the 13. Congress of the International Academy of Comparative Law, Montréal, 19-24 August 1990
The ethics of cyberspace
Child emotional security and interparental conflict
Imposing values : an essay on liberalism and regulation
Positive criminology : reflections on care, belonging and security
Determination of threat to the peace under article 39 of the United Nations : an analysis
International labour conventions and recommendations 1919-1981 : arranged by subject-matter
Collective security law
Policies and policy processes of the European Union
The girl who kicked the hornet's nest
The Problem-solving capacity of the modern state : governance challenges and administrative capacities
The globalization of surveillance : the origin of the securitarian order
Justifications of minority protection in international law
Protection of individual rights under EC law
Restriction of Powers : Human Rights Protection in the Context of the Security Council
Creating a safer information society : National Information Security Advisory Board report submitted to the Government on 14 December 2004.
UN Security Council reform and the right of veto : a constitutional perspective
Law and psychology
The new world order and the Security Council : testing the legality of its acts
EU Security and Justice Law : after Lisbon and Stockholm
Policy change in the area of freedom, security and justice : how EU institutions matter
Philosophical foundations of human rights
Human rights in the OSCE region : Europe, Central Asia and North America : report 2006 (events of 2005)
