http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5557 syntax
syntax
Grammaticalizing aspect and affectedness
"Jieun Kiaer puts forward an argument in this book that the grammar of a language directly underpins the processing of the language, in real time. This is a view that runs against the orthodoxy of linguistic theorizing for the last 50 years, which has insisted that languages have to be characterized in terms that make little or no reference to the dynamics of language use. This orthodox view fails to fit languages in which the verb has to be at the end of the clause - which encompasses more than half of the world's languages. Thus, as this book shows, these languages remain very problematic for conventional theories. Using a mixture of corpus methods, sentence structure analysis, prosody and psycholinguistic theory, Kiaer redresses this imbalance. The data features both Korean and English example and it functions as one of the very first general introductions to Dynamic Syntax available"--
The non-argument functional field of Bulgarian clause structure
Comparative studies in current syntactic theories
Causatives and causation : a universal-typological perspective
PASE papers 2007.. Vol. 1, Studies in language and methodology of teaching foreign languages
Linking by types in the hierarchical lexicon
"Sometimes dismissed as linguistically epiphenomenal, inflectional paradigms are, in reality, the interface of a language's morphology with its syntax and semantics. Drawing on abundant evidence from a wide range of languages (French, Hua, Hungarian, Kashmiri, Latin, Nepali, Noon, Old Norse, Sanskrit, Turkish, Twi and others), Stump examines a variety of mismatches between words' content and form, including morphomic patterns, defectiveness, overabundance, syncretism, suppletion, deponency and polyfunctionality. He demonstrates that such mismatches motivate a new grammatical architecture in which two kinds of paradigms are distinguished: content paradigms, which determine word forms' syntactic distribution and semantic interpretation, and form paradigms, which determine their inflectional realization. In this framework, the often nontrivial linkage between a lexeme's content paradigm and its stems' form paradigm is the nexus at which incongruities of content and form are resolved. Stump presents clear and precise analyses of a range of morphological phenomena in support of this theoretical innovation"--
Sbornik upražnenij po sintaksisu russkogo jazyka s kommentarijami : složnoe predloženie = Exercises in Russian syntax with explanatory notes : the complex sentence
Issledovanija po semantike predikatov vnutrennego sostojanija = Investigations in the semantics of inner state predicates
Locality
The form of the object in the Uralic languages
Sentence combining : a rhetorical perspective
The Mandarin VP
Generalized tranforations and beyond : reflections on minimalist syntax
The function and use of to and of in multi-word units
Topics in Uduk phonology and morphosyntax
A typology of clausal negation : symmetric vs. asymmetric
Compound comprehension in isolation and in context : the contribution of conceptual and discourse knowledge to the comprehension of German novel noun-noun compounds
The Uralic languages
A concise introduction to linguistics
Syntactic Change in Welsh : a study of the loss of verb-second
Word meaning and syntax : approaches to the interface
Major pillars of German syntax : an introduction to CRMS-theory
Topics in French syntax
Morphosyntactic issues in second language acquisition
A structural analysis of cleft sentences and their occurrence in the mid-nineteenth and mid-twentieth century English fiction
Modern syntax : a coursebook
German, syntactic problems - problematic syntax
Opozīcijas sintaksē un semantikā = Oppositions in syntax and semantics
English syntax and argumentation
Mechanisms of syntactic change
Temporality in interaction
Master-hand of business negotiation for white-collars in foreign corporations = Waiqi bailing sucheng yingyu zhi shangwu tanpan gaoshou
Language acquisition and syntactic theory
A middle English syntax : parts of speech
Second language syntax : a generative introduction
How languages work : an introduction to language and linguistics
Aspects of functional sentence perspective in contemporary English news and academic prose
Inflectional paradigms : content and form at the syntax-morphology interface
Studies on the history of Chinese syntax
Impersonal sentences in Russian
Diachronic natural syntax = Diahrona naravna skladnja : directionality of change = dsmeri sprememb
The early bird catches the worm : the impact of English playschool on English acquisition at elementary school in Enkki-class
Interrogative investigations : the form, meaning, and use of English interrogatives
Attic Greek prose syntax. Vol. 2
Principles and parameters : an introduction to syntactic theory
Syntax : a functional-typological introduction. Vol. 2
A synopsis of English syntax
Syntax-based collocation extraction
The linguistic neg + pos pattern and two action combinations as resources for inerviewee stance taking in news interviews
Complex predicates in nonderivational syntax
Interfaces of morphology
A descriptive study of the extraposition transformation in English
The volume ends with a chapter devoted to a topic in applied linguistics: lexicography. For several articles video-examples are provided on the accompanying CD-ROM. This is just a relatively small portion of all the papers presented at TISLR 8, but it gives a representative sample of the research carried out in the field of sign linguistics. A field with an open horizon ahead! It was the second time that TISLR was organized outside North America and it attracted a very significant number of participants from all over the globe (almost 380). The book offers a representative sample of all those selected papers and it includes two of the invited lectures. All the articles submitted for this volume went through a specific anonymous peer reviewing procedure and the result of that is the collection presented here. The whole allows us to get a fair impression of a field that keeps expanding and becoming more and more prominent within linguistic research in general.
Psycholinguistic approaches to meaning and understanding across languages
The noun phrase
Levels of constituent structure in New Testament Greek
A reduced theory of theta-role and case assignment and binding
Understanding sentence structure : experimental studies on processing of syntactic elements in sentences
Natural syntax : iconicity and erosion
Iconicity in syntax : proceedings of a symposium on iconicity in syntax, Stanford, June 24-6, 1983
The syntactic and semantic structure of sentences with a position-filler "it" as a formal object
Coordination : a minimalist approach
Feature system for quantification structures in natural language
The psychomechanics of language and guillaumism
English syntactic structures : functions and categories in sentence analysis. Workbook
Analyzing syntax : a lexical-functional approach
Pragmatic Syntax
This book offers reconstructions of various syntactic properties of Proto-Germanic, including verb position in main clauses, the syntax of the wh-system, and the (non- )occurrence of null pronominal subjects and objects. Although previous studies have looked at the lexical and phonological reconstruction of Proto-Germanic, little is currently known about the syntax of the language, and it has even been argued that the reconstruction of syntax is impossible. Dr Walkden uses extensive evidence from the early Germanic languages - Old English, Old High German, Old Saxon, Old Norse, and Gothic - to show that syntactic reconstruction is not only possible but also profitable. He argues that while the reconstruction of syntax differs from lexical-phonological reconstruction due to the so-called 'correspondence problem', this is not insurmountable. In fact, the approach taken in current Minimalist theories, in which syntactic variation is attributed to the properties of lexical items, opens the door for syntactic reconstruction as lexical reconstruction. The book also discusses practical solutions for circumventing the correspondence problem, in particular the use of both distributional properties of lexical items and the phonological forms of such items in order to establish cognacy. The book will be of interest to historical linguists working on syntactic reconstruction and the Germanic languages, from graduate level upwards, as well as to advanced students of syntactic change more generally.
Cross-linguistic studies on relative constructions in European languages are often centred on standard varieties as described in reference grammars. This volume breaks with the tradition in that it investigates relative constructions in non-standard varieties from a multidisciplinary perspective and addresses a crucial question: what does Europe's typological panorama actually look like?
Present-day English syntax : a survey of sentence patterns
Some problems of transivity in Swahili
"In recent years the increasing availability of large electronic corpora has led to a methodological shift in linguistics from intuition-based research to work that utilises electronic corpora as a source of data. This shift has given rise to a new perspective on work on complementation. This book presents the latest work in the field of complementation studies. Leading scholars and upcoming researchers in the area approach complementation from various perspectives and different frameworks, such as Cognitive Grammar and construction grammars, to offer a broad survey of the field and provide thought-provoking reading accessible to anyone interested in complementation, novice or expert"--
Inversion in English prose in the 1900's, 1800's, and 1700's
The syntax of Hungarian noun phrases : a lexical functionalapproach
Paths and categories
Pronominal subjects in Peninsular Spanish and European Portuguese : semantics, pragmatics, and formulaic sequences
A man of measure : festschrift in honour of Fred Karlsson on his 60th birthday
Syntactic reconstruction and proto-Germanic
Eurogrammar : the relative and cleft constructions of the Germanic and Romance languages
The syntax of verbal affixation
Causatives and transitivity
Irish sign language : a cognitive linguistic account
Practical guide to syntactic analysis
The syntax of 'subjects'
A grammar of Biblical Hebrew. Volume II. Part three : Syntax  : Paradigms and indices
Comparative syntax of old English and old Icelandic : linguistic, literary and historical implications
Studies in anaphora
The systematization of Tagalog morphosyntax
The student's guide to Sanskrit composition : a treatise on Sanskrit syntax for the use of schools and colleges
Antisymmetry and sign languages : a comparison between NGT and LIS
The dynamics of foreign versus second language development in Finnish writing
Comprehension of the full passive and pronominal forward anaphora by Finnish vocational school students
Analytic syntax
Direct compositionality
Syntax : a generative introduction
Signs of the time : selected papers from TISLR 8 [2004]
Approaches to island phenomena
Working papers in Scandinavian syntax
Contrastive studies in syntax
Topics in the analysis of causatives with an account of Hindi paradigms
Information structure and syntactic change in the history of English
Syntactic chains
Syntax : theory and problems
Domains and dynasties : the radical autonomy of syntax
Sentence schemata for Amharic
A sketch of the phonology and grammar of Rajbanshi
A modern course in English syntax
On raising and underlying VSO order in English
Aspects of Bulgarian syntax : complementizers and WH constructions
Does German have V2 relative clauses
Simplified sentence skills
The morphosyntax of Spanish-lexified Creoles
Old English syntax. Vol. 1, Concord, the parts of speech, and the sentence
Morpho-Syntactic aspects of the verb in Gikuyu : A Bantu language : a syntactic analysis of verbal extensions
The role of inflexion in Scandinavian syntax
Subjects and complementizers
Grammar inside and outside the clause : some approaches to theory from the field
The syntactic status of auxiliaries in present-day English
A two-tiered theory of control
A theory of aspectuality : the interaction between temporal and atemporal structure
Sentence particles in the Somali language and their usage in proverbs
Configurationality in Hungarian
An encyclopedia of AUX : a study in cross-linguistic equivalence
Verbo-nominal phrasemes in modern Chinese
Quantification, definiteness, and nominalization
An introduction to English sentence structure
Syntactic variation theory and practice
Categories and functions
A critical introduction to syntax
Manual of Anglo-Norman
At the syntax-pragmatics interface : verbal underspecification and concept formation in dynamic syntax
Approaches to complex predicates
English syntactic structures : functions and categories in sentence analysis
An advanced English syntax : based on the principles and requirements of the Grammatical Society
English syntax : an introduction
Diagnosis is an essential part of scientific research. It refers to the process of identifying a phenomenon, property, or condition on the basis of certain signs and by the use of various diagnostic procedures. This book is the first ever to consider the use of diagnostics in syntactic research and focuses on the five core domains of natural language syntax - ellipsis, agreement, anaphora, phrasal movement, and head movement. Each empirical domain is considered in turn from the perspectives of syntax, syntax at the interfaces, neuropsycholinguistics, and language diversity. Drawing on the expertise of 20 leading scholars and their empirically rich data, the book presents current thoughts on, and practical answers to, the question: What are the diagnostic signs, techniques and procedures that can be used to analyse natural language syntax? It will interest linguists, including formalists, typologists, psycholinguists and neurolinguists.
Universals of human language. Vol. 4, Syntax
Studies in West Germanic syntax : proefschrift
On the question of the syntactic structure of Gavriiliada and Boris Godunov
Perspectives on complementation : structure, variation and boundaries
Adverbs and A-shift
A grammar of late modern English. 1, The sentence : 2: The composite sentence
Semantic spaces of Persian light verbs
This collection of articles is a selection of some of the papers that were presented at the conference Theoretical Issues in Sign Language Research 8 (TISLR 8), which took place at the University of Barcelona between September 30th and October 2nd, 2004. TISLR is the most important international conference on sign language research and it constitutes a good overview of the current state of the field. First, because of the high standards held for the selection of papers, and second, because despite the linguistic focus, it incorporates work on sign in related fields such as neurolinguistics or psycholinguistics. The thematic blocks of the book deal with phonetics and phonology of sign, topics related to intonation, different aspects of morphology, syntax, semantics of sign languages, different aspects of sign language acquisition and two chapters are devoted to the analysis of what is commonly referred to as role shift.
The creative writer's style guide : rules and advice for writing fiction and creative nonfiction
On emphasis and word order in Hungarian
The syntax of sentential stress
A critical account of English syntax : grammar, meaning, text
An analysis of the pseudocleft construction in the theory of government and binding
Relativization in Scottish standard English: a corpus-based study on newspaper language
Proto-Indo-European syntax and its development
As the reader will notice immediately after a quick look at the table of contents, the range of topics addressed in the individual contributions is very broad and the number of sign languages studied too - the crosslinguistic slant is recurrent in many of the chapters, a valuable feature in itself. Nevertheless, an attempt has been made to group the 17 chapters by thematic affinity into recognizable sections. Still, it should be made clear that these divisions are one of many possible ones and thus artificial: in most of the cases there are aspects of the paper that have a clear link to another thematic section. This is a natural outcome of the fact that linguistic research does not remain limited to isolated compartments, but usually looks into different subdomains in order to reach substantial results.
Relative constructions in European non-standard varieties
Cambridge phrasal verbs dictionary
"Chinese Syntax in a Cross-linguistic Perspective collects twelve new papers that explore the syntax of Chinese in comparison with other languages"--
Experimental syntax and island effects
Relativization in Scottish standard English : a corpus-based study on newspaper language
"The highly frequent word items TO and OF are often conceived merely as prepositions, carrying little meaning in themselves. This book disputes that notion by analysing the usage patterns found for OF and TO in different sets of text corpora. Looking at historical roots and earlier corpus linguistic research, this study demonstrates that both OF and TO have clear semantic and pragmatic functions. The book analyses corpora from three types of text: spoken, semi-prepared spoken such as speeches, and written fiction to explore how the two words are used in English overall and what genre-specific characteristics stand out"--
A grammar of the English language in three volumes.. 3
"This volume of papers from the 14th International Conference on Methods in Dialectology, held at the University of Western Ontario (Canada), 2 to 6 August 2011, brings together recent methodological innovations and current research on the study of dialects and language variation".
The Welsh language : studies in its syntax and semantics
A cognitive linguistic analysis of the English imperative : with special reference to Japanese imperatives
Syntax of early Latin
Syntax in the making : the emergence of syntactic units in Finnish conversation
Partitives : studies on the syntax and semantics of partitive and related constructions
Two aleut types of complementation compared with eskimo
Syntactic development, its input and output
Beyond functional sequence
Syntax and beyond
Typology of imperative constructions
From deep to surface structure : An introduction to transformational syntax
Estonian : typological studies. 5
Time is a constitutive element of everyday interaction: all verbal interaction is produced and interpreted in time. However, it is only recently that research in linguistics has started to take the temporality of linguistic production and reception in interaction into account by studying the real-time and on-line dimension of spoken language. This volume is the first systematic collection of studies exploring temporality in interaction and its theoretical foundations. It brings together researchers focusing on how temporality impinges on the production and interpretation of linguistic structures in interaction and how linguistic resources are designed to deal with the exigencies and potentials of temporality in interaction. The volume provides new insights into the temporal design of a range of heretofore unexplored linguistic phenomena from various languages as well as into the temporal aspects of linguistic structures in embodied interaction.
Subject and object marking in Finnish : an inverted ergative system and an "ideal" ergative sub-system
Optimality-theoretic syntax
Old English syntax. Vol. 2, Subordination, independent elements and element order
Proceedings of Methods XIV : papers from the Fourteenth International Conference on Methods in Dialectology, 2011
Nordlyd : Tromsø University working papers on language & linguistics. No. 30, On diachronic syntax ; Right adjunction and base positions
Syntactic structures in English radiotelephony. Piritta Karunen
This paper deals with the Uralic languages, their regional distribution and relationship with one another. The Uralic languages are spoken in a large area in North and Central Eurasia. Most of the Uralic languages are seriously endangered minority languages - only Finnish, Hungarian, and Estonian are principal national languages spoken in independent countries. Despite being relatives, the Uralic languages differ remarkably from one another. In the west, the Uralic languages have had most intensive relationships with Indo-European languages, and in the east, with Turkic languages. The differences within the language group carry information regarding these contacts. In the research of the Uralic languages, the proto-languages and the original home of the peoples speaking these languages have attracted particular interest. Comparative and historical methods and archaeology have been important in the research of the history of the Uralic languages.
Australian sign language (Auslan) : an introduction to sign language linguistics
Experiential constructions in Latin
A new Russian grammar. Part 3, Russian syntax
Modern Icelandic syntax
Current approaches to syntax
Aspects of the theory of syntax
Constructions : a construction grammar approach to argument structure
Aspects of Old English poetic syntax : where clauses begin
Attic Greek prose syntax. Vol. 1
This volume brings together cutting-edge experimental research from leaders in the fields of linguistics and psycholinguistics to explore the nature of a phenomenon that has long been central to syntactic theory - 'island effects'. The chapters in this volume draw upon recent methodological advances in experimental methods in syntax, also known as 'experimental syntax', to investigate the underlying cognitive mechanisms that give rise to island effects. This volume presents a comprehensive empirical review of a contemporary debate in the field by including contributions from researchers representing a variety of points of view on the nature of island effects. This book is ideal for students and researchers interested in cutting-edge experimental techniques in linguistics, psycholinguistics and psychology.
The syntax and semantics of pseudo-incorporation
The English noun phrase in its sentential aspect
Existential sentences : their structure and meaning
Topics in the clausal syntax of German
The sentence in written English : a syntactic study based on an analysis of scientific texts
Hebrew syntax : an outline
Classical NEG raising : an essay on the syntax of negation
Constraints on transformations in English syntax
This volume brings together recent research on the semantics and syntax of pseudo-incorporation, bringing into focus new empirical data from a wide array of languages, offering new formal analyses of the phenomenon and strengthening the links with other related phenomena.
Clause combinations in Chinese
Topics in Scandinavian syntax
Meditative-polemic should in modern English that-clauses
Syntactic controversies
"Although for some scholars the very possibility of syntactic reconstruction remains dubious, numerous studies have appeared reconstructing a variety of basic elements of Proto-Indo-European syntax based on evidence available particularly from ancient and/or archaic Indo-European languages. The papers in this volume originate from the Workshop "PIE Syntax and its Development" (Thessaloniki 2011), which aimed to bring together scholars interested in these problems and to shine new light on current research into ancient Indo-European syntax. Special attention was paid to the development of the hypothetical reconstructed features within the documented history of Indo-European languages. The articles in this volume were originally published in the Journal of Historical Linguistics Vol. 3:1 (2013)." --
Influence of Russian on the syntax of Komi
Absolute constructions and their occurrence in different types of modern English
A syntagmaticon of Hindī verbo-nominal syntagmas
Theoretical foundations of dependency syntax
On syntactic features in English scientific reports
Chinese syntax in a cross-linguistic perspective
A comparative study of syntax in English compositions written by Finnish students
Beyond alternations : a constructional model of the German applicative Pattern
A course in GB syntax : lectures on binding and empty categories
Language Variation - European Perspectives V : selected papers from the Seventh International Conference on Language Variation in Europe (ICLaVE 7), Trondheim, June 2013
The lexicon-syntax interface : perspectives from South Asian languages
Clause Structure in South Asian Languages
Local modelling of non-local dependencies in syntax
Wh-clauses in English : aspects of theory and description
A typology of action nominal constructions
The conditional sentence from Commynes to Malherbe
Semantic anchoring of syntactic theories
The syntax and semantics of the left periphery
Existence and identity : a study of the semantics and syntax of existential sentences in Finnish
Non-finite constructions in Old English : with special reference to syntactic borrowing from Latin
Papers from the fifth regional meeting of the Chicago Linguistic Society, April 18-19, 1969
