http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5559 handicraft
handicraft
The Challenge of sub-regional security in West Africa : the case of the 2006 ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons
Splendid symbols : textiles and tradition in Indonesia
The Benefits of Tourism Handicraft Sales at Mwenge Handicrafts Centre in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania
Holiday crafts : 50 projects for year-round family fun
Chinese art. Volume 1
Donna Wilson's creative creatures
Papercraft inspirations : e-lehti
The handicrafts of the Finnish women
Crafts : the decorative and applied arts magazine
Not your mama's crochet : the cool and creative way to join the chain gang
Africa
Embroidery pour le bebe : 100 french designs for babies and the nursery
Chinese sculpture from the fifth to the fourteenth century : over 900 specimens in stone, bronze, lacquer and wood, principally from Northern China : with descriptions and an introductory essay. Vol. 1-2, Text, Plates 1-205
Craft and contemporary theory
Education through design and craft : schools council design and craft education project
Vickie Howell's pop goes crochet : 36 projects inspired by icons of popular culture
Chinese art. Volume one
Design and technology : key stage two : Scottish levels C-E
Pom-poms! : 25 awesomely fluffy projects
Attitudes in design education
K.B.S. bibliography of standard reference books for Japanese studies : with descriptive notes. Vol. 7 A, Arts and crafts
A history of thimbles
The teaching of handicrafts in secondary schools : from information supplied by the Ministries of Education: Argentina, ..
Internationalization of Finnish handicraft businesses : a Turku region business case study
Knitting it old school : 43 vintage-inspired patterns
Patchwork bags : 21 sensational patchwork bags
Craft in dialogue : six views on a practice in change
The true love quilting club
Craftmaking designers: creativity and empowerment through craft workshops
Making your own paper
"Compelling Collection: Drawing from the fashion trends of the 40's through the 70's, the patterns will give fans of retro style what they want -- fun, wearable patterns that echo those of days gone by, but that modern knitters can use with greater ease. The designs in the book will represent a balance of classic and kitsch, wardrobe basics and saucy specials. For a bit of extra fun, four craft and sewing patterns between chapters will give readers a way to add retro appeal to their homes and outfits. Appealing design: The book will have a distinctive look that mimics pattern magazines from the past. Colorful photos and styled models will poke lighthearted fun at the looks that date so many of these magazines".
Literary Knits features 30 knitting patterns inspired by beloved characters from classic books; from Pride and Prejudice to Moby Dick, The Catcher in the Rye to The Chronicles of Narnia—and many more in between. Inspired by some of the most beloved characters from favorite books, including an elegant Daisy Cloche inspired by The Great Gatsby and a late '50s-inspired Holly Golightly Dress imagined from Breakfast at Tiffany's, the more than 30 knitting projects in this unique collection will inspire.
Textiles from Burma
The design and technology handbook for pre-school providers
Start your own arts and crafts business : retail, carts and kiosks, craft shows, street fairs
How to make money using Etsy : a guide to the online marketplace for crafts and handmade products
Woollen handicrafts on the Baltic islands : handbook and DVD film
Tapa, washi and western handmade paper : papers prepared for a symposium held at the Honolulu Academy of arts June 4-11, 1980
Käsitööga tööle = Handicraft for a job
"44 patterns inspired by the '40s, '50s, '60s, and '70s  Knitters love all things vintage-but it's not as easy as picking up an old pattern from decades past. Oftentimes, they use obsolete yarns, aren't sized for today's body shapes, and are written differently than current pattern instructions.  Now, retro-minded crafters get the best of both worlds in this unique collection. Drawing from the fashion trends of the '40s through the '70s, Knitting it Old School offers a bold new twist on vintage-inspired knitting patterns.  Vintage patterns feature newly created designs that flatter today's figure and use contemporary yarns.  Fun, wearable patterns that echo styles of days gone by.  Four bonus sewing patterns to whip up complimentary vintage-themed accessories.  With a balance of classic and kitsch, wardrobe basics and saucy specials, Knitting it Old School is a breath of fresh air for knitters who love "old" but want to be "new.".
Textiles and the Medieval economy : production, trade, and consumption of textiles, 8th-16th Centuries
Paris universal exhibition of 1878 : handbook to the British Indian section
Reconstructing the pattern of a vernacular tradition
Finishing techniques for hand knitters
Art and decoration of Central New Guinea
Better Networking among Craft Family Enterprises in Taizhou: Case: Taizhou Changhui Craft Co., Ltd
American craft
Dressing up as a pirate
Bead & button : e-lehti
Fairy tale knits : 32 projects to knit happily ever after
The craft of stickmaking
Implementing change in hand hygiene and asepsis in haemodialysis nursing care : a literature review
The picture framing handbook : matting, mounting, and framing techniques for professional results
Making the responsive guitar : the techniques, the tools, and the procedures
Ottoman manufacturing in the age of the Industrial Revolution
Designing : the design and technology magazine for schools, Colleges and Universities
Crafts : the magazine for contemporary craft
Thesaurus construction and use : a practical manual
Development of Technology Education - Conference -98
The visual dance : creating spectacular quilts
Simply crochet
Käsityön käsitteen ymmärtämisestä = Understanding the concept of craft
Nordenfjeldske kunstindustrimuseums vævskole og atelier for kunstvæving 1898-1909 = The Nordenfjeldske Museum of Applied Art School and Studio of Art Weaving
The China trade : export paintings, furniture, silver & other objects
Wood burning with Sue Walters : rural scenes
Indie craft
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Chinese cloth art
Fabrics and threads for schools
The Cuter book : felt mascot cute and easy to make!
Chinese art. Volume 2
Making wooden boxes : over 20 fine designs to choose from
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Fair Isle & Nordic knits : 25 projects inspired by traditional colorwork designs
Crafts : the magazine for contemporaty craft
Craft horizons
Fun felt crafts : penny rugs and pretty things from recycled wool
Embroidery pour la maison : 100 french design for the home
Protection, continuity and gender : craft trade culture in the Baltic Sea region (14th-16th centuries)
Chinese art. Volume two
The art of teaching craft : a complete handbook
Literary knits : 30 patterns inspired by favorite books
"The V&A has the UK's largest permanent display of Japanese art, housing objects from the 6th century to the present day. Collecting Japanese objects from its founding in 1852, the Museum has played a significant role in bringing the art of Japan to the attention of designers, manufacturers and the British public. This tradition continues to the present day, and in this new book some of the world's leading researchers in the field bring their attention to the V&A's unparalleled collection. Ten chapters focus on subjects including religion and ritual; samurai military and aristocratic culture; the highly aestheticized tea ceremony, which has been a notable feature of Japanese culture from the Medieval period to the present day; Edo-period urban fashions including lacquer and fashionable dress; Ukiyo-e and the graphic arts (prints, illustrated books, paintings, screens and contemporary photography); exchanges with the West and participation in world exhibitions, right up to modern and contemporary crafts and product design, including high-tech design." -- Publisher's description.
Handmade paper today : a worldwide survey of mills, papers, techniques and uses
Craft South Africa : traditional, transitional, contemporary
Abstract. - Swedish summary.
The fabulous Chinese arts
Magic Touch : the new weekly encyclopedia of fashion and home crafts
Physical work load as a risk factor for symptoms in the neck and upper limbs : exposure assessment and ergonomic intervention
Anarchy & beauty : William Morris and his legacy, 1860-1960
Evaluation of ergonomics and efficacy of instruments in dentistry
Handicrafts in the Ukraine
Decorative knot craft : over 20 innovative knotting & macramé accessories
A survey of Persian art from prehistoric times to the present. Volume 6, Plates 981-1482 : textiles, carpets, metalwork, minor arts
Thimbles
Chip Carving : Techniques & Patterns
Easy guide to sewing jackets
Not your mama's felting : the cool and creative way to get it together
Khadi : [hand-spun cloth] why and how
Finnish design : a concise history
"Little, green and beautiful ?" : theoretical and methodological aspects on researching craft represented in the media
"Make it yourself" : home sewing, gender, and culture, 1890-1930
The energy-efficient potter
Roycraft : western New York craft and its inclusion in contemporary crafts curriculum
English embroidery
Indian art in America :the arts and crafts of the North American indian
The world is your oyster! : a material package for teaching handcrafts through CLIL
Dress : The annual journal of the Costume Society of America
New craft future voices : proceedings of the Dundee Conference, July 04-06, 2007
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Marketing Opportunities of Handicrafts in Finland
African elegance
Flavor quilts for kids to make : complete instructions for teaching children to dye, decorate & sew quilts
Careers for crafty people & other dexterous types
Not your mama's knitting : the cool and creative way to pick up sticks
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
Crafts as a part of art education - skills for everyday life
(Fe)male crafts : the gender-based craft education in Finland
Handmade nation: the rise of diy, art, craft, and design
Extra/ordinary : craft and contemporary art
Women's work, women's art : nineteenth-century northern Athapaskan clothing
Indibuu  : traditional Craft and Cultural Design
Knitting for good : a guide to creating personal, social & political change, stitch by stitch
I had a favorite hat
The art & craft of handmade paper
Modern bee : 13 quilts to make with friends
Reflections from a flaxen past : for love of Lithuanian weaving
Mastered skill's generalisation in practising a craft skill : an experiment on generalisation of the direction concepts during metalwork
Interweave knits : Helsinki
Sewing for dummies
Summary.
The responsive guitar
Victim without a face
The dawns of tradition
Beginner's guide to quilting: 16 projects to learn to quilt
In the spirit of Uno Cygnaeus : pedagogical questions of today and tomorrow
Cross stitcher : e-lehti
A little book of craftivism
Making memory albums : all you need to know about
Proceedings of the Crafticulation & Education Conference
Machine knitting : hand tooling techniques
Instructional work in textile craft : studies of interaction, embodiment and the making of objects
1, 2, 3, sew : build your skills with 33 simple sewing projects
Making etched metal jewelry : techniques and projects step by step
Crafticulation & education conference, Helsinki, September 23rd - 29th 2008 : program & abstracts
Arts and crafts of Torres Strait
Craft and contemporary culture
Dress : the annual journal of the Costume Society of America
Chinese export art in the eighteenth century
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
Hand-formed ceramics : creating form and surface
The papermaker's companion : the ultimate guide to making and using handmade paper
Polynesian barkcloth
Mounting and using lace
Handmade weddings : more than 50 crafts to style and personlize your big day
Japanese art and design
Find your style and knit it too
Archaeologists and textile historians bring together 16 papers to investigate the production, trade and consumption of textiles in Scandinavia and across parts of northern and Mediterranean Europe throughout the medieval period. Archaeological evidence is used to demonstrate the existence or otherwise of international trade and to examine the physical characteristics of textiles and their distribution in order to understand who was producing, using and trading them and what they were being used for. Historical evidence, mainly textual, is employed to link textile names to places, numbers and prices and thus provide an appreciation of changing economics, patterns of distribution and the organisation of trade. Different types and qualities of cloths are discussed and the social implications of their production and import/export considered against a developing background of urbanism and increasing commercial wealth.
Furniture & cabinetmaking
English domestic needlework 1660-1860
Woodcraft magazine : e-lehti
Chinese sculpture from the fifth to the fourteenth century : over 900 specimens in stone, bronze, lacquer and wood, principally from Northern China : with descriptions and an introductory essay. Vol. 3-4, Plates 206-421 Plates 422-623
The complete book of shaker furniture
ARTISTIC HANDICRAFTS IN ROMANIA
Choosing craft : the artist's viewpoint
Modern patchwork : e-lehti
This Discussion Paper provides insights into the challenges posed by the proliferation of small arms and light weapons in West Africa, paying particular attention to the ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons as a collective sub-regional response to a potent threat to peace, security and development. It connects global and regional discourses on illicit arms control and provides a balanced, empirical examination of the performance of the convention. It is a useful contribution to debates on arms-proliferation control in Africa and provides well-informed recommendations of interest to scholars, peace activists, policy practitioners and strategists working on peace and security in Africa
Abstract: This final project is part of Improving the Quality of Hand Hygiene and Asepsis in the Care of Nephrological Patients, a project conducted by Metropolia University of Applied Sciences, in collaboration with the Clinics of Nephrology and Infection Diseases of HUCH, the Department of Nursing Science of Turku University Faculty of Medicine, and the Finnish Kidney and Liver  Association.    The purpose of this final project is to identify interventions that can improve hand hygiene adherence in  haemodialysis patient care and, in addition, influence the implementation of change in clinical practice.    There were 15 research articles for this literature review, collected systematically from OVID, CINAHL and PUBMEB. In addition, manual search was conducted in order to find literature supporting the concepts of hand hygiene and asepsis.    The findings showed that single interventions improved hand hygiene adherence but, in order to reach a sustained high level of adherence, multifaceted interventional programmes focusing on education and behavioural change were preferred. They should include educational courses, trainings, poster campaigns, performance feedbacks, use of technology, accessibility to hand rub, and role modelling.    The implementation of change is a long process that depends on the quality and content of the interventions, the nurses' active participation and the support institutions can provide. Further development of multifaceted interventional programmes is needed to ensure that nurses have sufficient knowledge and awareness on hand hygiene and asepsis in the care of nephrological patients.
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
300 handcrafted soaps : great melt & pour projects
The meaning of craft : Furniture Studio 5 / edited by John Kelsey
Craftmaking designers : creativity and empowerment through craft workshops
Sewing with oilcloth
Things that go boom or float, fly and zoom : 18 diy projects to make
Quilters companion : e-lehti
Art and performance in Oceania
Kumihimo basics and beyond : 24 braided and beaded jewelry projects on the kumihimo disk
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
