http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5552 spruce
spruce
Norway spruce fine root dynamics and carbon input into soil in relation to environmental factors
Functionalisation of spruce O-acetyl-galactoglucomannans for barrier and composite applications
The use of light microscopy to assess impact of ozone stress on Norway spruce needles in the field = Otsonivaurioiden havainnointi kuusen neulasista valomikroskooppisesti
Release of dissolved and colloidal substances in pressurized grinding with peroxide and alkali
Early microbial community development in stems of Picea abies inoculated with characterised decay fungi, non-decay fungi and bacteria
Natural variations in the amount of lignin in Norway spruce : can lignin be modified to change the properties of wood  products?
Effect of stump size and timing of stump harvesting on ground disturbance and root breakage diameter
Wood ants (Formica rufa group) in managed boreal forests: implications for soil properties and tree growth
Incidence of butt rot at final felling and at first thinning of the subsequent rotation of Norway spruce stands in south-western Sweden
Remote sensing techniques for forest parameter assessment : multispectral classification and linear spectral mixture analysis
Thinning intensity and growth of mixed spruce-birch stands on drained peatlands in Finland
Forces required to vertically uproot tree stumps
Climatic adaptation of seed maturity in Scots pine and Norway spruce populations
Experiences with Norway spruce provenances in Finland
Fungal damages in Norway spruce, Picea abies (L.) Karst
Black yeast-like fungi of Norway spruce
Development and characterization of Norway spruce pressure groundwood pulp fibres
Climatic adaptation of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karsten) in Finland based on male flowering phenology
Heterobasidion annosum s.l. and wood degradation of Norway spruce (Picea abies) : the effects of sectioning, crown type and wood properties
The dibenzodioxocin lignin substructure is abundant in the inner part of the secondary wall in Norway spruce and silver birch xylem
Modified resin acids in the reaction zone of Fomes annosus-affected sapwood of Norway spruce
Intensification of hemicellulose hot-water extraction from spruce wood by parameter tuning
A relation between historical forest use and current dead woody material in a boreal protected old-growth forest in Finland
Microsite occupancy and spatial structure of regeneration in three late-successional Norway spruce forests in northern Europe
Does conversion of even-aged, secondary coniferous forests affect carbon sequestration? : a simulation study under changing environmental conditions
Trace element analysis of sound and decayed Norway spruce (Picea abies) by XRF and NAA methods
The objective of the present study was to evaluate the potential of pressurized hot water extracted hemicellulose fractions from various wood species as feeds for ruminants. In Experiment 1, the fermentability of several hemicellulose extracts was screened using an in vitro gas production method. The samples were extracted from spruce (Picea abies) including mainly galactoglucomannan (GGM), from birch (Betula pendula) consisting mainly of xylan and from larch (Larix sibirica) consisting mainly of arabinogalactan. The GGM and xylan samples were readily fermented by rumen microbes while arabinogalactan was not. Based on the in vitro study, GGM was chosen for an in vivo digestibility trial using sheep, where it was fed at increasing proportions of diet dry matter (0, 47, 94 and 141 g kg-1) in a Latin Square design. The in vivo organic matter digestibility of GGM was relatively low, 0.58, but PHWE extracted hemicellulose has some potential as a feed for ruminants.
Interaction of prechilling, temperature, osmotic stress, and light in Picea abies seed germination
Partitioning of atmospheric nitrogen under long-term reduced atmospheric deposition conditions in a Norway spruce forest ecosystem
Decay of spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) in the Åland Islands
Toxic Bacillus pumilus from indoor air, recycled paper pulp, Norway spruce, food poisoning outbreaks and clinical samples
Dormancy and frost hardiness in Norway spruce seedlings = Veksthvile og frostherdighet i småplanter av gran
Embryonic lethals of Picea abies and Pinus sylvestris
Acid hydrolysis of birch and spruce hemicelluloses by heterogeneous catalysis
Consequences of injury caused by timber harvesting machines on the growth and decay of spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.)
Effect of accumulated duration of the light period on bud burst in Norway spruce (Picea abies) of varying ages
Summary.
Repeatability in automatic sorting of curved Norway spruce saw logs
Functioning of a Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) seed orchard
Multilevel modelling of height growth in young Norway spruce plantations in southern Finland
Spatial distribution of fine roots at ploughed Norway spruce forest sites
Nutrient fluxes through a boreal coniferous forest and the effects of clear-cutting
Effects of UV-B radiation on chlorophyll concentration, net photosynthesis and growth of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karsten) seedlings
Physicochemical properties of water-soluble spruce galactoglucomannans
The growth rhythm and height growth of seedlings of Siberian (Larix sibirica Ledeb.) and Dahurian (Larix gmelinii Rupr.) larch provenances in greenhouse conditions
The pendulous form of Norway spruce as an option for crop tree breeding
Differences in growth and wood properties between narrow and normal crowned types of Norway spruce grown at narrow spacing in southern Finland
Germinability of Norway spruce and scots pine pollen exposed to open air
Distribution of lignans in Norway spruce
Models for vertical wood density of Scots pine, Norway spruce and birch stems, and their application to determine average wood density
Provenance variation in early growth and development of Picea mariana (Mill) B.S.P
Butt-rot in Norway spruce in southern Finland
The dependence of annual ring indices on some climatic factors
Abundance, diversity and ecology of endophytic fungi in Norway spruce (Picea abies) needles
An analysis of North Korea's satellite
Thermal modification of Sitka spruce
Studies on the cell wall structure and on the mechanical properties of Norway spruce
Effect of species composition on economic return in amixed stand of Norway spruce and Scots Pine
Frost heaving of Picea abies seedlings as influenced by soil preparation, planting technique, and location along gap-shelterwood gradients
The Magyars in Europe : chapters from the cultural history of the Hungarians
Analysis of growth and yield of Pinus sylvestris L. and Picea abies (L.) Kars. in Finland, Lithuania and Spain using two different models
Growth and recruitment after mountain forest selective cutting in irregular spruce forest : a case study in northern Norway
Optimal harvesting for even-aged Norway spruce stands using an individual-tree growth model
Allozyme variation in natural populations of Picea asperata
Wood density within Norway spruce stems
Natural regeneration of subalpine fir and Engelmann spruce in partially harvested high-elevation stands in east-central British Columbia
Regeneration process from seed crop to saplings : a case study in uneven-aged Norway spruce-dominated stands in southern Finland
Yield prediction after heavy thinning of birch in mixed stands of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) and birch (Betula pendula Roth & Betula pubescens Ehrh.)
Effects of frequency of fertilisation on production, foliar chemistry and nutrient leaching in young Norway spruce stands in Sweden
Cell wall thickness and tangential and radial cell diameter of fertilized and irrigated Norway spruce
Electrical impedance tomography for decay diagnostics of Norway spruce (Picea abies): possibilities and opportunities
Short-rotation bioenergy stands as an alternative to spruce plantations: implications for bird biodiversity
Effect of felling date of trees on the attack density and flight activity of Trypodendron lineatum (Oliv.) (Col., Scolytidae)
Accurary and functionality of hand held wood moisture content meters
Fifteen-year response of weed control intensity and seedling type on Norway spruce survival and growth on arable land
Manganese peroxidases, laccases and oxalic acid from the selective white-rot fungus Physisporinus rivulosus grown on spruce wood chips
Tree-ring chronologies are commonly extended back in time by combining samples from living trees with relict material preserved in man-made structures or natural archives (e.g. lakes). Although spatially close, these natural archives and living-tree-sites often comprise different micro-climates. Inhomogeneous growth conditions among these habitats, which may yield offsets in growth-rates, require caution in data processing. Here we assess species-specific growth dynamics in two micro-habitats and their potential effects on long chronologies by combining tree-ring data from different living-tree-sites with an “artificial” subfossil dataset. Well replicated (n > 80) Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) chronologies from northern Fennoscandia, sampled directly at the lakeshore (wet) and several meters beyond the lakeshore (dry) reveal high coherence of the variance between micro-sites (rspruce = 0.59, rpine = 0.68). Significant differences of the Regional Curves (RC) indicate faster growth of both species at the drier site though. Growth differences are more pronounced between the spruce micro-sites. The combination of recent dry and wet spruce data with artificial relict data results in two long chronologies covering the last 800 years with substantially different trends, although they consist of the same relict material and the micro-site chronologies correlate significantly over the past two centuries. The combination of spruce samples from dry inland micro-sites with subfossil samples originating from the wet lake shore can result in an underestimation of past temperatures prior to the 19th century. Such effects, hidden in the composition of long chronologies (living trees + subfossil samples) can bias long-term trends in climate reconstructions..
On the degration of spure lignin under conditions of thioligning formation
Growth response in repeatedly fertilized pine and spruce stands on mineral soils
The celebrity playbook : the insider's guide to living like a star
Experiences in growing spruce under a shelterwood with and even alternation of tree species generations
α-tubulin genes and their expression in bud-induced and in in vitro -germinating Norway spruce embryos
Variation in flowering abundance and its impact on the genetic diversity of the seed crop in a Norway spruce seed orchard
A study of pollen dispersal as a mechanism of gene flow in conifers
Changes in wood production of Picea abies and Pinus sylvestris under a warmer climate: comparison of field measurements and results of a mathematical model
Responses of soil microbial communities to clonal variation of Norway spruce
Significance of the root connection on the dormancy release and vegetative bud burst of Norway spruce (Picea abies) seedlings in relation to accumulated chilling
FTIR spectroscopic prediction of Klason and acid soluble lignin variation in Norway spruce cutting clones
Nutritional diagnosis of Norway spruce stands growing on drained peatlands using foliar analysis
Effects of forest management on sustainability of integrated timber and energy wood production : scenario analysis based on ecosystem model simulations
Biology and ecology of Norway spruce
Energy wood thinning as a part of the stand management of Scots pine and Norway spruce
Areal and vertical distribution of hydrolytic enzyme activities involved in the cycling of carbon in different seasons in Finnish coniferous forest soils
On the seeding capacity of forest trees. III.
Non-destructive determination of wood properties : some preliminary results concerning the variation in wood quality between Norway Spruce from Finland and France (Vosges department)
Nutrition and growth of Norway spruce forests in a Nordic climatic and deposition gradient
Bacteria isolated from injuries to growning spruce trees (Picea abies (L.) Karst.)
Variation in the results of Norway spruce planting and Scots pine direct seeding in privately-owned forests in southern Finland
Sapwood extractives in Norway spruce inoculated with Fomes annosus
Age-to-age correlations for growth among families and provenances of Norway Spruce
Causal agents of butt-rot in Norway spruce in southern Finland
Energy wood thinning as a part of stand management of Scots pine and Norway spruce
Spruce monocultures in Central Europe : problems and prospects
Bioeconomics of even- vs. uneven-aged forestry : the case of Norway spruce
Variation in tracheid properties of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.)
Crown envelope shape measurements and models
The use of foliage and soil information for managing the nutrition of Sitka and Norway spruce on cutaway peatlands
Adaptive evolution and demographic history of Norway spruce (Picea abies)
An optimization model for Norway spruce management based on individual-tree growth models
Seedling establishment after prescribed burning of a Clear-Cut and Partially Cut mesic boreal forest in Southern Finland
The effect of seedling, site, and silviculture factors on vole damage to seedling stands in Päijät-Häme, Finland, during winter 2008/09
Genetic variation in structural wood quality traits in Norway spruce and implications for tree breeding
Incidence of the conidiophores of Fomes annosus (Fr.) Cooke on the logging waste of spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.)
Picea abies seed ecology : effects of environmental factors on dormancy vigor and germination
Moon : prospective energy and material resources
A major collection of sayings
An assessment of different fertilization regimes in three boreal coniferous stands
Tree mortality agents in pristine Norway spruce forests in northern Fennoscandia
Combined effects of elevated winter temperatures and CO2 on Norway spruce seedlings
Chromosome aberrations in stored seeds of Pinus sylvestris and Picea abies and the consequences on plant properties
Spore dispersal of Heterobasidion annosum and simulations of the spread of butt rot in Picea abies stands in Finland
Potential of forest biomass production and utilization for mitigation of climate change in boreal conditions
Development of species composition during succession is well studied in natural boreal forests, but empirical assessments of how within-stand spatial structure develops in late-successional stages are few. Here, we quantified spatial patterns in three unmanaged stands consisting of Picea abies (L.) Karst. and Betula pubescens Ehrh. and Betula pendula Roth (hereafter Betula spp.) in northern boreal Fennoscandia. We conducted a comprehensive analysis of small-scale spatial point patterns in three fully mapped 1.2-ha sample plots, representing different forest developmental stages: mid-successional, late-successional and old-growth forest. We used several variants of Ripley's K-function to analyze the spatial point patterns along the successional gradient. Univariate analyses showed that mature trees of both species were either randomly distributed or clumped. P. abies saplings were clumped, and Betula spp. saplings occurred in a random or clumped manner. In the bivariate analyses, saplings were more likely to be found in the surroundings of mature trees of the same species, but occurred independent of the individuals of other tree species. Mature trees showed interspecific repulsion. Only modest differences occurred in the univariate patterns between the three successional stages, but in the bivariate analyses the most evident patterns, i.e. intraspecific attraction and interspecific repulsion, were stronger in the older successional stages. Overall, the studied stands appear structured as species-specific mosaics. These mosaics, along with mixed species composition, seem to be maintained by species self-replacement, which contrasts with findings from earlier studies..
Coarse root architecture of three boreal tree species growing in mixed stands
Evaluation of novel wood-rotting polypores and corticioid fungi for the decay and biopulping of Norway spruce (Picea abies) wood
Matti Kuusi 80 years : research into Finnish oral poetry reflourishes
The people in the trees
Effects of climate change and management on growth of Norway spruce in boreal conditions : an approach based on ecosystem model
Will minor spruce components of boreal broadleaf stands replace themselves after clearcut harvesting?
Nutrient imbalancies in coniferous stands in southern Germany
Variation of ectomycorrhizal colonisation in Norway spruce seedlings in Finnish forest nurseries
Mycorrhizal relations in the raw humus layer of northern spruce forests
Spatial distribution of dead wood and the occurrence of five saproxylic fungi in old-growth timberline spruce forests in northern Finland
The influence of nitrogen on the nutrient status in Norway spruce (Picea abies L. Karst)
Effects of genetic entry and spacing on growth and wood properties in Norway spruce
Nutrient and light availability to white spruce seedlings in partial and clearcut harvested aspen stands
Effects of short-day (SD) treatment on bud burst, growth and survival of Norway spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.) container seedlings after summer planting were studied in an experiment established in Suonenjoki, Central Finland. One-year-old seedlings were SD-treated for three weeks starting on 18 June, 24 June and 8 July 2004 and then planted on 22 July, 5 August, 6 September 2004 and, as a normal spring planting, on 10 May, 2005. Untreated control seedlings were also planted on these dates. Second flush on the planting year and bud burst the following spring was monitored in planted seedlings, whereas seedling height and survival were determined at the end of growing seasons 2004-2006. We observed a non-significant risk of a second flush if seedlings were SD-treated on 18 June. Also, SD-treated seedlings planted in July or August showed advanced bud burst and increased height the following growing season without significant effects on survival, compared to autumn and spring planted seedlings. Planting in July or early August was associated with a significant increase in the incidence of multiple leaders in later years. Based on our results, to begin a three-week SD treatment in late June or early July and then plant seedlings in late July or early August could be a good practice..
Growth responses of some greenhouse plants to environment : Effect of CO2 on photosynthetis and growth of Norway spruce
The influence of changes in climate and land-use on regeneration dynamics of Norway spruce at the treeline in the Swiss Alps
Distributions of tracheid cross-sectional dimensions in different parts of Norway spruce stems
Structural observations on needles exposed to elevated levels of copper and nickel
Notes for an introduction
Seed orchards ; problems, possibilities and new approaches
Sawn timber : appearance grading of softwoods. Part 1, European spruces, firs, pines, Douglas fir and larches
A selective bibliography of Matti Kuusi
Properties of rescued embryonal suspensor masses of Norway spruce determined by the genotype and the environment in vitro
Degree of previous cutting in explaining the differences in diameter distributions between mature managed and natural Norway spruce forests
Optimizing thinnings and rotation of Scots pine and Norway spruce mixtures
In search of hybridity: the case of Karelian spruces
The paper aimed at testing the potential of refining tree rot diagnostics carried out by means of electrical impedance tomography (EIT). Examined was the use of EIT datasets with electrical resistance values and sapwood proportion determined on the basis of tomograms. Making use of datasets with resistance values in EIT rot diagnostics is not a default method, although datasets stay unaffected by a fixed colour scale and subsequent subjective evaluation unlike tomograms. Tomography measurement was carried out for 27 individuals of Norway spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.) in two stands north-east of Brno, Czech Republic. Once felled down, radial cut-outs were sampled at the measurement site and used for localising rot and determining the extent of the area of decay. The results were subsequently compared with tomograms. EIT datasets containing values of electrical resistance found by measuring were statistically processed and compared with the extent of rot area identified within the cuts. Sapwood proportion values were also detected using the tomograms. The baseline assumption that sapwood proportion decreases as the rot area in the radial cut expands was confirmed. In trees with rot percentage to 35% approximately, sapwood proportion was exceeding 30% except one tree. In trees with rot percentage exceeding 35%, sapwood proportion was below 30%. On the basis of interpreted datasets, the trees can be split into three characteristic groups that correspond to the occurrence, extent and nature of the rot.
Spatial tree community structure in three stands across a forest succession gradient in northern boreal Fennoscandia
Linear prediction application for modelling the relationships between a large number of stand characteristics of Norway spruce stands
Ready or not
On the hidden significance of differing micro-sites on tree-ring based climate reconstructions
Astronomy : a self-teaching guide
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
Contributions to a better understanding of morphogenesis in Picea abies (L.) Karst. tissues cultured in vitro
Probability of recent bark stripping damage by red deer (Cervus elaphus) on Norway spruce (Picea abies) in a low mountain range in Germany : a preliminary analysis
Sorting Norway spruce pulpwood
Electric point discharges and atmospheric nitrogen dioxide in coniferous forests
Paremiological and paremiographical publications by Matti Kuusi
Relation between soil properties and tree species composition in a Scots pine-Norway spruce stand in southern Finland
Assessing the accuracy with which the LAI-2000 plant canopy analyzer detects changes in leaf area index in Norway spruce (Picea abeas) stands
Conifer needle ultrastructure as an indicator of environmental stress factors with special reference to unbalanced nutrition
Estimating potassium nutrition of Norway spruce with needle analysis during different seasons
Reproductive phenology in a Norway spruce seed orchard
Minimum epidermal conductance of Norway spruce (Picea abies) needles: influence of age and shoot position in the crown
Matti Kuusi : a sketch for a portrait
Insect enemies of the spruce in the northeast : a popular account of results of special investigations, with recommendations for preventing losses
Molecular approaches to the developmental biology of Norway spruce, Picea abies
Long-term dynamics in growth of Scots pine and Siberian spruce in Komi Republic (European part of Russia)
Moisture content of Norway spruce stump wood at clear cutting areas and roadside storage sites
Post-planting effects of early-season short-day treatment and summer planting on Norway spruce seedlings
Matti Kuusi, sketch for a portrait
Spiral grain in Norway spruce
The effect of cutting the root connection by detaching the shoot from the root system on dormancy release and vegetative bud burst was examined in 2-year-old seedlings of Norway spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.). Seedlings were transferred at 1-4 week intervals between October and January from outdoor conditions to experimental forcing in a heated greenhouse. Before forcing, half of the seedlings were cut above ground line, and the detached shoots were forced with their cut ends placed in water. The intact seedlings were forced with their root system remaining intact in the pots. Vegetative bud burst was observed visually. Cutting the root connection slightly increased days to bud burst in the forcing conditions, however, no consistent effect on bud burst percentage was found. Our preliminary seedling data suggest that using detached tree material in dormancy release experiments may have a small effect on bud burst date but it will evidently not lead to drastically erroneous conclusions. Further studies, using different seed lots, are needed to assess the effect of detaching on the dormancy release and bud burst, especially in adult trees.
Quality management of forest regeneration activities
Microclimate studies in uniform shelterwood systems in the Sub-Boreal Spruce zone of central British Columbia
Assessing the incidence of butt rot in Norway spruce in southern Finland
Prediction models for the annual seed crop of Norway spruce and Scots pine in Finland
Forest tree breeding in Europe : current state-of-the-art and perspectives
All-American girl
Digestion of wood-based hemicellulose extracts as screened by in vitro gas production method and verified in vivo using sheep
Quantitative elemental analysis of dry-ashed bark and wood samples of birch, spruce and pine from South-Western Finland using PIXE
Angel uncovered
Short-term responses of decomposers and vegetation to stump removal
Heterobasidion root rot in Norway spruce : modelling incidence, control efficacy and economic consequences in Swedish forestry
Stump wood is a possible alternative to fossil fuel. Its harvesting, however, disturbs the ground and this has not yet been quantified at stump level. Such disturbance is likely to be dependent on stump size, type of soil and timing of stump harvesting. Therefore, we measured ground disturbance and root breakage diameter at two Norway spruce sites with sandy glacial till soil. The sites were harvested with a fork type head, 6 and 18 months after clear cutting. Measurements were made within 2 weeks of harvest. No difference was found between the two sites. The mean area of disturbed ground was 6.06 (std 3.14) m2 per stump and increased exponentially with stump size. A regression function modelling the relationship was constructed. Unexpectedly, many fine roots where extracted in the harvest. The arithmetic and basal area weighted mean root breakage diameter was 4.6 (std 2.2) and 29.5 (std 17.9) mm, respectively. There seems to be a limited increase in root breakage diameter with increased stump size. The small root breakage diameter is associated with reduced fuel quality and greater nutrient removal. It appears that much of the ground disturbance is associated with the creation of ruts rather than stump harvest per se. Stump harvesting disturbs a larger percentage of the area of a harvested site than mounding. Postponing stump harvest by one year did not decrease the ground disturbance or increase the root breakage diameter. To achieve less disturbance and larger root breakage diameter, probably new stump harvesting technology is required.
Threats concerning the usability of satellite communications in cyberwarfare environment
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
Distance-dependent models for predicting the development of mixed coniferous forests in Finland
Live-storage of Picea abies for two summers after storm felling in Sweden
Statistical opportunities for comparing stand structural heterogeneity in managed and primeval forests: an example from boreal spruce forest in southern Finland
The girl who soared over Fairyland and cut the moon in two
Modelling tree biomasses in Finland
Adaptation of the timing of bud burst of Norway spruce to temperate and boreal climates
Sawn timber : appearance grading of softwoods. Part 1, European spruces, firs, pines and Douglas firs
Fertilizer treatment and seed crop of Picea abies
