http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5555 allegories
allegories
Enlightening allegory : theory, practice, and contexts of allegory in the late seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
The allegorical epic : essays in its rise and decline
The Picture of Dorian Gray
Personifications & symbols : an index to H. F. Gravelot and C. N. Cochin's Iconologie par figures / Ester Lels
Martianus Capella and the seven liberal arts. 1, The Quadrivium of Martianus Capella : Latin traditions in the mathematical sciences, 50 B.C. - A.D. 1250
Modern allegory and fantasy : rhetorical stances of contemporary writing
Signs for peace : an impossible visual encyclopedia
Religion, allegory, and literacy in early modern England, 1560-1640 : the control of the word
Allegory, myth, and symbol
Soviet hieroglyphics : visual culture in late twentieth-century Russia / edited by Nancy Condee
Early modern visual allegory : embodying meaning
Abrahamic descent, testamentary adoptation, and the law in Galatians : differentiating Abraham's sons, seed, and children of promise
Monuments & maidens : the allegory of the female form
Fragonard's Allegories of love
Allegory revisited : ideals of mankind
Symbols and allegories in art / Matilde Battistini
Landscape allegory in cinema : from wilderness to wasteland
On translation of the gothic and into the gothic
George Orwell : the search for a voice
The Holy War
The body politic : on the history of a famous simile
Interpreting the parables : a hermeneutical guide to their meaning
Piers Plowman and Christian allegory
Animal allegories in T'ang China
Allegory and representation
Amphoteroglossia : a poetics of the twelfth-century medieval Greek novel
Allegory old and new : in literature, the fine arts, music and theatre, and its continuity in culture
Kafka's creatures : animals, hybrids, and other fantastic beings
The old man and the wolves
Watership Down
Every heart a doorway
Martianus Capella and the seven liberal arts. 2, The marriage of Philology and Mercury
"What's the worst thing you can hear when you have a good idea at work? "That's not how we do it here!"  In their iconic bestseller Our Iceberg Is Melting, John Kotter and Holger Rathgeber used a simple fable about penguins to explain the process of lead&shy;ing people through major changes. Now, ten years later, they're back with another must-read story that will help any team or organization cope with their biggest challenges and turn them into exciting opportunities.  Once upon a time a clan of meerkats lived in the Kalahari, a region in southern Africa. After years of steady growth, a drought has sharply reduced the clan's resources, and deadly vulture attacks have increased. As things keep getting worse, the har&shy;mony of the clan is shattered. The executive team quarrels about possible solutions, and sugges&shy;tions from frontline workers face a soul-crushing response: "That's not how we do it here!"  So Nadia, a bright and adventurous meerkat, hits the road in search of new ideas to help her trou&shy;bled clan. She discovers a much smaller group that operates very differently, with much more teamwork and agility. These meerkats have developed innova&shy;tive solutions to find food and evade the vultures. But not everything in this small clan is as perfect as it seems at first.  Can Nadia figure out how to combine the best of both worlds--a large, disciplined, well-managed clan and a small, informal, inspiring clan--before it's too late?   This book distills Kotter's decades of experi&shy;ence and award-winning research to reveal why organizations rise and fall, and how they can rise again in the face of adversity"--
Immortality
Christian worldviews and dogmas in a novel trilogy by C. S. Lewis
Signs, symbols and ciphers : decoding the message
Rewriting strategies and their effects : comparing John Bunyan's The pilgrim's progress and a children's version by James Reeves
Romancing fascism : modernity and allegory in Benjamin, de Man, Shelley
Reinventing allegory
The field of the cloth of gold
"It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities" : kristilliset allegoriat J.K. Rowlingin Harry Potterin maailmassa
Lethal performances? : women who kill in modern American drama
Evil and the earth : the symbolic background of Mörđr Valgarđsson in Njáls saga : a study in medieval allegory
Antropomorfiset kartat = Antropomorfa kartor = Anthropomorphic maps
The saintly madman : a study of the scholarly reception history of Buile Shuibhne
The fictions of Bruno Schulz : The street of crocodiles and Sanatorium under the sign of the hourglass
During the later Middle Ages, new optical theories were introduced that located the power of sight not in the seeing subject, but in the passive object of vision. This shift had a powerful impact not only on medieval science but also on theories of knowledge, and this changing relationship of vision and knowledge was a crucial element in late medieval religious devotion. In Seeing through the Veil, Suzanne Conklin Akbari examines several late medieval allegories in the context of contemporary paradigm shifts in scientific and philosophical theories of vision. After a survey on the genre of allegory and an overview of medieval optical theories, Akbari delves into more detailed studies of several medieval literary works, including Jean de Meun's the Roman de la Rose, Dante's Vita Nuova, Convivio, and Commedia, and Chaucer's dream visions and Canterbury Tales. The final chapter, 'Division and Darkness,' centres on the legacy of allegory in the fifteenth century. Offering a new interdisciplinary, synthetic approach to late medieval intellectual history and to major works within the medieval literary canon, Seeing through the Veil will be an essential resource to the study of medieval literature and culture, as well as philosophy, history of art, and history of science.
The Arcimboldo effect : transformations of the face from the sixteenth to the twentieth century
Mysteriously meant : the rediscovery of pagan symbolism and allegorical interpretation in the Renaissance
Reading the allegorical intertext : Chaucer, Spenser, Shakespeare, Milton
Medieval allegory and the building of the new Jerusalem
A study of allegory in its historical context and relationship to contemporary theory
The telling
The pilgrim's progress
"What's the worst thing you can hear when you have a good idea at work? "That's not how we do it here!""--
Metaphor, allegory, and the classical tradition : ancient thought and modern revisions
The verbal and the visual : essays in honor of William Sebastiab Heckscher / edited by Karl-Ludwig Selig and Elizabeth Sears
Reality and allegory in the Odyssey
Anxiety in Eden : a Kierkegaardian reading of Paradise lost
Alchemy & mysticism : the hermetic museum / Alexander Roob
The allegory of love : a study in medieval tradition
Moby-Dick : or, the whale
The esoteric Wagner : an introduction to Der Ring des Nibelungen / Michael Besack
Animal farm and 1984
Narrativizing the nation : re-thinking the issue of national allegory in Indian English fiction
Kép a képen : muvész és közönség öt évszázad grafikusmuvészetében Burgkmairtól Picassóig : Szépmuvészeti Muzeum, Budapest, 2005. december 1 - 2006. március 27 = Pictures within pictures : the artist and the public over five centuries of graphic art from B / felelos kiadó = editor in chief:  Baán László
That's not how we do it here! : a story about how organizations rise and fall--and can rise again
The vegetarian : a novel
The book of symbols : reflections on archetypal images : the archive for research in archetypal symbolism / editor-in-chief Ami Ronnberg ; editor Kathleen Martin
Symbols and allegories in art
On the cross currents of love and jealousy in Shakespeare's Othello
Animal farm : A fairy story
The heart of a dog
Allegory : the theory of a symbolic mode
Allegory in English fiction of the twentieth century
Allegory is a vast subject, and its knotty history is daunting to students and even advanced scholars venturing outside their own historical specializations. This Companion will present, lucidly, systematically, and expertly, the various threads that comprise the allegorical tradition over its entire chronological range. Beginning with Greek antiquity, the volume shows how the earliest systems of allegory developed in poetry dealing with philosophy, mystical religion, and hermeneutics. Once the earliest histories and themes of the allegorical tradition have been presented, the volume turns to literary, intellectual, and cultural manifestations of allegory through the Middle Ages and Renaissance. The essays in the last section address literary and theoretical approaches to allegory in the modern era, from reactions to allegory in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries to reevaluations of its power in the thought of the twentieth century and beyond.
Watership down
Flatland : a romance of many dimensions
The visual arts (From the reformation to the Great Northern war)
Gender, politics, and allegory in the art of Rubens
True romance : Allegorien der Liebe von der Renaissance bis heute = allegories of love from renaissance to the present : [Kunsthalle Wien, October 5 2007-February 3, 2008 : Museum Villa Stuck, München, February 21-May 12, 2008 : Kunsthalle zu Kiel, May 21 / herausgeben von = edited by: Belinda Grace Gardner, Michael Buhrs, Dirk Luckow, Gerald Matt
Matthew's Messianic Shepherd-King : in search of 'The Lost Sheep of the House of Israel'
Petit mal : allegories of youth, wrongness and right
Religion without belief : contemporary allegory and the search for postmodern faith
Allegory and violence
Mapping the Faerie Queen : quest structures and the world of the poem
The alchemist
The Cambridge companion to allegory
Allegory : the dynamics of an ancient and medieval technique
A Cheat's guide to the classics : [35 of the world's greatest literary masterpieces from Pride and prejudice to War and peace]
Allegorical imagery : some mediaeval books and their posterity
The "Lord" in the Lord of the Rings : christian imagery and allegorical allusions in J.R.R. Tolkien's epic saga
Allegory and the migration of symbols
Rereading allegory : a narrative approach to genre
The Cambridge edition of the works of Jonathan Swift. 1, A tale of a tub and other works
That's not how we do it here : a story about how organizations rise and fall - and can rise again
Costume as poetic device : costume in the films of the Soviet film director Sergei Parajanov (1924-1990)
The secret language of flowers
The fiction of truth : stuctures of meaning in narrative and dramatic allegory
The alchemist : a fable about following your dream
Column, vase, obelisk / Dalibor Vesely, John Onians, Joseph Rykwert, Anthony Vidler ; Tomás Vlcek (editor)
The great Divorce : a dream
Jonathan Livingston Seagull
Animal Farm : A Fairy Story
The picture of Dorian Gray
The politics of opera in Handel's Britain
Walter Benjamin, religion, and aesthetics : rethinking religion through the arts
Richard Wagner, Rudolf Steiner & allegories of the ring : from the mundane to the esoteric
Goethe's allegories of identity
Allegories of writing : the subject of metamorphosis
The bronze emperor and "Lux" : making a monument to Alexander II
Law and the image : the authority of art and the aesthetics of law
Animal farm : a fairy story
Allegories of America : narratives, metaphysics, politics
Dante's Divine comedy : hell : purgatory : paradise
Political allegory in late medieval England
Syksyn allegoria = Höstens allegori = Allegory of autumn
Interpretation and allegory : antiquity to the modern period
Far from the evils of mankind : mental landscapes and national identity in Marja-Liisa Vartio's short story A Finnish landscape
Explorers of the new century
Poetry, symbol, and allegory : interpreting metaphorical language from Plato to the present
Seeing through the veil : optical theory and medieval allegory
The arrow of love : optics, gender, and subjectivity in medieval love poetry
Moby-Dick, or, the Whale
Studies in seventeenth-century imagery / Mario Praz
The humanist interpretation of hieroglyphs in the allegorical studies of the Renaissance : with a focus on the triumphalarch of Maximilian I
The Alchemist : 25th anniversary edition
100 allegories to represent the world
The transformations of allegory
In this volume, Bradley R. Trick argues that Hellenistic testamentary adoption provides the key to understanding Abrahamic descent and its implications for the law in Galatians. By thoroughly analyzing the Greco-Roman and Jewish contexts of Paul's references to testaments/covenants (deltaiotaalphathetaetakappaalphaiota) and adoption, Trick establishes that Gal 3-4 portrays the Abrahamic deltaiotaalphathetaetakappaeta as a Hellenistic testament through which God adopts Abraham. This insight enables a coherent and collectively consistent interpretation of Paul's Abrahamic appeals to emerge, one in which "sons" (3:7) designates Jews, "children of promise" (4:28) designates gentiles, and "seed" designates Christ (3:16) and the interdependent union of Jews and gentiles in Christ (3:29). The need to preserve the singularity of this seed then grounds God's giving of the law.
Door to Europe or outpost towards Russia? : political metaphors in Finnish EU-journalism
Nodes of Contemporary Finnish Literature
Thinking allegory otherwise
A feeling "deep down inside" : morality in C. S. Lewis's The Chronicles of Narnia
