http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5556 parables
parables
The parables of Jesus
Parables and conflict in the Hebrew Bible
100 allegories to represent the world
Matthean sets of parables
A word fitly spoken : context, transmission, and adoption of the parables of Jesus
Reflections on the advent of a more enterprising culture in Finland : an exploratory study
Metaphorically speaking
Enoch and the Messiah Son of Man : revisiting the Book of parables
Images of the church in the New Testament
Riddles of the Russian people : a collection of riddles, parables and puzzles
Did Jesus cite Isa 6:9-10? : Jesus’ saying in Mark 4:11-12 and the Isaianic idea of hardening and remnant
The God of old : the role of the Lukan parables in the purpose of Luke's Gospel
The afterlife imagery in Luke's story of the rich man and Lazarus
"Whoever has ears, let him hear" : the hearing formula in early Christian writings
The challenge of Jesus' parables
Metaphor, narrative, and parables in Q
This book is a study of the Johannine Christian response to the fall of the Jerusalem Temple in 70 ce. A crucial text in this investigation is Jn 2.13-22 and its context, which provide a lens through which other texts in John are viewed. Kerr's examination of the Temple festivals of Passover, Tabernacles, Dedication suggests that in Jesus fulfils and replaces these, while in the case of the Sabbath he effects a transformation. The overall conclusion is that the Johannine Jesus replaces and fulfils the Jerusalem Temple.
The parables of Jesus : recovering the art of listening
Thus have I heard : buddhist parables and stories
Jesus' parable of the rich fool : Luke 12:13-34 among ancient conversations on death and possessions
Jesus and the parable of the prodigal son
Short stories by Jesus : the enigmatic parables of a controversial rabbi
Illness as metaphor
Eyes like butterflies : a treasury of similes and metaphors
Many things in parables : Jesus and his modern critics
The parables : their literary and existential dimension
The voice of Jesus : studies in the interpretation of six  gospels parables
Psalm 18 in words and pictures : a reading through metaphor
The parables
Sexual and marital metaphors in Hosea, Jeremiah, Isaiah, and Ezekiel
Total presence : the language of Jesus and the language of today
Parables as poetic fictions : the creative voice of Jesus
The shepherd discourse of John 10 and its context : studies by members of the Johannine Writings Seminar
Research on Q has frequently been driven by questions addressing the legitimacy of the two-source hypothesis or by questions related to the reconstruction of this source. As such, Q scholarship has often viewed its tasks primarily through the lenses of source- and redaction-critical perspectives. The authors of this volume make a conscious effort to refocus, at least to a certain extent, discussions concerning Q from questions of reconstruction to narratival and metaphorical aspects of this text. Narrative elements such as space, time, characters, plot, etc. on the one hand, and metaphorical elements such as Bildfeldtradition, socio-historical aspects of the images employed, etc., on the other, can be recognized and examined even apart from a precise, verbal reconstruction of a text. Contributors: Robert A. Derrenbacker, Jr., Detlev Dormeyer, Harry T. Fleddermann, Paul Foster, Marco Frenschkowski, Christoph Heil, John S. Kloppenborg, Michael Labahn, InHee Park, Sarah E. Rollens, Dieter T. Roth, Daniel A. Smith, Markus Tiwald, Christopher Tuckett, Erin K. Vearncombe, Ruben Zimmermann.
Parables unplugged : reading the Lukan parables in their rhetorical context
The artistry of the Homeric simile
"He was lost and is found" : on the historicity of the parable on the prodigal son (Lk 15:11-32)
Myth and Symbol I : symbolic phenomena in ancient Greek culture : papers from the first International Symposium on Symbolism at the University of Tromsø, June 4-7, 1998
The body politic : on the history of a famous simile
Matthew's trilogy of parables : the nation, the nations and the reader in Matthew 21.28-22.14
On the appearance and the effect of simile in Sillitoe's Saturday Night and Sunday Morning and in Its Finnish translation Lauantai-illasta Sunnuntai-aamuun
This is an examination of the aesthetic qualities of the Homeric simile. The similes in Homer are treasure troves. They describe scenes of Greek life that are not presented in their simplest form anywhere else: landscapes and seascapes, storms and calm weather, fighting among animals, civic disputes, athletic contests, horse races, community entertainment, women involved in their daily tasks, men running their farms and orchards. These basic paratactic additions to the narrative show how the Greeks found and developed parallels between two scenes - each of which elucidated and interpreted the other - then expressed those scenes in effective poetic language. In "The Artistry of the Homeric Simile", Scott explores the variations and modifications that Homer employs in order to make similes blend expressively with the larger context. This engaging study will help unlock the richness of Homer for the modern reader.
Understanding what one reads : New Testament essays
Christ's body in Corinth : the politics of a metaphor
What are they saying about the parables?
Tibetan written images : a study of imagery in the writings of Dhondup Gyal
Hauptbeschreibung Matthean Parables have often been read through the lens of their Synoptic parallels, which has, for instance, led to the claim that Matthew does not have a parable theory of its own. Peter Yaw Oppong-Kumi offers a careful and detailed analysis of the three parabolic compositions in the Gospel of Matthew. He presents a new approach to Matthew's parables and calls for a reading of the gospel that frees it from the ""dependency"" of its sources. Through meticulous study the author shows the interconnectedness of Matthew's parable compositions through their common theo.
A marginal Jew : rethinking the historical Jesus. Volume 5, Probing the authenticity of the parables
The sheep and the goats
During the last twenty years, the category 'grave' has been the subject of increasing debate in Swedish archaeology. It has been recognized that monuments commonly regarded as graves are sometimes also found in cultic contexts other than those associated with death and burial. In many cases, for instance, monuments similar to graves have been erected at cult sites, and seem to have been used in sacrificial practices rather than for burials. According to archaeological, textual and onomastic sources, it was common practice in Old Norse religion to suspend sacrificial victims from trees of from upraised posts, or to deposit offerings at the base of sacred rocks and boulders. In all these cases, the trees, posts and boulders seem to be representation of the World Axis, depicted in cosmological myths as a Cosmic Tree, Pillar or Mountain. I argue that these various representations of the World Axis are also incorporated in the architectonic symbolism of several forms of grave monuments in pre-Christian Scandinavia. The architectonic shape of these monuments could thus be used in several different contexts, since they represented a 'Cosmic Center' and a 'doorway' to the Other World.
The riddles of Jesus in John : a study in tradition and folklore
Consumption and wealth in Luke's travel narrative
The metaphorical use of language in deuterocanonical and cognate literature
Similes of the Buddha : an introduction
They also taught in parables : rabbinic parables from the first centuries of the Christian era
Jacob and the prodigal : how Jesus retold Israel's story
The power of parable : how fiction by Jesus became fiction about Jesus
Proverbial comparisons and related expressions in Spanish : recorded in Los Angeles, California
Prodigality, liberality and meanness in the parable of the prodigal son : a Greco-Roman perspective on Luke 15.11-32
Did Jesus cite Isa 6:9.10? : Jesus' saying in Mark 4:11-12 and the Isaianic idea of hardening and remnant
The parables of the kingdom
Parables in the eye of the storm : Christ's response in the face of conflict
Speaking in parables : a study in metaphor and theology
In Psalm 18 in Words and Pictures: A Reading Through Metaphor, Alison Gray engages in an in-depth study of the figurative language of Psalm 18, demonstrating the necessity of a dynamic approach to metaphor interpretation within a given textual unit. As one of the longest and most elaborate in the Hebrew Bible, Psalm 18 provides fertile soil for studying the interplay between words and images. While previous studies of the Psalm have focused on questions of form, structure, or unity - as well the relation to its Doppeltext of 2 Samuel 22 - Alison Gray explores the ways in which a metaphor-oriented hermeneutic enriches the psalm's translation and exegesis.
Ritual and metaphor : sacrifice in the Bible
Medieval allegories of Jesus' parables
"One of the main ways Jesus taught people was through the use of parables. Through an exploration of the literary genre popular in the ancient world, distinguished Jesus scholar John Dominic Crossan dissects the versions we read in the Gospels to get back to what Jesus really intended to teach. Next, Crossan reveals how Jesus's use of parables inspired the Gospel writers themselves to come up with meaningful, metaphorical stories of Jesus to help them explain their own views of who they thought this Messiah really was. By unlocking the meaning and purposes of the Gospel's parables, we can arrive at a better portrait of this enigmatic and charismatic Jewish figure who transformed his world and the next two thousand years of history"--
This article looks at the ways Lithuanian emigrants in the U.S. experience attachment to their homeland. The text intends to conceptualize the importance of ethnicity, creation of emotional bond with the home country, fellow citizens, and the government. Empirical data were collected by the author of the article during the ethnographic fieldtrip in the USA. A pilot fieldwork was conducted in March, 2007, on the West Coast, California: San Diego, Santa Monica, Los Angeles, Mission Viejo, and Orange County. The main field study was done in April-June, 2008, on the East Coast: New York (NY), Pittsfield (MA), Jersey City (NJ), Philadelphia (PA), Brattleboro (VT); and in the Central part: Chicago (IL). The last stage of the fieldwork was completed in October-November, 2013, again, on the East Coast - in New York (NY). During the fieldwork, “emic” data and visual recordings were collected through participant observation and qualitative semi-structured interviews. As the article points out, while living in the U.S., “Lithuanian” symbols help emigrants to maintain the transnational link with their country of origin allowing to create their private spaces of “home” where they feel safe and, sometimes, as if they have never left Lithuania. Despite the fact that Lithuanian Americans express predominantly negative attitudes toward their home country and people who remained there, it could not be argued that they have emotionally distanced themselves from their motherland in order to re-create their own identity by denying ethnic roots. Even negative narratives about Lithuania reveal the presence of nostalgia, the immigrants' need to talk about Lithuania and the mass of questions that remain unanswered or unresolved..
The temple of Jesus' body : the temple theme in the Gospel of John
The grave as a doorway to the other world : architectural religious symbolism in Iron Age graves in Scandinavia
The parables of Jesus : a history of interpretation and bibliography
Wages of cross-bearing and debt of sin : the economy of heaven in Matthew's gospel
Taught by God : making sense of the difficult sayings of Jesus
I never metaphor I didn't like : a comprehensive compilation of history's greatest analogies, metaphors, and similes
The language of the kingdom and Jesus : parable, aphorism, and metaphor in the sayings material common to the synoptic tradition and the Gospel of Thomas
Jesus and the parable of  the prodigal son
Nobody writes like Graham Greene : simile as thematic support over four decades of Graham Greene's novelistic production
Metaphors are a vital linguistic component of religious speech and serve as a cultural indicator of how groups understand themselves and the world. The essays compiled in this volume analyze the use, function, and structure of metaphors in Jewish writings from the Hellenistic-Roman period (including the works of Philo and the texts of Qumran), as well as in apocryphal early Christian texts and inscriptions.
The sky-garment : a study of the Harappan religion and its relation to the Mesopotamian and later Indian religions
Prodigal son/elder brother : interpretation and alterity in Augustine, Petrarch, Kafka, Levinas
Jesus the radical : the parables and modern morality
God reflected : metaphors for life
Rabbinic fantasies : imaginative narratives from classical Hebrew literature
The parables of Jesus the Galilean : stories of a social prophet
Similes and their use
Grace, reconciliation, concord : the death of Christ in Graeco-Roman metaphors
Paul's metaphors : their context and character
Poet and peasant and Through peasant eyes : a literary-cultural approach to the parables in Luke
Jesus through Middle Eastern eyes : cultural studies in the Gospels
God is King : understanding an Israelite metaphor
Religious ideas, feelings and their interrelationship
A history of the heart
Parables for preachers : the gospel of Mark, year B
Stories with intent : a comprehensive guide to the parables of Jesus
Forms of attachment to a home country: Lithuanians in the USA
Figuratively speaking
The parables : Jewish tradition and Christian interpretation
Metaphors we lead by : understanding leadership in the real world
Ustojčivye sravneniâ russkogo âzyka : illûstrirovannyj slovar' dlâ govorâŝih na anglijskom âzyke = Common Russian similes : illustrated dictionary for English speakers
Stories of Jesus. 3, Jesus, our teacher
Metaphors and similes in Malcolm Lowry's Under the volcano
Painfully clear : the parables of Jesus
Studies in early Christianity
The son of man in the parables of Enoch and in Matthew
Parables of Jesus : a commentary
"Since the late nineteenth century, New Testament scholars have operated on the belief that most, if not all, of the narrative parables in the Synoptic Gospels can be attributed to the historical Jesus. This book challenges that consensus and argues instead that only four parables-those of the Mustard Seed, the Evil Tenants, the Talents, and the Great Supper-can be attributed to the historical Jesus with fair certitude. In this eagerly anticipated fifth volume of 'A Marginal Jew, ' John Meier approaches this controversial subject with the same rigor and insight that garnered his earlier volumes praise from such publications as the 'New York Times' and 'Christianity Today'. This seminal volume pushes forward his masterful body of work in his ongoing quest for the historical Jesus."--Publisher.
Animal metaphors and the people of Israel in the book of Jeremiah
The Cross & the prodigal : Luke 15 through the eyes of Middle Eastern peasants
Re-imagine the world : an introduction to the parables of Jesus
The half-vanished structure : Hawthorne's allegorical dialectics
Marketing metaphoria : what deep metaphors reveal about the minds of consumers
Proverbial comparisons and similes from California
In parables : the challenge of the historical Jesus
Woman, mother, and bride : an exegetical investigation into the "ecclesial" notions of the apocalypse
A study of allegory in its historical context and relationship to contemporary theory
Example stories : perspectives on four parables in the Gospel of Luke
Interpreting the parables
