http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p556 languages
languages
An Introduction to Foreign Language Learning and Teaching presents an engaging, student-friendly guide to the fields of foreign language learning and teaching. For students beginning their study of these fields, the book provides essential background information, dealing with language learning and teaching in a clear and comprehensible way. An Introduction will also be of value to teachers in training and those already working in the field, providing an up-to-date overview which focuses on contemporary issues while at the same time providing an important historical perspective. The book covers both theoretical and practical aspects of the field and provides suggestions throughout for discussion and workshop activities. Matters related to classroom and task-based teaching are dealt with at length, making the book suitable for use on practical training courses, especially where a degree of theoretical background is also required. Although most of the examples used deal with English as a foreign language, the book offers a suitable introduction for teachers of any foreign language. In this age of unfettered global communication the teaching and learning of foreign languages have never been more important. An Introduction to Foreign Language Teaching and Learning will give you the head start you need to get ahead of the field.
From understanding to participation : a relational approach to embodied practices
Fast easy way to learn a language
This article is the first part of a series that employs a descendant historical reconstruction methodology to reverse-engineer areas where Finnic languages were spoken especially during the Iron Age (500 BC–AD 1150/1300). This opening article of the series presents a heuristic cartographic model of estimated locations of groups speaking Finnic languages and their neighbours in ca. AD 1000.
On the role of cultural content and cultural context in language instruction
Constructions
Pathways to better writing practices in foreign language teaching : an analysis of writing exercises in an English course book used in a migrant class
Teaching and Researching Autonomy provides an accessible and comprehensive critical account of the theory and practice of autonomy. Examining the history of the concept, it addresses important questions of how we can identify autonomy in language learning behaviours and how we can evaluate the wide variety of eductional practices that have been designed to foster autonomy in learning.
Native tongues
Teaching and researching : autonomy in language learning
Language teaching and acquisition of communication
Curriculum development in language teaching
Modern foreign languages for all : success with special educational needs
Finnish foreign language learners' use of English collocations
Learning languages for professions : a development project in tertiary-level language  instruction in Finland, 2005-2006
Language choice in EFL teaching : student teachers' perceptions
The functions of teachers' language choice and code-switching in EFL classroom discourse
Does space matter? : students' and teachers' perceptions on their modernized language classroom as a learning environment
Student and Teacher Perceptions on Learning Languages through  Web Conferencing : Focus on Adobe Connect Breakout Rooms
Culture and kultur - what is the difference, or is there any? : a comparative analysis of cultural content in English and Swedish textbook series for upper secondary school
Internationalization and the invisible language? Historical phases and current policies in Finnish higher education
Theoria et praxis
Chinese language as part of culture and its influence on work environment
Statistical report on the languages of the world as of 1985. Pt. 1, List of the languages of the world in decreasing order of the speaker numbers with phyletic and geographic identifications
The close relationship between motion (bodily movement) and emotion (feelings) is not an etymological coincidence. While moving ourselves, we move others; in observing others move - we are moved ourselves. The fundamentally interpersonal nature of mind and language has recently received due attention, but the key role of (e)motion in this context has remained something of a blind spot. The present book rectifies this gap by gathering contributions from leading philosophers, psychologists and linguists working in the area. Framed by an introducing prologue and a summarizing epilogue (written by Colwyn Trevarthen, who brought the phenomenological notion of intersubjectivity to a wider audience some 30 years ago), the volume elaborates a dynamical, active view of emotion, along with an affect-laden view of motion - and explores their significance for consciousness, intersubjectivity, and language. As such, it contributes to the emerging interdisciplinary field of mind science, transcending hitherto dominant computationalist and cognitivist approaches.
Change in the making : strategic and pedagogical aspects of technology integration in language teaching : towards multimodal language learning environments
A study of international work camp volunteers' attitudes and experiences of English as a lingua franca
Lexical inferencing skills of pupils in senior high school and vocational school : comparison of Finnish and German pupils
Intercultural teaching and learning : English as a foreign language education in Finland and Japan
Self-assessment : a motivating tool for achieving better language skills
A course in language teaching : trainee book
How to be a more successful language learner
This book contributes to the growth of interest in Content and Language Integrated Learning (CLIL), an approach to second/foreign language learning that requires the use of the target language to learn content. Within the framework of European strategies to promote multilingualism, CLIL has begun to be used extensively in a variety of language learning contexts, and at different educational systems and language programmes. This book brings together critical analyses on theoretical and implementation issues of Content and Language Integrated Learning, and empirical studies on the effectiveness of this type of instruction on learners' language competence. The basic theoretical assumption behind this book is that through successful use of the language to learn content, learners will develop their language proficiency more effectively while they learn the academic content specified in the curricula.
Emphasising the significance of foreign languages at the centre of war and conflict, this book argues that 'foreignness' and foreign languages are key to our understanding of what happens in war. Through case studies the book traces the role of languages in intelligence, military deployment, soldier/civilian meetings, occupation and peace building.
Aspects of modern language teaching in Europe
Language learners' seeking paths and strategies : one dimension of digital literacy
Parents' perceptions and experiences of home and school cooperation in English teaching in the secondary school
Vocabulary learning strategies used by upper secondary school students studying English as a second language
ELF in the classroom : Finnish upper secondary school students' attitudes towards ELF
Process drama as a way of teaching oral skills : a material package
Comparative phonology and morphology of the Baltic languages
This title considers why summative assessment in English is difficult and explores viewing it as an arts subject rather than one which is quantifiable and assessable objectively. "Testing English" considers why English is such a difficult subject to assess summatively and takes the view that English is an arts subject rather than one which is quantifiable and assessable objectively. Bethan Marshall examines the nature of the subject, the battlegrounds of examinations over the last 100 years and considers some of the solutions that have been put in place to overcome the problem both in the UK and abroad. "Testing English" looks at the way English lends itself to formative assessment in that it actively encourages dialogue with the pupils in the absence of 'right answers'. It explores the complex relationship between formative and summative assessment and considers the relationship in the light of the introduction of Assessing Pupil's Progress (APP). It is an essential reading for postgraduate students and researchers looking at the complexities involved in assessing English.
This text focuses on a current area of language learning and teaching - autonomous and self-access language learning. This text provides a variety of examples of current practice in classrooms and self-access centres, at secondary and tertiary levels, and in a number of different cultural contexts. The topics covered include: theoretical perspectives; learners and the learning process; technology; and the evaluation of learner autonomy.
The Routledge Encyclopedia of Second Language Acquisition offers a user-friendly, authoritative survey of terms and constructs that are important to understanding research in second language acquisition (SLA) and its applications. The Encyclopedia is designed for use as a reference tool by students, researchers, teachers and professionals with an interest in SLA. The Encyclopedia has the following features: * 252 alphabetized entries written in an accessible style, including cross references to other related entries in the Encyclopedia and suggestions for further reading * Among these, 9 survey entries that cover the foundational areas of SLA in detail: Development in SLA, Discourse and Pragmatics in SLA, Individual Differences in SLA, Instructed SLA, Language and the Lexicon in SLA, Measuring and Researching SLA, Psycholingustics of SLA, Social and Sociocultural Approaches to SLA, Theoretical Constructs in SLA. * The rest of the entries cover all the major subdisciplines, methodologies and concepts of SLA, from "Accommodation" to the "ZISA project." Written by an international team of specialists, the Routledge Encyclopedia of Second Language Acquisition is an invaluable resource for students and researchers with an academic interest in SLA.
Institution-wide language programmes : a research-and-development approach to their design, implementation and evaluatin
Simplification : theory and application
"Mä nautin siitä vapaudesta mikä meillä on" : language teaching in universities of applied sciences
Key data on teaching languages at school in Europe : 2008 edition
What is a context? : linguistic approaches and challenges
Handbook of foreign language communication and learning
Songs in Go for it!3- text- and workbooks
Second Language Learning and Language Teaching provides an introduction to the application of second language acquisition research to language teaching. Assuming no previous background in second language acquisition or language teaching methods, this text starts by introducing readers to the basic issues of second language acquisition research. It then examines how people learn particular aspects of the second language, such as grammar, vocabulary, pronunciation and the writing system, and at the strategies they adopt in their learning and the differences between individuals. Final chapters look at second language learning in a broader context - the goals of language teaching and how teaching methods relate to SLA research. This newly updated fifth edition builds on the comprehensive scope of earlier editions while also addressing more recent developments in the field, particularly multilingual approaches to language teaching.
Future teachers of English : a study of competence in the teaching of writing
On the paradigms of Uralic comparative studies
Language teaching in the new education
The languages of the world
A guide to doing statistics in second language research using SPSS
Questionnaires in second language research : construction, administration, and processing
Using music in EFL teaching at lower secondary education : teachers' experiences and opinions
The dynamics of foreign versus second language development in Finnish writing
The explorative-creative way : implementation of a humanistic language teaching model
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages
Teaching children foreign languages
Typology of affirmative and negative non-verbal  predicates in the Ugric and Samoyedic languages
Investigating English in Europe : contexts and agendas
CLIL/EMILE - the European dimension : actions, trends and foresight potential
Introduction to Altaic linguistics
Learning and teaching modern languages for communication : Project No. 12 : final report of the project group [activities 1982-87]
Telecollaboration in foreign language learning
Understanding language teaching : from method to post-method
Developing a whole language program for a whole school
Modern foreign languages in the national curriculum
Grammar instruction in Finnish upper secondary school EFL textbooks
Critical issues in foreign language instruction
Languages and children - making the match : foreign language instruction in the elementary school
Practising, testing and assessing oral skills in Finnish upper secondary schools: teachers' opinions
Content and language integrated learning : evidence from research in Europe
Language teaching in the twentyfirst century : problems and prospects
The nature of EFL conversation in classroom and net-based learning environment
This valuable book shows second language researchers how to use the statistical program SPSS to conduct statistical tests frequently done in SLA research. Using data sets from real SLA studies, A Guide to Doing Statistics in Second Language Research Using SPSS shows newcomers to both statistics and SPSS how to generate descriptive statistics, how to choose a statistical test, and how to conduct and interpret a variety of basic statistical tests. The author covers the statistical tests that are most commonly used in second language research, including chi-square, t-tests, correlation, multiple regression, ANOVA and non-parametric analogs to these tests. The text is abundantly illustrated with graphs and tables depicting actual data sets, and exercises throughout the book help readers understand concepts (such as the difference between independent and dependent variables) and work out statistical analyses. Answers to all exercises are provided on the book's companion website, along with sample data sets and other supplementary material.
Peer interactions in new content and language integrated settings
Tasks for independent language learning
The Veps language in Russia : ELDIA case-specific report
Pronominal subjects in Peninsular Spanish and European Portuguese : semantics, pragmatics, and formulaic sequences
This wide-ranging survey of issues in intercultural language teaching and learning covers everything from core concepts to program evaluation, and advocates a fluid, responsive approach to teaching language that reflects its central role in fostering intercultural understanding. Includes coverage of theoretical issues defining language, culture, and communication, as well as practice-driven issues such as classroom interactions, technologies, programs, and language assessment Examines systematically the components of language teaching: language itself, meaning, culture, learning, communicating, and assessments, and puts them in social and cultural context Features numerous examples throughout, drawn from various languages,international contexts, and frameworks Incorporates a decade of in-depth research and detailed documentation from the authors' collaborative work with practicing teachers Provides a much-needed addition to the sparse literature on intercultural aspects of language education
Introducing second language acquisition
Inter-university student selection for English 1974 : a joint entrance test project of the universities of Joensuu, Jyväskylä and Turku
The common sense of teaching foreign languages
This book is an invaluable resource for anyone interested in researching or just learning more about the changing role and status of English across Europe. The status of English today is explained in its historical context before the author presents some of the key debates and ideas relating to the challenge English poses for learners, teachers, and language policy makers. The Nordic countries provide a focused case study.
When dead tongues speak : teaching beginning Greek and Latin
New ways in content-based instruction
Customer Satisfaction Research: Euro-Lingua Language School
The role of information and communication technologies (ICTs) within an educational bilingual programme in Finland : a case study under CLIL approach perception
Foundations of second language teaching
Intercultural competence through drama : a teaching experiment
Emotion in multilingual interaction
Cognition of Korean-English secondary school teachers about intercultural dimension in EFL teaching
Routledge encyclopedia of second language acquisition
Importance of Language Proficiency in Recruitment in International Business
State of the art TESOL essays : celebrating 25 years of the discipline
Constraints in discourse 3 : representing and inferring discourse structure
Languages of South Asia : a guide
The Romance languages : a linguistic introduction
Student foreign language projects at RUC
From brawn to brain : strong signals in foreign language education : proceedings of the ViKiPeda-2007 Conference in Helsinki, May 21-22, 2007
Taloni huojuu vielä pahasti : metaphorical expressions used by university students about themselves as learners of English and about their teachers
Compendium of the world's language. Volume 1 : Abaza to Kurdish
The foreign language learning process
A language teacher's guide
Second language acquisition : an introductory course
"Välillä mua on melkein itkettäny mennä luennolle" : advanced language learners' experiences with foreign language anxiety
This best-selling textbook provides an engaging and user-friendly introduction to the study of language. Assuming no prior knowledge in the subject, Yule presents information in short, bite-sized sections, introducing the major concepts in language study - from how children learn language to why men and women speak differently, through all the key elements of language. This fourth edition has been revised and updated with twenty new sections, covering new accounts of language origins, the key properties of language, text messaging, kinship terms and more than twenty new word etymologies. To increase student engagement with the text, Yule has also included more than fifty new tasks, including thirty involving data analysis, enabling students to apply what they have learned. The online study guide offers students further resources when working on the tasks, while encouraging lively and proactive learning. This is the most fundamental and easy-to-use introduction to the study of language.
Course design : developing programs and materials for language learning
The book of languages : speak your way around the world
New ways of using computers in language teaching
Broadening the horizon of linguistic politeness
"No better, no worse - but definitely different" : the presentation of target cultures in two English textbook-series for Finnish secondary school children
The Time Machine : a material package for using fiction in foreign language teaching
Everyday English at work - does it work? : evaluation of an English language course
Handbook of Amazonian languages. Volume 1
Listening, reading, writing : analysis and application
Teaching languages : a way and ways
Written for students encountering the topic for the first time, this is a clear and practical introduction to second language acquisition (SLA). It explains in non-technical language how a second language is acquired; what the second language learner needs to know; and why some learners are more successful than others. The textbook introduces in a step-by-step fashion a range of fundamental concepts - such as SLA in adults and children, in formal and informal learning contexts, and in diverse socio-cultural settings - and takes an interdisciplinary approach, encouraging students to consider SLA from linguistic, psychological and social perspectives. Each chapter contains a list of key terms, a summary, and a range of graded exercises suitable for self-testing or class discussion. Providing a solid foundation in SLA, this book is set to become the leading introduction to the field for students of linguistics, psychology, and education, and trainee language teachers.
The mind's eye : using pictures creatively in language learning. Teacher's book
Where do these rails go? : drama in education in practising fluency for upper secondary school English students
"This is my portfolio" : portfolios in upper secondary school English studies
Individuals at the heart of educational change : local level administrators' views on the development of the organization of language education through top-down projects, bottom-up reorganization, and cooperation and communication
Incorporating social media, digital learning tools and CLIL in language room
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
The handbook of language and globalization
Moving ourselves, moving others : motion and emotion in intersubjectivity, consciousness and language
Language Consultant Service Project
Language : its structure and evolution
This book addresses specific learning difficulties in reading and spelling - developmental dyslexia. Set in the cross-linguistic context, it presents issues surrounding dyslexia from the perspective of a foreign language teacher. It is intended to serve as a reference book for those involved in foreign language teaching, including experienced in-service teachers and novice teachers, as well as teacher trainers and trainees. It offers an up-to-date and reader-friendly study of the mechanisms of dyslexia and an overview of the current research on the disorder, in theoretical and practical terms. Its aim is to help teachers tackle one of the many challenges they face in the modern classroom: the organization of an effective foreign language teaching process for students with dyslexia
Who needs languages? : micro and macro perspectives into language education policies : International Conference & 28th Summer School of Applied Language Studies, June 7-10, 2010, University of Jyväskylä, Finland
The context of language teaching
Towards greater learner autonomy in the foreign language classroom : report on a research-and-development project (1997-2001)
A qualitative study of the use of netspeak in English language classroom : implementation of netspeak in high school and university language teaching
Language and identities
In this second edition of the best-selling Second Language Research, Alison Mackey and Sue Gass continue to guide students step-by-step through conducting the second language research process with a clear and comprehensive overview of the core issues in second language research. Supported by a wealth of data examples from actual studies, the book examines questions of what is meant by research and what defines good research questions, covering such topics as basic research principles and data collection methods, designing a quantitative research study, and concluding and reporting research findings. The second edition includes a new chapter on mixed-methods, new "time to think" and "time to do" text boxes throughout, and updates to reflect the latest research and literature. Supplementary materials, including an extensive glossary and appendices of forms and documents that students can use in conducting their own studies, serve as useful reference tools, with suggestions on how to get research published reemphasizing the book's practical how-to approach. Second Language Research, Second Edition is the ideal resource for understanding the second language research process for graduate students in Second Language Acquisition and Applied Linguistics.
Ways of reading : advanced reading skills for students of English literature
International journal of Language Academy
Statistical report on the languages of the world as of 1985. Pt. 2, List of the languages of the world arranged according to linguistic phyla with speaker number data
Foreign language learning difficulties and learning strategies : four cases
The language teaching matrix
Language and learning : an interactional perspective
The position of Finnish and Swedish as well as other languages at universities in Finland
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages. Indexes
Languages of the World : an introduction
Aspects of teaching secondary modern foreign languages : perspectives on practice
Fluent in 3 months : the radical new way that anyone, at any age, can learn to speak any language from anywhere in the world
Teaching language arts creatively
Modern languages and the world of to-day
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages. Addenda and corrigenda
"Kattokaa nyt missa? se kieli on" : English and French teachers' views on pronunciation and its teaching
Women, men and language : a sociolinguistic account of sex differences in language
Language in late modernity : interaction in an urban school
Corrections of non-native student errors in an EFL classroom
"Media are your windows to the world" : teachers' perspectives on the use of media and ICT in foreign language teaching
Learner autonomy. 4, The role of authentic texts
After the protolanguage : invisible convergence, false divergence and boundary shift
Studying vapaa säestys through English in a CLIL teaching experiment : content and language learning experiences of JAMK music students
Report on the case study on the Karelian language in Russia, conducted within the EU-FP7 research project ELDIA.
Standard languages and multilingualism in European history
Thousands of words : a comparative study on the functions of pictorial illustrations in English language textbooks
Languages at war : policies and practices of language contacts in conflict
De situ linguarum aetatis ferreae, pars I
ETIC occasional paper : the teaching of comprehension
The importance of objectives in foreign language instruction as rated by teachers
Concise encyclopedia of applied linguistics
Statistical report on the languages of the world as of 1985. Pt. 3, List of the languages of the world arranged according to continents and countries
Finnish EFL learners' perceptions on errors, corrective feedback and foreign language anxiety
This volume formalizes, organizes and analyzes the relation of knowledge about language to decision-making in practice. It synthesizes research in psycholinguistics, educational linguistics and sociolinguistics, freely crossing subject fields to establish innovative and expert responses to some of the key debates in the field. Authored and compiled by leaders in their various specialties and collated and extensively re-edited from the award-winning "Encyclopedia of Language and Linguistics, 2nd Edition", this collection will be an ideal one-stop desk reference solution for any linguistics professional and researcher interested in how language operates at the leading edge. It offers an authoritative review of this dynamic field placed in an interdisciplinary context. It includes over 100 articles by leaders in the field. It is presented in compact and affordable single-volume format.
Learning and teaching oral communication in English in vocational school : learners' and teachers' views
Subject expertise among teacher students of English and Swedish : the ideal language teacher and self-efficacy beliefs
The atoms of language
Developing learner autonomy in foreign language learning
Supporting independent language learning : issues and interventions
Substrata Uralica : studies on Finno-Ugrian substrate in Northern Russian dialects
Statistical report on the languages of the world as of 1985. Pt. 4, Alphabetical index of the languages of the world arranged according to continents
Slavic nominal word-formation : proto-Indo-European origins and historical development
Meets the challenges that globalization poses to sociolinguistic theory by investigating key issues relating to language use and development. This title brings together research in the field and maps out different areas for future research.
Autonomy in language learning : papers from a conference held in January 1990
Language and thought
Guide to the Slavonic languages
Is blended best for the Net Generation? : a review of the changing landscape of foreign language learning in higher education
Talking about time in Russian and Finnish
Report about the case study on the Veps language in Russia, conducted within the EU-FP7 research project ELDIA.
Papers from the 26th Communication Skills Workshop : Identity Explored: Language Centre, Language Professional, Language Teacher, Language Learner
"Naturally wired to learn" : beliefs about SLA in an online community
Ethnologue : language family index : to the thirteenth edition of the Ethnologue, [languages of the world]
MLIS - Europa multilinguis - language and business
In other words : a coursebook on translation
Programmed learning and the language teacher : some implications and suggestions for the use of programmes in the teaching of a foreign language
Dialogue with Bakhtin on second and foreign language learning : new perspectives
Beyond methods : components of second language teacher education
Once upon a time : perceptual learning styles in empowering EFL learners : a task-based teaching material package
Language learning strategies : what every teacher should know
"Natural, unmodified, meaningful, motivating and real" : authentic learning materials and authentic learning defined by fl teachers and teacher students
Advances in language pedagogy
Learning to read : the effect of orthography
Beliefs about SLA : new research approaches
Designing tasks for the communicative classroom
Musical experiences in learning English as a foreign language
I for one welcome our plurilingual overlords : a critical discourse analysis of the values and ideologies connected with plurilingualism in the policy document From linguistic diversity to plurilingual education : guide for the development of language educacation policies in Europe
Language teaching tomorrow : the journal of higher education language teaching and learning
Current trends in child second language acquisition : a generative perspective
Beliefs about learning English as a foreign language : comparisons of two groups of Finnish university students
First year physics students' perceptions of studying foreign languages
Language learning : insights for learners, teachers, and researchers
After having been teaching online using Adobe Connect web conferencing system since 2008, it was  time to stop and reflect upon its advantages and disadvantages. The purpose of this research paper is  to study the possibilities and challenges of online language teaching by focusing on the breakout room  feature of the Adobe Connect system. The aim is to investigate how the function supports or  challenges language learning from the students' and the teacher's viewpoint. In addition, the purpose  is to compare to what extent their experiences coincide. In this study the data consists of my own  observations as a language teacher using Adobe Connect breakout rooms. The data on students'  experiences was collected by conducting a survey in the virtual learning environment Optima. The equestionnaire  was replied by 29 students of business and business information systems using the  blended learning method at Oulu University of Applied Sciences. The students were inquired about  how well the breakout function serves language learning purposes in general and on the specific  lesson when the survey was carried out. Moreover, some technical background information was  collected on the hardware and software used. The survey and the teacher's observations indicated  that the breakout function succeeds in supporting the interactive nature of language learning. Most of  the challenges discovered were related to technology
Teachers' perspectives on the changes and challenges in teaching English in Finland
FUN AT THE FARM
Aspects of Altaic civilization : proceedings of the fifth meeting of the permanent international Altaistic conference held at Indiana university, June 4-9, 1962
Second language learning and language teaching
The Routledge Handbook of Multilingualism provides a comprehensive survey of the field of multilingualism for a global readership, and an overview of the research which situates multilingualism in its social, cultural and political context. The handbook includes an introduction and five sections with thirty two chapters by leading international contributors. The introduction charts the changing landscape of social and ethnographic research on multilingualism (theory, methods and research sites) and it foregrounds key contemporary debates. Chapters are structured around sub-headings such as: early developments, key issues related to theory and method, new research directions. This handbook offers an authoritative guide to shifts over time in thinking about multilingualism as well as providing an overview of the range of contemporary themes, debates and research sites. The Routledge Handbook of Multilingualism is the ideal resource for postgraduate students of multilingualism, as well as those studying education and anthropology.
Karelian in Russia : ELDIA case-specific report
Learner autonomy. 6, Developing learners' thinking skills
CMC features in lingua franca e-mail messages
The Routledge handbook of second language acquisition
Word-Formation : an International handbook of the languages of Europe. Volume 1
With contributions by leading European, North American and Asian scholars, this volume offers a comprehensive anthology of conceptual and empirical papers describing the developments in L2 motivation research that involves the reframing of motivation in the context of contemporary notions of self and identity.
Spaces of Polyphony
The CALLA handbook : implementing the Cognitive Academic Language Learning Approach
Second language research : methodology and design
An introduction to foreign language learning and teaching
Lexical cross-linguistic influence in the written English production of Finnish 6th grade pupils
"Women, Men and Language" is an essential introduction to the key area of language and gender. It sketches the historical background, summarises recent research and introduces students to the key issues in the field using an unpretentious and clear style. Gender is a hugely popular topic and this book provides the answer to questions such as 'Do men and women talk differently?'; 'In what ways do they talk differently'; 'Does Language play a role in male dominance?'.
Dyslexia in the foreign language classroom
Rituals, myth and art for English language class : cultural meanings in foreign language teaching : interpretive anthropological and sociocultural perspectives
Trade schools, universities, and programs for international students have begun to experiment with Content and Language Integrated Learning (CLIL) as a viable pedagogy for instruction, as the pedagogy of CLIL increasingly gains recognition as a practical form of language and content education in Europe and beyond, and its application in instructional settings becomes more diverse. Corresponding with CLIL's growth, this book focuses on foreign language use during peer interactions in a new CLIL setting. It particularly concentrates on how to conduct research when the focus is on learner interactions. The theoretical background, research methods, and research instruments are explained in a brief and understandable manner. This book is intended for those interested in CLIL and peer interactions and includes a framework and ideas for investigating new CLIL contexts in a practical manner allowing undergraduate and graduate students to conduct their own research in these settings.
On language, the sexes and sexism : a survey
"Shiner the sun?" : question development in the writing of Finnish learners of English
Ethnologue : languages of the world
Strong signals in foreign language education, with a view to future visions
Teaching modern languages
Taking control : autonomy in language learning
Was there a Volgaic unity within Finno-Ugric?
Finnish upper secondary school students' views of foreign languages : motivation, attitudes and beliefs
Lunatic lovers of language : imaginary languages and their inventors
Where we go
Aspects of learning foreign languages and WITH foreign languages : language immersion and CLIL
Curriculum renewal in school foreign language learning
Developing dialogic communication culture in media education : integrating dialogism and technology
Testing English : formative and summative approaches to English assessment
Motivation, language identity and the L2 self
Teaching foreign languages
The Routledge encyclopedia of research methods in applied linguistics
Linguistic diversity in Europe : current trends and discourses
Intercultural language teaching and learning
Seeing English through signing eyes : Finnish sign language users' views on learning English
Content-based second language instruction
An integrative approach to foreign language teaching : choosing among options
The occurrence of voices in third graders' beliefs about the ease and difficulty of foreign languages
Language laboratories
Teachers of English in Finnish upper secondary general school and their job satisfaction
Finnish preschool children's experiences of an English language shower
Communicative competence and language teaching : theoretical considerations and an exercise typology
Dyslexia and English as a foreign language : a study on compositions in English matriculation examination spring 1995
"As many men, so many minds" : a study on attitudes towards foreign languages in Finland
Discursive study of attitudes towards English and Finnish
The developing language learner : an introduction to exploratory practice
Second language acquisition theory and pedagogy
The IALL language center design kit
The study of language
