http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5564 quantum physics
quantum physics
Quantum field theory in a semiotic perspective
Quantum mechanics for scientists and engineers
The quantum universe : everything that can happen does happen
Optical coherence and quantum optics
Lectures delivered at the Summer Institute for Theoretical Physics, University of Colorado, Boulder, 1959
Non-Markovian dynamics and the quantum-to-classical transition for quantum Brownian motion
For almost every student of physics, the first course on quantum theory raises a lot of puzzling questions and creates a very uncertain picture of the quantum world. This book presents a detailed exposition of the fundamental concepts of quantum theory: states, effects, observables, channels and instruments. It introduces several up-to-date topics, such as state discrimination, quantum tomography, measurement disturbance and entanglement distillation. A separate chapter is devoted to quantum entanglement. The theory is illustrated with numerous examples, reflecting recent developments in the field. The treatment emphasises quantum information, though its general approach makes it a useful resource for graduate students and researchers in all subfields of quantum theory. Focusing on mathematically precise formulations, the book summarises the relevant mathematics.
Quantum theory cannot hurt you : understanding the mind-blowing building blocks of the universe
Quamtum physics
Variational theory of quantum fluids
Science but not as we know it : cutting-edge concepts made simple
An introduction to quantum optics : photon and biphoton physics
The quantum story : a history in 40 moments
Dialogue in the crisis of representation : realism and antirealism in the context of the conversation between theologians and quantum physicists in Göttingen 1949-1961
Quantum mechanics and quantum field theory : a mathematical primer
Dynamics and collective effects in cavity QED and in Bose-Einstein condensation
Realism and quantum physics
Quantum theory of solids
Antitime and antispace
The Postscript to the logic of scientific discovery. Quantum theory and the schism in physics
The psychic tourist : a voyage into the curious world of predicting the future
Semiconductor devices : an introduction
Superconducting qubits - measurement, entanglement, and noise
Dynamics and decoherence in two-electron quantum dots
"In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions : What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives."
Build your own time machine : the real science of time travel
Exact solutions of a Dirac equation with a varying CP-violating mass profile and coherent quasiparticle approximation
Quantum systems in chemistry and physics : progress in methods and applications
Quantum field theory and critical phenomena
Developments in many-body theory of quantum transport and spectroscopy with non-equilibrium Green's functions and time-dependent density functional theory
Evidence of things not seen
Time reborn : from the crisis in physics to the future of the universe
Application of time-dependent many-body perturbation theory to excitation spectra of selected finite model systems
Mitä me oikeastaan tiedämme?! : What the bleep do we (k)now?!
Decoding reality : the universe as Quantum
Compendium of quantum physics : concepts, experiments, history and philosophy
"This book proposes a new perspective: that our current theories of the physical world don't work, and can never be made to work, until they account for life and consciousness.  This book proposes that, rather than a belated and minor outcome after billions of years of lifeless physical processes, life and consciousness are absolutely fundamental to our understanding of the universe."--Introd.
Quantum field theory
You are wrong, Mr Einstein! : Newton, Einstein, Heisenberg and Feynman discussing quantum mechanics
Scattering off the color glass condensate
Quantum computing in solid state systems
The field : the quest for the secret force of the universe
The philosophy of physics
Epistemological and experimental perspectives on quantum physics
From the bestselling author of The Theoretical Minimum, an accessible introduction to the math and science of quantum mechanics. Quantum Mechanics is a (second) book for anyone who wants to learn how to think like a physicist. In this follow-up to the bestselling The Theoretical Minimum, physicist Leonard Susskind and data engineer Art Friedman offer a first course in the theory and associated mathematics of the strange world of quantum mechanics.
Quantum optics
You are the universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
The ghost in the atom : a discussion of the mysteries of quantum physics
Quantum tomography with phase space measurements
Guide to mathematical concepts of quantum theory
Quantum information, computation and communication
The large, the small and the human mind
Bananaworld : quantum mechanics for primates
Principles of quantum mechanics : the non-relativistic theory with some illustrative applications
One-dimensional theory of the quantum Hall system
A student's guide to Einstein's major papers
Semiconductor spintronics
College physics : a strategic approach
The flicker men
Introduction to quantum mechanics
On the fundamentals of coherence theory : koherenssiteorian perusteista
From quantum to cosmos : the universe within
An introduction to quantum physics
QSCP-XVII : International Workshop on Quantum Systems in Chemistry and Physics : abstracts and program : August 19-25, 2012, Turku, Finland
Student friendly quantum field theory : basic principles and quantum electrodynamics
Nonequilibrium quantum transport physics in nanosystems : foundation of computational nonequilibrium physics in nanoscience and nanotechnology
Experimental aspects of quantum computing
"Classical solutions play an important role in quantum field theory, high-energy physics, and cosmology. Real-time soliton solutions give rise to particles, such as magnetic monopoles, and extended structures, such as domain walls and cosmic strings, that have implications for the cosmology of the early universe. Imaginarytime Euclidean instantons are responsible for important nonperturbative effects, while Euclidean bounce solutions govern transitions between metastable states. Written for advanced graduate students and researchers in elementary particle physics, cosmology, and related fields, this book brings the reader up to the level of current research in the field"--
A metageometric enquiry concerning time, space and quantum physics
Medium energy proton capture in light nuclei followed by real and virtual photon emission
Quantum mechanics : classical results, modern systems, and visualized examples
Practical cosmology : proceedings of the International conference "Problems of Practical Cosmology" held at Russian Geographical Society, 23-27 June 2008, Saint Petersburg, Russia
Seven brief lessons on physics
Dynamical symmetry
In search of Schopenhauer's cat : Arthur Schopenhauer's quantum-mystical theory of justice
From the control of quantum systems to multiqubit logic
Introducing quantum theory: a graphic guide
Singular quadratic forms in perturbation theory
A time-dependent approach to adiabatic and non-adiabatic molecular dynamics using generalized coherent states
Resonances, dissipation and decoherence in exotic and artificial atoms
Tetrahedral chalcopyrite quantum dots in solar-cell applications
On topological solitions in the Faddeev-Skyrme model and its extensions
God is not dead
Thirty years that shook physics : the story of quantum theory
In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions: What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives.
Recurrence plot : (and other time travel tales)
Non-Markovian dynamics and quantum information probes
Quantum metaphysics
Quantum physics
Studies in general relativity and quantum mechanics
A metageometric enquiry concerning time, space, and quantum physics
Quantum theory of the optical and electronic properties of semiconductors
Quantum states of light
The infinity puzzle
Microwave experiments and noise in mesoscopic devices
Supersymmetric methods in quantum and statistical physics
The spiritual technology of ancient Egypt : sacred science and the mystery of consciousness
Quantum fluctuations of the order parameter in superconducting nanowires
Proceedings of the ... International A. D. Sakharov Conference on Physics
The amazing story of quantum mechanics : a math-free exploration of the science that made our world
Memory effects in the dynamics of open quantum systems
Quantum physics in the nanoworld : Schrödinger's cat and the dwarfs
Biocentrism : how life and consciousness are the keys to understanding the true nature of the universe
Experimental study of quantum fluctuations in titanium nanowires in highly resistive environment
Time-dependent quantum transport in nanosystems : a nonequilibrium Green's function approach
30-second quantum theory : the 50 most thought-provoking quantum concepts, each explained in half a minute
Quantum mechanics in superconducting circuits and nanomechanical devices
The theory of symmetry actions in quantum mechanics : with an application to the Galilei group
Niels Bohr and the quantum atom : the Bohr model of atomic structure, 1913-1925
Memory effects and geometrical considerations in open quantum systems
Otkrytie kosmologičeskogo zamedleniâ hoda vremeni / Discovery of cosmological deceleration of the course of time / Igor N. Taganov
Causality and change in modern physics
Classical solutions in quantum field theory : solitons and instantons in high energy physics
Quantum kinetic theory with nonlocal coherence
You are the Universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
Methods of modern mathematical physics. 1, Functional analysis
Quantum metaphysics : the role of human beings within the paradigms of classical and quantum physics
Physics in minutes
Introduction to gauge field theory
Mathematical concepts of quantum mechanics
101 quantum questions : what you need to know about the world you can't see
Relativistic quantum theory for particles in external fields
Nuclear spin-lattice relaxation in tunnelling three and four spin groups
"Explaining the concepts of quantum mechanics and quantum field theory in a precise mathematical language, this textbook is an ideal introduction for graduate students in mathematics, helping to prepare them for further studies in quantum physics. The textbook covers topics that are central to quantum physics: non-relativistic quantum mechanics, quantum statistical mechanics, relativistic quantum mechanics and quantum field theory. There is also background material on analysis, classical mechanics, relativity and probability. Each topic is explored through a statement of basic principles followed by simple examples. Around 100 problems throughout the textbook help readers develop their understanding"--
The quantum moment : how Planck, Bohr, Einstein, and Heisenberg taught us to love uncertainty
The quantum world : quantum physics for everyone
Techniques and applications of path integration
Quantum state control with a superconducting qubit
Problems and solutions in quantum computing and quantum information
Early quantum electrodynamics : a source book
Kabbalah, science and the meaning of life
Erwin Schrödinger and the quantum revolution
Quantum mechanics : the theoretical minimum
The mathematical language of quantum theory : from uncertainty to entanglement
'Here, on the edge of what we know, in contact with the ocean of the unknown, shines the mystery and the beauty of the world. And it's breathtaking'  These seven short, simple lessons guide us through the scientific revolution that shook physics in the twentieth century and still continues to shake us today. Theoretical physicist Carlo Rovelli, a founder of the loop quantum gravity theory. explains Einstein's theory of general relativity, quantum mechanics, black holes, the complex architecture of the universe, elementary particles, gravity, and the nature of the mind. In under eighty pages, readers will understand the most transformative scientific discoveries of the twentieth century and what they mean for us.
The mystery of the quantum world
A quantum approach to condensed matter physics
On Topological Solitons in The Faddeev-Skyrme Model and its Extensions
The quantum age : how the physics of the very small has transformed our lives
