http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5565 quantum theory
quantum theory
Geometric analysis of hyperbolic differential equations : an introduction
Einstein and the quantum : the quest of the valiant Swabian
The spiritual technology of ancient Egypt : sacred science and the mystery of consciousness
This textbook explains the experimental basics, effects and theory of nuclear physics. It supports learning and teaching with numerous worked examples, questions and problems with answers. Numerous tables and diagrams help to better understand the explanations. A better feeling to the subject of the book is given with sketches about the historical development of nuclear physics. The main topics of this book include the phenomena associated with passage of charged particles and radiation through matter which are related to nuclear resonance fluorescence and the Moessbauer effect., Gamov's theory of alpha decay, Fermi theory of beta decay, electron capture and gamma decay. The discussion of general properties of nuclei covers nuclear sizes and nuclear force, nuclear spin, magnetic dipole moment and electric quadrupole moment. Nuclear instability against various modes of decay and Yukawa theory are explained. Nuclear models such as Fermi Gas Model, Shell Model, Liquid Drop Model, Collective Model and Optical Model are outlined to explain various experimental facts related to nuclear structure. Heavy ion reactions, including nuclear fusion, are explained. Nuclear fission and fusion power production is treated elaborately.
Reality revisited : from clockwork to an evolving quantum world
Understanding quantum physics : a user's manual
What can fashionable ideas, blind faith, or pure fantasy possibly have to do with the scientific quest to understand the universe? Surely, theoretical physicists are immune to mere trends, dogmatic beliefs, or flights of fancy? In fact, acclaimed physicist and best-selling author Roger Penrose argues that researchers working at the extreme frontiers of physics are just as susceptible to these forces as anyone else. In this provocative book, he argues that fashion, faith, and fantasy, while sometimes productive and even essential in physics, my be leading today's researchers astray in three of the field's most important areas--string theory, quantum mechanics, and cosmology.... The result is an important critique of some of the most significant developments in physics today from one of its most eminent figures.
Quantum theory for beginners
Geometric and topological methods for quantum field theory : proceedings of the 2009 Villa de Leyva summer school
The quantum age : how the physics of the very small has transformed our lives
Relativistic quantum theory for particles in external fields
"This book originated from a course on quantum computing designed for an audience of varied experience, backgrounds and qualifications. Not assuming that the readers have advanced knowledge of information theory or quantum mechanics or linear algebra, this introductory text book provides a lucid introduction to the rapidly developing field of quantum computing and quantum communication, rigorously proving all mathematical sentences".
Quantum coherence and mesoscopic fluctuations
Control of open quantum systems
30-second quantum theory : the 50 most thought-provoking quantum concepts, each explained in half a minute
On the Properties and Cosmology of Q-balls
Quantum computing and communications
Factorization method in quantum mechanics
What a wonderful world : one man's attempt to explain the big stuff
Dynamical properties of single-electron devices and molecular magnets
Relativistic quantum theory of atoms and molecules : theory and computation
Dynamics of cavity fields with dissipative and amplifying couplings through multiple quantum two state systems
Noncommutative quantum field theory : problem of time and some applications
Interpreting physics : language and the classical/quantum divide
The old quantum theory
Computing with quantum cats : from colossus to qubits
Quantum theory : reconsideration of foundations : proceedings of the conference : Växjö (Smaland), Sweden, 17-21 June, 2001
The universe inside you : the extreme science of the human body from quantum theory to the mysteries of the brain
Quantum symmetries on operator algebras
Extreme observables and optimal measurements in quantum theory
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of quantum mechanics
Ontological aspects of quantum field theory
Chaos and quantum physics : Les Houches session LII, 1 - 31 août 1989 = Chaos et physique quantique
Atom tunneling phenomena in physics, chemistry and biology
The interpretation of quantum theory: where do we stand?
Lectures on quantum theory : mathematical and structural foundations
The philosophy of quantum mechanics
Electronic properties of non-circular quantum dots
Einstein 1905 : the standard of greatness
An introduction to the interpretation of quantal responses in biology
Quantum mechanics : symbolism of atomic measurements
Studies in Lie and quantum algebras
The never-ending days of being dead : dispatches from the frontline of science
Quantum theory cannot hurt you : a guide to the universe
Quantum anholonomy from a Bohmian perspective
The new world of Mr Tompkins : George Gamow's classic Mr Tompkins in paperback
Phase in optics
How to teach quantum physics to your dog
Quantum systems and field theory : some new trends and applications
Einstein's miraculous year : five papers that changed the face of physics
Potentiality, entanglement and passion-at-a-distance. Vol. 2, Quantum mechanical studies for Abner Shimony
Quantum, super and twistors : proceedings of the 22nd Max Born Symposium Wrocław, Poland 2006, a conference in honor of Jerzy Lukierski on the occasion of his 70th birthday
Applied quantum mechanics
Theory of the electron : a theory of matter from START
The hidden reality : parallel universes and the deep laws of the cosmos
Unfolding meaning : a weekend of dialogue with David Bohm
Introduction to nanomaterials and devices
"From V.E. Schwab, the critically acclaimed author of Vicious, comes a new universe of daring adventure, thrilling power, and parallel Londons, beginning with A Darker Shade of Magic.  Kell is one of the last Travelers--magicians with a rare, coveted ability to travel between parallel universes--as such, he can choose where he lands. There's Grey London, dirty and boring, without any magic, ruled by a mad King George. Then there's Red London, where life and magic are revered, and the Maresh Dynasty presides over a flourishing empire. White London, ruled by whoever has murdered their way to the throne--a place where people fight to control magic, and the magic fights back, draining the city to its very bones. And once upon a time, there was Black London...but no one speaks of that now. Officially, Kell is the Red Traveler, personal ambassador and adopted Prince of Red London, carrying the monthly correspondences between the royals of each London. Unofficially, Kell is a smuggler, servicing people willing to pay for even the smallest glimpses of a world they'll never see--a dangerous hobby, and one that has set him up for accidental treason. Fleeing into Grey London, Kell runs afoul of Delilah Bard, a cut-purse with lofty aspirations, first robs him, then saves him from a dangerous enemy, and then forces him to spirit her to another world for a proper adventure.  But perilous magic is afoot, and treachery lurks at every turn. To save all of the worlds, Kell and Lila will first need to stay alive--and that is proving trickier than they hoped. "--
The Universe of Fluctuations : the Architecture of Spacetime and the Universe
From the bestselling author of The Theoretical Minimum, an accessible introduction to the math and science of quantum mechanics. Quantum Mechanics is a (second) book for anyone who wants to learn how to think like a physicist. In this follow-up to the bestselling The Theoretical Minimum, physicist Leonard Susskind and data engineer Art Friedman offer a first course in the theory and associated mathematics of the strange world of quantum mechanics.
Einstein's unification
Mathematical concepts of quantum mechanics
Quantum theory : reconsideration of foundations : Växjö, Sweden. 11-16 June 2007.. 4
Wholeness and the implicate order
BRST, gauge-fixing and gravity
The quantum universe : everything that can happen does happen
"This completely revised and updated graduate-level textbook is an ideal introduction to gauge theories and their applications to high-energy particle physics, and takes an in-depth look at two new laws of nature--quantum chromodynamics and the electroweak theory. From quantum electrodynamics through unified theories of the interactions among leptons and quarks, Chris Quigg examines the logic and structure behind gauge theories and the experimental underpinnings of today's theories. Quigg emphasizes how we know what we know, and in the era of the Large Hadron Collider, his insightful survey of the standard model and the next great questions for particle physics makes for compelling reading.The brand-new edition shows how the electroweak theory developed in conversation with experiment. Featuring a wide-ranging treatment of electroweak symmetry breaking, the physics of the Higgs boson, and the importance of the 1-TeV scale, the book moves beyond established knowledge and investigates the path toward unified theories of strong, weak, and electromagnetic interactions. Explicit calculations and diverse exercises allow readers to derive the consequences of these theories. Extensive annotated bibliographies accompany each chapter, amplify points of conceptual or technical interest, introduce further applications, and lead readers to the research literature. Students and seasoned practitioners will profit from the text's current insights, and specialists wishing to understand gauge theories will find the book an ideal reference for self-study. Brand-new edition of a landmark text introducing gauge theories Consistent attention to how we know what we know Explicit calculations develop concepts and engage with experiment Interesting and diverse problems sharpen skills and ideas Extensive annotated bibliographies "--
Timeless reality : symmetry, simplicity, and multiple universes
Time reborn : from the crisis in physics to the future of the universe
Quantum networks : dynamics of open nanostructures
"Based on lectures given at the renowed Villa de Leyva summer school, this book provides a unique presentation of modern geometric methods in quantum field theory. Written by experts, it enables readers to enter some of the most fascinating research topics in this subject. Covering a series of topics on geometry, topology, algebra, number theory methods and their applications to quantum field theory, the book covers topics such as Dirac structures, holomorphic bundles and stability, Feynman integrals, geometric aspects of quantum field theory and the standard model, spectral and Riemannian geometry and index theory. This is a valuable guide for graduate students and researchers in physics and mathematics wanting to enter this interesting research field at the borderline between mathematics and physics"--
Sources for history of quantum physics : an inventory and report
"This book proposes a new perspective: that our current theories of the physical world don't work, and can never be made to work, until they account for life and consciousness.  This book proposes that, rather than a belated and minor outcome after billions of years of lifeless physical processes, life and consciousness are absolutely fundamental to our understanding of the universe."--Introd.
On the properties and cosmology of q-balls
Quantum theory and beyond : essays and discussions arising from a colloquium
Quantum mechanics : the theoretical minimum
"An accessible introduction to advanced quantum theory, this graduate-level textbook focuses on its practical applications rather than mathematical technicalities. It treats real-life examples, from topics ranging from quantum transport to nanotechnology, to equip students with a toolbox of theoretical techniques"--
The undivided universe : an ontological interpretation of quantum theory
Quantum : Einstein, Bohr and the great debate about the nature of reality
The quantum moment : how Planck, Bohr, Einstein, and Heisenberg taught us to love uncertainty
Gauge theories of the strong, weak, and electromagnetic interactions
Nuclear physics
The quantum challenge : modern research on the foundations of quantum mechanics
Methods of modern mathematical physics. 4, Analysis of operators
The theory of symmetry actions in quantum mechanics : with an application to the Galilei group
Introducing quantum theory
Is quantum theory relevant to the study of consciousness?
Quantum theory. 1, Elements
Quantum theory cannot hurt you : understanding the mind-blowing building blocks of the universe
Science, order and creativity
Life on the edge : the coming of age of quantum biology
Quantum mechanics : scientific perspectives on divine action
Fundamental problems in quantum theory : a conference held in honor of professor John A. Wheeler
Introductory quantum mechanics
Computing with quanta : impacts of quantum theory on computation
Thirty years that shook physics : the story of quantum theory
Introduction to quantum theory : lecture notes
Bohr & quantum theory
Introducing quantum theory: a graphic guide
Absolutely small : how quantum theory explains our everyday world
The shaky game : Einstein, realism, and the quantum theory
Exact solutions of a Dirac equation with a varying CP-violating mass profile and coherent quasiparticle approximation
Memory effects in the dynamics of open quantum systems
An introduction to quantum theory
Quantum field theory in a semiotic perspective
Solutions for problems in quantum field theory = Liang zi chang lun ti jie
Theoretical physics : from classical mechanics to group theory of microparticles
Decoding reality : the universe as Quantum
The genesis quantum theory (1899-1913)
Life is the most extraordinary phenomenon in the known universe; but how does it work? It is remarkable that in this age of cloning and even synthetic biology, nobody has ever made anything living entirely out of dead material. Life remains the only way to make life. Are we missing a vital ingredient in its creation? Like Richard Dawkins' The Selfish Gene, which provided a new perspective on evolution by shifting the focus of natural selection from organisms to genes, Life On The Edge alters our understanding of life from cells or biomolecules to the fundamental particles that drive life's dynamics. From this new perspective, life makes more sense as its missing ingredient is revealed to be quantum mechanics and the strange phenomena that lie at the heart of this most mysterious of sciences. R
Quantum field theory in a nutshell
Renormalization, supersymmetry and solitons
Imprecise measurements in quantum mechanics
Quantum theory : concepts and methods
The quantum theory of fields. 1, Foundations
Quantum mechanics
Introduction to quantum mechanics : a time-dependent perspective
Quanta : a handbook of concepts
Dialogue in the crisis of representation : realism and antirealism in the context of the conversation between theologians and quantum physicists in Göttingen 1949-1961
Quantum fluctuations and transport in mesoscopic physics
13.8 : the quest to find the true age of the universe and the theory of everything
The quantum society : mind physics and a new social vision
"This best-selling classic provides a graduate-level, non-historical, modern introduction of quantum mechanical concepts. The author, J. J. Sakurai, was a renowned theorist in particle theory. This revision by Jim Napolitano retains the original material and adds topics that extend the book's usefulness into the 21st century. The introduction of new material, and modification of existing material, appears in a way that better prepares readers for the next course in quantum field theory. Readerse will still find such classic developments as neutron interferometer experiments, Feynman path integrals, correlation measurements, and Bell's inequality."--pub. desc.
A darker shade of magic
The mystery of the quantum world
Many worlds? : Everett, quantum theory, and reality
The quantum world : quantum physics for everyone
Problems and solutions in quantum computing and quantum information
Quantum theory : a very short introduction
"Classical solutions play an important role in quantum field theory, high-energy physics, and cosmology. Real-time soliton solutions give rise to particles, such as magnetic monopoles, and extended structures, such as domain walls and cosmic strings, that have implications for the cosmology of the early universe. Imaginarytime Euclidean instantons are responsible for important nonperturbative effects, while Euclidean bounce solutions govern transitions between metastable states. Written for advanced graduate students and researchers in elementary particle physics, cosmology, and related fields, this book brings the reader up to the level of current research in the field"--
A short introduction to quantum information and quantum computation
Fashion, faith and fantasy in the new physics of the universe
Testing quantum mechanics on new ground
Knots and quantum gravity
History and philosophy of science. 5, Frames of meaning : the social construction of extraordinary science
Introductory applied quantum and statistical mechanics
One-dimensional theory of the quantum Hall system
Quantum computing : physical realizations
An introduction to mathematical modeling : a course in mechanics
The book introduces all of the key tools and concepts from Lorentzian geometry (metrics, null frames, deformation tensors, etc.) and provides complete elementary proofs. The author also discusses applications to topics in nonlinear equations, including null conditions and stability of Minkowski space. The field of nonlinear hyperbolic equations or systems has seen a tremendous development since the beginning of the 1980s. We are concentrating here on multidimensional situations, and on quasilinear equations or systems, that is, when the coefficients of the principal part depend on the unknown function itself. The pioneering works by F. John, D. Christodoulou, L. Hörmander, S. Klainerman, A. Majda and many others have been devoted mainly to the questions of blowup, lifespan, shocks, global existence, etc. Some overview of the classical results can be found in the books of Majda [42] and Hörmander [24]. On the other hand, Christodoulou and Klainerman [18] proved in around 1990 the stability of Minkowski space, a striking mathematical result about the Cauchy problem for the Einstein equations. After that, many works have dealt with diagonal systems of quasilinear wave equations, since this is what Einstein equations reduce to when written in the so-called harmonic coordinates. The main feature of this particular case is that the (scalar) principal part of the system is a wave operator associated to a unique Lorentzian metric on the underlying space-time.
The concept of holomovement in David Bohm's theory of the implicate order
The arguments of time
Classical solutions in quantum field theory : solitons and instantons in high energy physics
"An important resource, this book provides a short-course in nonlinear continuum mechanics, contains a brief account of electromagnetic wave theory and Maxwell's equations as well as an introductory account of quantum mechanics, and presents a brief introduction to statistical mechanics of systems in thermodynamic equilibrium. Also included is information on continuum mechanics, electrodynamics, quantum mechanics, and statistical mechanics"--
Quantum organizations : a new paradigm for achieving organizational success and personal meaning
On topological solitions in the Faddeev-Skyrme model and its extensions
Quantum theory. 2, Aggregates of particles
'Here, on the edge of what we know, in contact with the ocean of the unknown, shines the mystery and the beauty of the world. And it's breathtaking'  These seven short, simple lessons guide us through the scientific revolution that shook physics in the twentieth century and still continues to shake us today. Theoretical physicist Carlo Rovelli, a founder of the loop quantum gravity theory. explains Einstein's theory of general relativity, quantum mechanics, black holes, the complex architecture of the universe, elementary particles, gravity, and the nature of the mind. In under eighty pages, readers will understand the most transformative scientific discoveries of the twentieth century and what they mean for us.
The quantum story : a history in 40 moments
Advanced quantum mechanics
Seven brief lessons on physics
Bohmian mechanics and quantum theory : an appraisal
Problems in quantum mechanics
A brief introduction to classical, statistical, and quantum mechanics
The Structure of Physics
"The twentieth century gave us two great theories of physics. The general theory of relativity describes the behavior of very large things, and quantum theory the behavior of very small things. In this landmark book, John Gribbin--one of the best-known science writers of the past thirty years--presents his own version of the Holy Grail of physics, the search that has been going on for decades to find a unified "Theory of Everything" that combines these ideas into one mathematical package, a single equation that could be printed on a T-shirt, containing the answer to life, the Universe, and everything. With his inimitable mixture of science, history, and biography, Gribbin shows how--despite skepticism among many physicists--these two great theories are very compatible, and point to a deep truth about the nature of our existence. The answer lies, intriguingly, with the age of the universe: 13.8 billion years."--
Dictionary of material science and high energy physics
Elements of quantum mechanics
Elements of quantum computation and quantum communication
Understanding quantum mechanics
The field : the quest for the secret force of the universe
Quantum field theory
Atoms, metaphors and paradoxes : Niels Bohr and the construction of a new physics
Quantum theory of the optical and electronic properties of semiconductors
Einstein and the Quantum reveals for the first time the full significance of Albert Einstein's contributions to quantum theory. Einstein famously rejected quantum mechanics, observing that God does not play dice. But, in fact, he thought more about the nature of atoms, molecules, and the emission and absorption of light--the core of what we now know as quantum theory--than he did about relativity. A compelling blend of physics, biography, and the history of science, Einstein and the Quantum shares the untold story of how Einstein--not Max Planck or Niels Bohr--was the driving force behind early quantum theory. It paints a vivid portrait of the iconic physicist as he grappled with the apparently contradictory nature of the atomic world, in which its invisible constituents defy the categories of classical physics, behaving simultaneously as both particle and wave. And it demonstrates how Einstein's later work on the emission and absorption of light, and on atomic gases, led directly to Erwin Schrödinger's breakthrough to the modern form of quantum mechanics. The book sheds light on why Einstein ultimately renounced his own brilliant work on quantum theory, due to his deep belief in science as something objective and eternal.A book unlike any other, Einstein and the Quantum offers a completely new perspective on the scientific achievements of the greatest intellect of the twentieth century, showing how Einstein's contributions to the development of quantum theory are more significant, perhaps, than even his legendary work on relativity.
Stationary states
"An important resource, this book provides a short-course in nonlinear continuum mechanics, contains a brief account of electromagnetic wave theory and Maxwell's equations as well as an introductory account of quantum mechanics, and presents a brief introduction to statistical mechanics of systems in thermodynamic equilibrium. Also included is information on continuum mechanics, electrodynamics, quantum mechanics, and statistical mechanics. The author approaches mechanics as the branch of physics and mathematical science concerned with describing the motion of bodies, including their deformation and temperature changes, under the action of forces, and if the study of the propagation of waves and the transformation of energy in physical systems are added, then the term mechanics does indeed apply to everything that is covered within the book. "--
Advances in quantum theory : proceedings of the international conference on advances in quantum theory. Växjö, Sweden. 14-17 june 2010
Modern quantum mechanics
"Why did Einstein tirelessly study unified field theory for more than 30 years? In this book, the author argues that Einstein believed he could find a unified theory of all of nature's forces by repeating the methods he used when he formulated general relativity. The book discusses Einstein's route to the general theory of relativity, focusing on the philosophical lessons that he learnt. It then addresses his quest for a unified theory for electromagnetism and gravity, discussing in detail his efforts with Kaluza-Klein and, surprisingly, the theory of spinors. From these perspectives, Einstein's critical stance towards the quantum theory comes to stand in a new light. This book will be of interest to physicists, historians and philosophers of science".
Entanglement : the greatest mystery in physics
"The study of computational processes based on the laws of quantum mechanics has led to the discovery of new algorithms, cryptographic techniques, and communication primitives. This book explores quantum computation from the perspective of the branch of theoretical computer science known as semantics, as an alternative to the more well-known studies of algorithmics, complexity theory, and information theory. It collects chapters from leading researchers in the field, discussing the theory of quantum programming languages, logics and tools for reasoning about quantum systems, and novel approaches to the foundations of quantum mechanics. This book is suitable for graduate students and researchers in quantum information and computation, as well as those in semantics, who want to learn about a new field arising from the application of semantic techniques to quantum information and computation"--Provided by publisher.
Biocentrism : how life and consciousness are the keys to understanding the true nature of the universe
Quantum theory. 3, Radiation and high energy physics
Orbital and spin Kondo effects in a double quantum dot
Field theory : a modern primer
On Topological Solitons in The Faddeev-Skyrme Model and its Extensions
Introduction to quantum mechanics
Primer of quantum mechanics
