http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5571 betting
betting
Sports betting : law and policy
The poisoned chocolates case
The perfect bet : how science and maths are taking the luck out of gambling
Probability model for the football league match
The night circus : a novel
Bloodline : a Dick Francis novel
An economic and social history of gambling in Britain and the USA
A bloody good winner : life as a professional gambler
101 bets you will always win
The case of the deadly butter chicken : from the files of Vish Puri, "most private investigator"
Off-track and online : the networked spaces of horse racing
Professional sports and gambling regulation in Finland : examining the institutional factors of gambling affecting professional sport clubs in Finland
More than you say
The history of sport in Britain, 1880-1914. Vol. 4, Sport and money
Gambling online
The case of the deadly butter chicken
Information technology law
Lay the favorite
Weighing the odds in sports betting
Hide and seek
The racing tribe : portrait of a British subculture
Betting the line : sports wagering in American life
Bet on the net : winning sports betting : a practical guide to profitable sports betting
Contemporary issues in sports economics: participation and professional team sports
The fix : soccer and organized crime
No easy money : a gambler's diary
Alice in the country of diamonds : Bet on my heart
Global gambling : cultural perspectives on gambling organizations
How to eat fried worms
The racing game
Smokey and the Bandit
How to predict the unpredictable : the art of outsmarting almost everyone
Dancing with the virgins
Refusal : A Dick Francis novel
The Oxford handbook of the economics of gambling
Successful gambling
Cyber criminology : exploring Internet crimes and criminal behavior
Studies on macroeconomics and uncertainty
From roulette tables to racetracks, provides a look at how scientists and mathematicians throughout the years have tried to figure out how to beat the house while gambling.
The hare & the tortoise
Smokey and the bandit
The history of sport in Britain, 1880-1914. Vol. 5, British Sport and the Wider World
From roulette tables to racetracks, provides a look at how scientists and mathematicians throughout the years have tried to figure out how to beat the house while gambling. The Perfect Bet looks beyond probability and statistics to examine how wagers have inspired a plethora of new disciplines - spanning chaos theory, behavioural psychology, machine learning and game theory - which are not just revolutionising gambling, but changing our fundamental notions about chance, randomness and luck.
Gambling cultures : studies in history and interpretation
Entertainment industry economics : a guide for financial analysis
Studies on decision making under risk in the context of gambling markets
This dissertation is comprised of three independent essays with the unifying theme of how uncertainty affects the macroeconomy. The first essay studies an incomplete market economy where the firm faces a non-trivial investment decision due to capital adjustment costs. The adjustment costs make the price of capital endogenous and help to explain the observed volatility of the returns to physical capital. The particular form of market incompleteness that is assumed in the essay is however not enough to match the observed price of risk. The essay contains also a technical contribution in showing how Arrow prices of contingent commodities can be used in computing the equilibrium in this class of models.The second essay studies the effect of population aging on asset prices. The modeling framework features deterministic transition paths for demographic structure and level of government expenditures along with aggregate uncertainty at business cycle frequency. The demographic transition leads to a projected increase of in tax rates that are needed to finance the government expenditures. This requires higher savings rates from households which reduces volatility of consumption growth and reduces the price of aggregate risk.The third essay is an empirical study which uses betting market data from the Swedish harness horse racing in conjunction with economic confidence indices. The main finding is that the risk attitudes of bettors that are reflected by the betting market data covary with the more traditional confidence measures in a reasonable way. The essay also contains a simple forecasting exercise which shows that the novel risk measure may also be useful in forecasting the industrial production. The results of the study are interpreted in terms of behavioral macroeconomics.
Fortune's formula : the untold story of the scientific betting system thet beat the casinos and Wall Street
The law of betting, gaming and lotteries
The Hare & the Tortoise, originally published as Royal Turtle, is a card-driven betting game about animal racing loosely based on one of Aesop's Fables
