http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5573 E-liike
E-liike
E-business technology and strategy : International Conference, CETS 2010, Ottawa, Canada, September 29-30, 2010 : proceedings
The social media bible : tactics, tools, and strategies for business success
Today, most firms employ online and offline distribution channels. Customers combine both channels for information search and purchase. However, researchers and practitioners are still lacking insight concerning the creation of additional customer value, in terms of a seamless purchase experience, by combining the online and offline channels. Also, it is unclear if these channel integration activities can actually help multichannel firms obtain a strategic advantage over their online pureplay competitors. Jochen Binder investigates how, why, and to what extent an integrated online channel increases customer value and leads to higher willingness to pay, customer loyalty and purchase intention in a firm's online and offline stores.
Internet commerce and law
"Rapid changes in communication technologies shifted the media environment from one of scarcity to one characterized by abundance. Advertisers are paying more and more money to reach fewer and fewer people, as audiences consume endless streams of content across different platforms. When you can no longer buy enough attention for advertising to remain efficient -- how do brands respond?Spanning communication theory, neuroscience, creativity and innovation, media history, popular culture, branding, and emerging technologies, Paid Attention explores how ideas move people and how advertising can and should change in response to changes in the communication landscape.Topics covered include: a critical look at market research, modern theories of communication, the vanishing difference between content, media, and advertising, what ideas are and how to get them, and the future of advertising. "--
Digital capital : harnessing the power of business webs
Paid attention : innovative advertising for a digital world
The seven pillars of wisdom : a triumph
Introduction to information systems
E-supply chain technologies and management
The initial stages of consumer trust building in e-commerce : a study on Finnish consumers
How to offer quality e-service in a new online store? : Case study: IVANAhelsinki Web shop
Cross-border consumption taxation of digital supplies : a comparative study of double taxation and unintentional non-taxation of B2C e-commerce
Place to space : migrating to ebusiness models
E-commerce strategy : text and cases
Kosovo Liberation Army : the inside story of an insurgency
1. The Revolution Is Just Beginning ; 2. E-commerce Business Models and Concepts ; 3. E-commerce Infrastructure : The Internet, Web, and Mobile Platform ; 4. Building an E-commerce Presence : Web Sites, Mobile Sites, and Apps ; 5. E-commerce Security and Payment Systems ; 6. E-commerce Marketing and Advertising Concepts ; 7. Social, Mobile, and Local Marketing ; 8. Ethical, Social, and Political Issues in E-commerce ; 9. Online Retailing and Services ; 10. Online Content and Media ; 11. Social Networks, Auctions, and Portals ; 12. B2B E-commerce : Supply Chain Management and Collaborative Commerce.
Consumers’ perspective on a modified advertisement-based e-business model for preponed online movie exhibition
Statistical methods in e-commerce research
BrandDigital : simple ways top brands succeed in the digital world
E-business framework enabled B2B integration
Business and E-commerce in Drupal
Electronic business
Successful interactive business : integration of strategy and IT
Sarlin : in the service of industry and society : the history of the company
Electronic markets : benefits, costs and risks
ICEB + eBRF 2006 : frontiers of e-business research 2006 : conference proceedings
The end of cooperative movement : sociological essays on cooperative affiliation and morality
Multichannel multimarket media services : dynamic media business models, value chains and ecosystems
Handbook of web business : how to build a profitable website
Introduction to electronic commerce
Business model management : design - instruments - success factors
Pierce the fog of mobile service and advertising adoption
"Hej Seppo, could you pls comment on this!" : internal email communication in lingua franca English in a multinational company
Approaches to using e- and m-business components in companies
Identifying potential segments for Finnish online DVD rental services
A business-to-business online service concept's market launch in an international setting : a case study
Business Ethics and Corporate Social Responsibility in the e-Economy: A Commentary
Socialnomics : how social media transforms the way we live and do business
Summary. Concluding remarks (s. 417-426).
Project e-society : building bricks : 6th IFIP International Conference on e-Commerce, e- Business, and e-Government (13E 2006), October 11-13, 2006, Turku, Finland
The everything store : Jeff Bezos and the age of Amazon
E-commerce : business, technology, society
Ultimate guide to Twitter for business
eMarketing eXcellence : the heart of ebusiness
User factors in recommender systems : case studies in e-commerce, news recommending, and e-learning
E-business : a management perspective
Factors for e-auction success : a managerial perspective
Platform configuration in e-business : new paradigms and dimensions
B2B : how to build a profitable e-commerce strategy
Innovations in SMEs and conducting e-business : technologies, trends and solutions
E-Business in Nigeria:  A Study of the Challenges Confronting Customers
Visual design as an aspect of an online store's usability : case: Radio86 Store
Strategies in e-business : positioning and social networking in online markets
"Spanning communication theory, neuroscience, creativity and innovation, media history, branding and emerging technologies, Paid Attention explores how ideas move people and how advertising can and should change in response to changes in the communications landscape. A modern model for how brands operate and innovate in the evolving market for ideas, it contains both beliefs that can guide behaviour and practical tools and examples to help account planners and strategists in their jobs and careers. Paid Attention provides a framework for brands and market research based on the emerging context of behavioural economics. It references a wide body of theory and praxis, from neuroscience, advertising research, behavioural economics, psychology, sociology, technology and even science fiction. Mapping advertising to a wider analysis of culture, it appeals to media scholars and anyone interested in today's media-saturated culture"--
Evolve! : succeeding in the digital culture of tomorrow
Doing e-business in Russia
Designing E-Business Systems : markets, services, and networks : 7th workshop on e-business, WEB 2008, Paris, France, December 13, 2008 : revised selected papers
Effective, agile and trusted eServices co-creation : proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Electronic Commerce : ICEC 2013, August 13-15, Turku, Finland
Online channel integration : value creation and customer reactions in online and physical stores
How to write effective business English : excel at e-mail, social media and all your professional communications
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : Elo - E-Business Logistics technology programme 2002-2005
Frontiers of e-business research 2004 : FeBR 2004 : eBRF 2004 conference proceedings. Vol. 1
"Ads by Google" and other social media business models
In this volume, the authors apply insights from a variety of perspectives to explore the alignment among strategy, organization design, process and human resource management, and e-business practices on developing successful social networking programs with particular regard to applying such initiatives against the backdrop of the global financial crisis and challenges to traditional business models. Showcasing in-depth case studies, the authors present emerging approaches to analyze the impact of investment in social networking sites, aligning internal resources, and measuring effects on positioning, branding, and new business creation. The fact that a growing proportion of the world population has a relationship with social networking sites could prove very valuable for companies. The question is whether this represents a business opportunity, whether companies know how to make the most of it and if they will make the necessary efforts to adapt to these new platforms. In the modern world, social networking sites have enormous potential for large as well as small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs); most companies are aware of the need for a presence on social networking sites, but at present their e-business strategies are part of their medium and long-term strategic planning and only a small percentage have been put into practice. In short, this book attempts to answer the following questions: Is there a business opportunity for companies on social networking sites? Do they know how to make the most of it? Are they willing to make the necessary effort to adapt? Can e-business strategies contribute to company creation and the success of already existing businesses? And if so, how?
Business information systems : technology, development and management for the e-business
Web site localization of Famileague in Germany : plan for an Internet company
Knowledge-based marketing : the twenty-first century competitive edge
Opportunities for the use and provision of information in the construction value chain
Essays on electronic business models and their evaluation
Information security : design, implementation, measurement, and compliance
eMarketing eXcellence : planning and optimizing your digital marketing
Click.ology : what works in online shopping and how your business can use consumer psychology to succeed
Success factors for online-business in China
Effective, agile and trusted eServices co-creation : proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Electronic Commerce ICEC 2013 : August 13-15, Turku, Finland
Business modelling in the dynamic digital space : an ecosystem approach
Business letters and e-mail
The effect of the growth of electronic commerce on the tourism development in Nigeria : case study: Wakanow.com
Website optimization : an hour a day
Adoption of E-commerce in Nigerian Businesses : A Change from Traditional to E-commerce Business Model in Richbol Environmental Services Limited
Design of a framework of how to create value by leveraging the use of information in e-business solutions : a case study in the board and packaging industry
This Springer Briefs volume guides the reader in a comprehensive form to design new digital business models. The book provides strategic roadmaps for enterprises in the digital world, and a comprehensive framework to assess new business models. It aligns both, research and a practical perspective through real case study examples. Even extreme scenarios are employed to ensure that innovative approaches are being considered adequately.
e-business intelligence : turning information into knowledge into profit
What is e-business? : How the Internet transforms organizations
From business correspondence to message exchange : the notion of genre in business communication
Shopping 3.0 : shopping, the Internet or both?
Frontiers of electronic commerce
Innovations as communication processes : a legal architecture for governing ideas in business
Internet business models : text and cases
Open for business! : how to write letters that get results
When digital becomes human : the transformation of customer relationships
Business plan for a web store : case: Tehtaanmyymälä
Electronic business interoperability : concepts, opportunities and challenges
Implementation and analysis of a web shop in an international company
Multichannel multi market media service business model evaluation and benchmark
XML-based E-business frameworks and supply chain integration
Model business letters, e-mails & other business documents
"This book examines the developments in electronic markets in relation to three key areas: online retailing, electronic collaboration and electronic marketplaces. Each chapter is authored by leaders in their field providing cutting edge perspectives on how to take advantage of electronic markets"--Provided by publisher.
Directive functions in intra-corporate cross-border email interaction
The entrepreneur's guide to Second Life : making money in the metaverse
Platform Scale : How an emerging business model helps startups build large empires with minimum investment
