http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5580 child soldiers
child soldiers
Armies of the young : child soldiers in war and terrorism
Army of god : Joseph Kony's war in Central Africa
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014= FPAs statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
English summary.
Children at work : child labor practices in Africa
Stop using child soldiers
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Children no more
All things must fight to live : stories of war and deliverance in Congo
A long way gone : memoirs of a boy soldier
International law and child soldiers: children in armed conflicts
Close Range
The night wanderers : Uganda's children and The Lord's Resistance Army
The power of positive deviance : how unlikely innovators solve the world's toughest problems
Unknown soldier. Vol. 2 : Easy kill
"In its various manifestations, the campaign to end child soldiering has brought graphic images of militarized children to popular consciousness. In the main, this has been a campaign that has seemed to speak to African contexts without as much reflection on the myriad ways in which the lives of children are militarized in advanced (post)industrial societies. Proceeding from this quite striking omission, the contributors to this volume move beyond the usual focus on the global South. Making what will be an important contribution to a much needed critical turn in the vast and still rapidly growing child soldier literature, they address multifarious ways in which childhood is militarized beyond the global South through enactments of militarism that have drawn much less in the way of critical inquiry"--
Little soldiers : how Soviet children went to war, 1941-1945
Child soldiers and transitional justice : protecting the rights of children involved in armed conflicts
The 5th wave
The way the crow flies
They fight like soldiers, they die like children
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1994 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok 1994 = Statistical yearbook of the social insurance institution, Finland 1994.
Child soldiers : from violence to protection
Child soldiers : Sierra Leone's revolutionary united front
Young soldiers : why they choose to fight
The special protection of children and child soldiers : a principle and its application
The militarization of childhood : thinking beyond the global south
Children, youth, and development
The use of ritual in the reintegration of female ex-child soldiers in nothern Uganda
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Unknown soldier. Vol. 1 : Haunted house
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2009 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2009.
Military training and children in armed conflict : law, policy and practice
Children's human rights : progress and challenges for children worldwide
Children first : the story of UNICEF, past and present
Unknown soldier. [Vol. 4] : Beautiful world
Child soldiers : from recruitment to reintegration
Performance affects : applied theatre and the end of effect
Children constitute a large part of the population of developing countries. Throughout the developing world, experiences of childhood are extremely diverse, both between places and between children in particular places, from the international level through to the different treatment of a boy and a girl within the same household. This informative book considers issues such as education, child labour, street children, child soldiers, refugees, child slaves, the impact of environmental change and hazards on children and the way that children, with the enthusiasm and energy to bring about change, can be enabled to participate in 'development'.
Children and global conflict
Global child welfare and well-being
International law and the classification of conflicts
Diamonds
Child soldiers : the role of children in armed conflict
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2010 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2010.
Children at war
The war crime of child soldier recruitment
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1997 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 1997 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 1997.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2006
Martha's journey
Hondo - yksinäinen vaeltaja : special collector's edition
The midwife
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Child soldiers in Africa
Ender's shadow
Through the eyes of innocents : children witness World War II
Childhood and adolescence in society : selections from CQ Researcher
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland. 1995.
Child soldiers and theory of responsibility : application of individual and state responsibilities to the child soldier phenomenon
Amateur soldiers, global wars : insurgency and modern conflict
Aboke girls : children abducted in northern Uganda
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland. 2000
Outlines a problem solving approach that replaces traditional ideas of power and authority with a method that allows individuals to discover answers for themselves.
Culture, religion, and the reintegration of female child soldiers in northern Uganda
Lark and Termite
Protection of child soldiers in their recruitment into armed forces under international law and national law : Estonia's legal steps towards the ratification of the optional protocol to the convention on the rights of the child on the involvement of children in armed conflict
Empowering children : programme abstracts, participant list
War brothers : the graphic novel
Boy soldiers of the great war :  their own stories for the first time
Children's rights : reality or rhetoric? : the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child : the first ten years
First kill your family : child soldiers of Uganda and the Lord's Resistance Army
Regent journal of international law : in collaboration with Handong International Law School / Vol. 7, issue 2
The soldier
Collective violence and international criminal justice : an interdisciplinary approach
Blood diamond : veritimantti
Machine gun preacher
The world's most dangerous place
Child soldiers in international law
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2001 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2001 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2001.
Child labour
Grey ranks
'There is no difference between Moses and Kony' : a critical analysis of the contextual use of some Old Testament texts and motifs in the early years of the Lord's Resistance Army
Article 38 : children in armed conflicts
Children : the invisible soldiers
Enhancing partnerships towards effective strategies on DDRR : proceedings of the second national consultation workshop on the use of child soldiers in the Philippines : 09-12 November 2003, Lauremar Beach Hotel Opol, Misamis Oriental
"Thinking beyond the global South and recognizing that militarism circulates and interpenetrates childhood experience in ways that are much less conspicuous than child soldiering raises questions of critical relevance to but not yet taken up in the disciplinary study of international relations. The contributors to this volume inquire into the relationship between militarism and childhood in advanced (post)industrial societies and ask what can be learned about its sources and implications. Together they provide an important corrective to too narrow a focus on zones of conflict that might make it seem as though militarism operates through the lives of children only in distant and politically fraught places"--
24 : redemption
Child soldier : when boys and girls are used in war
Unknown soldier. Vol. 3 : Dry season
This book adapts existing theoretical frameworks of transitional justice in order to analyse child recruitment, with a view to demonstrating how a society can address the issue in a holistic way. It systematises relevant knowledge across a range of legal fields to allow for greater understanding of the law and principles, and a more informed basis for practical engagement with transitional justice mechanisms.
