http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5581 basic research
basic research
Technology, society, environment. 2/2002, On the embodied nature of action
School science for tomorrow's citizens
How to develop children as researchers : a step-by-step guide to teaching the research process
So that the value chain would go clic
The Department of Basic Research at the Helsinki School of Economics : working progress 1987.
Some principal results of the studies carried out in the research project on instructional material
Beyond the obvious : three acts in educational drama
Development of learning, problem solving and network contacts in an elementary school teacher team : a research plan
Research Programme for Telecommunication Electronics II 2001-2003 : evaluation report
Inside the primary classroom : 20 years on
The future of the Finnish education system : results of a forecast model
Rethinking liberalism
Researching primary education : methods and issues
The Finnish senior secondary research project. 1, General presentation of the project and its original subjects
The extent of empirical evidence that could inform evidence-based design of programming languages : a systematic mapping study
Ultrasound in the management of acute rhinosinusitis patients in primary care
Human rights and civil society in Hungary (1988-2008) : twenty years for rights and freedom
Strengthening the quality assurance and evidence-base for lifelong guidance : brief summary
Interpretive dialogical evaluation : evaluating caring science basic research
Methods for evaluating the impact of basic research funding : an analysis of recent international evaluation activity
Review of national policies for education : Denmark : lessons from PISA 2000
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Computer-aided ear-training : a contemporary approach to Kodály's music educational philosophy
Research and the basic curriculum : a brief guide to the findings of research in their relevance to the teaching of the basic subjects
School knowledge for the masses : world models and national primary curricular categories in the twentieth century
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Craft education in the cultural struggle. Part 5, Students' conceptions of sloyd in the comprehensive school : an attempt to apply the phenomenographic method in research on sloyd education
Evaluation of basic research in the energy field in Finland
Diagnostic reasoning : case analysis in primary care practice
Martyn Hammersley's provocative new text interrogates the complex relationship between research, policymaking and practice, against the background of the evidence-based practice movement. Addressing a series of probing questions, this book reflects on the challenge posed by the idea that social research can directly serve policymaking and practice. Key questions explored include: - Is scientific research evidence-based? - What counts as evidence for evidence-based practice? - Is social measurement possible, and is it necessary? - What are the criteria by which qualitative research should be judged? The book also discusses the case for action research, the nature of systematic reviews, proposals for interpretive reviews, and the process of qualitative synthesis. Highly readable and undeniably relevant, this book is a valuable resource for both academics and professionals involved with research.
This text details the practical applications of Bourdieu's theories in a series of specific pedagogic research studies, showing how his ideas can be put into practice. Language, gender, career decision-making and the experience of higher education students are all covered. Questions are also raised concerning research methodology. The authors examine Bourdieu's interest in the position of the researcher within the research process. Bourdieu's influence is traced in aspects both of theory and practice. Finally, principles, approaches, methods and techniques that may be derived from Bourdieu are suggested, and assessed, for practical use in research.
Technicolor and new matter generations
Evidence-based programming language design : a philosophical and methodological exploration
Pisa06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Science watch : tracking trends and performance in basic research
The importance of the free flow of information and knowledge
Rehabilitation research : principles and applications
An introduction to childhood studies
Political writings
Promoting physical activity of working aged adults with selected personal approaches in primary health care : feasibility, effectiveness and an example of nationwide dissemination
Dynamic knowledge in school : an action research on instructional development with the aid of microcomputers
From music syllabi to teachers' pedagogical thinking : a comparative study of Estonian and Finnish basic school music education
Small-scale research in primary schools : a reader for learning and professional development
Feminism, the state and social policy
Development of reading skills in the Finnish comprehensive school
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Report of the evaluation of sports and exercise medicine and biology research in Finland.
Evaluation of sports and exercise medicine and biology research in Finland
The Finnish senior secondary research project. 2, Departure from junior secondary and transfer to senior secondary
Dynamic physical education for elementary school children
Meeting governmental demands? : research groups as economic engines
Needs, participation and local development : proceedings of the EADI Basic Needs Workshop Helsinki, December 13 -15, 1979
Orthopedic physical examination tests : an evidence-based approach
Assessment of the additional appropriation for research
Balancing : cancer from a primary care perspective : diagnosis, posttraumatic stress, and end-of-life care
Strengthening the quality assurance and evidence-base for lifelong guidance
Aspects of administrative support in implementing inclusive education :  a case study of three finnish comprehensive schools
Education denied : costs and remedies
Peruskoulun seurantatutkimus = A follow-up study of comprehensive school pupils. 2, Peruskoulutuksen jälkeen eri paikkoihin sijoittuneiden nuorten ominaisuuksien kuvailua = Description of the personality traits of youn people with different placement after the comprehensive school
Research methods in primary care
UDP-glucuronosyltransferases in sickness and health : studies on bilirubin and steroid glucuronidation
The small rural primary school : a matter of quality
Executive summary and recommendations (s. 11-17).
Approaches to vocabulary exercises in secondary and upper secondary school textbooks : an analysis and a comparison of vocabulary exercises
Gendered citizenship in Sudan : competing perceptions of women's civil rights within the family laws among northern and southern elites in Khartoum
Japanese civilization in the modern world IX : tourism
Translational research : pharmaceutical industry view
Open access publishing as an incorporator of research and innovation cycle
English summary: Involvement of immigrant students in school bullying.
The myth of research-based policy & practice
Designing and implementing policies related to career management skills (CMS) : brief summary
The limits of freedom of speech : prose literature and prose writers in Egypt under Nasser and Sadat
Equity and excellence : evidence for policy formulation to reduce the difference in PISA performance between Swedish speaking and Finnish speaking students in Finland
Evidence based and knowledge based social work : research methods and approaches in social work research
The problem of assessment in art and design
Primary school physical education : research into practice
Bourdieu and education : acts of practical theory
Sustainable and dynamic partnership : research cooperation and researcher training between universities, research institutes and business and industry
Preliminary evaluation of selected acoustic parameters as sensitive indicatiors of differences between women with and without vocal nodules
Law and psychology
Covering the full range of rehabilitation research with a clear, easy-to-understand approach, this resource will help you analyze and apply research to practice. Rehabilitation Research: Principles and Applications examines traditional experimental designs as well as nonexperimental and emerging approaches, including qualitative research, single-system design, outcomes research, and survey research. Clinical case studies and references will enhance your skills as a scientist-practitioner. Written by noted educators Russell Carter and Jay Lubinsky, this book emphasizes evidence-based practice within physical therapy, occupational therapy, and other rehabilitation professions.
Secondary education in the world today
Understanding design and technology in primary schools : cases from teachers' research
Explaining mechanisms of educational career choice : follow-up study of the educational career choices of a group of youths that finished compulsory education in 1990
Summary: Research in health centres : present state and future : report by the rapporterus ad int.
Originality and competition in science : a study of the British high energy physics community
Human genome patents : ethics of benefit sharing
An international look at educating young adolescents
Creative learning practices : European experiences
New directions in educational evaluation : evaluation programme 2004-2007
Equally prepared for life? : how 15-year-old boys and girls perform in school
Evaluation of basic research in automation technology in Finland = Suomen automaatiotekniikan perustutkimuksen arviointi
An introduction to science studies : the philosophical and social aspects of science and technology
