http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5589 cabala
cabala
Kabbalah for beginners : a beginner's guide to hidden wisdom
Hegel and the hermetic tradition
The Zohar. Vol. 8
The power of kabbalah
As light before dawn : the inner world of a medieval kabbalist
Centers of power : the convergence of psychoanalysis and Kabbalah
Luminal darkness : imaginal gleanings from Zoharic literature
Sefer Yetzirah : The book of creation : in theory and practice
The Zohar. Vol. 9
Leibniz and the Kabbalah
The Zohar : Pritzker edition. Vol. 11
The Zohar. Vol. 17
A second Christian Rosencreuz? : Jacob Böhme's disciple Balthasar Walther (1558-c. 1630) and the Kabbalah : with a bibliography of Walther's printed works
Darkness rising
Ben : sonship and Jewish mysticism
On the art of the Kabbalah = De arte cabalistica
The other bible
Christian kabbalah : neglected child of theology
Wonders divine : the development of Blake's kabbalistic myth
The Zohar. Vol. 14
The Kabbalistic scholars of the Antwerp Polyglot Bible
Kabbalah : the power to change everything
The kabala of numbers. Part 2, A handbook of interpretation
The early Kabbalah
Kabbalah : the untold story of the mystic tradition
The classical tarot : its origins, meanings and divinatory use
Kabbalah & Jewish mysticism : an introductory anthology
Mystical concepts in Chassidism : an introduktion to Kabbalistic concepts and doctrines
Gates of light
Kabalistic astrology : being the hebraic method of divination by the power of sound, number, and planetary influence
Messianic mysticism : Moses Hayim Luzzatto and the Padua school
The wisdom of the Zohar : an anthology of texts. Volume 1
Glorious incomprehensible : the development of Blake's Kabbalistic language
The book of punctuation
The Chicken Qabalah of Rabbi Lamed Ben Clifford : a silettante's guide to what you do not need to know to become a qabalist
Kabbalah and consciousness
Kabbalah of creation : the mysticism of Isaac Luria, founder of modern Kabbalah
Giordano Bruno and the Kabbalah : prophets, magicians, and rabbis
Satan : an autobiography
The Zohar. Vol. 13
Safed spirituality : rules of mystical piety, the beginning of wisdom
Kabbalah : a guide for the perplexed
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to the technopagans
Orientalism, Aramaic, and Kabbalah in the Catholic Reformation : the first printing of the Syriac New Testament
The Greek Qabalah : alphabetic mysticism and numerology in the ancient world
The spiritual essence of man : the chakras and the inverted tree of life
The Book of Punctuation was written by Yosef Gikatilla (1248 - c. 1325) in his early philosophical-kabbalistic period. The exact date of origin of this short treatise, however, cannot be established with certainty. The text focuses first of all on Hebrew vowels, which are fundamental elements in Gikatilla's theory of creation. The author integrates the vowels in a complex system, assigning a specific task to each of them with respect to the cosmos and to creation, according to their respective grammatical functions. The book, which is inspired both by medieval cosmology and by the philosophy of Maimonides, reveals a unique concept of linguistic mysticism. This trilingual volume offers for the first time the critical edition of the Hebrew text of the work together with the Latin version made in 1486 by the convert Flavius Mithridates for the Humanist Giovanni Pico della Mirandola and an English translation.
The Gate of Heaven : Flavius Mithridates' Latin translation, the Hebrew text, and an English version
Shamanic trance in modern Kabbalah
Opening the Tanya : discovering the moral and mystical teachings of a classic work of Kabbalah
The Zohar. Vol. 1
The secret : unlocking the source of joy & fulfillment : the most powerful teaching of the world's oldest spiritual wisdom
Kabbalah and the spiritual quest : the Kabbalah Centre in America
The art of conversion : Christianity and Kabbalah in the thirteenth century
The Zohar. Vol. 3
Messianic mystics
Jewish mysticism : an anthology
The Zohar. Vol. 16
Kabbalah for life : how to use the power and wisdom of this ancient tradition
The Zohar. Vol. 22
The Zohar. Vol. 12
Medieval Kabbalah was successful because it advanced a powerful way of imagining the meaning and relevance of Judaism in light of the declining political status of Jews in Western Europe and the proliferation of Christian anti-Jewish thought. The kabbalists claimed to reveal a secret doctrine, hidden among the sages of Israel, in which Jews are placed at the center of the cosmic-divine drama, maintaining the harmony of the secret inner life of God and sustaining the universe through the practice of Jewish law. According to the members of this movement, Jewish ritual is the powerful mechanism through which Jews bring harmony to the hidden facets of the divine world. In an environment in which Christian preachers claimed that Jews had been abandoned by God because they were blind to the true meaning of scripture, the kabbalists presented a radically different narrative, one that depicts Jewish religious life at the center of the universe. Medieval Kabbalah, when understood within its historical context, reveals itself to be a powerful gesture of cultural resistance that permanently transformed Judaism.
... to be continued ... : reincarnation & the purpose of our lives
The Zohar. Vol. 18
Through a speculum that shines : vision and imagination in medieval Jewish mysticism
The essence of Kabbalah
The chosen will become herds : studies in twentieth-century kabbalah
The Zohar. Vol. 6
The Zohar. Vol. 10
Hebraic aspects of the Renaissance : sources and encounters
Sepher Rezial Hemelach = The book of the angel Rezial
Alchemy and kabbalah
Absorbing perfections : Kabbalah and interpretation
Gender, Kabbalah, and the Reformation : the mystical theology of Guillaume Postel (1510-1581)
On the Kabbalah and its symbolism
The essential Kabbalah : the heart of Jewish mysticism
Kabbalah : a very short introduction
The thirteen petalled rose / translated by Yehuda Hanegbi
Gate of heaven
Kabbalah : an introduction to Jewish mysticism
The Kabbalistic tradition : an anthology of Jewish mysticism
A kabbalistic universe
The impact of the Kabbalah in the seventeenth century : the life and thought of Francis Mercury van Helmont (1614-1698)
The Zohar. Vol. 2
The Zohar. Vol. 15
The Kabbalah : its doctrines development and literature
Origins of the Kabbalah
Meditation and Kabbalah
Major trends in Jewish mysticism
Zohar : the book of splendor : basic readings from the Kabbalah
The Zohar. Vol. 7
Descenders th the chariot : the people behind the Hekhalot literature
The book of secrets : esoteric societies and holy orders, luminaries and seers, symbols and rituals, and the key concepts of occult sciences through the ages and around the world
Living the Kabbalah : a guide to the Sabbath and festivals in the teachings of Rabbi Rafael Moshe Luria
Iberian Jewry from twilight to dawn : the world of rabbi Abraham Saba
Man and the theogony in the Lurianic Cabala
The book of Bahir : Flavius Mithridates' Latin translation, the Hebrew text, and an English version
Kabbalah : the way of the Jewish mystic
An introduction to the Kabbalah
The Zohar. Vol. 20
An introduction to the study of the Kabalah
Toward the infinite : the way of kabbalistic meditation
God is a verb : Kabbalah and the practice of mystical Judaism
The other Bible : Jewish pseudepigrapha, Christian apocrypha, Gnostic scriptures, Kabbalah, Dead See scrolls
Between Jerusalem and Benares : comparative studies in Judaism and Hinduism
Old worlds, new mirrors : on Jewish mysticism and twentieth-century thought
Mysteries of the kabbalah
The Zohar. Vol. 21
The wisdom of the Zohar : an anthology of texts. Volume 2
The Bahir
Kabbalah in art and architecture
Kabbalah : new perspectives
The essential Kabbalah : the heart of jewish mysticism
Kafka and kabbalah
Kabbalah in Italy, 1280-1510 : a survey
The power of Kabbalah : 13 principles to overcome challenges and achieve fulfillment
Word and image in medieval Kabbalah : the texts, commentaries, and diagrams of the Sefer Yetsirah
Zohar : the book of splendor
Kabbalah, science and the meaning of life
The secret doctrine in Israel : a study of the Zohar and its connections
The thirteen petalled rose : a discourse on the essence of Jewish existence and belief
Sefer ha-Niḳḳud, a kabbalistic book, is a mystical explanation of the [Hebrew] vowel-points.
A critical edition of Sefer ha-bahir, or The Book of Bahir, in the original Hebrew with the Latin translation of Flavius Mithridates and an English edition translated by Saverio Campanini. The English version is translated from Mithridates' Latin text.
The Zohar. Vol. 23
The tree of life : Chayyim Vital's introduction to the kabbalah of Isaac Luria : The palace of Adam Kadmon
The Zohar. Vol. 4
Kabbalah : tradition of hidden knowledge
Kabbalah and eros
A guide to the Zohar
Mircea Eliade : from magic to myth
Kabbalistic revolution : reimagining Judaism in medieval Spain
The Zohar. Vol. 19
The kabbalistic culture of eighteenth-century Prague : Ezekiel Landau (the "Noda Biyehudah") and his contemporaries
Knowledge of God and the development of early Kabbalah
The Zohar : Pritzker Edition
Kabbalah and contemporary spiritual revival
Language, eros, being : kabbalistic hermeneutics and poetic imagination
Art and symbols of the occult
The wisdom of the Zohar : an anthology of texts. Volume 3
The spiritual rules of engagement : how Kabbalah can help your soul mate find you
The scandal of Kabbalah : Leon Modena, Jewish mysticism, early modern Venice
The Kabbalah handbook : a concise encyclopedia of terms and concepts in Jewish mysticism
The Zohar. Vol. 5
The Zohar. Vol. 11
The practical kabbalah guidebook
The great parchment : Flavius Mithridates' Latin translation, the Hebrew text, and an English version
