http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5586 artificial languages
artificial languages
Handbook of formal languages. Vol.   2, Linear modeling : background and application
Philosophical languages in the seventeenth century : Dalgarno, Wilkins, Leibniz
Language learning and thought
Generating grammars for structured documents using grammatical inference methods
The complete Lojban language
Dark tongues : the art of rogues and riddlers
Automata theory and formal languages : 2nd GI-Conference, Kaiserslautern, May 20-23, 1975
Abstract.
Linguistic models for decision support
In linguistics, one of the main areas of modern research involves the capabilities and possibilities of there being a "lingua cosmica," a LINCOS, a universal language that could be used to communicate with non-human intelligences. This book, touches on the area of the development and use of a "lingua universalis" for interstellar communication, but it also presents concepts that cover a broad area of linguistics. Chomsky's paradigm on universal properties of natural languages, for a long time a leading general theory of natural languages, includes the strong assumption that humans are born with some kind of universals stored in their brains. Are there universals of this kind of language used by intelligent beings and societies elsewhere in the universe? We do not know whether such languages exist. It seems to be impossible to determine, simply because the universe is too large for an exhaustive search. Even verification will be hard to obtain, without quite a bit of luck. This book uses astrolinguistic principles in message construction and is helpful in clarifying and giving perspective to discussions on existential questions such as these.
Handbook of formal languages. Vol. 1, Word, language, grammar
Developments in language theory : 5th international conference, DLT 2001, Wien, Austria, July 16-21 : preproceedings
Interlinguistics : aspects of the science of planned languages
Scuba divers sign language manual
Introduction to ANSI C for engineers and scientists
The languages of Tolkien's Middle-earth
The Indian sign language
Ehmay ghee chah : a universal second language : by Elmer Joseph Hankes
The grammar of Esperanto : a corpus based description
Native esperanto as a test case for natural language
The integration of JasperReports to MHG ERP System
In the land of invented languages : a celebration of linguistic creativity, madness, and genius
On context-free derivations
The search for the perfect language
Grammatical inference : algorithms and applications : 6th international colloquium, ICGI 2002, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, September 23-25, 2002 : proceedings
On language, theology, and utopia
Introduction to automata theory, languages, and computation
An introduction to Elvish : and to other tongues and proper names and writing systems of the Third Age of the Western lands of Middle-earth as set forth in the published writings of Professor John Ronald Reuel Tolkien
Theory of formal languages with applications
The artificial language movement
Grammatical inference : 4th international colloquium, ICGI-98, Ames, Iowa, USA, July 12-14, 1998 : proceedings
An example of a synergistic relationship between software architecture and a domain-specific language
The guinness encyclopedia of signs & symbols
Developments in language theory : at the crossroads of mathematics, computer science and biology : Turku, Finland 12-15 Jyly 1993
Astrolinguistics : design of a linguistic system for interstellar communication based on logic
The Cambridge encyclopedia of language
Esperanto and its rivals : the struggle for an international language
Talking hands : what sign language reveals about the mind
Online information retrieval : concepts, principles, and techniques
There is no shortcut to language : case study of a boy with Down syndrome, learning manual signs
Daily life with computer augmented communication : real life experiences from the lives of severely disabled speech impaired children
The Klingon dictionary : English/Klingon, Klingon/English
Manual signs and intensive interaction in building up the communicative competence of a child with Down syndrome
Interacting bodies = Corps en interaction : 2nd ISGS conference Lyon, France, June 15-18, 2005 : Résumés = Abstracts
Abstract in Finnish.
Developments in language theory 2 : at the crossroads of mathematics, computer science and biology, Magdeburg, Germany 17-21 July 1995
Constructed fictional language in translation : conveying Nadsat from A Clockwork Orange to Kellopeliappelsiini
Introduction to sign teaching and the use of communication aids
IMPLEMENT CHINESE TO ERP FRAMEWORK
A dictionary of made-up languages : from Adûnaic to Elvish, Zaum to Klingon : the Anwa (real) origins of invented lexicons
"The book is divided into three parts. Part One includes A Common Writing (1647), the first English attempt at an artificial language, and the equally pioneering phonetic alphabet set out in An Essay Towards an Universal Alphabet (1686). Part Two contains a series of linked short treatises on the nature of religion and divine revelation, including 'Of the Word of God' and 'Of the Use of Reason in Religion', in which Lodwick argues for a new understanding of the Bible, advocates a rational approach to divine worship, and seeks to reinterpret received religion for an age of reason. The final part of the book contains his unpublished utopian fiction, A Country Not Named : here he creates a world in which he expresses his most firmly-held opinions on language and religion, and in which his utopians found a church that bans unedited reading from the Bible. The book gives new insights into the religious aspects of the scientific revolution and throws fresh light on the early modern frame of mind. It is aimed at intellectual and cultural historians, historians of science and linguistics, and literary scholars - indeed, at all those interested in the interplay of ideas, language, and religion in seventeenth-century England." --from inside jacket cover.
Scholarship & fantasy : proceedings of the Tolkien Phenomenon, May 1992 Turku, Finland
Language, mind and nature : artificial languages in England from Bacon to Locke
Embedded microcontrollers
Grammatical inference: algorithms and applications : international colloquium, ICGI ... : proceedings
The language construction kit
From Elvish to Klingon : exploring invented languages
An Example of a Synergistic Relationship Between Software Architecture and a Domain-Specific Language
Conceptual modelling languages
Handbook of formal languages. Vol. 3, Beyond words
Augmentative and alternative communication : European perspectives
Concise encyclopedia of the original literature of Esperanto, 1887-2007
Encyclopedia of fictional and fantastic languages
Handbook of formal languages. Vol. 2, Linear modeling : background and application
Lunatic lovers of language : imaginary languages and their inventors
Beyond lips : components of speechreading skill
Talking backwards, looking forwards : the French language game Verlan
The sciences of the artificial
Indian talk : hand signals of the American Indians
[Ehmay ghee chah] : a universal second language
