http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5583 neighbourhood units
neighbourhood units
Bourgeois utopias : the rise and fall of suburbia
National overview on distressed urban areas in Finland
Satisfaction of the regular customers in restaurant Kuwaitin Keidas
Backyard : nature and culture in suburban Australia
Towards a typology of Soviet mass housing : prefabrication in the USSR 1955-1991
The new suburban history
The initial stages and breakthrough of Tapiola
A world of gangs : armed young men and gangsta culture
The doll maker
Group work with suburbia's children : difference, acceptance and belonging
Neighbourhood projects in the framework of ecosocial work in Finland
Good kids from bad neighborhoods : successful development in social context
An excitable Jack Russell terrier named Fenway and his Favorite Short Human, Hattie, move to the suburbs and must adjust to the changes that come with their new home. / WorldCat.
Laws of the landscape : how policies shape cities in Europe and America
Building a better tomorrow in deprived neighbourhoods : urban success stories
Cities for tomorrow : directions for change
'Life in the suburbs is mere residing' : home, moving and belonging in the suburbs of the Helsinki metropolitan area from 1950s to the 1970s
The New Suburban History rejects the popular image of suburbs as conformist and conflict-free havens, revealing that their seemingly calm streets have long been battlegrounds over race, class, and politics. With this collection, Kevin Kruse and Thomas Sugrue argue that suburbia must be understood as a central factor in the modern American experience. Kruse and Sugrue here collect ten essays - augmented by their provocative introduction - that recast important political and social issues in the context of suburbanization. Drawing from original research on locales across the country, the contributors reveal the role suburbs have played in the transformation of American liberalism and conservatism; debates about the environment, land use, and taxation; and the contentious politics of race, class, and ethnicity. These innovative observers ultimately show that the emergence of a suburban America has reshaped national politics, fostered new social movements, and remade the country's landscape. The New Suburban History offers nothing less than a new American history - one that claims the nation cannot be fully understood without a history of American suburbs at its very center.
Abstract : Is there anti-party sentiment in Finland?.
Urban problems and community development
The dignity of the everyday : housing architecture in the 1950s
Tupperware, television, bungalows and respectable front lawns. Always instantly recognisable though never entirely familiar. The tight semi-detached estates of thirties Britain and the infenced and functional tract housing of middle America. The elegant villas of Victorian London and the clapboard and brick of fifties Sydney. Architecture and landscapes may vary from one suburban scene to another, but the suburb is the embodiment of the same desire; to create for middle class middle cultures, middle spaces in middle America, Britain and Australia. Visions of Suburbia considers this emergent architectural space, this set of values and this way of life. The contributors address suburbia and the suburban from the point of view of its production, its consumption and its representation. Placing suburbia centre stage, each essay examines what it is that makes suburbia so distinctive and what it is that has made suburbia so central to contemporary culture.
Harry Brown
Visions of suburbia
The casual vacancy
The Middlesteins
Urban planning as a trading zone
A serious man
Changing Japanese suburbia : a study of two present-day localities
Kontulan palvelukeskustan täydennysrakentaminen = Supplementary construction for the service centre of Kontula
"Based on empirical research from 15 European cities, covering 29 major postwar housing estates, the contributors to this volume explore the idea that mass housing experiments represent an important example of policy transfer. Mass Housing in Europe charts the development of estates examining the problems that have emerged over time, the policy responses and residents' experiences of day-to-day life in the context of change and regeneration. Students, researchers and academics alike will find that this research provides a significant insight into the topic"--Provided by publisher.
"Life in the suburbs is mere residing" : home, moving and belonging in the suburbs of the Helsinki metropolitan area from the 1950s to the 1970s
The plain Janes
Suburban Tokyo : a comparative study in politics and social change
The new urban sociology
Goodnight nobody : a novel
Goodbye Tapiola
The world view of young people : a longitudinal study of Finnish youth living in a suburb of metropolitan Helsinki
Vällingby and Farsta - from idea to reality : the suburban development process in a large swedish city
Auringonsäde : sädehoitoa = Auringonsäde housing company : radiation treatment
Suburbia : stratification of spatial and temporal meanings
Introduction to cities : how place and space shape human experience
Magnetic Los Angeles : planning the twentieth-century metropolis
My sunshine away
E.T. the extra-terrestrial [Videotallenne]
Formation of planning and design principles in Tapiola commercial center by architect Aarne Ervi
It's all right now
Culture and neighbourhoods. Volume 1, Concepts and references
Cities in the suburbs
Cities on the move : urban settlement
Comfort zone : a novel of present day discontents
The Vision wants to be human, and what's more human than family? So he heads back to the beginning, to the laboratory where Ultron created him and molded him into a weapon. The place where he first rebelled against his given destiny and imagined that he could be more -that he could be a man. There, he builds them. A wife, Virginia. Two teenage twins, Viv and Vin. They look like him. They have his powers. They share his grandest ambition (or is that obsession?) the unrelenting need to be ordinary. Behold the Visions! They’re the family next door, and they have the power to kill us all. What could possibly go wrong? Artificial hearts will be broken, bodies will not stay buried, the truth will not remain hidden, and the Vision will never be the same.
Spaces of possibility : the participatory agenda in the Vuores palnning case
Changing suburbs : foundation, form and function
Invincible green suburbs, brave new towns : social change and urban dispersal in postwar England
Seeds of greatness
Summary: Residents and neighbourhood architect.
"Culture in the Neighbourhood: the Infrastructure for Neighbourhood Culture" : final report
Family album
Contemporary housing issues in a globalized world
Designing a place called home : reordering the suburbs
Neighbourhood planning
The making of a good white : a historical ethnography of the rehabilitation of poor whites in a suburb of Cape Town
Energy-efficient renovation of residential districts : cases from the Russian market
Suburban youth in cultural crisis
Lähiöiden reprensentaatioita = Representations of suburbs
The Bolds
E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
On the edge of the forest : encounters and ambiguities between planning and habitation in Finnish suburbs during the 1950s and early 1960s
Urban enclaves : identity and place in the world
Attack the block - jengit vs alienit
Revolutionary Road
Culture and neighbourhoods. Volume 3, Talking about neighbourhoods : views from locals and artists
Community policing : comparative perspectives and prospects
Paradise planned : the garden suburb and the modern city
Gated communities in China : class, privilege and the moral politics of the good life
Resident accounts of Mellunmäki : territorial stigma explored in a Helsinki lähiö
Culture and neighbourhoods. Volume 2, A comparative report
Once upon a time a robot and a witch fell in love. What followed was a tale of the dead and the dying, of the hopeful and the lost, of the wronged and the avenged. And in the end, after both had fallen, the witch and the robot rose from their dirt and eyed each other across a field of blood and bone. Forty-five years in the making, this is the story of Scarlet Witch and the Vision. Before family, there was love.
A place in the sun
Portraits of peer violence in public space : experiences from young people in four localities in Europe
Suburban affiliations : social relations in the greater Dublin area
Making sense of suburbia through popular culture
The French intifada : the long war between France and its Arabs
Suburbia : the american dream and dilemma
Decline and regeneration : policy responses to processes of change in post-WWII urban neighbourhoods
Borderland : origins of the American suburb, 1820-1939
The kid : a true story
Relocations : queer suburban imaginaries
Greater London : the story of the suburbs
Mass housing in Europe : multiple faces of development, change and response
Attack the block : jengit vs alienit
Where the other half lives : lower income housing in a neoliberal world
"From the same team that produced the monumental five-volume architectural history of New York comes the definitive work on the development of the garden suburb, a phenomenon that first emerged in England in the 1830s and still dominates residential architecture today"--
The European city today : the Helsinki round table on urban improvement strategies
Fenway and Hattie
Great American city : Chicago and the enduring neighborhood effect
Rush hour : how 500 million commuters survive the daily journey to work
Victorian suburb : a study of the growth of Camberwell
Techniques and methods of real estate development : suburbs with a low socioeconomic status in Russia
Explorations in Kannelmäki : building design knowledge through practice-based design research
Large housing estates in Warsaw, Poland : opinions of residents on recent developments
The Vision. Vol 1, Little worse than a man
The Radleys
A better place to live : reshaping the American suburb
Getting home
Hold tight
The other child
Integrating distressed urban areas
Revolutionary road
The Vision. Vol 2, Little better than a beast
House-production in Helsinki: Maunula
The suburban myth
American dreamscape : the pursuit of happiness in postwar suburbia
Key concepts in urban studies
Näköalapaikka : kertomuksia Pihlajamäestä = A place with a view : recollections of Pihlajamäki
Suburban sprawl : culture, theory, and politics
Tales from outer suburbia
Co creating [sic] : the future suburb
Urban regeneration and local community involvement : a case study of the Utran Saaret, Joensuu
"It's not nowhere like Ohio" : the San Francisco of the young refugees of middle-class America
The mission
Beverly
Constructing suburbs : competing voices in a debate over urban growth
