http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5599 self-portraits
self-portraits
Sally Mann : the flesh and the spirit
The self portrait : a modern view
Kasvot minuuden näyttämöllä : Torger Enckellin omakuvien vuosikymmenet = Ansiktet på jagets arena : Torger Enckells självporträtt = A face in the stage of the self : Torger Enckell's self-portraits / Altti Kuusamo
Self-portrait in the age of photography : photographers reflecting their own image
The collected artwork
Portraits of the artist : the self-portrait in painting / by Pascal Bonafoux
Self-portraits
Cindy Sherman : the early works 1975-1977 : catalogue raisonné
Artists' self-portraits
Deathbed selfie
Contemporary self-portraits. Féin-phortráidí conhaimiseartha
The landsape of the mind : the artist representing the modern man
In her own image : women's self-representation in twentieth-century art
Contemporary self-portraits. Me as me
Rembrandt by himself
Emotions in EFL learning
The portrait now : National  Portrait Gallery, London, 19 November 1993 - 6. February 1994 / Robin Gibson
22 long-lost masterpieces of underground comic strip art.
Decisive days : valokuvia 1997-2001 = photographies 1997-2001 = photographs 1997-2001
Work of art : plein-air painting and artistic identity in nineteenth-century France
Cosmetic surgery, gender and culture
Pure shores
In pursuit of the UnSafe : locating the native artist
Rembrandt : self-portraits
Auto focus : the self-portrait in contemporary photography
Self portraits of the world's greatest painters
The Internet art gallery as an aesthetic free space for youth
Mixed-media self-portraits : inspiration & techniques
Reflecting back : Self-portraiture and autobiography on Instagram's selfies
Through the looking glass : women and self-representation in contemporary art
The new painting
Someone to love : self portrait experience
Self portrait : renaissance to contemporary : [National Portrait Gallery, London, from 20 October 2005 to 29 January 2006 : Art Gallery of New South Wales, Syndey, 17 February to 14 May 2006] / Anthony Bond and Joanna Woodall ; with essays by T.J. Clark, Ludmilla Jordanova and Joseph Leo Koerner
Saga : the journey of Arno Rafael Minkkinen : thirty-five years of photographs
In ten chapters spanning two centuries, this collection of essays examines the relationships between women artists and their publics, both in early modern Italy as well as across Europe. Drawing upon archival evidence, these essays afford abundant documentary information about the diverse strategies that women found for carrying out their artistic careers, from Sofonisba Anguissola's role as a lady-in-waiting at the court of Felipe II of Spain, to Lucrezia Quistelli's avoidance of the Florentine market in favor of upholding the prestige of her family, to Costanza Francini's preference for the steady but humble work of candle painting for a Florentine confraternity. Their unusual life stories along with their outstanding talents brought fame to a number of women artists even in their own lifetimes--so much fame, in fact, that Giorgio Vasari included several women artists in his 1568 edition of artists' biographies. Notably, this visibility also subjected women artists to public scrutiny, to a much greater extent than what their male counterparts experienced. Because of their fame and their extraordinary (and often exemplary) lives, works made by women artists held a special allure for early generations of Italian collectors, including Grand Duke Cosimo III de' Medici, who made a point of collecting their self-portraits. In the eighteenth century, British collectors wishing to model themselves after the Italian virtuosi exhibited an undeniable penchant for the Italian women artists of a bygone era, but turned their backs to the contemporary women artists in their midst.
The artist looked into the mirror : and the mirror looked back
Women artists in early modern Italy : careers, fame and collectors
Interfaces : women, autobiography, image, performance
Self / image : technology, representation, and the contemporary subject / Amelia Jones
Cindy Sherman : a play of selves
Evrejskaâ avtonomnaâ oblast' : fotoal'bom = Yidiše aṿṭonome gegnṭ = Jewish Autonomous Region
This richly diverse exploration of female artists and self-portraits is a brilliant and poignant demonstration of originality in works of haunting variety. The two earliest self-portraits come from 12th-century illuminated manuscripts in which nuns gaze at us across eight centuries. In 16th-century Italy, Sofonisba Anguissola paints one of the longest series of self-portraits, spanning adolescence to old age. In 17th-century Holland, Judith Leyster shows herself at the easel as a relaxed, self-assured professional. In the 18th century, artists from Elisabeth Vigee-Lebrun to Angelica Kauffman express both passion for their craft and the idea of femininity; and in the 19th the salons and art schools at last open their doors to a host of talented women artists, including Berthe Morisot, ushering in a new and resonant self-confidence. The modern period demolishes taboos: Alice Neel painting herself nude at eighty, Frida Kahlo rendering physical pain, Cindy Sherman exploring identity, Marlene Dumas dispensing with all boundaries. The full verve of Frances Borzello's enthralling text, and the hypnotic intensity of the accompanying self-portraits, is revealed to the full in a completely revised edition of this inspiring book.
A corpus of Rembrandt paintings. 4, The self-portraits
The artist
Yes Please
Catharina Gotby / copyright picture and text Catharina Gotby
Robert Arneson : self-reflections : San Francisco Museum of Modern art, [February 14 to May 13, 1997] / exhibition organized by Gary Garrels and Janet Bishop ; essay by Jonathan Fineberg
I as me : making of 2000 & 11 self-portraits
Kép a képen : muvész és közönség öt évszázad grafikusmuvészetében Burgkmairtól Picassóig : Szépmuvészeti Muzeum, Budapest, 2005. december 1 - 2006. március 27 = Pictures within pictures : the artist and the public over five centuries of graphic art from B / felelos kiadó = editor in chief:  Baán László
Aunt Sass : Christmas stories
Mónica Castillo : yo es un otro / Smart Art Press in collaboration with OMR gallery
'Auto Focus' features the work of 75 contemporary photographers from around the world for whom self-portraiture is a central part of their work. Issues of identity, nationality, sexuality and race are raised by the portraits.
The self-portraits of Francisco Goya
The art of reflection : women artists' self-portraiture on the twentieth century
Self-portraits from the fifteenth century to the present day
"Thus the painter reveals the soul" : the self-portraits / Uwe M. Schneede
I as Me is a making-of detailing the project 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS, which was part of the official programme of Turku European Capital of Culture 2011. The project opened up a new outlook on self-portraits and autobiographical writing to all who are interested in making, studying or using art – especially for art students in higher education and those intrigued by the empowering aspects of art. The project was coordinated by the Arts Academy of Turku University of Applied Sciences. This book is based on the Finnish work Omakuva on jokaisen kuva (A Self-Portrait is a Portrait of Everyone, 2011), which was published as part of the 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS project. Some of the articles have been expanded, and also a lot of makingof material has been added, including interviews of the participants, artwork from the exhibitions, new workshop methods and other miscellaneous documentation. In this book, workshop leaders, participants, artists and researchers discuss their own ways to view, access and create self-portraits as well as autobiographical writing. Additionally, I as Me contains a wide selection of self-portraits made in numerous workshops of the 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS project, creating a fascinating period piece. Self-Portrait is diverse and personal -- (Takakansi)
The self portrait : a modern view ; [Artsite Gallery, Bath, from September 19th - October 25th 1987] / Sean Kelly ; Edward Lucie-Smith
Five hundred self-portraits from antique times to the present day in sculpture, painting, drawing and engraving
Self-portraits by women painters
Self-presentation in personal journal blogs and topic-oriented blogs
Titian's independent self-portraits
21st century portraits
Picturing self and nation : the Finnish Art Society self portrait commissions
Polaroid portraits 1-3 / edited by Richard Hamilton
Ensor by himself / Gisèle Ollinger-Zinque
"Cindy Sherman is one of the most influential and consistently original artists of our time. Masquerading as a myriad of characters in front of her own camera, Sherman creates invented personas and provocative tableaus that examine the construction of identity and the nature of representation. Her works speak to our increasingly image-saturated world, drawing on the unlimited supply of visual material provided by the mass media, pop culture, and art history. Whether portraying a career girl or a blond bombshell, a fashion victim or a clown, a French aristocrat or a society lady of a certain age, Sherman's work has always had the ability to reflect the ideas of the culture at large and to resonate with a wide audience. Cindy Sherman presents the most up-to-date overview of her groundbreaking career, from the mid-1970s to the present, and provides new insight into the work of this relentlessly innovative artist."--Publisher's website.
Artist and her model
Memoirs of the blind : the self-portrait and other ruins
American self-portraits, 1670-1973 / organized and circulated by the International Exhibitions Foundation ; participating museums : National Portrait Gallery, Smithsonian Institution, Indianapolis Museum of Art
Imagining Women presents a highly accessible introduction to the ways in which women have been represented in art, writing and popular culture, and the ways in which women have represented themselves. Exploring the use of language and images, the nature of ideology and the relationship between gender and genre, the authors discuss representation in a variety of different cultural forms, including literature, the visual arts, film, television, pornography, comedy and the theatre. Through the analysis of specific examples, the authors highlight themes which are central to contemporary cultural theory, including the role of the self as creator and active spectator, and the role of feminist criticism in altering traditional frameworks for the production and evaluation of cultural and artistic works. The text is greatly enhanced by the inclusion of many photographs, both colour and black and white, as well as other illustrations.
Depicting the dead : self-representation and commemoration on Roman sarcophagi with portraits
Seeing ourselves : women's self-portraits
Marja Saleva : he is so obsessed with me / Marja Saleva
Still lives : death, desire, and the portrait of the old master
Imagining women : cultural representations and gender
Close reading : Chuck Close and the art of the self-portrait
Contemporary self-portraits. Kaasaegne autoportree = Современый автопотрет = Contemporary self-portrait
Cindy Sherman
Self portrait : Renaissance to contemporary
Yes please
Cindy Sherman : the complete untitled film stills
The self-portrait : a cultural history
Self-portrait = Avtoportret = Autoportree : [Moscow 1995] / [Estonian artists Association and  Institute for contemporary arts in Moscow]
Blue scarf = Sininen huivi
John Coplans : A body of work : self portraits by John Coplans
Reisen ins ich : Künstler/ Selbst / Bild = [journeys into the self : artists' self-images] : Sammlung Essl, Kunst der Gegenwart, 10.10.2001 - 3.2.2002 / Katalogredaktion = editorial staff: Gabriele Bösch ... [et al.]
And nobody knows what I'm like : Helene Schjerfbeck's self-portraits 1878-1945
Essays in self-portraiture : a comparison of technique in the self-portraits of Montaigne and Rembrandt
Munch : by himself
In The Work of Art, Anthea Callen explores the paintings, self-portraits, portraits of fellow artists, photographs, prints and studio images of nineteenth-century French landscape painters including the Impressionists. At the same time she considers the emergence of modern artistic identity in the context of creative work. Artists and their paintings under the microscope here include Courbet, Cezanne and Pissarro, as well as their precursors and followers. The book examines their modes of self-representation and painting methods to explore the formation of avant-garde art and modern artistic identity, while paying particular attention to the painters' touches and mark making. She argues that landscape painting in general, and the plein air oil sketch in particular, were key drivers of change in artistic practice in the nineteenth century, which in turn led to the Impressionist revolution. In this beautifully illustrated, highly readable volume, Callen offers fresh insights into the development of avant-garde French painting and the concept of the modern artist, delving deeper into the topic than any before.
Mirror, mirror : self-portraits by women artists
Mirror mirror : self-portraits by women artists
Body Land
Hand : self portraits by John Coplans : Galerie Lelong, New York, [January 12 - February 11, 1989]
John Coplans : self portrait : hand/foot : Museum Boymans-van Beuningen, Rotterdam, 25.11.1990-20.1.1991
Lucas Samaras : a retrospective : the National Gallery, Alexandros Soutzos Museum, April 4 - June 30, 2005 / curator - editor: Katerina Koskina ; [essays by Kim Levin...[et al.]]
Rembrandt's self-portraits : a study in seventeenth-century identity / H. Perry Chapman
Self-portraits of EFL learners : Finnish students draw and tell
Rembrandt : self-portraits / Christopher Wright
The self-portrait : a cultural history / James Hall
The national self-portrait collection of Ireland. Vol. 1, 1979-1989
Decisive days : valokuvia 1997-2001 = photographies 1997-2001 = photographs 1997-2001 / Elina Brotherus ; [teksti = text: Jan Kaila]
Vivian Maier : self-portraits
Artists' century : Irish self-portraits and selected works, 1900-2000
He is so obsessed with me
Rembrandt 1606-1669 : the mystery of the revealed form
Forward moving shadows
And nobody knows what I'm like : Helene Schjerfbeck's self-portraits 1878-1945 / Leena Ahtola-Moorhouse
Pierre Bonnard : the work of art: suspending time
Portraits of the 20th century self : an interartistic study of Gertrude Stein's literary portraits and early modernist portraits by Paul Cězanne, Henri Matisse and Pablo Picasso
Francesca Woodman
Beeld en zelfbeeld in de Nederlande kunst, 1550-1750 = Image and self-image in Netherlandish art, 1550-1750 / redactie = editors: Reindert Falkenburg, Jan de Jong, Herman Roodenburg, Frits Scholten
Psychology and photography : Arno Rafael Minkkinen's self-portraits
Artist portraits : the art of seeing beyond
Focusing on the art of self-portraiture, this effortlessly engaging exploration of the lives of artists sheds fascinating light on some of the most extraordinary portraits in art history. Self-portraits catch your eye. They seem to do it deliberately. Walk into any art gallery and they draw attention to themselves. Come across them in the world's museums and you get a strange shock of recognition, rather like glimpsing your own reflection. For in picturing themselves artists reveal something far deeper than their own physical looks: the truth about how they hope to be viewed by the world, and how they wish to see themselves. In this beautifully written and lavishly illustrated book, Laura Cumming, art critic of the Observer, investigates the drama of the self-portrait, from Durer, Rembrandt and Velazquez to Munch, Picasso, Warhol and the present day. She considers how and why self-portraits look as they do and what they reveal about the artist's innermost sense of self -- as well as the curious ways in which they may imitate our behaviour in real life. Drawing on art, literature, history, philosophy and biography to examine the creative process in an entirely fresh way, Cumming offers a riveting insight into the intimate truths and elaborate fictions of self-portraiture and the lives of those who practise it. A work of remarkable depth, scope and power, this is a book for anyone who has ever wondered about the strange dichotomy between the innermost self and the self we choose to present for posterity -- our face to the world.
Contemporary self-portraits. Children make their mark
Contemporary self-portraits
A face to the world : on self-portraits
Andy Warhol : Selbstportraits = self-portraits : Kunstverein St. Gallen Kunstmuseum, 12 Juni - 12 September 2004 : Sprengel Museum Hannover, 3 Oktober 2004 - 16 Januar 2005 : Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art, February 12 until May 2, 2005 / [Kurator = curator Dietmar Elger]
Concepts of identity : historical and contemporary images and portraits of self and family
The mammoth book of cult comics
Metamorphosis
