http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5597 philosophy of art
philosophy of art
Philosophy of painting by Shih-T'ao : a translation and exposition of his Hua-P'u : (treatise on the philosophy of painting)
Aesthetics : problems in the philosophy of criticism
The aesthetic understanding : essays in the philosophy of art and culture
Art versus non-art : art out of mind
The demon of progress in the arts
A Rasa reader : classical Indian aesthetics
Contextualization and Presence in Visual Arts
Aesthetics beyond the arts : new and recent essays
Artists and designers are now defined not by their discipline but by the fluidity with which their practices move between the fields of architecture, art, and design. This volume delves into four pioneering transdisciplinary studios-Jorge Pardo Sculpture, Konstantin Grcic Industrial Design, Studio Olafur Eliasson, and Ab ake-by observing and interviewing the practitioners and their assistants. A further series of interviews with curators, critics, anthropologists, designers, and artists serves to contextualize the transdisciplinary model now at the fore of creative practice. Including interviews with Jorge Pardo, Konstantin Grcic, Olafur Eliasson, and Ab ake; and Vito Acconci, Gui Bonsiepe, James Clifford, Dexter Sinister, Martino Gamper, Ryan Gander, Caroline Jones, Ronald Jones, Maria Lind, Alessandro Mendini, Rick Poynor, and Andrea Zittel.
Reading Walter Benjamin : writing through the catastrophe
A history of six ideas : an essay in aesthetics
A short book about art
The humanism of art
Between present and past, visible and invisible, and sensation and idea, there is resonance - so philosopher Maurice Merleau-Ponty argued and so Jessica Wiskus explores in "The Rhythm of Thought". Holding the poetry of Stephane Mallarme, the paintings of Paul Cezanne, the prose of Marcel Proust, and the music of Claude Debussy under Merleau-Ponty's phenomenological light, she offers innovative interpretations of some of these artists' masterworks, in turn articulating a new perspective on Merleau-Ponty's philosophy. More than merely recovering Merleau-Ponty's thought, Wiskus thinks according to it. First examining these artists in relation to noncoincidence - as silence in poetry, depth in painting, memory in literature, and rhythm in music - she moves through an array of their artworks toward some of Merleau-Ponty's most exciting themes: our bodily relationship to the world and the dynamic process of expression. She closes with an examination of synesthesia as an intertwining of internal and external realms and a call, finally, for philosophical inquiry as a mode of artistic expression. Structured like a piece of music itself, "The Rhythm of Thought" offers new contexts in which to approach art, philosophy, and the resonance between them.
Introductory lectures on aesthetics
Narrating the catastrophe : an artist's dialogue with Deleuze and Ricoeur
Why architects still draw : two lectures on architectural drawing
Why beautiful is not a real word? / Juha Varto
What art is / Arthur C. Danto
Ugly : the aesthetics of everything
Action, art, history : engagements with Arthur C. Danto
Taiteen kielet = Konstens språk = The languges of art
Aesthetics : lectures on fine art. 2
Meaning and truth in the arts
Civil imagination : a political ontology of photography
Unexpected Art : serendipitous installations, site-specific works, and surprising interventions
The structure of art
Symbols of art, religion and philosophy
Discussions in contemporary culture. 1
Ideals & idols : Essays on values in history and in art
Aesthetics in practice : selected contributions to the XIIIth International Congress of Aesthetics (Lahti, Finland, 1-5 August 1995), on the theme of Comparative aesthetics: cultural identity
Infinite thought : truth and the return to philosophy
Two Cultures of Arts Education, Finland and Canada? An integrated View
The Chinese on the art of painting : translations and comments
Automatic for the masses : the death of the author and the birth of socialist realism
On criticism
The artful species : aesthetics, art, and evolution
Thinking art : beyond traditional aesthetics
In this book, leading philosophers, anthropologists, political thinkers and artists take a closer look at what the idea of beauty can mean to their disciplines, in an effort to redefine what beauty is and what it means to design practice and art. The conception of beauty presented in Vital Beauty aims to draw a line under a century filled with excessive worship of the sublime in art and architecture. Vital beauty, in this book, is conceived as a form of beauty that is imperfect and impure. Over 150 years ago, British art critic John Ruskin came up with the concept and thereby liberated beauty from classical perfection and harmony. In this he acknowledged the fact that we live in a world of currents and forces and that these forces bring forth objects. Vital beauty might just be the ideal label for the combination of the vitality of material and information flows, and the beautiful mountains, clouds, books and edifices that they produce.
A modern book of esthetics : an anthology
Progress in art
Of mind and other matters
What is art?
The Object
Art and its messages : meaning, morality and society
Roland Barthes' cinema
Philosophizing art : selected essays
The basis of criticism in the arts
The Routledge companion to aesthetics
Darkness moves : an Henri Michaux anthology
Modern theories of art 1 : from Winckelmann to Baudelaire / Moshe Barasch
Culture club : modern art, rock and roll, and other things your parents warned you about
Aesthetic theory
Vampire in the text : narratives of contemporary art
Autopsia = Apocrypha
What good are the arts?
Main trends in aesthetics and the sciences of art
Joseph Beuys
Sloppy craft : postdisciplinarity and the crafts
Real presences : is there anything in what we say?
Aesthetics
On art and the mind
Inter disciplinas ars
Deleuze and contemporary art
PSYCHOANALYTIC THEORY OF ART
On painting
For inspiration only
"When capitalism is clearly catastrophically out of control and its excesses cannot be sustained socially or ecologically, the ideas of Herbert Marcuse become as relevant as they were in the 1960s. This is the first English introduction to Marcuse to be published for decades, and deals specifically with his aesthetic theories and their relation to a critical theory of society. Although Marcuse is best known as a critic of consumer society, epitomised in the classic One-Dimensional Man, Malcolm Miles provides an insight into how Marcuse's aesthetic theories evolved within his broader attitudes, from his anxiety at the rise of fascism in the 1930s through heady optimism of the 1960s, to acceptance in the 1970s that radical art becomes an invaluable progressive force when political change has become deadlocked. Marcuse's aesthetics of liberation, in which art assumes a primary role in interrupting the operation of capitalism, made him a key figure for the student movement in the 1960s. As diverse forms of resistance rise once more, a new generation of students, scholars and activists will find Marcuse's radical theory essential to their struggle"--Publisher's website.
The fire and the sun : why Plato banished the artists
Shedding a skin and beig reborn
Philosophical perspectives on art
Art and illusion : a study in the psychology of pictorial representation
Herbert Marcuse : an aesthetics of liberation
The muses
Art made modern : Roger Fry's vision of art
Playing to the gallery : helping contemporary art in its struggle to be understood
Pragmatism, art, and the real world
Literature and the arts : the moral issues
Artists increasingly refer to "post-object-based" work while theorists engage with material artifacts in culture. A focus on "object-based" learning treats objects as vectors for dialogue across disciplines. Virtual imaging enables the object to be abstracted or circumvented, while immaterial forms of labor challenge materialist theories. This anthology surveys such reappraisals of what constitutes the "objectness" of production, with art as its focus.
The end of early music : a period performer ́s history of music for the twenty-first century
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing and sculpture. 10. How to look at art
Transformations : critical and speculative essays on art
Whether art can be wholly autonomous has been repeatedly challenged in the modern history of aesthetics. In this collection of specially-commissioned chapters, a team of experts discuss the extent to which art can be explained purely in terms of aesthetic categories. Covering examples from Philosophy, Music and Art History and drawing on continental and analytic sources, this volume clarifies the relationship between artworks and extra-aesthetic considerations, including historic, cultural or economic factors. It presents a comprehensive overview of the question of aesthetic autonomy, explorin.
Between man and man
Artistry : the work of artists
A field guide to getting lost
What makes something a work of art?' This is the question that philosopher Arthur C. Danto asked himself after seeing Andy Warhol's Brillo Box at a 1964 exhibition at the Stable Gallery in New York City. The philosophy of art was not Danto's primary area of inquiry at the time, but Warhol's work prompted him to return to this question over several decades. Danto delivered the previously unpublished lectures presented in this volume at the Acadia Summer Arts Program, Kippy's Kamp, on Mount Desert Island, Maine, from 1997 through 2009. They explain the ideas that he set forth in professional philosophical papers and books ... which described his philosophy of art. Informal yet deeply thought-provoking, these lecture explore how Danto has analyzed art through a philosophical lens, yielding an approach that different from most other contemporary art criticism. Danto's though on art go beyond formal analysis and taste judgments, instead focusing on questions about the nature of art and attempting to define what a work of art is. These lectures present some of his most notable ideas in terms that those with no training in philosophy can understand.
Reductionism in art and brain science : bridging the two cultures
The fold : Leibniz and the Baroque
Despair and modernity : reflections from modern Indian painting
The epistemic and logical role of definition in the evaluation of art
On the aesthetic education of man and, Letters to Prince Frederick Christian von Augustenburg
Expressions of judgment : an essay on Kant's aesthetics
Hypermontage
The transdisciplinary studio
Better living through criticism : how to think about art, pleasure, beauty and truth
Introductory readings in aesthetics
Aesthetic and artistic autonomy
Selected writings on art and literature
Masks of difference : cultural representations in literature, anthropology and art
The open studio : essays on art and aesthetics
The cult of the avant-garde artist
Missing links : arts, religion and reality
The politics of aesthetics : the distribution of the sensible
The Politics of Aesthetics rethinks the relationship between art and politics, reclaiming "aesthetics" from the narrow confines it is often reduced to. Jacques Rancière reveals its intrinsic link to politics by analysing what they both have in common: the delimitation of the visible and the invisible, the audible and the inaudible, the thinkable and the unthinkable, the possible and the impossible. Presented as a set of inter-linked interviews, The Politics of Aesthetics provides the most comprehensive introduction to Rancière's work to date, ranging across the history of art and politics from the Greek polis to the aesthetic revolution of the modern age. Available now in the Bloomsbury Revelations series 10 years after its original publication, The Politics of Aesthetics includes an afterword by Slavoj Zizek, an interview for the English edition, a glossary of technical terms and an extensive bibliography.
Art and philosophy : a symposium : [the proceedings of the seventh annual New York university institute of philosophy, New York, October 23-24, 1964]
The philosophy of modern art : Collected essays
Essays in the philosophy of art
Picturing the world
Toward an aesthetics of living beings = Zu einer Ästhetik des Lebendigen
Philosophy and the arts : seeing and believing
The book of art. Volume 1, How to look at art, origins of western art, italian art to 1800.
Systematic aesthetics
Beginnings of being : painting and the topography of the aesthetic experience
Reflecting on art
The art of Plato : ten essays in Platonic interpretation
The expendable reader : articles on art, architecture, design, and media (1951-1979)
Boredom and art : passions of the will to boredom
Sacred mirrors : the visionary art of Alex Grey
Forms of Enlightenment in art
Mastering philosophy
What is art ? : conversations with Joseph Beuys
Releasing the image : from literature to new media
Art and concept : a philosophical study
From austere wabi to golden wabi : philosophical and aesthetic aspects of wabi in the way of tea
The awakening artist : madness and spiritual awakening in art
The aesthetics of anarchy : art and ideology in the early Russian avant-garde
ABC : art based communication
Conversation before the end  of time
Wittgenstein - Ästhetik und transzendentale Philosophie : Akten eines Symposiums in Bergen (Norwegen) 1980 = Wittgenstein - æsthetics and transcendental philosophy : proceedings of a symposium at Bergen (Norway) 1980
Japan on stage : Japanese concepts of beauty as shown in the traditional theatre
Is there truth in art?
Chaos, territory, art : Deleuze and the framing of the earth
A dialectic of centuries : notes towards a theory of the new arts
The responsibility of forms : critical essays on music, art, and representation
Studies in iconology : humanistic themes in the art of the Renaissance
Otherwise than knowing
Aesthetic creation
Divergencies of perception : the possibilities of Merleau-Pontian phenomenology in analyses of contemporary art
Interpretation and construction : art, speech, and the law
Problems of art : ten philosophical lectures
Art, language and figure in Merleau-Ponty : excursions in hyper-dialectic
Paul Tillich's philosophy of art
The reasons of art : artworks and the transformations of philosophy = L'Art a ses raisons
Philosophy of the arts : an introduction to aesthetics
Meta- and inter-images in contemporary visual art and culture
White
Photography, cinema, memory : the crystal image of time
Athens, still remains : the photographs of Jean-François Bonhomme
World congress of philosophy : proceedings of the 15th World Congress of Philosophy : 17th to 22nd September 1973, Varna (Bulgaria). 4, Man and his personal freedom : responsibility and creativity in art and literature : problems of determinism : the future of philosophy
Bodies moving and moved : a phenomenological analysis of the dancing subject and the cognitive and ethical values of dance art
The rebirth of an image : transformation in the construction of meaning in painting : a case study of Diego Velázquez' and Francis Bacon's papal portraits of Innocent X
Afrofuturism : the world of black sci-fi and fantasy culture
The rhythm of thought : art, literature, and music after Merleau-Ponty
Adorno's aesthetics of critique
The principles of art
The Situationist Times facsimile edition
Reflections on art : a source book of writings by artists, critics, and philosophers
The discourse of the postmodern and the discourse of the avant-garde : a series of ten lectures concerning the link between social philosophy and aesthetics bunder the conditions of postmodernity
A philosophy of computer art
The writings of Marcel Duchamp
Instead of treating art as a unique creation that requires reason and refined taste to appreciate, Elizabeth Grosz argues that art-especially architecture, music, and painting-is born from the disruptive forces of sexual selection. She approaches art as a form of erotic expression connecting sensory richness with primal desire, and in doing so, finds that the meaning of art comes from the intensities and sensations it inspires, not just its intention and aesthetic. By regarding our most cultured human accomplishments as the result of the excessive, nonfunctional forces of sexual attraction and seduction, Grosz encourages us to see art as a kind of bodily enhancement or mode of sensation enabling living bodies to experience and transform the universe. Art can be understood as a way for bodies to augment themselves and their capacity for perception and affection-a way to grow and evolve through sensation. Through this framework, which knits together the theories of Charles Darwin, Henri Bergson, Gilles Deleuze, Félix Guattari, and Jakob von Uexküll, we are able to grasp art's deep animal lineage. Grosz argues that art is not tied to the predictable and known but to new futures not contained in the present. Its animal affiliations ensure that art is intensely political and charged with the creation of new worlds and new forms of living. According to Grosz, art is the way in which life experiments with materiality, or nature, in order to bring about change.
Antiaesthetics : an appreciation of the cow with the subtile nose
The philosophy of art
Understanding the arts
Time in contemporary musical thought
The project 'Facing Forward' started with a collaboration between five institutions: the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, the Amsterdam School for Cultural Analysis at the University of Amsterdam, De Appel arts centre, W139, the Stedelijk Museum Bureau Amsterdam and the art magazine Metroplis M. Having previously organized the lecture series and publications 'Right About Now: Art & Theory in the 1990s' (2005/2006) and 'Now is the Time: Art & Theory in the 21st Century' (2008/2009), the organizing committee decided to take the final step in this timeline and turn its attention to the far horizon. Informed by a shared interest in the role that history, speculation, and utopianism play in the field of contemporary art and design (as well as the larger context of global, socio-economic and political developments), a selection of seven themes emerged from the conversations of the initial organizers. These would eventually shape the seven lecture and discussions events - collected in this volume of essays - publicized under the banner Art & Theory From a Future Perspective. A great number of internationally renowned speakers were invited to reflect on the proposed themes during often sold-out events, which were presented at the Oude Lutherse Kerk in Amsterdam in 2011/2012. Yet, however compelling our desire as organizers to go beyond the framework of contemporary events and the current interest, well-nigh obsession, with history, it is obviously an illusion to think that we can escape the past by means of a turn towards the future.
Heidegger on art and works
Foucault's philosophy of art : a genealogy of modernity
The introduction to Hegel's philosophy of fine art
The symbolic order : a contemporary reader on the arts debate
Who's afraid of conceptual art?
Expressions of Judgment emphasizes the internal connection of judgment and meaning in Kantś aesthetics, showing how the pleasure in judging is intimately related to our capacity to draw meaning from our encounter with beauty. Although the meaningfulness of aesthetic judgment is most evident in the response to art, the appreciation of natureś beauty has an equal share in the significant experience of our world. Friedlanderś attention to fundamental dualities underlying the Third Critiqueśuch as that of art and natureúnderscores how its themes are subordinated systematically to the central task Kant sets himself: that of devising a philosophical blueprint for the mediation between the realms of nature and freedom.
Outlines of a philosophy of art
Vision, image, record : a cultivation of the visual field
Philosophy and architecture
Carnival of perception : selected writings on art
Breakfast at Sotheby's : an A-Z of the art world
The end of art and beyond : essays after Danto
The Arts and the Art of Criticism
Politics and theology in Chinese contemporary art : reflections on the work of Wang Guangyi
Language and aesthetics : contributions to the philosophy of art
Remarks on art and philosophy
Basic issues in aesthetics
The missed encounter of radical philosophy with architecture
Art and knowledge
Art and anarchy
The triangle of representation
Art and philosophy
Thinking, resisting, reading the political
Facing forward : art & theory from a future perspective
Theoria : art and the absence of grace
Garden history : philosophy and design 2000 BC - 2000 AD
Contemporary aesthetics : a philosophical analysis
Brecht on art and politics
What is contemporary art?
The art instinct : beauty, pleasure, & human evolution
Philosophy of art
The pulse of mixed media : secrets and passions of 100 artist revealed
Art & institution : a contradiction?
Theodor Adorno and film theory : the fingerprint of the spirit
Work and Object is a study of fundamental questions in the metaphysics of art, notably how works relate to the materials that constitute them. Issues about the creation of works, what is essential and inessential to their identity, their distinct kinds of properties, including aesthetic properties, their amenability to interpretation, their style, the conditions under which they can go out of existence, and their relation to perceptually indistinguishable doubles (e.g. forgeries and parodies), are raised and debated. A core theme is that works like paintings, music, literature, sculpture, architecture, films, photographs, multi-media installations, and many more besides, have fundamental features in common, as cultural artefacts, in spite of enormous surface differences. It is their nature as distinct kinds of things, grounded in distinct ontological categories, that is the subject of this enquiry. Although much of the discussion is abstract, based in analytical metaphysics, there are numerous specific applications, including a study of Jean-Paul Sartre's novel La Nausee and recent conceptual art. Some surprising conclusions are derived, about the identity conditions of works and about the difference, often, between what a work seems to be and what it really is.
Reason in art
Far from Equilibrium : essays on technology and design culture
The works of Aristotle. Vol. 11, Rhetorica
Exploding aesthetics
The aesthetic theories of French artists 1855 to the present
A philosophical enquiry into the sublime and beautiful
Work and object : explorations in the metaphysics of art
Vital beauty : reclaiming aesthetics in the tangle of technology and nature
