http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5593 age groups
age groups
Provisional guidelines on standard international age classifications
Kuolemansyyt 2006 = Dödsorsaker 2006 = Causes of death 2006
The European experience of declining fertility, 1850-1970 : the quiet revolution
Repression, revolution and ambivalence : the sexual life of three generations
Texture modifications in semisolid and solid foods : sensory characterization and acceptance in different age groups
Age, class, politics, and the welfare state
Social structures, aging, and self-regulation in the elderly
Onko iällä väliä? : tutkimus suomalaisen seniorin pankkipalveluvalinnoista = Does the age matter? : the study about the bank service choices of Finnish seniors
Kuolemansyyt 2005 = Dödsorsaker 2005 = Causes of death 2005.
Tourism of tomorrow : travel trends and forces of change
Inequality and old age
Age-standardization of relative survival ratios for cancer patients
Men in their forties : the transition to middle age
Labour supply and population cohorts: impact of the business cycle on labour market attachment
Barry Loser hates half term!
Perceived threat and prejudice towards immigrants and Russian minorities living in Finland
Essays in Sudan ethnography : presented to Sir Edward Evans-Pritchard
Designed to counter-balance the conventional emphasis on religious and ritual functions, this collection of papers re-evaluates the political aspect of age systems in the context of national politics, civil and regional wars.
Memory : foundations and applications
Economic development, the family, and income distribution : selected essays
Summary.
Anthropology and the riddle of the sphinx : paradoxes of change in the life course
Demographic changes in the aged populations of four Nordic countries
Developmental coaching : life transitions and generational perspectives
A girl, a boy and a deserted reservoir. Cormorance is a story of fear, bravery and the redemptive force of connecting with the natural world. A wordless, purely visual story, it is - like any work by the award-winning Nick Hayes - a book of the utmost beauty, and a wonder to hold in your hand. / WorldCat.
Atlas of health in Europe : 2nd edition 2008.
Expanding video business models beyond television : case: Live Stream Finland
Co creating [sic] : the future suburb
Summary in French (s. xxxi-xxxviii).
The future of low-birthtrate populations
The Kuranko : dimensions of social reality in a West African society
Problems of the middle-aged
Born to be consumers? : consumption patterns of young people between 1981 and 1990
Human energy requirements : report of a Joint FAO/WHO/UNU Expert Consultation : Rome, 17-24 October 2001.
Music style preference: a ranking of musical styles and comparison by age, gender, music training, and rural, suburban, or urban upbringing
Stability and change in American politics : the coming of age of the generation of the 1960s
Generation, discourse, and social change
Summary in Spanish (s. xlvii-liv).
Development through the lifespan
The elder and the younger : foreign and autochthonous origin and hierarchy in the Cook Islands
Methodology and applications of the Heligman-Pollard formula
Summary in Arabic (s. xiii- xvi).
From generation to generation : age groups and social structure
Covering cognitive experiments, patients with memory disorders, the areas of the brain involved in memory, and the cognitive theory that links this research together, "Memory: Foundations and Applications" offers a unique emphasis on how an understanding of the science of memory can be applied to education, police investigations, courtrooms, memory clinics, and everyday life. In addition, this innovative book shows students how to use these principles to improve their own ability to learn and remember.
Growing up and leaving home
Reading cultural difference : the reception of a short story in six European countries
Intergenerational transfers and life-cycle consumption in Finland
Age, generation and time : some features of East African age organisations
Education and fertility : a study on patterns and mechanisms among men and women in Finland
Process and outcome in peer relationships
Age and generation in modern Britain
World population policies. 2, Gabon to Norway
Managing an age diverse workforce
"It's all right" : multimodal rightward spatial bias modified by age and praxis
Summary (s. 11-12).
Boomers and beyond : considering the role of libraries
Kuolemansyyt 2004 = Dödsorsaker 2004 = Causes of death 2004.
Generation Z : their voices, their lives
World population ageing 2009
Season of adventure : traveling tales and outdoor journeys of women over 50.
Atomised generation
Summary in English (s. xxiii-xxx).
Metroland
Hospital treatment as an indicator of coping among asthmatics.
Generational consciousness, narrative, and politics
Age in the welfare state : the origins of social spending on pensioners, workers, and children
Global estimates and projections of population by sex and age : the 1988 revision
Addictive behaviors across the life span : prevention, treatment, and policy issues
Workers versus pensioners : intergenerational justice in an ageing world
Perceptions of organizational justice among young and aged hospital physicians
Generational use of new media
World population growth and aging : demographic trends in the late twentieth century
Fundamentals of age-group systems
Intergenerational programs : past, present, and future
Teaching middle years : rethinking curriculum, pedagogy and assessment
Summary in Chinese (s. xvii-xxiii).
Public health nutrition : from principles to practice
Age-group and pedagogical psychology
Changing population age structures : demographic and economic consequences and implications
'Fetch!' and 'Sit!' and 'Stay!' I understand them all. Those are the words I know. But what is 'Fred'? Fred the dog may not know his name yet or how to stay out of trouble, but one little boy will love him no matter what. A follow-up to 'I Will Love You Anyway', this touching rhyming story is full of friendship and tail wagging, and will touch a chord with all children who love pets.
World population policies 2003
The demographic future of Europe : from challenge to opportunity
On the path of a doctor : motivations and satisfaction of medical doctors in their career-related decisions
Peer rejection in childhood
Changing patterns of intergenerational resource allocation in Finland
Births of young and old mothers in a population of late and regulated childbearing : Finland 1991.
The handbook of ethical research with ethnocultural populations and communities
From generation to generation
Modernising social policy for the new life course
Age matters : employing, motivating and managing older employees
Language acquisition : the age factor
Summary in Russian (s.xxxixi-xlvi).
Towards an aging society : some demographic and socioeconomic aspects of population aging in Finland
Midlife progression in schizophrenia
Intergenerational income distribution : report of the Working Group on Intergenerational Income Distribution
New babycare
Chapter 1 - Introduction to the Study of Memory Chapter 2 - Memory and the Brain Chapter 3 - Working Memory Chapter 4 - Episodic Memory Chapter 5 - Semantic Memory and Lexical Memory Chapter 6 - Visual Memory Chapter 7 - Autobiographical Memory Chapter 8 - False Memory Chapter 9 - Metamemory Chapter 10 - Memory Disorders Chapter 11 - Memory in Childhood Chapter 12 - Memory in Older Adults Chapter 13 - Memory Improvement: A User's Guide.
Promoting women's heart health by screening for vascular risk factors among middle-aged women : methods and baseline results from a preventive trial
Births by younger and older mothers in a population with late and regulated childbearing : Finland 1991.
Generations and socialization into electoral participation in Finland
Age class systems : social institutions and polities based on age
How to train a superpup
Growing up and getting old in ancient Egypt
Accepted, desired and ashamed : images of female alcohol use and drinkingrelated  gender orders described by Finnish  women of different ages
Political choices among young adults in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area in 1988-2004
Gerontology and tourism management
The generation classes of the Zanaki (Tanzania)
Two papers on income mobility
Policy credibility in numerical overlapping generations model
Longevity adjustment of pension benefits
Age-period-cohort analysis : new models, methods, and empirical applications
Kids play : designing a touch screen game with children
Välkky kirjastoauto : a service & interaction design concept
Consumer behaviour
Sociology
Summary
Studying aging and social change : conceptual and methodological issues
World population ageing, 1950-2050
The Nuer : a description of the modes of livelihood and political institutions of a Nilotic people
Gender equality at the heart of decent work : sixth item on the agenda
Replacement migration : is it a solution to declining and ageing populations?
The Murle : red chiefs and black commoners
Tuned out : why Americans under 40 don't follow the news
Barry loser hates half term!
Lotus window : concentric rings structures for framing video narratives
Sociology of mental disorder
ABC of nutrition
Finnish drinking habits : results from interview surveys held in 1968, 1976 and 1984
Generations in twentieth-century Europe
Designing for privacy and related needs
My music
The regional settlement patterns of immigrants to Sweden 1967-2005 by age
Manager 3.0 : a millennial's guide to rewriting the rules of management
Preaching to a multi-generational assembly
Society and adjustment to old age : a sociological study on the attitude of society and the adjustment of the aged
The replacement of have by of in complex verb phrases : a sociolinguistic study
Access to resources in different age-cohorts : implications for activity level, loneliness and life satisfaction
The Wanano Indians of the Brazilian Amazon : a sense of space
Conflict age & power in North East Africa : age systems in tradition
Childhood as a social phenomenon. An introduction to a series of national reports
Wage differential between young and adults and its relation with youth unemployment
Broadband society and generational changes
GDR society and institutions : facts and figures
The fifty-plus market : why the future is age-neutral when it comes to marketing and branding
World population to 2300
Parents and children : incomes in two generations
Peer relationships and social skills in childhood
World population policies 2009
Postural balance and aging : cross-sectional comparative studies and a balance training intervention
