http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5590 adults
adults
Bastien piano for adults. Book 1, A beginning course: lessons, theory, technic, sight reading
The multicultural images of the future of young adults
Quality of life in adolescents and young adults after traumatic experience
Smart but stuck : emotions in teens and adults with ADHD
How adults learn
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of adulthood and aging
Yoga for you and your child : the step-by-step guide to enjoying yoga with children of all ages
The corrections
Beginning piano for adults : the grown-up approach to playing piano
The shadow cats
The girl of fire and thorns
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
John Brimhall's adult piano course complete
The salmon who dared to leap higher
Handbook of young adult religious education
The long way home: the powerful 4-step plan for adult children of divorce
When your parent moves in : every adult child's guide to living with an ageing parent
Adult sibling relationships
Problematic digital gaming behavior and its relation to the psychological, social and physical health of Finnish adolescents and young adults
Generation Y and the new rules of management
Did I mention I need you?
Lifelong learning and the English language : the significance of studying English voluntarily at adult age
Insatiable
Dental fear among adults in Finland
The son
The elegance of hedgehog
Matters of the heart
Guidelines for library services for young adults
I hid my voice
Adults learning Finnish as a foreign language : role of support, emotions and reasons connected with learning
Psychological and medical well-being and their relation in adults with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
The role of the learner and the way language is portrayed in the exercises of English and Swedish textbooks for adults
Children of the jacaranda tree
Critical reflection stragegies using teams : pratical learning strategies for individuals, groups and organisations : techniques for creative problem solving and skills development : essential skills for workshop facilitation
Just brick it
Physical health of adults with intellectual disabilities
In the kingdom of men
Adult piano course : the adult approach to piano study. Book 1
Adult literacy lessons and promises : Mozambican literacy campaigns 1978-1982
The captain and the enemy
John Thompson's adult piano course. Book 2
Music for life : aspects of creative music therapy with adult clients
Towards the essence of adult experiential learning : a reading of the theories of Knowles, Kolb, Mezirow, Revans and Schön
Building self through foreign language learning : a case study of four adult language learners' emerging identities
The adult years : continuity and change
Cortical correlates of language perception : neuromagnetic studies in adults and children
Increased adult susceptibility to neurotoxic pesticides : dependence on neonatal exposure
Pianoworks. Collection 1
Widening participation and lifelong learning : the journal of the Institute for Access Studies and the European Access Network
Principles and practice of adult health nursing
Internet made easy for the over 50s
Drug abuse in adults - supporting the physical functional capacity.
Nothing but shadows : Shadowhunters
In vivo body composition studies
Notes from ghost town
Get a life!
Young Adults’ Environmental Knowledge, Attitudes and Travelling Behavior
After such kindness
Management of adult neurogenic dysphagia
Executive summary.
Clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors, liver enzymes and PNPLA3 polymorphism with special reference to children
Pianoworks. Collection 2
Exclusion from work and studies - a problem for first generation immigrants
The Oxford handbook of emotion, social cognition, and problem solving in adulthood
The London pigeon wars
Self-rating scales in the assessment of current and childhood symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in adults
Musicianship for the older beginner organist. Level 1
Teaching languages to adults
Wildwood dancing
Adults with learning difficulties : education for choice & empowerment : a handbook of good practice
Another such victory and we are lost : adult attachment and motivational goal fulfilment
Self-service technology in hotel reseption : finnish customer perceptions
Travel Behaviour of Different Ages
Wisdom : explorations in adult competence
Planning for life : involving adults with learning disabilities in service planning
Bloodline. The complete first season
Betty Crocker birthdays
Comparison of intelligibility, comprehensibility and acceptability of dysarthric speech by younger and older normal adults
Adult education and lifelong learning : theory and practice
Sexually transmitted diseases : knowledge base and attitudes of young adults in an institute of higher education about sexually transmitted diseases, Finland
The dynamics of art as therapy with adolescents
Talking with patients
Interventions, effects, and outcomes in occupational therapy : adults and older adults
The go-between
A new kind of trainer : how to develop the training role for people with learning disabilities
Facing learning disabilities in the adult years
Steps into English. 1
Teaching and learning in adult education
The life of the salmon is a predictable one: swimming upstream to the place of its birth to spawn, and then to die. This is the story of a salmon whose silver scales mark him out as different - who dares to leap beyond his fate. It's a story about growing up, and about aching and ardent love. For swimming upstream means pursuing something the salmon cannot see: a dream. Translated for the first time into English, The Salmon Who Dared To Leap Higher is a wise, tender and inspiring modern fable about finding freedom and a harmony with nature we have either forgotten or lost in the binding realities of life.
Adult learning in your classroom : the best of TRAINING Magazine's strategies and techniques for managers and trainers
Urban teens in the library : research and practice
Four dance subcultures : a study of non-professional dancers ́socialization, participation motives, attitudes and stereotypes
Adult learning
Stories for young people
Background and Aims      The aim of this study was to identify problematic gaming behavior among Finnish adolescents and young adults, and evaluate its connection to a variety of psychological, social, and physical health symptoms.        Methods      This cross-sectional study was conducted with a random sample of 293 respondents aged from 13 to 24 years. Participants completed an online survey. Problematic gaming behavior was measured with the Game Addiction Scale (GAS). Self-reports covered health measures such as psychological health (psychopathological symptoms, satisfaction with life), social health (preferences for social interaction), and physical health (general health, Body Mass Index [BMI], body discomfort, physical activity).        Results      Problematic gaming behavior was found to relate to psychological and health problems, namely fatigue, sleep interference, depression and anxiety symptoms. Multiple linear regression indicated that the amount of weekly gaming, depression and a preference for online social interaction predicted increased problematic gaming symptoms.        Conclusions      This research emphasized that problematic gaming behavior had a strong negative correlation to a variety of subjective health outcomes.
Wheezy babies - wheezy adults? : asthma, bronchial reactivity and lung function in adulthood after hospitalisation for bronchiolitis in early life
The indestructible fairy tale : the role and meaning of fairy tales for adult women
Adult development and aging
Computer games and team and individual learning
Personalised assistive products : managing stigma and expressing the self
Fallout : a novel
The invitation
Doctor Proctor's fart powder
Associations between personality traits and sleep quality and quantity among young adults
Over the last decade, the field of socio-emotional development and aging has rapidly expanded, with many new theories and empirical findings emerging. This trend is consistent with the broader movement in psychology to consider social, motivational, and emotional influences on cognition and behavior. The Oxford Handbook of Emotion, Social Cognition, and Problem Solving in Adulthood provides the first overview of a new field of adult development that has emerged out of conceptualizations and research at the intersections between socioemotional development, social cognition, emotion, coping, and everyday problem solving. This field roundly rejects a universal deficit model of aging, highlighting instead the dynamic nature of socio-emotional development and the differentiation of individual trajectories of development as a function of variation in contextual and experiential influences. It emphasizes the need for a cross-level examination (from biology and neuroscience to cognitive and social psychology) of the determinants of emotional and socio-emotional behavior. This volume also serves as a tribute to the late Fredda Blanchard-Fields, whose thinking and empirical research contributed extensively to a life-span developmental view of emotion, problem solving, and social cognition. Its chapters cover multiple aspects of adulthood and aging, presenting developmental perspectives on emotion; antecedents and consequences of emotion in context; everyday problem solving; social cognition; goals and goal-related behaviors; and wisdom. The landmark volume in this new field, The Oxford Handbook of Emotion, Social Cognition, and Problem Solving in Adulthood is an important resource for cognitive, developmental, and social psychologists, as well as researchers and graduate students in the field of aging, emotion studies, and social psychology.
Adult literacy perspectives
Leisure-time physical activity, body mass index, and waist circumreference : a longitudinal twin study from adolescence to adulthood
Better healthcare for adults with Down syndrome : a guide for professionals, carers and families on the health needs of adults with Down syndrome
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2012 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2012 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2012
Young adults' attitudes towards personnel funds in Finland
City at the end of time
Adult learning : a reader
Adult attachment partially mediates the association between childhood maltreatment and schizotypal personality
Learning while working : success stories on workplace learning in Europe
The lowland
Adult attachment styles : a person-oriented approach
Play the piano! Level 1 : the complete step-by-step guide for beginners
Long-term outcome of early childhood lower respiratory tract infections : respiratory morbidity, lung function, and health-related quality of life in the 30-year follow-up
Boomers and beyond : considering the role of libraries
Cracking the TOEFL iBT : 2017 edition
The end of the world. Maybe
A framework for learning : for adults with profound and complex learning difficulties
The adult and the museum
Activate your English : pre-intermediate self-study workbook audio CD : a short course for adults
The older beginner piano course. Level 2.
Enchanted again : erotic bedtime stories for women
Associations between age and cognitive foundation skills in the Nordic countries : a closer look at the data
New Headway. Intermediate : student's book
Motor skills of young adults with Asperger syndrome: A comparative study
Adult piano course : the adult approach to piano study. Book two
Finding love online : a study on British young adults' self-presentation and mate-preferences in online dating
Indignation
Yes, No, Maybe: Fertility Intentions and Reasons Behind Them Among Childless Finnish Men and Women
Learning while working : success stories on workplace learning n Europe
Still she haunts me : a novel
Aduts with learning disabilities : theoretical and practical perspectives
Client participation in medical rehabilitation for adults with severe disabilities / Aila Järvikoski, Jouni Puumalainen & Kristiina Härkäpää
Young adult failure to thrive syndrome
The autism handbook
Representations of Finnishness in Sweden
Abstract: The object of this bachelor's thesis was to study the prevalence of actualized protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior as well as to clarify carers' views on protective measures and client participation, and whether there are possibilities for empowerment. The setting for the study was Kuusela, a department offering care, guidance and rehabilitation to adults with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior. The theoretical framework for this study was based on values of the social field and the operating environment of Kuusela and how empowerment can be reached through participation and the right to subjectivity, self-determination, and dialog. Methods in acquiring the essential information were both qualitative and quantitative. Data on the prevalence of actualized protective measures was gathered through a documentary analysis. Data on carers' views on protective measures and client participation were gathered through a questionnaire consisting of a set of questions that were to be answered according to the Likert scale. The questionnaire also included two open-ended questions that required a written answer. The data were analysed according to qualitative content analysis. The results showed that the number of actualized protective measures had decreased from the year 2008 to 2010. Results on the carers' views showed that protective measures are needed and justified in their work. Although they seem conscious of the inhabitants' right to participatory working methods, it was not seen clearly in the everyday life. Obstacles in the implementation of this right were seen as being related to the inhabitants' shortcomings and the carers' attitudes and know-how. It can be concluded that continuous reflection on values and models of action is needed in order for the inhabitants' participation to be respected and implemented and for empowerment to be possible. The results showed that learning by living should be heightened through open professional discussions. The inhabitants' shortcomings should be dealt with in a professional manner and attitudes and knowledge on addressing these shortcomings should be dealt with through discussion and possibly through further training.
Health-related quality of life and its associating factors among 25-64-year-old adults with or without long-term mental symptoms.
Cambridge English : Complete First. Student's book with answers / Guy Brook-Hart
Ethyl-eicosapentaenoic acid and carnosine supplementation's effects on cognitive, behavioural and psychophysiological parameters on healthy young subjects : double-blind, placebo-controlled study
Abstract. - Sammandrag.
How do you tailor education to the learning needs of adults? Do they learn differently from children? How does their life experience inform their learning processes? These were the questions at the heart of Malcolm Knowles' pioneering theory of andragogy which transformed education theory in the 1970s. The resulting principles of a self-directed, experiential, problem-centred approach to learning have been hugely influential and are still the basis of the learning practices we use today. Understanding these principles is the cornerstone of increasing motivation and enabling adult learners to achieve. This update of a pioneering classic contains all Knowles' original chapters alongside a newer second part by Elwood Ed Holton and Richard A Swanson charting the advancements on these core principles. A third section includes selected readings from previous editions to illustrate the theory's evolution, as well as important articles from other key experts around the world for a comprehensive view. This new edition includes: * New chapter outlines, learning objectives and careful edits of Malcolm Knowles' work to simplify the original theory * Updates to the second part to reflect the very latest advancements in the field * Revisions throughout to make it more readable and relevant to your practices.
The adult learner : the definitive classic in adult education and human resource development
Secondary education students with reading disability : findings from two remedial training experiments
Resources for teachers of adults : a handbook of practical advice on audio-visual aids and educational technology for tutors and organisers
Aspects of the interlanguage of Finnish adult students of English
Epilepsy in adults : an epidemiological study in Eastern Finland
Protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities: carers' views on protective measures and client participation
Smart girls get what they want
Written within a bio-psychosocial framework, Cavanaugh and Blanchard-Fields' text covers the specific ages-stages of adult development and aging. In its unparalleled coverage of current research and theory, the authors draw clear connections between research and application. The book's focus on "positive aging" and the gains and losses people experience across adulthood distinguish it from its competitors.
L. A. Candy
The story of Kullervo
Sugar and spice
The children's crusade
Transformative learning in action: insights from practice
Personalisation : a rough guide
Autism in children and adults : etiology, assessment, and intervention
Adult apprenticeship training : developing competitiveness and competence
Play the piano! Level 2 : the complete step-by-step guide for beginners
Improving an Induction: Creating a better induction for employees. Case: Metso Minerals Inc. / DC Europe
The book boy
Towards a physically more active lifestyle based on one's own values: study design of a randomized controlled trial for physically inactive adults
Personality, well-being and job resources : from negative paradigm towards positive psychology
Autonomy-control variation in child rearing and aspects of personality in young adults
Music therapy with adults with learning disabilities
The altogether unexpected disappearance of Atticus Craftsman
In this paper we examine reproductive intentions among childless Finnish men and women aged 18 to 34 years. In Finland, as in other European countries, young adults are postponing parenthood to an ever-later age. Our intention is to investigate expressions of reproductive intentions, and particularly, to focus on the division of intentions between more positive and more hesitant expressions. We examine how education, factors related to economic security and values relate to childbearing hesitation among young adults. We also use information on the reasons that the young themselves have provided to examine differences in fertility intentions. Our study uses a sample of 724 men and women drawn from the PPA2 survey, which focused on Finns attitudes in 2002 toward family and children, family policy measures, values in life, and fertility intentions. We ? nd that education is related to postponement, and that unemployment increases hesitation. Partnership and the state of the relationship are clearly important preconditions for positive childbearing intentions among both men and women. Postponers are more likely to stress reasons that are related to present life situation and are more open to change, while persons who hesitate regarding future childbearing stress longer-standing reasons behind their intentions. .
Changes of the prevalence of adolescent mental problems during the last decade (2003-2013)
Bastien piano for adults book. 1 : A beginning course: lessons, theory, technic, sight reading
Adult education and the pursuit of wisdom
The purpose of this study was to determine if differences existed when dysarthric speech was evaluated using three measures, intelligibility, comprehensibility and acceptability using younger and older typical adults as listeners. Intelligibility, an objective measure, was defined as percent of words heard correctly, comprehensibility, also an objective measure, as the ability to understand what is being said, and acceptability, a subjective measure, as how the listener rates the person's overall speaking ability. Four young adult males with traumatic brain injury and one control were recorded reading sentences from the Assessment of Intelligibility of Dysarthric Speech (AIDS). Sentences were played back to younger and older listeners who provided all ratings. All ratings by both groups were high for intelligibility and comprehensibility. Ratings for acceptability indicated a group difference with older listeners rating acceptability similar to intelligibility and comprehensibility, while younger listeners rated acceptability at significantly lower levels compared to the other to measures. Results suggest that counseling may be necessary for younger TBI patients and their families to overcome possible peer rejection despite the fact that the patients actually produce highly intelligible and understandable speech.
Motivating young people  : A case study on AIESEC Tampere
New Headway : class audio CDs. Advanced
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2013 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2013 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2013
"A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London"--
This exceptional collection draws on the most recent demographic data and combines classic research with cutting-edge approaches to provide an invaluable overview of the developmental psychology of the adult years. Covers a wide range of topics within adult development and aging, from theoretical perspectives to specific content areasIncludes newly commissioned essays from the top researchers in the fieldTakes a biopsychosocial perspective, covering the biological, psychological and social changes that occur in adulthood.
Nursing interventions for improving the management of hypertension in adults
My dear Noel : the story of a letter from Beatrix Potter
Challenging behaviour and people with learning disabilities : a handbook
Middle age : a natural history
Piano jazz. 2 : Tips and hints..
Finnish-German young adult's bicultural identity and its realization in Finland
How to Create Value in the Phonographic Industry for Consumers Between the Ages of 20-25? : A Study on whether Consumers Who Find Value in Artists Show More Behavioural Intent to Buy than Those Who Do Not, with Regard to the Phonographic Industry
English for you. 1
The sweet poison of love in adolescence and early adulthood
New Headway : workbook with key. Upper intermediate
Mental wellness in adults with Down syndrome : a guide to emotional and behavioral strengths and challenges
Functioning and quality of life as perspectives of health in patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis in early adulthood : measurement and long-term outcome
Psychology and adult learning
Adult learning in the digital age :  information technology and the learning society
Musicianship for the older beginner organist. Level 2
Relationship between perceived organizational support and willingness to pursue a career in the hospitality industry
The continuity of learning disabilities : a follow-up study of nine young women with the history of dyslexia
Roar and Liv : an under the never sky story
Essentials of adult health nursing ; SueAnn Wooster Ames, Carol Ren Kneisl
Toxic parents : overcoming their hurtful legacy and reclaiming your life
The crown of embers
Documents research on the impact of computer games on the learning of adults. Computer games and learning are characterized from a series of different theoretical and empirical viewpoints. Both civilian sector and military applications are presented. While effectiveness of game environments to support learning can be documented in terms of intensity and longevity of engagement (participants voting with their time), as well as the commercial success of the games, there is much less solid empirical information about what instructional outcomes are systematically achieved by the playing of individual and multiplayer games. This book will address these issues.Designed for professionals in the gaming, simulation, assessment and evaluation, educational technology, and educational psychology communities, this book explores the state of the art in the use of computer game technology for teaching and measurement of learning in adults. Its unique focus is on the empirical impact, both qualitative and quantitative, of computer games on the learning of adults.
A survey of adult aphasia
Chaotic phases in adult second language acquisition : evidence from speech planning and monitoring phenomena
Amortality : the pleasures and perils of living agelessly
Effects of personal traits on Generation Y consumers' attitudes toward the use of mobile devices for communication and commerce
Psychological resources, their social antecedents, and association with well-being and health behaviour in early adulthood
Cousin Phillis
Protective Measures in Working with People with Intellectual Disabilities : Carers' Views on Protective Measures and Client Participation
The road through the wall
Adult learning, critical intelligence and social change
Re-embodied : young women, the body quest and agency in the culture of appearances
Processing of sound rise time in children and adults with and without reading problems
Assessment of bone quality in pediatric and adult patients with osteoporosis
Activate your English : intermediate self-study workbook audio CD : a short course for adults
Piano jazz. 3 : Tips and hints..
A Travel Plan to Japan for Young Adults
It's never too late : A learn-as-you-play tutor. Level 1
The parent/child and preschool : aquatic program manual
Humor in Hoodwinked movies : a qualitative content analysis
New Headway : student's workbook CD. Advanced
