http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5603 social ethics
social ethics
Building corporate accountability : emerging practices in social and ethical accounting, auditing and reporting
Global feminist ethics
Social and personal ethics
An introduction to Catholic social thought
Inequality
The power of shame : a rational perspective
Life lessons through storytelling : children's exploration of ethics
The liberating Spirit : toward an Hispanic American Pentecostal social ethic
The rainbow people of God : [South Africa's victory over apartheid]
Aids - a moral issue : the ethical and social aspects
Rationality standards of social life : traditions and the present
The order of public reason : a theory of freedom and morality in a diverse and bounded world
Christianity and social systems : historical constructions and ethical challenges
The role of ethics in social theory : essays from a Habermasian perspective
Christians in a pluralist society
Reciprocity
Unselfishness : the role of the vicarious affects in moral philosophy and social theory
Key issues in critical and cultural theory
The moral dynamics of economic life : an extension and critique of Caritas in veritate
Moral psychology : feminist ethics and social theory
Experience vs. understanding : understanding yourself in twenty-first century societies
Christian ethics : an introduction
The dialogue of justice : toward a self-reflective society
War and border crossings : ethics when cultures clash
In search of the common good
Christian realism & peacemaking : issues in U.S. foreign policy
Social and Personal Ethics provides students with a sound introduction to ethical theory and contemporary moral issues through engaging readings on today's most hotly debated topics. Among other topics, coverage includes environmental ethics and animal rights, the limits of personal liberty, war and the struggle against terrorism, marriage and sexual morality, the death penalty, gun control, and abortion and euthanasia. The volume begins with two introductory essays written for beginning students by the editor, William H. Shaw, on the nature of morality and competing normative theories. These are followed by five other essays on ethical theory by classical and contemporary authors. The book's next 12 sections explore a wide-range of real-world ethical issues. In all, the book is composed of 53 articles (11 of which are new to this edition). To ensure that the text is as accessible as it is relevant, Shaw has edited every article with an eye toward readability, provided introductions and study questions before the essays, as well as review and discussion questions after them, and highlighted key passages to help students focus on important points and concepts.
Christian participation in nation-building : the summing up of a corporate study on rapid social change
Working virtue : virtue ethics and contemporary moral problems
John Macmurray's Religious Philosophy : what it means to be a person
A companion to ethics
The social goals of new Asia : an Asian Christian Study Conference, Nommensen University, Pematang Siantar, N. Sumatra, Indonesia, March 12-16, 1957 : report
The social visions of the Hebrew Bible : a theological introduction
A world with a human face : a voice from Africa
A civilization of love : the Catholic vision for human society
Compendium of the social doctrine of the church
Practical ethics
Account episodes : the management or escalation of conflict
Ethics is an increasingly important theme in social work practice. Worldwide, social workers experience common ethical challenges (how to be fair, whether to break a rule, how to act in politically tense situations) in very different contexts -- from disaster relief in China to child protection work in Palestine. This book takes as its starting point real life cases featuring ethical problems in the areas of: negotiating roles and boundaries, respecting rights, being fair, challenging and developing organisations and working with policy and politics. Each case opens with a brief introduction, is followed by two commentaries and ends with questions for reflection. The commentaries, written by authors from different countries, refer to relevant theories, concepts, practical matters, alternative courses of action and their implications. Features within the book include: An introductory chapter covering issues of global ethics Cases and commentaries drawn from across the world -- from Peru to Finland Cases based on real life situations and chapter introductions from leading authorities in social work and ethical theory Questions and practical exercises to aid teaching and professional development This book is a unique and accessible resource for stimulating ethical reflection, expanding ethical horizons and developing ethical and intercultural sensitivity. It is designed for use by undergraduate and postgraduate students and professionals in the fields of social work, social education/pedagogy, social care work, international social work, community development, community organisation, youth work and related fields.
Erich Fromm and the quest for solidarity
Sociobiology and epistemology
The value of life
Doing good by doing good : why creating shared value is the key to powering business growth and innovation
"The essays in this book explore the critical possibilities that have been opened by Veena Das's work. Taking off from her writing on pain as a call for acknowledgment, several essays explore how social sciences render pain, suffering, and the claims of the other as part of an ethics of responsibility. They search for disciplinary resources to contest the implicit division between those whose pain receives attention and those whose pain is seen as out of sync with the times and hence written out of the historical record. Another theme is the co-constitution of the event and the everyday, especially in the context of violence. Das's groundbreaking formulation of the everyday provides a frame for understanding how both violence and healing might grow out of it. Drawing on notions of life and voice and the struggle to write one's own narrative, the contributors provide rich ethnographies of what it is to inhabit a devastated world. Ethics as a form of attentiveness to the other, especially in the context of poverty, deprivation, and the corrosion of everyday life, appears in several of the essays. They take up the classic themes of kinship and obligation but give them entirely new meaning. Finally, anthropology's affinities with the literary are reflected in a final set of essays that show how forms of knowing in art and in anthropology are related through work with painters, performance artists, and writers"--
Christians and churches of Africa : salvation in Christ and building a new African society
The Churches in the OECD-countries approaching the North-South dialogue with emphasis on UNCTAD VII : report from the consultation held in Oslo, May 19-22.1987
The Churches survey their task : the report of the conference at Oxford, July 1937, on Church, community and state
Applied ethics in religion and culture : contextual and global changes
Catholic social teaching in global perspective
Power and morality : who shall guard the guardians?
The feminist transformation of bioethics : an analysis of theoretical perspectives and practical applications in feminist bioethics
Respecting persons in theory and practice : essays on moral and political philosophy
John Wesley's social ethics : praxis and principles
Existentialism, feminism and Simone de Beauvoir
Practising social work ethics around the world : cases and commentaries
Moral engagement in public life : theorists for contemporary ethics
Christian social ethics in a global era
Classroom life as civic education : individual achievement and student cooperation in schools
Creating capabilities : the human development approach
Contemporary moral issues
Human rights as ethics, politics, and law
Truthfulness and tragedy : futher investigations in Christian Ethics
Resisting ethics
Socially engaged Buddhism
Ethics, education and development : an introductory text for students in African colleges and universities
Value, welfare, and morality
Spirit ethics : Scripture and the moral life
The future for social policy in a global context : why the south now needs to take the lead
Contemporary moral issues : facing the Orthodox Christian
Oppression and responsibility : a Wittgensteinian approach to social practices and moral theory
Ethical and spiritual dimensions of social progress, [Bled, Slovenia, from 28 to 30 October 1994] = Dimensions éthiques et spirituelles du progrès social
Conversations with God : an uncommon dialogue. Book 1 : guidebook
Ethical hermeneutics : rationality in Enrique Dussel's Philosophy of liberation
Decision theory and social ethics : issues in social choice
Recent dissatisfaction with individualism and the problems of religious pluralism make this an opportune time to reassess the way in which we define ourselves and conduct our relationships with others. The philosophical writings of John Macmurray are a useful resource for performing this examination, and recent interest in Macmurray's work has been growing steadily. A full-scale critical examination of Macmurray's religious philosophy has not been published and this work fills this gap, sharing his insistence that we define ourselves through action and through person-to-person relationships, while critiquing his account of the ensuing political and religious issues. The key themes in this work are the concept of the person and the ethics of personal relations.
Rationality, justice and the social contract : themes from Morals by agreement
Anglican difficulties : a new syllabus of errors
The hybrid church in the city : third space thinking
Man amid change in world affairs
Right conduct : theories and applications
Unity and compassion : moral issues in the life and thought of George K. A. Bell
The pastoral circle revisited : a critical quest for truth and transformation
The papacy confronts the modern world
A long struggle : the involvement of the World Council of Churches in South Africa
A theory of intergenerational justice
Dignity of work : theological and interdisciplinary perspectives
Social ethics : morality and social policy
Christian social ethics in Ukraine : the legacy of Andrei Sheptytsky
Retrieving the natural law : a return to moral first things
Reconciliation : gift of God and source of new life : documents from the Second European Ecumenical Assembly
Patristic sources and Catholic social teaching : a forgotton dimension ; a textual, historical, and rhetorical analysis of patristic source citations in the church's social documents
Freedom and fulfillment : philosophical essays
Justice and modern moral philosophy
Catholicism : Christ and the common destiny of man
Catholic social thought renovating the tradition : a keyguide to resources
Christian critics : religion and the impasse in modern American social thought
Individuals, families, and the new era of genetics : biopsychosocial perspectives
Class structure in the social consciousness
Social ends and political means
Globalization and its victims
Catholic social teaching and movements
Catholic social thought : twilight or renaissance?
Christian faith and public choices : the social ethics of Barth, Brunner and Bonhoeffer
Norms, values, and society
"The essays in this book examine how important themes in Veena Das's work have been critically assimilated in the work of a younger generation. Looking at the relation between the event and the everyday, the essays ask how we might trace the picture of thinking in anthropology through ethnography and through artistic, literary and philosophical practice"--
The development of challenge : a sequel to the Beirut Conference of April 21-27, 1968, Montreal, Canada, May 9-12, 1969
The Churches' work on the environment : a bibliography
Technologies and health : critical compromises
Social ethics of Islam : classical Islamic-Arabic political theory and practice
Social determinants of moral ideas
The ethical dimension of community : the African model and the dialogue between North and South
Protestant work ethics : a study of work ethical theories in contemporary protestant theology
A community of character : toward a constructive Christian social ethic
"In this innovative and important work, Gerald Gaus advances a revised, and more realistic, account of public reason liberalism, showing how, in the midst of fundamental disagreement about values and moral beliefs, we can achieve a moral and political order that treats all as free and equal moral persons. The first part of this work analyzes social morality as a system of authoritative moral rules. Drawing on an earlier generation of moral philosophers such as Kurt Baier and Peter Strawson as well as current work in the social sciences, Gaus argues that our social morality is an evolved social fact, which is the necessary foundation of a mutually beneficial social order. The second part considers how this system of social moral authority can be justified to all moral persons. Drawing on the tools of game theory, social choice theory, experimental psychology, and evolutionary theory, Gaus shows how a free society can secure a moral equilibrium that is endorsed by all, and how a just state respects, and develops, such an equilibrium"--
Wording the world : Veena Das and scenes of inheritance
War or health? : a reader
The Second Vatican Council exhorted the faithful to 'seek the kingdom of God by engaging in temporal affairs and by ordering them according to the plan of God' (Lumen Gentium, 31). The contours of this mission are given by Catholic social teaching and yet, regrettably, this treasure of the Church remains undiscovered by most Catholics. Conscious of this, the popes of the modern age have consistently expressed their desire that this aspect of the Church's doctrine and mission become more widely known. Responding to that desire, this book guides the reader through the major themes of Catholic social teaching by drawing directly upon the primary source of this doctrine, in particular the social encyclicals of the popes from Leo XIII to Benedict XVI. By going back to the source of this doctrine, the author avoids the polemics that sometimes surround social teaching and gives a faithful, clear, precise, and thorough explanation of what the Church has actually said about human society. The author presents Catholic social teaching thematically, exploring in depth such topics as the family, work, economic and political life, human rights, peace, the International Community, and the environment. In addition, he explains the nature, scope, and application of social teaching, as well as expounding its foundational principles including the common good, solidarity, subsidiarity, private property, and the option for the poor.This book is written in an academic but accessible style and is particularly suitable for those who are interested in gaining an authentic understanding of the Catholic Church's vision for human society.
Soul, self, and society : the new morality and the modern state
Essential Catholic social thought
Lying and deception in human interaction
Genetic counselling : practice and principles
Applying ethics : a text with readings
Justice in a global economy : strategies for home, community, and world
Science and social responsibility
Challenges in caring : explorations in nursing and ethics
When Barack Obama praised the writings of Reinhold Niebuhr in the run up to his election, he joined a long line of politicians who engaged with Niebuhr's ideas. This book discusses how a re-evaluation of Niebuhr's thought can help inform contemporary debates on Christian social ethics and other wider theological issues.
Rights and the common good : the communitarian perspective
Engagement at the workplace : the nature, cost and power of engaged work communities
The true wealth of nations : Catholic social thought and economic life
The code for global ethics : ten humanist principles
Society, ethics, and technology
Christian theology and social reconstruction
Social ethics : a student's guide
Sustainability and globalization
The persistence of Christian realism : a study of the social ethics of Roland H. Preston
Vision and virtue : essays in Christian ethical reflection
Economy, difference, empire : social ethics for social justice
Rubbish theory : the creation and destruction of value
"Political and social commentators regularly bemoan the decline of morality in the modern world. They claim that the norms and values that held society together in the past are rapidly eroding, to be replaced by permissiveness and empty hedonism. But as Edward Rubin demonstrates in this powerful account of moral transformations, these prophets of doom are missing the point. Morality is not diminishing; instead, a new morality, centered on an ethos of human self-fulfillment, is arising to replace the old one. As Rubin explains, changes in morality have gone hand in hand with changes in the prevailing mode of governance throughout the course of Western history. During the Early Middle Ages, a moral system based on honor gradually developed. In a dangerous world where state power was declining, people relied on bonds of personal loyalty that were secured by generosity to their followers and violence against their enemies. That moral order, exemplified in the early feudal system and in sagas like The Song of Roland, The Song of the Cid, and the Arthurian legends has faded, but its remnants exist today in criminal organizations like the Mafia and in the rap music of the urban ghettos. When state power began to revive in the High Middle Ages through the efforts of the European monarchies, and Christianity became more institutionally effective and more spiritually intense, a new morality emerged. Described by Rubin as the morality of higher purposes, it demanded that people devote their personal efforts to achieving salvation and their social efforts to serving the emerging nation-states. It insisted on social hierarchy, confined women to subordinate roles, restricted sex to procreation, centered child-rearing on moral inculcation, and countenanced slavery and the marriage of pre-teenage girls to older men. Our modern era, which began in the late 18th century, has seen the gradual erosion of this morality of higher purposes and the rise of a new morality of self-fulfillment, one that encourages individuals to pursue the most meaningful and rewarding life-path. Far from being permissive or a moral abdication, it demands that people respect each other's choices, that sex be mutually enjoyable, that public positions be allocated according to merit, and that society provide all its members with their minimum needs so that they have the opportunity to fulfill themselves. Where people once served the state, the state now functions to serve the people. The clash between this ascending morality and the declining morality of higher purposes is the primary driver of contemporary political and cultural conflict. A sweeping, big-idea book in the vein of Francis Fukuyama's The End of History, Charles Taylor's The Secular Age, and Richard Sennett's The Fall of Public Man, Edward Rubin's new volume promises to reshape our understanding of morality, its relationship to government, and its role in shaping the emerging world of High Modernity"--
Ethics in criminal justice : in search of the truth
Christians in society : Luther, the Bible, and social ethics
Theory and practice in Old Testament ethics
Consequences: truth and..
Social ethics
Living together : Jacques Derrida's communities of violence and peace
Moral education and development : a lifetime commitment
For thirty years, Peter Singer's Practical Ethics has been the classic introduction to applied ethics. For this third edition, the author has revised and updated all the chapters and added a new chapter addressing climate change, one of the most important ethical challenges of our generation. Some of the questions discussed in this book concern our daily lives. Is it ethical to buy luxuries when others do not have enough to eat? Should we buy meat from intensively reared animals? Am I doing something wrong if my carbon footprint is above the global average? Other questions confront us as concerned citizens: equality and discrimination on the grounds of race or sex; abortion, the use of embryos for research and euthanasia; political violence and terrorism; and the preservation of our planet's environment.
Catholic social teaching and economic globalization : the quest for alternatives
The cyber effect : a pioneering cyberpsychologist explains how human behavior changes online
The report of the Committee on Society, Development and Peace : Plenary Meeting, July 2-6, 1969, The Ecumenical Institute, Chateau de Bossey
Scrutinizing the signs of the times in the light of the Gospel
Deviance and medicalization : from badness to sickness
Simone Weil : an anthology
Moral understandings : a feminist study in ethics
Liberal utilitarianism and applied ethics
The Norwegian pattern of international migration changed profoundly in the last part of the previous century. Norway is now an immigration country, with a significant immigration surplus from all parts of the world. This is a comparatively new phenomenon in Norwegian society. In accordance with Norwegian traditions, it called for research. During the last 10-15 years, the amount of statistics and analyses on immigration and immigrants has been growing, inside and outside Statistics Norway. Ethical aspects should be important, as this a very sensitive field. Questions have been raised as to the use of immigrant as a permanent classification in analyses, comprising even persons who never immigrated themselves. The basic idea of this article is that as long as the concept of immigrant is useful in revealing discriminatory practices, we have to carry out the analysis. Without knowledge of discrimination we cannot work effectively against it. .
Applied ethics in a world church : the Padua conference
Catholic social thought : the documentary heritage
This book recasts our understanding of the disciplines of moral theology and social ethics by drawing from the wealth of the entire theological enterprise, including scripture, systematic theology, Catholic social teaching, and Ignatian spirituality. Christina Astorga structures her new method in terms of vision, norm, and choice. Moral vision, shaped by culture, religion, scriptures, and systematic theology, is the wellspring form which morality flows. Moral norms, as grounded in Catholic social teaching, mediate moral vision toward choice and action. Directed by an integrated ethical methodology for conflict situations, moral choice which incarnates moral vision and norm is brought into the illumination of spiritual discernment.
Managing as if faith mattered : Christian social principles in the modern organization
Manners : translated from the french of Les moeurs, wherein the priciples of morality, or social duties..
Simone Weil, an anthology
The soul of civil society : voluntary associations and the public value of moral habits
Destroying Māra forever : Buddhist ethics essays in honor of Damien Keown
Doing research/reading research : re-interrogating education
Sacrifice and human economic life
Moral philosophy and contemporary problems
Values in conflict : life, liberty, and the rule of law
In search of a responsible world society : the social teachings of the World Council of Churches
"Over the course of the twentieth century, liberal Christian intellectuals - both Protestant and Catholic - drew on religion to make sense of the emerging world of professional expertise, industrial technology, and therapeutic selfhood. Christian Critics explores their social thought and cultural criticism and examines the ways that these Christian leaders perceived the nation and its people." "Offering portraits of a diverse selection of critics - including Walter Rauschenbusch, Reinhold Niebuhr, H. Richard Niebuhr, Dorothy Day, Paul Tillich, Thomas Merton, Martin Luther King, Jr., Daniel Berrigan, Michael Novak, Mary Daly, and Garry Wills - Eugene McCarraher argues that together they left a contradictory legacy. While all supported movements for the rights of labor, racial minorities, and women, some endorsed the military-industrial order that established the professional-managerial class as a dominant national force, while others favored a decentralized political economy of worker self-management. At the same time, McCarraher recasts the debate about the "therapeutic ethic" by tracing a shift, not from religion to therapy, but from religious to secular conceptions of selfhood. His book returns theology to its crucial place in the history of twentieth-century American intellectual life and suggests its importance to the future of the American Left."--Jacket.
Towards the common good : statement on the future of the welfare society by the bishops of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland
Christianity and the new social order : a manifesto for a fairer future
Catholic moral theology & social ethics : a new method
Empowerment ethics for a liberated people : a path to African American social transformation
From one of the world's leading experts in cyberpsychology--a discipline that combines psychology, forensics, and technology--comes a groundbreaking exploration of the impact of technology on human behavior. In the first book of its kind, Mary Aiken applies her expertise in cyber-behavioral analysis to a range of subjects, including criminal activity on the Deep Web and Darknet; deviant behavior; Internet addictions; the impact of technology on the developing child; teenagers and the Web; cyber-romance and cyber-friendships; cyberchondria; the future of artificial intelligence; and the positive effects on our digital selves, such as online altruism.
Quality of life, health and happiness
Liberation sociology
Faith in the City : a Call for Action by Church and Nation : The Report of the Archbishop of Canterbury's Commission on Urban Priority Areas
"Morality is not declining in the modern world. Instead, a new morality is replacing the previous one. Centered on individual self-fulfillment, and linked to administrative government, it permits things the old morality forbid, like sex for pleasure, but forbids things the old morality allowed, like intolerance and equality of opportunity"--
Not by might, nor by power : a Pentecostal theology of social concern in Latin America
Formal ethics
Animals and social work : a moral introduction
Freedom in response : Lutheran ethics : sources and controversies
How are we to live ? : ethics in an age of self-interest
Micah's challenge : the church's responsibility to the global poor
The promise of world tensions
Judgments of responsibility : a foundation for a theory of social conduct
The moral order : an introduction to the human situation
The moral foundations of social institutions : a philosophical study
The intrinsic worth of persons : contractarianism in moral and political philosophy
Post-Curitiba issues
The good life and the human good
Why analyze immigrants? : ethical and empirical aspects
Moral questions in the classroom : how to get kids to think deeply about real life and their schoolwork
Virtue and vice
Ethics of liberation in the age of globalization and exclusion
Social ethics : issues in ethics and society
Categorization and the moral order
Social justice isn't what you think it is
The future of Christian ethics
Reinhold Niebuhr and contemporary politics : God and power
Ethics, economics and the state
Public and private morality
