http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5604 societal responsibility
societal responsibility
Corporate Social responsibility of Junttan Oy
Awareness and sustainability in business organizations : leaving economic instrumentalism and stakeholder thinking behind
Abstract.
Abstract (s. 287-292).
A comparative study of CSR reports : the case of leading energy companies in the U.S. and Russia
The Corporate Responsibility Code Book has become the go-to guide for companies trying to understand the landscape of corporate responsibility and searching for their own, unique route towards satisfying diverse stakeholders.
Bail yourself out  : how you can emerge strong from the world crisis
"Psychology of Sustainability: An Applied Perspective examines the many psychological factors that lead to human behavioral effects on the environment. Because applied psychology is concerned with defining criteria and finding precursor variables that can be manipulated, this textbook is neatly structured to represent the principles of applied psychology. Each chapter will apply elements from a basic research area into the context of criteria specific to sustainability. Until recently, applied psychology received minimal attention from professors and professionals in sustainability. At the same time, increased interest has led many universities to offer courses on "Psychology of Sustainability." This book is the perfect text to provide an introduction to the subject. Throughout the book, readers will find new ways of framing questions related to human adaptability and evolutionary psychology. Psychology of Sustainability is ideal for students or professionals who are looking to contribute to the conversation"--
Corporate social responsibility and corporate governance : the contribution of economic theory and related disciplines
Corporate social responsibility excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 30 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Business in society or business and society: the construction of business society relations in responsibility reports from a critical discursive perspective
The role of corporate social responsibility in consumers' buying decisions
Third-Party Assurance Practices of Corporate Social  Responsibility Reporting : experiences from Large  Finnish Listed Companies
Corporate business responsibility
Business and society : managing corporate social performance
Studies on corporate social responsibility in the Finnish small business context
Reconceptualising democratic local governance in the Niger Delta
Whether you are an employee, a manager, an entrepreneur or a CEO, The Sustainable MBA Second Edition provides the knowledge and tools to help you 'green' your job and organization, to turn sustainability talk into action for the benefit of your bottom line and society as a whole.
Social innovation : solutions for a sustainable future
The Role of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) in the New Economy
Prosessijohtamisen käsitteet = Terms and concepts in business process management
Playing by the game rules : the business responsibility of Stora Enso
Bold : how to go big, achieve success, and impact the world
Sustainability : duty or opportunity for business?
Corporate social responsibility disclosure in the Finnish small business context : managing directors' perceptions and preferences
Fair trade role in developing corporate social responsibility
The Thinking executive's guide to sustainability
The corporate responsibility code book
What corporate responsibility research can give to business know-how : values, strategies and practices
On the economics of corporate social responsibility
Supplier codes of conduct : acting responsibly in global supply chains
The concern that the democratic purposes of higher education, and its foundation as a public good is being undermined, together with the realization that existing structures are unsuited to addressing today's complex societal problems, and that our institutions are failing an increasingly diverse population, are all giving rise to questioning the current model of the university. This book presents the voices of a new generation of scholars, educators, and practitioners who are committed to civic renewal and the public purposes of higher education. They question existing policies, structures, and practices, and put forward new forms of engagement that can help to shape and transform higher education to align it with societal needs. The scholars featured in this book make the case for public scholarship and argue that, in order to strengthen the democratic purposes of higher education for a viable future that is relevant to the needs of a changing society, we must recognize and support new models of teaching and research, and the need for fundamental changes in the core practices, policies, and cultures of the academy. These scholars act on their values through collaboration, inclusiveness, participation, task sharing, and reciprocity in public problem solving. Central to their approach is an authentic respect for the expertise and experience that all stakeholders contribute to education, knowledge generation, and community building. This book offers a vision of the university as a part of an ecosystem of knowledge production, addressing public problems with the purpose of advancing a more inclusive, deliberative democracy; and explores the new paradigm for teaching, learning, and knowledge creation necessary to make it a reality.
Corporate Social Responsibility: A Case Study of BSCI Implementation at Best Friend Group Oy
Alko Inc.'s annual report and corporate social responsibility report
Facility Management and Organisational Well-being
The China business model : originality and limits
Sport-based corporate social responsibility in European professional football
Principles and practice of marketing
The ethical consumer
Legitimacy in the pluriverse : towards an expanded view on corporate-community relations in the global forestry industry
European forests and beyond, an ethical discourse
A question of trust : the impact of corporate social responsibility on Stora Enso's perceived image as an employer
Brand aid : shopping well to save the world
How to measure the unmeasurable : a study of strategic human resource management
Green business process management : towards the sustainable enterprise
The China Business Model: Originality and Limits emphasizes transformation of the Chinese Business Model over the last decades. The impact of the financial crisis on China helps the reader understand its evolution towards capitalism. Topics covered include CSR, leadership, and management in China, how do these organizations impact the performance of companies, the financing policy of Chinese firms and its evolution till the slowdown, finance and business in China, and how could the banking sector and/or the financial markets help the development of Chinese companies?
The Business of Bees provided the first integrated account of diminishing bee populations, as well as other pollinators, from an interdisciplinary perspective. It explores the role of corporate responsibility and governance as they relate to this critical issue and examines what the impact will be on consumers, companies, stock markets and ultimately on global society if bee populations continue to decline at a dangerous rate. The book considers the issue of global bee population decline from a variety of disciplines, collecting the perspectives of academics in accounting, science and humanities, with those of practitioners in the finance industry. The chapters explore the impact of the rapid declines in pollinator populations on the natural world, on corporations, on the stock market and on accounting. The Business of Bees will be essential reading for those in academia, business and finance sectors and anyone invested in the future of our planet.
Environmental protection and the social responsibility of firms : perspectives from law, economics, and business
The Impact of Corporate Social Responsibility on Consumer Behavior in The Restaurant Industry of Vaasa
Building supplier engagement with the sustainability agenda : case study
Psychology of sustainability : an applied perspective
Principles of responsible management : glocal sustainability, responsibility, and ethics
"When you shop with us, you are choosing beauty with heart" : constucting corporate and consumer identities in corporate social responsibility discourse
Handbook of environmental accounting
"The aim of this book is to enable students, educators and designers in the early stages of their careers to learn and practise design in a socially responsible manner. It responds to the rise of academic debate and teaching in the areas of social design, sustainable design, ethical design and design futures. Citizen Designers is a practically and pedagogically focused book, with each chapter addressing a particular area or issue within design practice and education, with an overview framing essay, interviews with practitioners and educators, and assignment briefs through which the reader can understand the process by which a brief is set, met and critiqued"--
A multi-stakeholder perspective on sustainable marketing : studying business-society relations through action research
"This book is devoted to applying the data, methods, and theories of contemporary social science to the question of how political outcomes in democratic societies determine the quality of life that citizens experience. Benjamin Radcliff seeks to provide an objective answer to the perennial debate between Left and Right over what public policies best contribute to human beings leading positive and rewarding lives. The book thus offers an empirical answer to this perpetual question, relying on the same canons of reason and evidence required of any other issue amenable to study through social-scientific means. The analysis focuses on the consequences of three specific political issues: the welfare state and the general size of government, labor organization, and state efforts to protect workers and consumers through economic regulation. The results indicate that in each instance, the program of the Left best contributes to citizens leading more satisfying lives, and, critically, that the benefits of greater happiness accrue to everyone in society, rich and poor alike"--
Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
Introducing liberation theology
Resource exploitation in the Arctic : incorrect diagnoses, misinterpretations  and wrong solutions – how to avoid these?
What is corporate citizenship from the corporate perspective? A content analysis of CSR reporting
Corporate social responsibility : reporting practices in Finland
Embedded sustainability : the next big competitive advantage
Managing public relations
Corporate social responsibility and sustainability are global issues. Many companies participate in the movement towards more sustainable operations and develop corporate social responsibility principles. The objective of this thesis was to find out what aspects have to be taken into consideration in order to manage corporate social responsibility successfully. Furthermore, it was examined how corporate social responsibility is man-aged in practice at Nanso Group Oy. Literature from different sources was gathered to form a theoretical framework. The case study method was used to gather information for the research part. At the beginning of the strategy formulation process central issues have to be selected. A company has to follow certain national and international laws when operating. Furthermore, the company has to be aware of certain risks and problems when producing abroad. Different stakeholders have to be taken into consideration when choosing the target areas for the strategy. The goals have to be defined and actions to reach the goals. Goals can be timeless or have a specific numeric goal. In addition to that, performance indicators have to be chosen in order to measure changes. Furthermore, it has to be decided how efforts regarding corporate social responsibility are communicated to company's stakeholders. According to theory, many aspects have to be taken into consideration in order to manage corporate social responsibility successfully. In practice, challenging in the corporate social responsibility strategy process was the phase where the strategy has to gain a foothold.  It had to get through to the employees with the goal that they incorporate it in their daily work. Furthermore, limited availability of resources sets challenges.
Civic empowerment in an age of corporate greed
Capitalism as if the world matters
Do organizations have feelings?
Business ethics
Making sustainability stick : the blueprint for successful implementation
Carrying out Corporate Social Initiative Actions : Case: VATES Foundation and Helsinki Cooperative Society Elanto (HOK-Elanto)
Social responsibility and justice
The sustainable workplaces : NOKIA & Lindström as a case study
The business of bees : an integrated approach to bee decline and corporate responsibility
Responsible pulp industry in Uruguay? : the role of corporate social responsibility in international development
Corporate social responsibility reporting and financial market performance : do investors care about CSR disclosures
Social responsibility in corporate communication : reporting practice in retail industry
The Impact of Corporate Social Responsibility Initiatives and Customer Centric Initiatives on Customers
Emerging Opportunities for NGO-Business Partnerships: Creating Partnerships for Igbo Women Forum in Nigeria
Restructuring work and employment in Europe : managing change in an era of globalisation
Analysis of sustainability at Maretarium Souvenir Shop in Kotka
Corporate social responsibility in Finnish furniture business : case study of Isku Group limited
International corporate social responsibility : the role of corporations in the economic order of the 21st century
A Host state regulatory right in Fair and Equitable Treatment (FET) in Bilateral Investment Treaties (BITs)
When it comes to perceptions of what is a sustainable economy and how it may be realised, companies expanding into Central and Eastern European markets face the challenge of diverse people, attitudes and history. Corporate Social Performance in Emerging Markets provides an effective tool for companies to help them engage in CSR activities and become a responsible company in CEE countries such as Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Croatia and Slovenia. It does this by enabling them to focus on the difference of stakeholders and their attitudes to those of Western Europe.The author, Zsofia Lakatos, provides a review of the major differences between the various CEE countries, supported by interview research from leading executives in some of the blue-chip companies already operating in the region.
Development-oriented corporate social responsibility. Volume 1. Multinational corporations and the global context
Business and its environment
The poverty and underdevelopment in a country like India calls for action. CSR, fueled by economic growth and public expectations, has the potential of becoming one of the driving forces behind development and in the longer perspective a way of achieving a sustainable society. However, this is not the only possible outcome. Although CSR seems to have a great potential to play a role in the development of society, there is no guarantee that it will actually do so. Not until firms realize the economic benefits from using CSR such as easier hiring and higher retention rates of their employees, we will see true CSR engagement. The interest in Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR), which recognizes that companies have obligations that extend beyond short-run profit maximization to include notions of social and environmental concern, has increased considerably in recent decades. The globalization of the world economy and the related trade liberalization has brought forward a discussion of the importance of business as an actor in the development of society. Due to the vast and diverse nature of previous researches in the area, the aim of this study was to gain a better understanding of how the concept of CSR is incorporated particularly in the operations of an info-tech company in India. In order to provide clarity to the issue, five interviews were procured from different IT companies all varying in size and scale of operation and all of them being located in New Delhi, India. Documentation and interviews were used as data collection methods for this thesis. The main finding of this study is that the evolving nature of CSR strategies in the Indian info-tech sector does have a positive attitude and would play an increasingly important role in developing and the upliftment of the weaker sections of the society in the near future. While at the same time the CSR agenda in India is on track to emerge as a more balanced and better integrated in terms of keeping in mind all the stakeholders point of view.
Global capitalism, culture, and ethics
For the Good of All : Integrating corporate social responsibility into the business strategy of small and medium sized enterprises in Finland: CASE: Oy Vallila Interior Ab
Corporate social resposibility as corporate governance tool : the practice by the business in Bulgaria
Corporate social performance in emerging markets : sustainable leadership in an interdependent world
The social dimension in corporate responsibility reporting of largest European food retailers
Offers readers a how-to guide for harnessing the power of exponential technologies, moonshot thinking, and crowd-powered tools to create wealth while also positively impacting the lives of billions.
Corporate responsibility
A new psychology for sustainability leadership : the hidden power of ecological worldviews
Tourism and sustainability : development and new tourism in the third world
Corporate social performance : creating shared value with non-governmental organisations
Museums and social inclusion : the GLLAM report
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
Corporate social responsibility in micro and small companies in southwest Finland : involvement, contribution and benefits
Managerial perceptions on corporate social responsibility : a transatlantic comparison between forest products companies in Europe and North America
Effect of business education on women and men student's attitudes on corporate responsibility in society
From corporate to social media : critical perspectives on corporate social responsibility in media and communication industries
This thesis aimed to find the opinion on CSR from people living in Finland  and India. Purpose and object of thesis was to support companies who are  interested to keep good relationship with public (Indian and Finnish) and also  to support students and academic researchers who want to know the current  trends of public opinion on CSR.  The meaning of CSR was determined by looking at the literature on CSR and  the role of different international institutions on CSR. The strategy, designing  and planning of empirical research was prepared. Research quality was  maintained by employing quantitative and qualitative research methods.  Research questions were compiled covering the whole field of CSR under  twelve groups for Part A and one open question for Part B in the  questionnaire.  Part A was covered by quantitative and Part B was covered by the qualitative  research method. The data collection frames, as well as methods followed in  survey interviews and how data collection was carried out, have been  explained. Data analysis was carried out using graphical analysis for  quantitative research and content analysis for qualitative research. The  credibility of empirical results was achieved and trust was gained by  conducting graphical and content analysis.  The empirical conclusion disclosed that people had different views on CSR in  Finland and India. Discussion about the topic was ended with the terms of  'sustainable-enterprise' and 'human social security'. Interesting future  research topics were considered to include the topics of how different  enterprises value the CSR and how it is matches with people's mind-set.  The result of this thesis extended the amount of voluntary and valuable  information to all kinds of enterprises to build up their good corporate  citizenship in the society. The results of this thesis also support  non-commercial sectors to find out whether CSR ideas and principles have  reached in a right way to the mind of the public or not and whether there is  need to any improvement or development in CSR ideas and principles.
Publicly engaged scholars : next generation engagement and the future of higher education
Accounting, the social and the political : classics, contemporary and beyond
The sustainable enterprise : profiting from best practice
Corporate social responsibility : charity or investment?
COMMUNITY-BASED CSR APPROACH : Case study of a forestry association in China
Beyond stakeholder dialogue: Corporate NGO-alliances : Developing dialogue with WWF finland
Patagonia, Inc. is one of the earth's most interesting and inspiring companies. For almost forty years, its reputation for high quality, maverick innovation, and long-term environmental responsibility has put it in a class by itself. And everything flows from Patagonia's founder, Yvon Chouinard, whose creation myth is now an American business legend. Here, Yvon Chouinard relates his and his company's story and the core philosophies that have sustained Patagonia, Inc. year in and year out. This is not another story of a successful businessman who manages on the side to do great good and have grand adventures; it's the story of a man who brought doing good and having grand adventures into the heart of his business model--and who enjoyed even more business success as a result.--From publisher description.
Corporate Social Responsibility Benchmarking in the Sporting Goods Industry
An introduction to human services
Integrating social concerns into private sector decisionmaking: A review of corporate practices in the mining, oil and gas sectors
Change everything : creating an economy for the common good
Business ethics : a case study approach
Reframing strategic corporate responsibility : from economic instrumentalism and stakeholder thinking to awareness and sustainable development
Diverging meanings of CSR and corporate responsibility for human rights : comparative study on Finnish firms and civil society organizations
Sustainable Marketing  : The Importance of Being a Sustainable Business
Zarathushtra and Corporate Social Responsibility
The goal of this thesis is to analyse the level of sustainability of one souvenir shop. The case company Maretarium is an aquarium located in Kotka, Southern Finland and beside Finnish fish; the aquarium offers customers also The Sea Shop, a souvenir shop filled with products of underwater life. Maretarium wants to follow trends and develop the shop in more a sustainable direction. Sustainable development is one of the main trends at this moment globally. This analysis presents the main aspects of sustainability and how sustainable development can be seen in souvenir business. One wide part of sustainability is Fair Trade and other green labels which encourage suppliers and retailers to pay attention to fair, ecologically and sustainably produced products. Use of recycled material is also one way to produce new products in a sustainable way. Additionally, consumer behaviour affects also retail trends and it has been researched that shopping souvenirs and buying other goods follow the same trends. Based on the analysis, the aim is to create a list of criteria to be fulfilled for sustainable souvenir shop. The analysis rests heavily on secondary data analysis. Secondary data is collected from the case company's suppliers. The souvenir shop and its level of sustainability are evaluated through its suppliers as it is one part of the aquarium's business operations. Based on the analysis, it can be concluded that The Sea Shop is quite sustainable even if there are still some areas of improvement needed to increase sustainability. The case company should choose carefully its suppliers and should encourage suppliers to embrace sustainable thinking. Therefore, based on the analysis, I propose ten main principles to implement sustain-ability in a souvenir shop which I will implement at my work as the employee of Maretarium.
[How do stock market investors react to the "social responsibility" : shareholder proposals? : the influence of legal and supervisiory changes]
Corporate social responsibility : a study of student attitudes : study of CSR in Helsinki School of Economics Mikkeli Business Campus
Corporate Social Responsibility: Approaches and Criticism
The phenomenon of corporate social responsibility from public opinion (Finland & India)
Critical aspects in Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) reporting for forest industries in global bioenergy markets : an expert survey within Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Framework
Corporate brand repositioning with CSR as the differentiating factor : a study on consumer perceptions
Corporate social responsibility
Responsible management in Asia : perspectives on CSR
New business models : sustainability as a main focus
Business and society : stakeholders, ethics, public policy
In recent years, corporations of all sizes and orientations have become more sensitive to social issues and stakeholder concerns, and they are collectively striving to become better corporate citizens (in some cases, urged on by shareholder pressure or government regulations). The best practices in corporate sustainability are no longer the exclusive domain of companies like Ben & Jerry's or Body Shop as they were a decade ago; now, large, multi-national companies like G.E. and Wal-Mart are leading the way with significant financial and organizational commitments to social and environmental issues. To help managers and academics keep their eye on the ever-moving target of sustainability, award-winning author and academic Marc Epstein's provides an authoritative and comprehensive guide to implementing corporate sustainability initiatives and to measuring both their social and financial impacts.
Letter from the editor in chief: Yrityksen yhteiskunnallinen vastuu
Let my people go surfing : the education of a reluctant businessman
Making sustainability work : best practices in managing and measuring corporate social, environmental and economic impacts
Inspiring elite action for a more just society? : media framing of elite social responsibility in an unequal, unconsolidated democracy : a case study from Namibia
Profits with principles : seven strategies for delivering value with values
Corporate social responsibility : a business strategy
Readings in Business Responsibility
CSR in the Finnish banking industry
Abstract in English.
Managing corporate social responsibility
℗Social Innovation is becoming an increasingly important topic in our global society. Those organizations which are able to develop business solutions to the most urgent social and ecological challenges will be the leading companies of tomorrow. Social Innovation not only creates value for society but will be a key driver for business success. Although the concept of Social Innovation is discussed globally the meaning and its impact on the development of new business strategies is still heavily on debate. This publication has the goal to give a comprehensive overview of different concepts in t.
Global citizens : how our vision of the world is outdated, and what we can do about it
Business and society : a managerial approach
Corporate social responsibility as a gateway to sustainable development in Nigeria
Consumption and everyday life
Tourism student's appreciations, values and expectations of their dream job : case: Helsinki Expert
Click here for our responsibility : how do Finnish MNCs communicate their CSR on corporate websites?
The application of the SMETA audit protocol on the management of the CSR of Peruvian companies : a case study of standardization via SMETA in manufacturing companies
Bold is a radical how-to guide for using exponential technologies, moonshot thinking, and crowd-powered tools to create extraordinary wealth while also positively impacting the lives of billions. A follow-up to the authors' Abundance (2012).
Strategic corporate responsibility orientation for sustainable global health governance : pharmaceutical value co-protection in transitioning economies
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
The A to Z of corporate social responsibility
Something good for everyone? investigation of three corporate responsibility approaches
This Discussion Paper critically examines local governance in the Niger Delta and its relevance to the search for inclusive and sustainable conflict-resolution in the oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria. It critiques the existing local government system and explores the possibility of reconceptualising local governance along more inclusive, accountable and participatory lines that would institutionalise democracy, development and peace at the grassroots or community level in the troubled oil-rich region. Its originality lies in its departure from top-down perspectives, and its refocusing of attention on the oft-neglected local sites of conflict and under development. The paper will appeal to scholars, policy actors and development planners with a particular interest in developments at the African grassroots level.
The political economy of human happiness : how voters' choices determine the quality of life
Using corporate social responsibility to enhance value.
Corporate social responsibility comparison of small-medium enterprises in Finland and Pakistan : CSR defining, practicing and implementing case study
Sustainability strategies : when does it pay to be green?
"We are not green, but I know we are getting greener" : constructions of environmental management : a frame analysis on corporate environmental and sustainability reports
The ethical organisation
Responsible leadership : proceedings of the Corporate Responsibility Research (CRR) 2009 Conference
The sustainable MBA : a business guide to sustainability
Branded responsibility : exploring strategic CSR in product branding - a dyadic case study from paper industry
A way of seeing corporate sustainability reporting
Corporate social responsibility as an intergovernmental policy agenda : public policy developments and challenges at the European Union level
Occupational safety and health aspects of corporate social responsibility
"A thought-provoking investigation of an urgent issue facing American communities today, Edward C. Lorenz's book examines the intersection of corporate irresponsibility and civic engagement. At the heart of this case study is a group of firms responsible for seven of the most contaminated Superfund sites in the United States, the largest food contamination accident in U.S. history, stunning stock and financial manipulations, and a massive shift of jobs offshore. In the face of these egregious environmental, employee, and investor abuses, several communities impacted by these firms organized to confront and combat failures in corporate and bureaucratic leadership, winning notable victories over major financiers, lobbyists, and indifferent or ineffective government agencies. A critical analysis of public and private leadership, business and economic ethics, and civic life, this book concludes with a stirring blueprint for other communities facing similarly overwhelming opposition"--
Citizenship education at school in Europe
Capitalism at the crossroads : next generation business strategies for a post-crisis world
Integrating corporate responsibility into investor relations : sustainability report as a part of investor relations
Implementing corporate responsibility through internal communication on a global scale
The impact of corporate social responsibility initiative on sustainable livelihood capitals of cocoa farmers in Ghana : a case study of cocoa livelihood program in Ahafo Ano South District
Mapping the evolution and the purview of CSR strategies practiced in the information technology enterprise in India
Managing international business in China
Corporate social responsibility report : working for the region : summary in English
Analysing and developing corporate social responsibility in Merlin Entertainments Group and the Sea Life aquariums
Using sport for corporate social responsibility (CSR) in Finland
Access to medicines as a human right : implications for pharmaceutical industry responsibility
On heaven and Earth : Pope Francis on faith, family, and the church in the twenty-first century
Corporate social-responsibility and environmental management
The use of corporate responsibility data for business benefits : facilitating data collection, distribution and use with information systems and knowledge management principles
Voluntary CSR vs. mandatory CSR : the sound of employees
Including museums : perspectives on museums, galleries and social inclusion / written and edited by Jocelyn Dodd and Richard Sandell
PRINCIPLES OF RESPONSIBLE MANAGEMENT offers an international, scientifically sound, and strictly practice-related perspective. It is the first official textbook of the United Nations for the Principles for Responsible Management Education (PRME) academic network, and a reference book for companies of the United Nations Global Compact Initiative.
The "pay your taxes" debate : perspectives on corporate taxation and social responsibility in the Chilean mining industry
Use of the indicators of the global reporting initiative sustainability reporting guidelines by Finnish companies listed in the Finnish stock markets
Future of Value : how sustainability creates value through competitive differentiation
Green Solutions for Logistics Customers : Case Study: DHL
Corporate social responsibility disclosure practices in Vietnam : differences between English and Vietnamese versions of large listed companies
Stakeholder politics : social capital, sustainable development, and the corporation
Social justice isn't what you think it is
Corporate social responsibility and sports sponsorship
Social responsibility - methods, dilemmas and hopes
Corporate social responsibility in India
Extensively revised throughout, the second edition of this textbook provides a comprehensive account of how transnational corporations manage business in China.
Cage of free communication : versions of corporate responsibility in corporate communication and construction of political corporate responsibility
Hold paramount : the engineer's responsibility to society
