http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5601 social responsibility
social responsibility
Corporate Social Responsibility: Approaches and Criticism
A better world, Inc. : how companies profit by solving global problems ... where governments cannot
Corporate social responsibility reporting : case British American Tobacco Russia
Social responsibility - methods, dilemmas and hopes
abstract.
Fair Trade is arguably a contested brand in the market. There has been a debate to whether Fair Trade is really fair. Fair Trade claims to help producers in developing countries to compete fairly in the international market. The author commissioned an independent study on Fair Trade Roses. The main objective of the research was conducted to find out whether Fair Trade was actually helping producers in Kenya. The topic was triggered by the author's curiosity in Fair Trade. The Fair Trade Roses spurred the author's interest as it came from a developing country, Kenya which the author has ties to. The case study was based on Fair Trade Roses which are grown in Kenya, a developing country and how and if Fair Trade has helped the individuals involved. The thesis was a qualitative study and most of the secondary research data was collected from several literature and online sources. The primary data was collected through interviews; a flower farm field visit, and events related to Fair Trade attended by the author. The research and study took 10 months to gather information. The author discovered negative aspects to Fair Trade that question Fair Trade's authenticity. Its sale in Finland has been tremendous growth of corporations selling the product it is overall positive and helpful towards the socio-economic development of development communities.
Readings in Business Responsibility
Socially responsible investing
Do organizations have feelings?
From Social Responsibility to Environmental Responsibility - Changes in the Finnish Business Discourse from 1970 to 1995
In "Design for Services", Anna Meroni and Daniela Sangiorgi articulate what Design is doing and can do for services, and how this connects to existing fields of knowledge and practice. Designers previously saw their task as the conceptualisation, development and production of tangible objects. In the twenty-first century, a designer rarely 'designs something' but rather 'designs for something': in the case of this publication, for change, better experiences and better services. The authors reflect on this recent transformation in the practice, role and skills of designers, by organising their book into three main sections. The first section links "Design for Services" to existing models and studies on services and service innovation. Section two presents multiple service design projects to illustrate and clarify the issues, practices and theories that characterise the discipline today; using these case studies the authors propose a conceptual framework that maps and describes the role of designers in the service economy. The final section projects the discipline into the emerging paradigms of a new economy to initiate a reflection on its future development.
Positioning Stakeholder Theory within the Debate on Corporate Social Responsibility
Corporate social responsibility in India
Does social solidarity protect us from a heightened fear of risk?
Dove on fire : poems on peace, justice and ecology
Responsible companies or moral products? : the constitution of moral agency in/between organisations
Business in action
Does Luxury Indicate Sustainability? An Analysis of the Maldives
Corporate social responsibility reporting in large listed Vietnamese companies
Companies' collaboration with the young generation from corporate social responsibility perspective
Accounting, the social and the political : classics, contemporary and beyond
Changing corporate values : a guide to social and environmental policy and practice in Britain's top companies
Social responsibility
Law and corporate behaviour : integrating theories of regulation, enforcement, compliance and ethics
A multi-stakeholder perspective on sustainable marketing : studying business-society relations through action research
The effects of social screening on portfolio performance
Socially responsible investing during downturns : evidence from the U.S. and European markets 2000-2011
Responsibility
Not just for the sake of a report : enhancing corporate social responsibility reporting by involving stakeholders
Profits with principles : seven strategies for delivering value with values
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
Using corporate social responsibility to enhance value.
Creating trust in institutions in Russian forest localities
Integrating social concerns into private sector decisionmaking: A review of corporate practices in the mining, oil and gas sectors
Corporate Social Responsibility and the Values in Schwartz Value Theory : Case: Botnia Events
Corporate sovereignty : Law and government under capitalism
Songs for the unsung... : poems on unpoetic issues like war and want, and refugees
The A to Z of corporate social responsibility
Benefitting from corporate social responsibility reports : examining the practices among European financial institurions
The promotion of sustainable enterprises : sixth item on the agenda
Citizenship and the challenge of global education
The new world of business : ethics and free enterprise in the global 1990s
International business-society management : linking corporate responsibility and globalization
Future of Value : how sustainability creates value through competitive differentiation
Third-Party Assurance Practices of Corporate Social  Responsibility Reporting : experiences from Large  Finnish Listed Companies
Rethinking consumer behaviour for the well-being of all : reflections on individual consumer responsibility
Design for services
The discourse of business social responsibility - managerial talk about social responsibility in Finland
The social responsibility of the historian
Born again : a Finnish approach to corporate social responsibility
Cooperation and partnering with UNHCR covernmental, non covernmental and business organizations
Offers readers a how-to guide for harnessing the power of exponential technologies, moonshot thinking, and crowd-powered tools to create wealth while also positively impacting the lives of billions.
Statements of the world council of churchess on social questions : with a preface on the development of ecumenical sosial thinking
Corporate social responsibility
Socially Responsible Investing : Consumer Perspectives on Values and Investment Decision Making
Emerging Opportunities for NGO-Business Partnerships: Creating Partnerships for Igbo Women Forum in Nigeria
Social justice isn't what you think it is
Mapping responsibility : explorations in mind, law, myth, and culture
The social dimension in corporate responsibility reporting of largest European food retailers
Law and business: successful business contracting, corporate social responsibility and legal thinking
Students' Perceptions of Forest Industries Business Ethics - A Comparative Analysis of Finland and the USA
Management Models in Organizations and Problems of CSR Promotion: Lithuanian Case
Corporate social irresponsibility & electronic word of mouth : case Volkswagen emissions crisis
Compelling returns : a practical guide to socially responsible investing
The political economy of corporate responsibility in India
Corporate Responsibility Reporting on the Consumer Perspective : Case: Coca-Cola Company
Global perspectives on the ethics of corporate governance
Social welfare and social justice
Can corporate social responsibility (CSR) be recruited? : an insight to future employees' values and perceptions on attractive employers
Development of a social auditing management system to measure responsibility in a supply chain : Case Company: Pramia
The Impact of Corporate Social Responsibility on Financial Performance : Case: Airtel Ghana Limited
The performance of socially responsible investment funds
Television requires responsibility : international studies on the structural factors ensuring responsible television. Vol. 2
Stakeholder theory : the state of the art
The social sources of financial power : domestic legitimacy and international financial orders
Tourism as a socially sustainable tool for rural development - Case: Mutianyu village, China
The business solution to poverty : designing products and services for three billion new customers
How to measure the unmeasurable : a study of strategic human resource management
Environmental protection and the social responsibility of firms : perspectives from law, economics, and business
The communication of social and environmental performance to discharge stakeholder accountability : a case study of Talvivaara Mining Company Limited
Summary (s. v-xv).
Corporate responsibility
Shifting the conventional pharmaceutical marketing towards sustainable and socially responsible marketing : a critical analysis on Visanne® marketing initiatives vs. ISO 26000 guideline
Corporate Social Responsibility from Employ-ees’ Point of View in Radisson Blu Leeds: Training, Healthcare and Communication
The role of CSR in corporate culture : a case sudy of Chinese corporation
In 1984, R. Edward Freeman published his landmark book, Strategic Management: A Stakeholder Approach, a work that set the agenda for what we now call stakeholder theory. In the intervening years, the literature on stakeholder theory has become vast and diverse. This book examines this body of research and assesses its relevance for our understanding of modern business. Beginning with a discussion of the origins and development of stakeholder theory, it shows how this corpus of theory has influenced a variety of different fields, including strategic management, finance, accounting, management, marketing, law, health care, public policy, and environment. It also features in-depth discussions of two important areas that stakeholder theory has helped to shape and define: business ethics and corporate social responsibility. The book concludes by arguing that we should re-frame capitalism in the terms of stakeholder theory so that we come to see business as creating value for stakeholders.
Human rights, corporate complicity and disinvestment
Risk issues and crisis management : a casebook of best practice
The political economy of corporate responsibility in Brazil : social and environmental dimensions
Bold : how to go big, achieve success, and impact the world
Analysis of socio-economic impact of Konkola Copper Mine (KCM) on the mining community in Zambia : a case study of Chingola Town
Social responsibility and consumer buying behaviour
Do You Trust Your Boss? – A Jungian Analysis of Leadership Reliability in CSR
Human rights obligations of business : Beyond the corporate responsibilty to respect?
Sport clubs' health promotion activities for the surrounging communities : a comparative case study of Columbus Blue Jackets, HJK and Sotkamon Jymy
Social Accountancy (Accountability): Social Balance as a (no) Instrument of Ethic Corporative Action
Summary.
[How do stock market investors react to the "social responsibility" : shareholder proposals? : the influence of legal and supervisiory changes]
Using private regulation to protect human rights in global supply chains - how can consumers enforce compliance with human rights standanrds?
Corporate Social Responsibility Implementation by Vietnamese Enterprises : case: Vinamilk Corp. & Kinh Do Corp.
Sustainable development : the key to competitiveness CSR as an added value to Alstom's corporate performance
Trade-offs, rights and responsibilities in the business of microcredit : a case study from South Africa
Social innovation : solutions for a sustainable future
For business or the good of all? : a Finnish approach to corporate social responsibility
The engaged university : international perspectives on civic engagement
Understanding McDonald's Among the "World’s Most Ethical Companies"
Research handbook on corporate social responsibility in context
Handbook of the World Alliance for International Friendship through the Churches : covering the period from Chamby, 1935 to Larvik, 1938.
Developing a social responsibility framework for Hotel Yöpuu Jyväskylä
Letter from the editor in chief: Yrityksen yhteiskunnallinen vastuu
Communicating Corporate Social Responsibility – Brand management
New values, morality and strategic ethics
A theology for the social gospel
Corporate responsibility and regional development
Voices of solidarity : a story of Christian lay centres, academies and movements for social concern
Managerial beliefs concerning social responsibility of the firm : a trial to identify and understand entrepreneurs' and managers' social responsibility beliefs as discoursive phenomenon
Carrying out Corporate Social Initiative Actions : Case: VATES Foundation and Helsinki Cooperative Society Elanto (HOK-Elanto)
Corporate social responsibility : can markets control?
A CSR awareness program to enhance capacity building in good governance of multi-cultural employees and safe operations : good governance of multi-cultural safety : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140203)
Social issues in business
Fair trade roses & corporate social responsibility : Gimmick or genuine
Research paradigms of managerial work and business social responsibility : a trial to develope new perspective
Global business practices and human rights : new directions
The dynamics of corporate social responsibilities
Our genetic future : the science and ethics of genetic technology
Ethical aspects in active ownership
"The purpose of this book is to examine the theories and practice of how to control corporate behaviour through legal techniques. The principal theories examined are deterrence, (especially economic analysis), the findings of empirical research on responsive regulatory systems, and the findings of behavioural psychology research. Leading examples of the various approaches are given in order to illustrate the models: private enforcement of law through litigation in the USA, public enforcement of competition law by the European Commission, and the recent reform of policies on public enforcement of regulatory law in the United Kingdom. Noting that behavioural psychology has as yet had only limited application in legal and regulatory theory, the book then analyses various European regulatory structures where behavioural techniques can be seen or could be applied. The book concludes by proposing an holistic model for maximising compliance within large organisations, combining public regulatory and criminal controls with internal corporate systems and external influences by stakeholders, held together by a unified core of ethical principles."--Publisher description.
Organizational change, leadership and ethics : leading organizations towards sustainability
Corporate social responsibility : an approach to the positive effects for sustainable competitiveness in limited liability companies
Fair trade role in developing corporate social responsibility
Social perspectives on architecture and design
℗Social Innovation is becoming an increasingly important topic in our global society. Those organizations which are able to develop business solutions to the most urgent social and ecological challenges will be the leading companies of tomorrow. Social Innovation not only creates value for society but will be a key driver for business success. Although the concept of Social Innovation is discussed globally the meaning and its impact on the development of new business strategies is still heavily on debate. This publication has the goal to give a comprehensive overview of different concepts in t.
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Social marketing : doing well by doing good? a look into organizations? marketing communication campaigns on social issues in Finland
Essentials of strategic management
Business and society : ethics and stakeholder management
A Critical Review of Relations between Corporate Responsibility Research and Practice
Saving the world at work : what companies and individuals can do to go beyond making a profit to making difference
Hope for faith : a conversation
Corporate sustainability in Finnish paper industry : cases of Stora Enso and UPM-Kymmene
The concept of islamic economy as articulated in Sokoto : social justice and state responsibility
Corporate social responsibility in Indonesia : quixotic dream or confident expectation?
Problems of the value added statement
Social Responsibility as Displacement of Capitalism: Evidences from Banks in Brazil
Attitudes toward CSR : the attitudes of Finnish trade unions' representatives toward corporate social responsibility practices
Resisting ethics
Business, government, and society : a managerial perspective : text and cases
Handbook of research on marketing and corporate social responsibility
The sustainable enterprise : profiting from best practice
Socially Responsible Investing in ”High-Net-Worth” Asset Management Firms in Canada: An Exploratory Study
The Role of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) in the New Economy
Good guys : views on corporate social responsibility
