http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p560 communicative skills
communicative skills
Going into the real world : language learners' views on how foreign language teaching prepares them to use language in authentic situations
Dealing with people you can't stand : how to bring out the best in people at their worst
Mastering negotiations : key skills in ensuring profitable and successful negotiations
Digital media, youth, and credibility
Thanks for the feedback : the science and art of receiving feedback (even when it is off-base, unfair, poorly delivered, and frankly, you're not in the mood)
How to deal with people problems and problem people : jerks at work
Law of connection
Journalism in the age of the net : changing society, changing profession
Regulation, awareness, empowerment : young people and harmful media content in the digital age
People-to-people communication skills are as important in the world of computer systems as technical skills and business knowledge. This text amply covers all the important aspects of people-to-people communication which may be required at any time in information systems, systems analysis and business computing. It offers a practical approach to how to communicate with clients, customers, suppliers, peers and managers and, in general, an overview of the communication demands of business. This is a book aimed at anyone who has to deal with information systems as part of their everyday routine. It is clear and easy to understand and is perfect for the nonspecialist.
Successful presentation : Get brilliant results fast
Human communication disorders : an introduction
Professional communicative repertoires and trajectories of socialization into global working life
Towards dialogic teaching in science : challenging classroom realities through teacher education
The essential guide for buying from China's manufacturers : The 10 steps to success
Nonviolent communication : a language of life
Communications skills for project managers
Stand and deliver : the fine art of presentation
Abstract (1 s.).
The big fish experience : create memorable presentations that reel in your audience
Be on your best cultural behavior : how to avoid social and professional faux pas when dining, traveling, conversing and entertaining
Communication competence
This is a practical book on negotiation in all realms of life. The authors cover the steps in the negotiating process and describe the necessary interpersonal skills for effective negotiators. They look at the factors that cause negotiations to break down, what to do when that happens, and the ethical and moral dimensions of negotiation. Chapters 7-12 examine key areas of life in which negotiation takes place: interpersonal relations, the workplace, consumer settings, community relations, and international affairs. The book: contains practitioner interviews; provides readers with real-world examples; and, emphasizes throughout the day-to-day relevance of negotiating skills.
Life after television
Organizing relationships : traditional and emerging perspectives on workplace relationships
Develop your presentation skills
Win/Win : the art of synergistic communication
Planning, implementing and evaluating a social and communication skills course for riding instructors
How to argue : powerfully, persuasively, positively
Educating children with Velo-Cardio-Facial Syndrome : also known as 22q11.2 deletion syndrome and DiGeorge Syndrome
Pocket book of technical writing for engineers and scientists
A guide to teaching information literacy : 101 practical tips
The doctor's communication handbook
The essentials of power, influence, and persuation
Speaking as a leader : how to lead every time you speak : from board rooms to meeting rooms, from town halls to phone calls
Finland, cultural lone wolf
Communication in communities with people with autism
From one of Inc. magazine's "Coolest College Startups" - the revolutionary three-step method that will transform every presentation into an experience for the audience. Rid the world of bad presentations with: Engaging Content + Memorable and Simple Design + Powerful Delivery Together, these create an unforgettable experience for the audience, The Big Fish Experience. Big Fish Presentations spends every day making the incomprehensible compelling; the mundane interesting; and the complex simple. Whether it's a presentation about an idea, a product, a service, a business, or a cause, at its heart, it's a story. The Big Fish Experience will help you tell yours. Learn how to: captivate with the power of story, enticing visuals, and infectious enthusiasm; inspire with the perfect pitch, a strong message, and a call to action; engage with supreme skill and confidence - and achieve your purpose every time. In this practical, step-by-step guide, you'll find proven techniques and expert tips on new presentation tools; innovative ways to deliver your ideas; case studies of presentations, which you can emulate immediately; and ways to recover if things go wrong. Big Fish Presentations works with clients nationwide - from startups to Fortune 100 companies - to turn presentations into experiences by providing copy writing, presentation design, presentation training, and video production, using the latest, most innovative strategies.
The audience, the message, the speaker
Audiology and communication disorders : an overview
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
Contact, care, communicate : how interpersonal skills are the foundation of genuine customer service
Portfolio projects for soft skills
Communicativeness in English textbooks for Finnish upper secondary school : oral exercises in the ProFiles series
Culture communication skills : handbook for adult education
Guidelines for continuous professional development in patient counselling and communication skills
On neurogenic communication disorders : original short stories and case studies
Communication in everyday life : the basic course edition with public speaking
Pedagogies of media and information literacies
Communicating with children and their families : responding to need and protection
Whatever your job, you need to communicate with others, as even when your intentions are sound, the impact of a bad conversation can be highly destructive. If people in your work community form a negative opinion of you, they stop properly listening. Rob explains how and why your career success can depend so much on good communication at work. Each chapter is short and self-contained, focusing on a specific topic with clear steps for action and a key lesson. As in Blamestorming, there is a cast of characters placed in a variety of situations in which they experience conversations go wrong. Using five simple 'warning signs' to watch out for Rob explains how the characters could change the way they speak and listen in order to achieve a positive outcome.
The education of dual sensory impaired children : recognising and developing ability ; edited by David Etheridge
Interpersonal relationships : professional communication skills for nurses
Explaining communication : contemporary theories and exemplars
Communication : apprehension, avoidance, and effectiveness
Crucial conversations : tools for talking when stakes are high
Human to human: H2H : there is no B2B and B2C
Perfect presentations : a self-development programme : the essential guide to thinking and working smarter
What is your one sentence? : how to be heard in the age of short attention spans
Knowledge as a part of improving internal communication: a case study Nokia Oyj
Business communication : study guide
Interpersonal communication : relating to others
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
Leadership : a communication perspective
Good practice : communication skills in English for the medical practitioner : student's book
Communication and interpersonal skills in social work
Digital and analog communication systems
Great answers to tough questions at work
Reporting results : a practical guide for engineers and scientists
Dynamic presentations
Negotiation strategies and skills in international business : a study of negotiators in Finland
Change your business with NLP : powerful tools to improve your organisation's performance and get results
The hidden rules of successful negotiation and communication : getting to yes!
Successful time management : Get more out of your day
Communicative competence : theory and classroom practice : texts and contexts in second language learning
Persuasion : reception and responsibility
Teaching oral skills to sixth graders : a case study
Selling in today's economy : applying laws of physics and performance art to gain the cutting edge
CEF-based competence profiles : language and communication needs survey for teaching business students
Mining in the Chatkal valley : lack of dialogue and poor governance resulting in local resistance - policy brief
Once upon a time : using story-based activities to develop breakthrough communication skills
Atlas of neuroanatomy for communication science and disorders
The adjustment of Finnish expatriates in Britain with special reference to communicative comperence : a case study
Handbook of research on new literacies
A handbook of communication skills
Concordance : developing patient-centred practice in community pharmacies
Negotiation : communication for diverse settings
Special needs : ADHD and communication difficulties
Small message, big impact : the elevator speech effect
Interpersonal communication competence and collaborative interaction in SME internationalization
A guide to customer service skills for the service desk professional
Interpersonal messages : communication and relationship skills
We make the future : communication camps and know-how-talkoot
The time trap : the classic book on time management
Could you repeat the question?! A case study on intercultural communication between European secondary schools
Communication skills for working with children and young people : introducing social pedagogy
Encouraging speaking skills in the English language classroom : teaching material for a communication course
The presentation coach : bare knuckle brilliance for every presenter
Body language for management in a week
How to write & illustrate a scientific paper
Communicate!
"The Handbook of Communication Skills" is recognised as one of the core texts in the field of communication. This thoroughly revised and updated third edition arrives at a time of considerable growing interest in this area, with recent research showing the importance of communication skills for success in many walks of life. The book's core principle, that interpersonal communication can be conceptualised as a form of skilled activity, is examined in detail and a comprehensive transactional model of skilled communication presented, which takes into account current conceptual and research perspectives. This book provides a comprehensive analysis of research, theory and practice in the key skill areas of communication, such as non-verbal communication, persuasion, leadership, assertiveness, self-disclosure, listening and negotiation. Each chapter is written by a recognised authority in that particular specialism, among them world leaders in their particular fields. In the 10 years since the last edition, a large volume of research has been published and the text has been comprehensively updated by reviewing this wealth of data. In addition a new chapter on persuasion has been added - one of the areas of most rapid growth in social psychology and communication. "The Handbook of Communication Skills" represents the most significant single contribution to the literature in this domain. It will be of continued interest to researchers and students in psychology and communication, as well as in a variety of other contexts, from vocational courses in health, business and education, to many others such as nurses and social workers whose day-to-day work is dependent on effective interpersonal skills.
Public health nurses' perceptions : nurse-client interaction
Communication skills training for health professionals
This text provides a comprehensive treatment using multiple theoretical perspectives to understand and examine all workplace relationships. It helps readers broaden and enrich the ways they think about workplace relationships and their role in organizational processes.
Early grammatical development of a boy with Down syndrome using manual signs and spoken Finnish
Using evidence in scientific reasoning : exploring characteristics of middle school students ́argumentation
Skilled interpersonal communication : research, theory, and practice
Becoming a better listener
Negotiating in an international environment : eight perspectives for business practitioners
Why don't we listen better? : communicating & connecting in relationships
Effective personal communication skills for public relations
The gentle art of verbal self-defense at work
Communication skills for midwives : challenges in every day practice
Enrich your personal and work relationships with the art of compassionate communication. What if you could defuse tension and create accord in even the most volatile situations just by changing the way you speak? Over the past 35 years, Marshall Rosenberg has done just that, peacefully resolving conflicts in families, schools, businesses, and governments in 30 countries on 5 continents.
Finnish preclinical and clinical medical students as strategic L2 English learners : language learning strategies and communicating with patients
The financial professional's guide to communication : how to strengthen client relationships and build new ones
Women, work & the art of savoir faire : business sense & sensibility
Conflict management in long-distance intercultural relationships
Communication
Managerial competence within the hospitality and tourism service industries : global cultural contextual analysis
The art of explanation : making your ideas, products, and services easier to understand
Handbook of communication skills
The jelly effect : how to make your communication stick
Movement disorders in neurologic disease : effects on communication and swallowing
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
Making negotiations predictable : what science tells us?
Good communication skills are essential for effective social work practice. This book brings current, relevant and contested areas of social work practice to life by using scripts from real life situations to demonstrate every day scenarios social workers encounter when communicating with children and their families. Each chapter takes a key aspect of communication: engagement; negotiation; investigation; use of power and persistence and presents it in a context of good professional practice. It also examines the common pitfalls that workers could fall into and contextualises the script through comparison with a contemporary case study. Relevant theoretical frameworks, legislation, policy and ethical dilemmas are included for each situation. This engaging and innovative book gives social work students and professionals a thorough understanding of the best ways to communicate with children and their families in complex and challenging situations. The book also has relevance to other professionals such as those working in health, education, police and the voluntary sector. -- Publisher website.
Communicate to win
104 activities that build : self-esteem, teamwork, communition, anger management, self-discovery and coping skills
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating, sourcing and managing across cultures
The right time and pace : a microanalysis of cross-cultural gatekeeping interviews
ICT disparities in Finland : access and implications
Communicating in context : intercultural communication skills for ESL students
"Focusing on the anatomic concepts that speech-language pathology students must master, Atlas of Neuroanatomy for Communication Science and Disorders is a user-friendly guide to the neural basis of human communication and brain-based disorders. With this book, students will acquire a full understanding of the basic anatomy and physiology of human communication; the neural mechanisms controlling speech, language, cognition, and swallowing functions; the anatomic underpinnings of speech-language disorders of the nervous system and related communication impairments; and much more. Features an extraordinary, full-color visual library of labeled anatomic illustrations, from Thieme's world-renowned Atlas of Anatomy Series"--Provided by publisher.
Time management for dummies
Communicating with competency
Counseling skills for speech-language pathologists and audiologists
Gestural communication in deaf children : the effects and noneffects of parental input on early language development
Communication and interpersonal skills
Influence without authority
Captivology : the science of capturing people's attention
Real leaders don't do PowerPoint : how to speak so people listen
Communication skills for nursing practice
Changing the sales conversation : connect, collaborate, close
The nurses's guide to better communication
Louder than words : take your career from average to exceptional with the hidden power of nonverbal intelligence
10 simple secrets of the world's greatest business communicators
Language variation in foreign language teaching : on the road to communicative competence
Persuade : using the seven drivers of motivation to master influence and persuasion
Speak and grow rich
Listen. Write. Present. : the elements for communicating science and technology
Strengthening media literacy : know-how-talkoot as a pedagogic model
Literacy theory in the age of the internet
Competence in communicating is vital to health, relationships, and all collective human endeavors. This volume brings together international scholars to examine the various facets of communication competence, including its history as an organizing concept, its essential components, and its application in interpersonal, group, institutional, and societal contexts.
Putting stories to work : mastering business storytelling
"Going beyond handling nerves and presenting PowerPoint slides, Develop Your Presentation Skills, 3rd edition, provides you with a practical toolkit for developing a belting presentation and improving your confidence along the way. Step-by-step advice includes practical help with unpicking the original brief, understanding just what the audience wants and constructing compelling content that will keep your audience rapt with attention. Complete with anecdotes and expert input to help you avoid disaster, this new edition includes two brand new chapters, helping you to deliver a presentation 'stripped bare' and how to use new media to engage with your audience. Develop Your Presentation Skills, 3rd edition, will help you find your voice and use it with style; to inform, to persuade, to impress. With over one million copies sold, the hugely popular Creating Success series covers a wide variety of topic, with the latest editions including new chapters such as Tough Conversations and Treating People Right. This indispensable business skills collection is suited to a variety of roles, from someone looking to develop their time management skills for a society committee role, to someone with a business idea looking to build a strategic plan"--
Ideas & issues
Management skills for everyday life : the practical coach
Communication training and development
Effective presentations for health care professionals
Applied conversation analysis : intervention and change in institutional talk
Giving presentations : expert solutions to everyday challenges
Disorders of communication : the science of intervention
Reflections on EFL proficiency requirements in the business context : towards bilingualism in professional education in Finland
Every day we negotiate, whether in private or professional life. Discover the secrets of successful negotiation and learn successful negotiation techniques from a book packed with expert tips and practical examples! Discern what motivations lie behind the actions of your negotiating partners and learn how to prepare yourself optimally, keep a cool head in difficult situations and successfully implement the lessons of negotiation psychology! This modern counselor provides insights into economic, psychological and social aspects of negotiations in an innovative and easy -to-read manner. He turns gray theory into colorful reading. Dr. Sandra Maria Gronewald, journalist and presenter for ZDF In this compact and easy to understand book you will find many beneficial observations and educational experiences. Prof. Dr. Dr. h.c. Bert Rürup , former Chairman of the German Council of Economic Experts This book is an indispensable guide for anyone who wants to make communication more successful. Prof. Dr. Burkhard Schwenker, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the consulting firm Roland Berger Strategy Consultants This book contains case studies for effective practice that explain what is most important in negotiations. Stefan Dräger, Chairman of Dräger Verwaltungs AG In this compact and easy-to-read book, the author illustrates how negotiations can be made more successful. Carsten Cramer, Director of Marketing and Authorized Signatory of Borussia Dortmund GmbH & Co. KgaA A valuable and important book for everyone who needs to communicate easily and to negotiate successfully. Dr. Dietmar Otti, Managing Director of Marketing at Axel Springer Media Impact
Educational technology: opportunities and challenges
Good Practice : communication skills in English for the medical practitioner : teacher ́s book
Leadership in a deliberative perspective
Making social worlds : a communication perspective
How to manage meetings : improve problem solving, encourage participation, keep control
Introverted leader : building on your quiet strength
Presentations in action : 80 memorable presentation lessons from the masters
Yes! : 50 scientifically proven ways to be persuasive
Can you reach the salt? : Pragmatikkens klassiske tekster
Global business : planning for sales and negotiations
Critical thinking : selected topics for discussion and analysis
The lost art of listening : how learning to listen can improve relationships
Messages : the communication skills book
Workstorming : why conversations at work go wrong and how to fix them
The anatomy of peace : resolving the heart of conflict
Deaf children in communication
Technical communication : a reader-centered approach
The art of presentation : your competitive edge
Questions of communication : a practical introduction to theory
Teaching networking : an interpersonal communication competence perspective
In mixed company : small group communication
Own the room : business presentations that persuade, engage & get results
Interactions with a young man with Down syndrome unsing augmentative communication alongside speech
A study on the promotion of adults' oral English communication and teacher development in liberal and tertiary education
Communication skills for information systems
Working together : succeeding in a multicultural organization
Requesting in social interaction
Information processing in global virtual NPD projects
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
Engaging theories in family communication : multiple perspectives
Say it with presentations : how to design and deliver successful business presentations
What to consider when coaching children in the age of 7 to 17 : - a practical guidebook
How to develop communication skills using drama techniques
Speak from the heart : be yourself and get results
The usage of social media among young adults living in Nairobi, Kenya : only entertainment or contributions to societal change?
English in internal company communication : the employees' views, attitudes and competences
Developing and assessing intercultural communicative competence : a guide for language teachers and teacher educators
Workplace communication : process and product
Interpersonal communication in nursing : theory and practice
Talk like a winner! : 21 simple rules for achieving everyday communication success
Phone genius : the art of non-visual communication
Negotiation : closing deals, settling disputes, and making team decisions
