http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5611 amusements
amusements
An introduction to the entertainment industry
Toward the end of the fifteenth century, Spanish Christians near the border of Castile and Muslim-ruled Granada held complex views about religious tolerance. People living in frontier cities bore much of the cost of war against Granada and faced the greatest risk of retaliation, but had to reconcile an ideology of holy war with the genuine admiration many felt for individual members of other religious groups. After a century of near-continuous truces, a series of political transformations in Castile - including those brought about by the civil wars of Enrique IV's reign, the final war with Granada, and Fernando and Isabel's efforts to reestablish royal authority - incited a broad reaction against religious minorities. As Thomas Devaney shows, this active hostility was triggered by public spectacles that emphasized the foreignness of Muslims, Jews, and recent converts to Christianity. Enemies in the Plaza traces the changing attitudes toward religious minorities as manifested in public spectacles ranging from knightly tournaments, to religious processions, to popular festivals. Drawing on contemporary chronicles and municipal records as well as literary and architectural evidence, Devaney explores how public pageantry originally served to dissipate the anxieties fostered by the give-and-take of frontier culture and how this tradition of pageantry ultimately contributed to the rejection of these compromises. Through vivid depictions of frontier personalities, cities, and performances, Enemies in the Plaza provides an account of how public spectacle served to negotiate and articulate the boundaries between communities as well as to help Castilian nobles transform the frontier's religious ambivalence into holy war.
Art and power : Renaissance festivals 1450-1650
Passporter's Walt Disney World 2012 : the unique travel guide, planner, organizer, journal and keepsake
Meaningful play, playful meaning
Fantasy city : pleasure and profit in the postmodern metropolis
Victorian London : the life of a city 1840-1870
Party Across America! : 101 of the greatest festivals, sporting events, and celebrations in the U.S
Commercial recreation & tourism : an introduction to business oriented recreation
Funfair of fear
Fairs and revels
The leisure industries
Vauxhall Gardens : a history
Disneyland Paris and Paris attractions. 2010/11
Pleasures and pastimes in Medieval England
The unofficial guide to Disneyland Paris
Shopping as an entertainment experience
Alcohol use among international students in Lapland
The impressionists at leisure
Culture shock! : Belgium
The Unofficial guide to Disneyland 2017
England's revelry : a history of popular sports and pastimes, 1660-1830
The French Riviera : a cultural history
Savvy chic : the art of more for less
The Roman games : a sourcebook
The technology of pleasure = Tawamure no tekunorojī
Making bentwood : trellises, arbors, gates & fences
The student boiler suit and Long John drinking : dressing and undressing on the journey towards authenticity
Yesterday's country customs : a history of traditional English folklore
The cockfight : a casebook
Building Great Sheds : Greative ideas for simple structures
Unbored : the essential field guide to serious fun
Fools and jesters at the English court
501 days out for kids in the UK & Ireland
Animals for show and pleasure in ancient Rome
How to build outdoor structures
Karaoke : the global phenomenon
Abstract: Going dancing from the male point of view as analysed using Nelson's occupational mode.
Roland Auguet examines the Roman taste for blood and considers what the games, that strange combination of Cruelty and Civilization, reveal about the Roman mentality. He shows how the great spectacles became a part of city life - they were awaited with impatience, everyone discussed them, some applauded the action in the arena, while others booed frantically. This book provides an exciting history of gladiators, chariot racing and other games as well as an investigation of their function and significance within society. It is essential reading for anyone who is interested in the Romans' violent form of entertainment.
Work and play on the Shakespearean stage
Ghost rescue and the gloomy chost train
Culture Shock! : Scotland
Entertainment and society : influences, impacts, and innovations
Pre-modern games in a modern world : a case of public festivals as rational recreation in 19th century Finland
"More than mere amusement" : working-class women's leisure in England, 1750-1914
The entertainment industry : an introduction
A little bit of trouble
Fools' tools and carnivals : interpreting the world through inversion and misrule in early modern England
The presentations in the theater, gladiatorial combats, chariot races in the circus, animal hunts, triumphal processions, and other public entertainments of early imperial Rome served as tangible expressions of Roman ideology and power. This engagingly written book describes these lavish spectacles, traces their evolution under Rome's political masters from Caesar to Nero, and discusses their social and political significance. Drawing on primary accounts of ancient historians as well as on archaeological evidence, Richard C. Beacham examines the stagecraft of Roman statecraft, providing illuminating accounts of such episodes as the intensely theatrical rivalry of Caesar and Pompey, Augustus's performance in what the Princeps himself called the "mime of life," and the demented antics of Caligula. He shows how Roman politicians and emperors created awesome spectacles of mass appeal in a potent exercise of demagoguery. He argues that the Roman people in turn jealously guarded their right to be entertained, regarding the theater, circus, and arena as political venues in which to demonstrate their power and vent their opinions.
Trouble on thunder mountain
Enemies in the plaza : urban spectacle and the end of Spanish frontier culture, 1460-1492
Walt Disney World Resort & Orlando
Entertainment & society : audiences, trends, and impacts
Snow Fright and the seven skeletons
White knuckle ride : the illustrated guide to the world's biggest and best roller coaster and thrill rides
Päivä Linnanmäellä = A day at Linnanmäki
"The Book of Sports" was the royal declaration which sanctioned popular participation in traditional pastimes after church attendance on Sunday. This book takes a fresh look at the events surrounding the re-publication of the "Book of Sports" in 1633 and reassesses the role of Charles I himself in the controversy.
Walt Disney World for kids
Little Mole and the bears
The Hidden Magic of Walt Disney World : Over 600 Secrets of the Magic Kingdom, Epcot, Disney's Hollywood Studios, and Animal Kingdom
La Fête de l'hiver en images = Take the Chill out of Winter
Fabricating pleasure : fashion, entertainment, and cultural consumption in Germany, 1780-1830
Tallinners at leisure
The Colosseum
Cruelty and civilization : the Roman games
How to unplug your child : 101 ways to help your kids turn off their gadgets and enjoy real life
The city as an entertainment machine
Fund-raising entertainments in rural Finland during the nineteenth century
Roller coasters
Treehouses : the art and craft of living out on a limb
Culture Shock! : Switzerland
From their early beginnings in the Restoration until the final closure in Queen Victoria's reign, Vauxhall Gardens developed from a rural tavern and place of assignation into a dream-world filled with visual arts and music, and finally into a commercial site of mass entertainment. This book provides the history of the gardens.
Greek whisky : the localization of a global commodity
Follies and pleasure pavilions
A Coney Island reader : through dizzy gates of illusion
Models and mirrors : towards an anthropology of public events
Walt Disney World for kids : the official guide
The treehouse book
Ben Le Vay's eccentric London : a practical guide to a curious city
Theme park
Impressionism : art, leisure, and Parisian society
Essential Disneyland Resort Paris
Leisurely Islam : negotiating geography and morality in Shi'ite South Beirut
Spectacle entertainments of early imperial Rome
Rollercoaster!
Urban tourism : the visitor economy and the growth of large cities
Fun park party : Wii
Walt Disney World : expert advice from the inside source
The Pontipines' picnic
Peepshows : a visual history
Sport, time, and society : the British at play
The Colosseum was Imperial Rome's monument to warfare. Like a cathedral of death it towered over the city and invited its citizens, 50,000 at a time, to watch murderous gladiatorial games. It is now visited by two million visitors a year (Hitler was among them). Award winning classicist, Mary Beard with Keith Hopkins, tell the story of Rome's greatest arena: how it was built; the gladiatorial and other games that were held there; the training of the gladiators; the audiences who revelled in the games, the emperors who staged them and the critics. And the strange after story - the Colosseum has been fort, store, church, and glue factory.
Leisure, sport and working-class cultures : theory and history
Festivals around the world
Waiting for the weekend
Entertainment and violence in ancient Rome : the attitudes of Roman writers of the first century A.D
Udal' molodeckaâ = The daring of man
Event tourism : concepts, international case studies, and research
Eye tricks : incredible 3d stereograms
Cities in the ancient world relied on private generosity to provide many basic amenities, as well as expecting leading citizens to pay for 'bread and circuses' - free food and public entertainment. This collection of essays by leading scholars from the UK and USA explores the important phenomenon of benefaction and public patronage in Roman Italy. Ranging from the late republican period to the later Roman Empire, the contributions cover a wide range of topics, including the impact of benefactions and benefactors on the urban development of Roman Italy, on cultural and economic activity, and on the changing role of games and festivals in Roman society. They also explore the relationship between communities and their benefactors, whether these were local notables, senators, or the emperor himself, and examine how the nature of benefaction changed under the Empire.
Cruelty and civilization: the Roman games
Culture shock! : Egypt
The electric Michelangelo
Heads, you lose!
Disneyland resort Paris
Event entertainment and production
Garden transformations : designer secrets and tricks of the trade
The pirates' picnic
Riot and revelry in early America
Monster blood for breakfast!
Chic with cheek at the Moulin Rouge
Kämp : the hotel and its city
Culture shock! : Syria
Seaside fashions 1860-1939 : a study of clothes worn in or beside the sea
The daring book for girls
Down below : aboard the world's classic yachts
Gender and folklore : perspectives on Finnish and Karelian culture
Roman passions : a history of pleasure in Imperial Rome
Changes in local communities : the cultural geography of Finnish open-air dance pavilions
The art of the festival : as exemplified by the fiesta to the patroness of Otuzco: la Virgen de la Puerta
A theory of fun for game design
Chariot racing in the Roman Empire
Daily life in ancient Mesopotamia
Spectacles of death in ancient Rome
The unofficial guide to Walt Disney World with kids. 2016
The Deck book : Inspirational design ideas
Sin city : London in pursuit of pleasure
Japanese civilization in the modern world XI : amusement
Vammala vapaalla = Vammala at leisure
Only entertainment
Särkänniemi : the biggest and most beautiful holiday resort in Finland
Ben Le Vay's eccentric Britain : a practical guide to a curious country
Gargoylz have fun at the fair
Drinking the waters : creating an American leisure class at nineteenth-century mineral springs
Gazebos and other garden structure designs
By night : featuring the guys
For fun and profit : the transformation of leisure into consumption
The Castlemaine murders
Dr Maniac vs Robby Schwartz
Bread and circuses : euergetism and municipal patronage in Roman Italy
The devil's book : Charles I, the book of sports and Puritanism in Tudor and early Stuart England
Dansk folkemuseum & Frilandsmuseet : history & activities. Axel Steensberg in honour of his 60th birthday, 1st June 1966.
Dimensions of the hospitality industry
Don't even think about it! : 101dangerous things not to do before you grow old
