http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5613 retailers
retailers retailer dealers
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
Fashion merchandising : principles and practice
Tradition and innovation in English retailing, 1700 to 1850
Neighborhood shopkeepers in contemporary South Korea : household, work, and locality
Retailing : critical concepts. Vol. 3, part 1, Retail practices and operations
Family entrepreneurship in a retail chain : the grocer's household-enterprise complex
Retail internationalization in china : expansion of foreign retailers
Buyer power and competition policy in food supply chains has emerged as an important economic issue and a highly sensitive item on the policy agenda around the world. In Finland, the increasing concentration of the distribution sector and processing industry has raised concern over the existence and gradual growth of buyer power in these sectors. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the possible existence of buyer power in the Finnish food supply chain. More specifically, we follow an approach used by Lloyd et al. (2009) to measure oligopsony power among the Finnish food industry and retailers against farmers. The results suggest that the spread between producer and retailer prices in Finland is not consistent with perfectly competitive behaviour, and might thus be caused, at least as a candidate amongst other factors, by the existence of oligopsony power in the Finnish food supply chain.
"This volume brings together research on retailing and shopping and their embeddedness in urban space, themes that have attracted wide interest in recent decades. Addressing these themes over an era that bridges the early modern and modern period, the authors argue that the 'modernity' of the nineteenth century is often overemphasised, at the expense of recognising the continuities with the earlier period and the degree of innovation that took place before the onset of 'modernity'. This collection compares long-term developments in retail locations, retailing formats, regulation of shopping streets, and the cult of shopping for pleasure across a number of neighbouring countries and regions (Britain, France, Germany, Belgium and The Netherlands), and offers surprising new insights into the processes of cultural transfer, appropriation and exchange. "--
Empirical “first-filter” test for the existence of buyer power in the Finnish food supply chain
Three decades of research into retailing in England from the seventeenth to nineteenth centuries has established a seemingly clear narrative: fixed shops were widespread from an early date; 'modern' methods of retailing were common from at least the early eighteenth century; shopping was a skilled activity throughout the period; and consumers were increasingly part of - and aware of being part of - a polite and fashionable culture. All of this is true, but is it the only narrative? Research has shown that markets were still important well into the nineteenth century and small scale producer-retailers co-existed with modern warehouses. Many shops were not smart. The development of modern retailing therefore was a fractured and fragmented process. This book presents a reassessment of the standard view by challenging the usefulness of concepts like 'traditional' and 'modern', examining consumption and retailing as inextricably linked aspects of a single process, and by using the idea of narrative to discuss the roles and perceptions of the various actors in this process - such as retailers, shoppers/consumers, local authorities and commentators. The book is therefore structured around some of these competing narratives in order to provide a richer and more varied picture of consumption and retailing in provincial England.
Group buying customer satisfaction survey - a quantitative research study based on Chinese customers’ perspectives
Grocers: the rise and rise of supermarket chains
Russian market survey for Kotivara Oy : Saint Petersburg retailers and cold-smoked sausage market
Creating a power retailer
Abstract.
Retail therapy : making strategic relationships work
The market makers : how retailers are reshaping the global economy
Customer involvement in retail business : a case study in a grocery store context
