http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5617 propaganda
propaganda
The Third Reich : politics and propaganda
The first World War
Age of propaganda : the everyday use and abuse of persuasion
The language of the Third Reich : LTI - Lingua Tertii Imperii, a philologist's notebook
Persuasion and Soviet politics
The first in-depth, authoritative discussion of the role of the press in China and the way the Chinese government uses the media to shape public opinion. China's 1.3 billion people may make the country the world's largest, but the vast majority of Chinese share remarkably similar views on these and a wide array of other issues, thanks to the unified message they get from tightly controlled state-run media. Official views are formed at the top in organisations like the Xinhua News Agency and China Central Television and allowed to trickle down to regional and local media, giving the appearance of many voices with a single message that is reinforced at every level. As a result, the Chinese are remarkably like-minded on a wide range of issues, both domestic and foreign. This work takes readers beyond China's economic miracle to show how the nation's massive state-run media-complex not only influences public opinion but creates it. It explores an array of issues, from Tibet and Taiwan to the environment and U.S. trade relations, as seen through the lens of the Xinhua News Agency. It also tells the story of the official Xinhua News Agency, along with its history and reporting over the years, as the foundation for telling the story.
Not only was Waterloo one of the most decisive battles ever fought, it was also a crucial event in European history, ending over 20 years of conflict and bringing to his knees one of Europe's most challenging figures - Napoleon Bonaparte.0Accompanying a major British Museum exhibition to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of Waterloo, this intriguing book shows through contemporary prints how Bonaparte was seen from across the English Channel, where hostile propaganda was tempered by admiration for his military and administrative talents. With stunning illustrations showing the intricately detailed prints in full colour this book brings to life a key period in European history.00Exhibition: British Museum, London, U.K. (05.02-31.08.2015).
Electronic reproduction of wartime posters selected from the collections of the Imperial War Museums.
Radio goes to war : the cultural politics of propaganda during World War II
Graphis social & political protest posters
Giving a lesson in history : Soviet attempts to manipulate Estonian émigré communities
Brave new world
Burning the Reichstag : an investigation into the Third Reich's enduring mystery
War and the media : reportage and propaganda, 1900-2003
[Film from the collections of the Imperial War Museums]
The Soviet photobook 1920-1941 = / Das Sowjetische Photpbuch 1920-1941 = Le livre de photographe Soviétique 1920-1941
Two sides of the coin : trust building as positive propaganda in the Finnish and French euro campaign
One of the least understood countries in the world, North Korea has long been known for its repressive regime. Yet it is far from being an impenetrable black box. Media flows covertly into the country, and fault lines are appearing in the government's sealed informational borders. Drawing on deeply personal interviews with North Korean defectors from all walks of life, ranging from propaganda artists to diplomats, Jieun Baek tells the story of North Korea's information underground--the network of citizens who take extraordinary risks by circulating illicit content such as foreign films, television shows, soap operas, books, and encyclopedias. By fostering an awareness of life outside North Korea and enhancing cultural knowledge, the materials these citizens disseminate are affecting the social and political consciousness of a people, as well as their everyday lives. -- Website.
Mass Communications as a Vehicle to Lure Russian Émigrés Homeward
World War I and propaganda
"Victor Klemperer (1881-1960) was Professor of French Literature at Dresden University. As a Jew, he was removed from his university post in 1935, only surviving thanks to his marriage to an Aryan. From 1933 to 1935 Klemperer kept detailed diaries, which contain in note form some of the raw material for the German edition of LTI: Lingua Tertii Imperii. First published in 1957, The Language of the Third Reich arose from Klemperer's conviction that the language of the Third Reich helped to create its culture. As Klemperer writes: 'It isn't only Nazi actions that have to vanish, but also the Nazi cast of mind, the typical Nazi way of thinking, and its breeding ground: the language of Nazism.' This brilliant book is by turns entertaining and profound, saddening and horrifying. It is deservedly one of the great twentieth-century studies of language and its engagement with history. Translated by Dr Martin Brady"--
Studies the propagandistic and political features of five prominent series of frescoes originating in papal Rome in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries. Discusses the manipulation of historical events for propagandistic purposes, the importance of inscriptions in controlling interpretation, and the reactions of contemporary viewers.
"This edited volume explores the stunning diversity in behavior, outlook, and viewpoints at the grassroots level of society during the Mao Zedong era. Men had gay relationships in factory dormitories, teens penned searing complaints in diaries, mentally ill individuals in the Beijing suburbs cursed Mao, and farmers formed secret societies, founded new dynasties, and worshipped forbidden spirits. These diverse undercurrents were at least as mainstream in people's everyday lives as the ideas found in Mao's Little Red Book or People's Daily editorials. Bringing together senior scholars and up-and-coming researchers from China, Europe, North America, and Taiwan, the book draws on rare documents to challenge top-down historical narratives. Focusing on crime, labels, and punishment; mobilization; culture and communication; and discontent, the chapters reveal how people individually and collectively negotiated structures of power. Bringing readers stories of aggrieved schoolteachers in rural Hunan, Uyghur officials in Xinjiang, armed rebels on the southwest frontier, and disaffected youth in Tianjin, the volume sheds light on the traumas and unexpected turning points during China's years of high socialism, raising the question of whether 'Mao's China' ever existed at all"--Provided by publisher.
Scenes from an afterlife : the legacy of George Orwell
Posters of the Cold War
Techniques of persuasion : from propaganda to brainwashing
Our German policy : propaganda and culture
Germany and the war : not a defense but an explanation
Propaganda is all around us, used to promote a sense of common cause and belonging, change behaviour or influence ideas, as well as to mislead, deceive, even destroy. Perhaps the greatest and most sophisticated exponent of propaganda is the modern state. Using universal themes of conflict, public education, protest and leadership, this book, which accompanies a major new exhibition at the British Library, takes a close look at the range of propaganda used by different states - and their opponents. Over the last 100 years, increased literacy, multiplying media formats, methodologies and competing messengers have required ever greater effort to persuade and influence citizens, and the book's primary focus is the 20th and 21st centuries, taking a worldwide view. But it also puts propaganda into its historical context. Different strategies are highlighted - from appeals to hearts and minds, to dictat and the cult of personality, sloganeering and news management. Posters, books, films, stamps, cartoons, music, newspapers, statistics, games, social media and the web all feature. The book concludes with a look at how the explosion in social computing is influencing the way the state attempts to persuade and control its citizens.
War posters : weapons of mass communication
Munitions of the mind : a history of propaganda from the ancient world to the present era
Tourist brochures : a channel of political propaganda?
Nazi/soviet disinformation about the holocaust in nazi-occupied Latvia : Daugavas vanagi: who are they? revisited
On western terrorism : from Hiroshima to drone warfare
Media control : the spectacular achievements of propaganda
The fine art of propaganda
Selling apartheid : South Africa's global propaganda war
The illusion of victory : fascist propaganda and the second World War
Red One. 1, Welcome to America
1968, forty years after
Free thought and official propaganda
Propaganda in war 1935-1945 : organisations, policies and publics in Britain and Germany
Chinese propaganda painting in the Mao Zedong Era and its contemporary impact
Newspeak in the 21st century
Dictatorship and festivals
Propaganda and international relations
Russian revolutionary posters : from civil war to socialist realism, from bolshevism to the end of Stalin : from the david King collection at Tate Modern
Ezra Pound's fascist propaganda, 1935-45
The strategy of persuasion : the use of advertising skills in fighting the cold war
Hitler's piano player : the rise and fall of Ernst Hanfstaengl, confident of Hitler, ally of FDR
World revolutionary propaganda : a Chicago study
Voice of the people : readings in public opinion and propaganda
Techniques of persuasion : from propaganda to brainwshing
In this comprehensive study of the early development of the Soviet propaganda system, Peter Kenez describes how the Bolshevik Party went about reaching the Russian people. Throughout this book, Kenez is more concerned with the experience of the Soviet people than with high-level politics. The book is both a major contribution to our understanding of the genius of the Soviet state, and of the nature of propaganda in the modern world.
Electronic reproduction of primary and secondary source documents relating to the first World War, from archives around the world.
The commissariat of enlightenment : [a novel]
Online versions of film clips selected from the collections of the Imperial War Museums.
The language of the Third Reich : LTI - Lingua Tertii Imperii : a philologist's notebook
The Weimar insanity : photographs and propaganda from the Nazi era
Propaganda technique in world war 1
Cold War modernists : art, literature, and American cultural diplomacy
Prophets of deceit : a study of the techniques of the American agitator
German anti-tank weapons : Panzerbüchse, Panzerfaust and Panzerschreck
The international law of propaganda : the ideological instrument and world public order
Modernism, media, and propaganda : British narrative from 1900 to 1945
Effects of language intensity in persuasive political texts
The new image-makers : Soviet propaganda & disinformation today
The Nazi-fascist new order for European culture
Shaping geopolitical image : finnish and lithuanian propaganda on international stage 1914-1918
Along Lenins bright road
Between the eyes : essays on photography and politics
Adventures in propaganda : letters from an intelligence officer in France
Broadcasting across borders : a study on the role of propaganda in external broadcasts
Power to the people : early Soviet propaganda posters in The Israel Museum, Jerusalem
Comic art propaganda : a graphic history
Politics and propaganda : weapons of mass seduction
The seeds of disaster : a guide to the realities, race policies, and worldwide propaganda campaigns of the Republic of South Africa
The third reich's celluloid war : propaganda in Nazi feature films, documentaries and television
Weekend in Munich : art, progadanda and terror in the Third Reich
The war of ideas in contemporary international relations : the imperialist doctrine, methods and organisation of foreign political propaganda
The background of anti-English feeling in Germany, 1890-1902
Closer to the masses : Stalinist culture, social revolution, and Soviet newspapers
Riik malelaual : Saksa okupatsioon Eestis 1941-1944 : Eesti Ajaloomuuseumi näituse kataloog = Castles and pawns : the German occupation of Estonia 1941-1944 : Estonian History Museum exhibition catalogue
Failing intelligence : the true story of how we were fooled into going to war in Iraq
Propaganda and promotional activities : an annotated bibliography
This is the first extensive account of royal propaganda in England between 1689 and 1702. It demonstrates that the regime of William III did not rely upon legal or constitutional rhetoric as it attempted to legitimate itself after the Glorious Revolution, but rather used a protestant, providential and biblically-based language of 'courtly reformation'. This language presented the king as a divinely-protected godly magistrate who could both defend the true church against its popish enemies, and restore the original piety and virtue of the elect English nation. Concentrating upon a range of hitherto understudied sources - especially sermons and public prayers - the book demonstrates the vigour with which these ideas were broadcast by an imaginative group of propagandists enabling the king to cope with central political difficulties - the need to attract support for wars with France and the need to work with Parliament.
Churchill's wizards : the British genius for deception 1914-1945
The uses and abuses of history
The technique of persuasion : an essay in human relationships
The new propaganda
The informant
Broadcasting to the Soviet Union : international politics and radio
One world, big screen : Hollywood, the Allies and World War II
Cultural history through a National Socialist lens : essays on the cinema of the Third Reich
International encyclopedia of propaganda
The new propaganda : the dictatorship of palaver in contemporary politics
War posters issued by belligerent and neutral nations 1914-1919
Propaganda and psychological warfare
Public opinion and propaganda : a book of readings
The myth of the Eastern Front : the Nazi-Soviet war in American popular culture
Baltic youth under communism
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Koretsky : the Soviet photo poster : 1930-1984
In the age of the internet, poster art is fading into history, but its importance as historical document remains valuable and enlightening. An inexpensive and efficient means of mass communication, the poster was used extensively by Communist regimes in order to maintain state control. This collection of 150 of the most outstanding works from a selection of more than 10,000 posters archived by the German Historical Museum features works that are both poignant and valid in light of current global politics. Although propaganda posters were used in a variety of communist countries, those that emanated from East Germany are unique in their subtlety and nuanced messages. Many posters appropriate American or Western European symbols and others used humour to get their point across. Grouped chronologically according to such themes as post-war years, the prospect of peace, denouncement of the West, and praise for Communist allies, these beautifully reproduced works provide a historical and cultural snapshot of East Germany during its entire history.
Radio propaganda and the broadcasting of hatred : historical development and definitions
Hitler's propaganda machine
The thinker's guide for conscientious citizens on how to detect media bias & propaganda in national and world news
Posters of World War II : [Allied and Axis propaganda 1939-1945]
Easily led : a history of propaganda
DDR Posters : Ostdeutsche Propagandakunst = The Art of East German Propaganda
Propaganda in the 20th century : contributions to its history
The Germans by themselves
Aims and means
The martyred towns : Rheims, Soissons, Senlis, Arras
Propaganda and persuasion
Electronic reproduction of over 100 wartime posters used in Britain and Belgium during the first World War.
The fight for right pocket book for 1918.
The Birth of the Propaganda State : Soviet Methods of Mass Mobilization, 1917-1929
Propaganda analysis : a study of inferences made from nazi propaganda in World War II
World's fairs on the eve of war : science, technology, and modernity, 1937-1942
Electronic reproduction of close to 700 posters from the National World War I Museum's poster collection.
Military propaganda : psychological warfare and operations
Anatomia rosyjskiej wojny informacyjnej : operacja krymska : studium przypadku = The anatomy of Russian information warfare : the Crimean operation, a case study
Propaganda : the instrument of the communist regime in Czechoslovakia 1948-1953
International control of propaganda
Propaganda : truth and lies in times of conflict
North Korea's hidden revolution : how the information underground is transforming a closed society
Cold War on the airwaves : the radio propaganda war against East Germany
Youth in revolutionary Russia : enthusiasts, bohemians, delinquents
The power and the glorification : papal pretensions and the art of propaganda in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries
Western mainstream media and the Ukraine Crisis : a study in conflict propaganda
Secret warriors : key scientists, code breakers and propagandists of the Great War
Disney during World War II : how the Walt Disney Studio contributed to victory in the war
Täällä Amerikka - : the voice of America calling Finland : an essay on USA shortwave radio broadcasting to Finland
The voice of South Africa
Propaganda, politics and film, 1918-45
Film and propaganda in America : a documentary history. Volume 1, World War I
Film and propaganda in America : a documentary history. Volume 2, World War II : Part 1
Propaganda, communication, and public opinion : a comprehensive reference guide
Socialist cultures East and West : a post-cold war reassassment
Media, persuasion and propaganda
Is the trinity doctrine divinely inspired?
Brainwashing in red China : the calculated destruction of men's minds
Putin's propaganda machine : soft power and Russian foreign policy
Propaganda : power and persuasion
Germany's just cause
Radio Free Europe : an instrument of propaganda aggression
Printed propaganda under Louis XIV : absolute monarchy and public opinion
The phenomenon of political marketing
Return from the natives : how Margaret Mead won the Second World War and lost the Cold War
Propaganda in Palestine : April to December, 1918.
Propaganda : a pluralistic perspective
Abstract : Perception managment in the art of war.
Propaganda comes of age
Summary.
Study of the flying geese theory from a political point of view : a Japanese propaganda argument in the post world war II era
In the spirit of national ideology : organization of state propaganda in Eastern and Southern Europe in the 1930s, comparative perspectives on Poland, Yugoslavia and Bulgaria
Bonaparte and the British : prints and propaganda in the age of Napoleon
Ancient kings of Peru : the reliability of the Chronicle of Fernando de Montesinos : correlating the dynasty lists with current prehistoric periodization in the Andes
Truth about Germany : facts about the war
Maoism at the grassroots : everyday life in China's era of high socialism
The international encyclopedia of media studies, volume I : media history and the foundations of media studies
The Second World War and the Baltic States
What did you do in the war, Daddy? : a visual history of propaganda posters
Propaganda 1776 : secrets, leaks, and revolutionary communications in early America
Advertising and propaganda in World War II : Cultural identity and the Blitz spirit
Nazi Germany and the American Hemisphere, 1933-1941
Propaganda and world public order : the legal regulation of the ideological instrument of coercion
Art and propaganda in the twentieth century : the political image in the age of mass culture
The genesis of Napoleonic propaganda, 1796 to 1799
Music and propaganda in the short twentieth century
Propaganda : political rhetoric and identity, 1300-2000
Mass persuasion in history : an historical analysis of the development of propaganda techniques
The inauguration of organized political warfare : cold war organizations sponsored by the National Committee for a Free Europe/Free Europe Committee
Shaping the perceptions of Finland : the official Finnish Information Bureau in Copenhagen 1918-1919
Grand illusion : the Third Reich, the Paris exposition, and the cultural seduction of France
Propaganda in mass organizations
Propaganda and the German cinema 1933-1945
Germany, her own judge : reply of a cosmopolitan Swiss to German propaganda
[Posters from the collections of the Imperial War Museums]
Communist propaganda : themes, aims and outlets : the semantic idiom and other indoctrination techniques of internationale communism
The ministry of illusion : Nazi cinema and its afterlife
China's war memory: from victor to victims : the portrayal of Japanese Figures in Chinese "anti-japanese war" film
How the world-madness was engineered. Propaganda and truth : photographic documents
The Third Reich's celluloid war : propaganda in nazi feature films, documentaries and television
Perception managment in the art of war : a review of Finnish war propaganda and present-day information warfare
Circling the square : avant-garde porcelain from revolutionary Russia
Cold-War propaganda in the 1950s
William III and the Godly Revolution
Innocent weapons : the Soviet and American politics of childhood in the Cold War
"In the 1930s and '40s, Japanese political architects of the Manchukuo project in occupied northeast China realized the importance of using various cultural media to promote a modernization program in the region, as well as its expansion into other parts of Asia. Ironically, the writers and artists chosen to spread this imperialist message had left-wing political roots in Japan, where their work strongly favoured modernist, even avant-garde, styles of expression. In Glorify the Empire, Annika Culver explores how these once anti-imperialist intellectuals produced modernist works celebrating the modernity of a fascist state and reflecting a complicated picture of complicity with, and ambivalence towards, Japan's utopian project. During the war, literary and artistic representations of Manchuria accelerated, and the Japanese-led culture in Manchukuo served as a template for occupied areas in Southeast Asia. A groundbreaking work, Glorify the Empire magnifies the intersection between politics and art in a rarely examined period in Japanese history."--Publisher's website.
Soviet political indoctrination : developments in mass media and propaganda since Stalin
The party line : how the media dictates public opinion in modern China
[Poster collection sourced from the Mills Memorial Library, McMaster University, Canada]
Nazi propaganda and the Second World War
[Poster collection from the National World War I Museum at Liberty Memorial, Kansas City]
Fog of Falsehood: Russian Strategy of Deception and the Conflict in Ukraine
Windows on the war : Soviet Tass posters at home and abroad, 1941-1945
Who wants war? : an address
Glorify the empire : Japanese avant-garde propaganda in Manchukuo
Propaganda in twentieth century war and politics : an annotated bibliography
The Pentagon propaganda machine
The use of Mao and the Chongqing model
Culture and propaganda in World War II : music, film and the battle for national identity
The body Soviet : propaganda, hygiene, and the revolutionary state
Ephemeral architecture in Central-Eastern Europe in the 19th and 20th Centuries
The MKb 42, MP43, MP44 and the Sturmgewehr 44
Film & radio propaganda in World War II
Gaming the Taboo in the Finlandisation Era Finland: The Case of Raid over Moscow
Some Australian common sense views. No. 5.
Visualising China, 1845-1965 : moving and still images in historical narratives
The propaganda war in the Rhineland : Weimar Germany, race and occupation after World War I
Making sense of war : the Second World War and the fate of the Bolshevik Revolution
Flowers that kill : communicative opacity in political spaces
The lies of the allies : a remarkable collection of facts, proofs and documents of how England, the Anglo-maniacs, and the "big dailies" humbug the American people
"Although other historical figures had manipulated various media for political gain, Napoleon Bonaparte was the first non-monarch in the modern era to realize the limitless possibilities of propaganda ... gives insight into Napoleon's meteoric rise to prominence and enhances our understanding of his more mature and elaborate use of propaganda during the Empire."--Preface.
Hitler's alpine retreat
