http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5615 persuasion
persuasion
NLP for managers : how to achieve excellence at work
Mass persuasion : the social psychology of a war bond drive
Readings in propaganda and persuasion : new and classic essays
Why do individuals say what they do during everyday face-to-face influence interactions? How do people seek or resist compliance in different relational, institutional, and cultural contexts? Linking theory and research to salient, real life examples and recent academic studies, Steven Wilson introduces the reader to the theories, systems of message analysis, complexities and nuances of interpersonal persuasion. Seeking and Resisting Compliance is the only single-authored, interdisciplinary text to explore compliance gaining and resistance from a message production perspective. This incisive, clearly written text is ideal for students, scholars, and anyone interested in interpersonal influence and persuasion in everyday interactions. Recommended for graduate and upper-level undergraduate courses in persuasion as well as special topics courses in interpersonal influence, social psychology, and sociolinguistics. Features of this text: Ground breaking, specific focus on message production as opposed to only message effects. Multiple theoretical perspectives are presented and the vast body of research from communication, psychology, linguistics, philosophy and related fields is reviewed. Student-friendly pedagogy, such as definitions, examples, and sections describing "common assumptions" about various theories engage students and highlight important concepts.
The competent public speaker
Keeping in touch with pragma-dialectics : in honor of Frans H. van Eemeren
A rhetoric of reduction : Bertrand de Jouvenel's pure theory of politics as persuasion
The political psychology of democratic citizenship
Persuasion : theory and practice
Communication and persuasion
Modern rhetorical criticism
The art of dialectic between dialogue and rhetoric : the Aristotelian tradition
The manipulated mind : brainwashing, conditioning, and indoctrination
Change of heart : what psychology can teach us about spreading social change
The myth of the mousetrap : how to get your ideas adopted (and change the world)
Nudging in public service design : a research project of designing a common laundry room service for HOAS
Reconstructs the tradition of dialectic from Aristotle's "Topics", its founding text, up to its 'renaissance' in 16th century Italy, and focuses on the role of dialectic in the production of knowledge.
Evidence, argument and persuasion in the policy process
Utilization of persuasive technology in e-commerce
Yes! : 50 scientificully proven ways to be persuasive
Propaganda and promotional activities : an annotated bibliography
Persuasion in practice
The rape of the mind : the psychology of thought control, menticide, and brainwashing
The argument culture : stopping America's war of words
Emotional persuasion in American political speeches
When buyers say no : essential strategies for keeping a sale moving forward
Persuasive messages : the process of influence
Techniques of persuasion : from propaganda to brainwashing
Persuasion : new directions in theory and research
Argumentation, communication, and fallacies : a pragma-dialectical perspective
The art of self-persuasion : the social explanation of false beliefs
How to speak and write persuasively
In Strategic Maneuvering in Argumentative Discourse, Frans H. van Eemeren brings together the dialectical and the rhetorical dimensions of argumentation by introducing the concept of strategic maneuvering. Strategic maneuvering refers to the arguer's continual efforts to reconcile More... aiming for effectiveness with being reasonable. It takes place in all stages of argumentative discourse and manifests itself simultaneously in the choices that are made from the topical potential available at a particular stage, in adaptation to audience demand, and in the use of specific presentational devices. Strategic maneuvering derails when in the specific context in which the discourse takes place a rule for critical discussion has been violated, so that a fallacy has been committed. Van Eemeren makes clear that extending the pragma-dialectical approach to argumentation by taking account of strategic maneuvering leads to a richer and more precise method for analyzing and evaluating argumentative discourse.
Persuasion & rhetoric
The power of persuasion : how we're bought and sold
Winning arguments : from Aristotle to Obama - everything you need to know about the art of persuasion
Persuadable : how great leaders change their minds to change the world
Maximum influence : the 12 universal laws of power persuasion
Propaganda and persuasion
Pre-suasion : revolutionary way to influence and persuade
Why do religious people attempt to persuade others of their beliefs? What are the current objections to the religious practice of proselytizing? Is proselytizing an ethically defensible practice? Are there kinds of proselytizing activities that are ethically questionable? Elmer John Thiessen responds to questions like these in an effort to provide a philosophical defense of proselytization, or religious persuasion, as an ethical practice. Thiessen examines and refutes current cultural and academic objections to religious proselytizing and offers a thorough ethics of evangelism. - Publisher.
Persuasion : reception and responsibility
Persuasion : how opinions and attitudes are changed
How to win any negotiation without raising your voice, losing your cool, or coming to blows
Propaganda in Contemporary Media : On the example of The New York Times and its coverage of the war in Iraq
In 1933 Meerloo began to study the methods by which systematic mental pressure brings people to abject submission, and by which totalitarians imprint their subjective "truth" on their victims' minds. In "The Rape of the Mind" he goes far beyond the direct military implications of mental torture to describing how our own culture unobtrusively shows symptoms of pressurizing people's minds. He presents a systematic analysis of the methods of brainwashing and mental torture and coercion, and shows how totalitarian strategy, with its use of mass psychology, leads to systematized "rape of the mind." He describes the new age of cold war with its mental terror, verbocracy, and semantic fog, the use of fear as a tool of mass submission and the problem of treason and loyalty, so loaded with dangerous confusion.
Persuasion as implicit anchoring: The case of collocations
Influence : science and practice
Persuasive features in the political language of four British daily newspaper: The Times, The Daily Telegraph, The Daily Mirror and The Sun
Secrets of power persuasion for salespeople
Media, persuasion and propaganda
'Strong is the new skinny'? : a qualitative study on evaluative and persuasive language in health food advertising
Utilization of Persuasive Technology in E-Commerce
Advocacy : championing ideas & influencing others
Devices of persuasion in newspaper language
Good arguments : an introduction to critical thinking
Socially influencing systems : persuading people to engage with publicly displayed Twitter-based systems
Jolles draws on his successful sales background and decades of research to lay out a simple, predictable, and ethical process that will enable you to lead others to discover for themselves what and why they need to change.
How to get what you want without having to ask
The art of always being right
New Testament rhetoric : an introductory guide to the art of persuasion in and of the New Testament
Behavior control
The effect of context on persuasion in political speeches : the use of personal pronouns in Barack Obama's nomination acceptance addresses
How to win friends and influence people
Power, influence and persuasion : sell your ideas and make things happen
Persuade : using the seven drivers of motivation to master influence and persuasion
Age of propaganda : the everyday use and abuse of persuasion
The psychology of attitude change and social influence
Designs for persuasive communication
Resistance and persuasion
To sell is human : the surprising truth about persuading, convincing, and influencing others
The science of influence : how to get anyone to say "yes" in 8 minutes or less!
Nuclear Tycoon : designing simulation rethoric for a persuasive game
Agreed! : improve your powers of influence
The Second Edition of this important book continues to provide a thorough and critical treatment of persuasion theory and research. Daniel J O'Keefe combines a discussion of research on the production of persuasive messages with more traditional research on the study of message effects. The book: * Provides a summary of relevant research literature in persuasion * Includes suggestions for how to avoid premature generalizations from limited research evidence * Presents detailed discussions on important theoretical and methodological questions. The new edition contains more coverage of the theory of reasoned action, a new chapter on functional approaches to attitude, a new chapter on behavioural change, and new material on persuasive campaigns. The research citations and examples are also updated.
The art of seduction
Feminist narrative ethics : tacit persuasion in modernist form
Guidebook for Improving Sales for a Company: a Case Study of Company X
Persuasion : social influence, and compliance gaining
Getting (more of) what you want : how the secrets of economics and psychology can help you negotiate anything, in business and in life
To sell is human : the surprising truth about moving others
Get the truth : former CIA officers teach you how to persuade anyone to tell all
The psychology of influence : theory, research and practice
"Getting someone to tell the truth is an essential skill that very few people possess. In the boardroom, classroom, or our own homes, every day we interact with others and try to get the truth from them. People are often untruthful out of fear of negative consequences associated with divulging information. But if a person is made to forget the long-term outcomes, he or she can be influenced to disclose sensitive information that's being withheld. The aim is to encourage the person to remain in short-term thinking mode, shifting focus away from the long-term ramifications of telling the truth. As former CIA agents and bestselling authors of Spy the Lie, Philip Houston, Mike Floyd, and Susan Carnicero are among the world's best at recognizing deceptive behavior and eliciting the truth from even the most accomplished liars. Get the Truth is a step-by-step guide that empowers readers to elicit the truth from others. It also chronicles the fascinating story of how the authors used a methodology Houston developed to elicit the truth in the counterterrorism and criminal investigation realms, and how these techniques can be applied to our daily lives. Using thrilling anecdotes from their careers in counterintelligence, and with easy-to-follow instructions, the authors provide a foolproof means of getting absolutely anybody to give an honest answer. Get the Truth is the easy and effective way to learn how to get the truth every time"--
Persuasive objectivity : a dramatistic analysis of racist persuasive communication in BBC World News
Small big : small changes that spark big influence
Linguistic devices expressing persuasion in newspaper headlines
Judo with words : an intelligent way to counter verbal attacks
Persuasive objectivity : a dramatistic analysis of racist persuasive communication in BBC World News.
Influence : the psychology of persuasion
On the development of persuasive systems : a framework for designing and evaluating behaviour change support systems and its applicability for e-Health
Getting your way : strategic dilemmas in the real world
The first make-or-break step in persuading anyone to do any thing is getting them to hear you out. Whether the person is a harried colleague, a stressed-out client, or an insecure spouse, things will go from bad to worse if you can't break through emotional barricades.
Whether it's our choice of a new car or what we think about our neighbours, our opinions and attitudes are a way of negotiating the world around us. The Psychology of Influence explores how these preferences and behaviours are influenced and affected by the messages we receive in daily life. From consumer choices to political, lifestyle and financial decisions, the book examines how and why we may be influenced by a range of sources, from written text and television to social media and interpersonal communication. In a field that has fascinated scholars since Plato, the book addresses the key questions across cognitive, social and emotional domains: * When do arguments become persuasive? * What influence do role models have? * What role do simple rules of thumb, social norms or emotions play? * Which behaviours are difficult to influence, and why? Covering topics from attraction, prejudice and discrimination to reward, punishment and unconscious bias, The Psychology of Influence will be invaluable reading for students and researchers across a range of areas within applied and social psychology, as well as those in political science, communications, marketing and business and management.
Techniques of persuasion : from propaganda to brainwshing
Teaching about doublespeak
Political persuaders : the techniques of modern election campaigns
The persuasion handbook : developments in theory and practice
Before conflict : preventing aggressive behaviour
Think like a freak : the authors of Freakonomics offer to retrain your brain
Persuasion : communication and interpersonal relations
Persuasion in society
Just listen : discover the secret to getting through to absolutely anyone
Internal rhetorics : toward a history and theory of self-persuasion
Strategic maneuvering in argumentative discourse : extending the pragma-dialectical theory of argumentation
The use of blogs as a persuasive instrument : examining the case of online discussions of social injustice in the Russian Federation
The anatomy of persuasion : [how to persuade others to act on your ideas, accept your proposals, buy your products or services, hire you, promote you, and more!]
Yes! : 50 secrets from the science of persuasion
Lobbying in the European Union : explanatory guide : contacts = Le lobbying dans l'Union Européenne = Lobbying in der Europäischen Union
Finnish summary.
Principles of public speaking
Winning 'em over : a new model for managing in the age of persuasion
How to change minds : the art of influence without manipulation
Half a century of forest industry rhetoric : persuasive strategies in sales argumentation
The science of social influence : advances and future progress
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
Foundations of argumentative text processing
Yes! : 50 scientifically proven ways to be persuasive
Ever since American prisoners of war in Korea suddenly switched sides to the Communist cause, the concept of brainwashing has continued to fascinate and confuse. Is it really possible to force any thinking person to act in a way completely alien to his character? What makes so-called brainwashing so different from the equally insidious effects of indoctrination and conditioning, or even advertising and education? Research findings from psychology show that brainwashing is not a special subversive technique; it is the clever manipulation of unrealized influences that operate in all our lives. This book, by breaking down so-called brainwashing to its individual elements, shows how social conditioning, need for approval, emotional dependency and much else that we are unaware of, prevent us from being as self-directed as we think; and, conversely, which human traits make us the least susceptible to subtle influence.
Mastering public speaking
Becoming a critical thinker : a user friendly manual
"In Persuadable, you'll learn how Ray Dalio became the most successful hedge fund manager in the world by strategically curbing confidence. How Alan Mullaly saved Ford Motor Company, not by staying the course, but by continually changing course. How one Nobel Prize-winning scientist discovered the cause of ulcers by bravely doubting his own entrenched beliefs. You'll learn how Billy Graham's change of heart helped propel the civil rights movement, and how a young NFL linebacker's radical new position may prove to alter the world of professional football as we know it. Offers the seven practices of persuadable leaders. "
The ethics of evangelism : a philosophical defense of proselytizing and persuasion
Seeking and resisting compliance : why people say what they do when trying to influence others
Communication and social influence processes
"This will not be a Ponzi scheme" : persuasion in an American Ponzi scheme
The strategy of desire
Rhetorical theory : an introduction
The New York Times bestselling authors of Freakonomics offer a blueprint for an entirely new way to solve problems, whether your interest lies in minor lifehacks or major global reforms.
Verbal Judo : the gentle art of persuasion
Persuasion : the art of getting what you want
Words like loaded pistols : rhetoric from Aristotle to Obama
Persuasion : theory and research
Spinner in chief : how presidents sell their policies and themselves
