http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5619 attitudes
attitudes
Decisive : how to make better choices in life and work
Small rings in a long chain : The role of air traffic controllers in reducing the environmental impacts of aviation
Attitudes, chaos and the connectionist mind
Attitudes : selected readings
The measurement of attitudes toward disabled persons
CONSUMER ATTITUDES AND BEHAVIOR WHEN SELECTING A HOLIDAY DESTINATION  : Introducing Kurdistan to the Finnish traveler
Yhteenveto - Summary.
Facial expressions as an interactional resource in everyday face-to-face conversation
Theories of attitude change
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Basic human values in the workplace
The impact of student teaching experience on determination to remain in teaching as a future career : a study among student teachers in Thailand
Finnish upper secondary school students' views of foreign languages : motivation, attitudes and beliefs
ELF in the classroom : Finnish upper secondary school students' attitudes towards ELF
Prospects for renewable energy education (REE) in elevating youth energy and environmental awareness in Jordan
Students` attitudes towards open innovation
Teacher and student attitudes to affective education : a European collaborative research project
Teacher's attitudes towards inclusion and the inclusion of students with emotional and behavioural disorders
Teacher's definition and attitudes towards inclusive education : a case study from Lanzhou, China
Belief base dynamics
Health care prioritisation : evolution of the concept, research and policy process
On the exploration of mobile technology acceptance among law enforcement officers using structural equation modelling (SEM) : a multi-group analysis of the Finnish police force
Attitude change : a critical analysis of theoretical approaches
Improving organizational surveys : new directions, methods, and applications
Tourism of tomorrow : travel trends and forces of change
The pout-pout fish
The psychology of conservatism
Training Management Skills for First-line Managers : case: company X
Infancy as an occupation : towards a sociology of spontaneous behaviour
Young people's perceptions of the wood products industry : a relational view
Serbian students' attitudes towards mathematics and mathematical education : Tempus Attitude Survey (TAS) 2013-2014 report
On the changes in the educational attitudes of young teacher
Every-day life and radical social changes in Estonia : a sociological-empirical overview of changes in Estonians' life values, attitudes, living conditions and behaviour during the transition from Soviet to post-Soviet
A good idea in theory : inclusion as English subject teacher students see it
Physical activity of children aged 3 to 4: parents' viewpoint
The measurement of attitude : a psychophysical method and some experiments with a scale for measuring attitude toward the church
Teacher's attitudes toward inclusive education in the four areas in the southwest of Finland
Abstract: Sexual and gender minorities in working life.
Wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the West
The social structure of society through the eyes of university students : paper presented at the Annual Meeting of the Nordic Association for Educational Research, October 23-26, 1980, Göteborg, Sweden
Detailed analysis of methods and attitudes of illegal music downloading and copyright infringement
The true colors of Finnish welfare nationalism : consolidation of neo-populist advocacy as a resonant collective identity through mobilization of exclusionary narratives of blue-and-white solidarity
Attitudes towards suicide among Master's degree students : a cross-cultural comparison between China and Finland
Friend or foe? : attitudes to and beliefs about English in Finland expressed by Finnish as a second language learners
Defamilialisation Policies and Attitudes and Behaviour Among Mothers in Twelve European Countries. Do results for Denmark, Finland and Sweden differ from the others?
"As many men, so many minds" : a study on attitudes towards foreign languages in Finland
The assertive social worker
Young Adults’ Environmental Knowledge, Attitudes and Travelling Behavior
The influence of migration on Finnish cultural identity in the twentieth century : some preliminary considerations
Bioenergy knowledge, perceptions, and attitudes among young citizens : from cross-national surveys to conceptual model
Citizens' attitudes towards multifunctional agriculture
Social judgment : assimilation and contrast effects in communication and attitude change
The Little Red Hen : based on a traditional folk tale
Overcoming the institutional obstacles of industrial recycling
Nurses' self-reported attitudes concerning transcultural nursing : LOG-Health Project
IB upper secondary school and national upper secondary school students' attitudes towards English oral skills : a comparative study
Subjective processes in language variation and change
Territories of environmental concern
The present research deals with the curriculum development process realized in the practical nurse  education in Oulu Diakonia College. The curriculum has been developed since the middle of the 1990s into a  competence-based curriculum. The process has been spurred by the necessity to produce exams and knowledge to  meet the needs of work life. The purpose was to design a program which included compulsory entrepreneurship  education. It was implemented through cooperative learning and planning processes among the teaching staff.  When preparing the new theme, the staff and students were engaged in the process. The teachers defined and  shared common aims, defined their mental models, assessed their personal competences and decided what to learn  more. They used team work to share the ideas and conceptions. They examined their plans to make them conform  to those of the foundation (ODI). They brought their conceptions and experiential knowledge to their joint efforts.  The students evaluated the changes.  In the beginning the staff members had diverse attitudes to the change: some understood its importance at  once, others needed more time for it. The process resulted in transformative learning experiences: both the staff  members and the school organization were changed. The students valued the entrepreneurship education high, and  many of them chose optional entrepreneurship courses in addition to the compulsory ones.
"Ja mikäs pakana toi innovaatio o" : the role of English in the Finnish countryside, as seen by three generations
The valuable textbooks : a study on relationship values and attitudes in an EFL-textbook series
Consumer attitudes towards a corporate brand : case Lumenor Oy
Social Commerce : the underlying trend of social commerce
Electronic banking in Finland : consumer beliefs, attitudes, intentions and behaviors
Current state of research on mathematical beliefs XVIII : proceedings of the MAVI-18 Conference, September 12-15, 2012
Perceptions and realities: public opinion on forests and forestry in Finland, 1993-2012
Sexually transmitted diseases : knowledge base and attitudes of young adults in an institute of higher education about sexually transmitted diseases, Finland
The rhetoric of youth living by Baltic Sea : mutant and mobile political spaces of citizens
Analyzing the impact on consumer satisfaction, behavior and at-titudes by using eco-friendly practices and products in Surfers Paradise/Gold Coast city hotels, Australia.
Attitudes toward modernity and modernization : an appraisal of an empirical study
Japanese in-service teachers' attitudes towards inclusive education and self-efficacy for inclusive practices
Attitudes of young people towards luxury products
Is it a shame to speak with an accent : on the attitudes of Northern Finnish pupils, students and English teachers towards Finnish-accented English and pronunciation
Britain through American eyes : a comparative study of two traveller's accounts
Consumers' attitudes toward mobile advertising : a rhetorical approach
Qualitative research and the study of language use and attitudes
The direction, strength and background of Finnish school children's attitudes towards education for international understanding
Sexual and gender minorities at work
To sell is human : the surprising truth about moving others
Four dance subcultures : a study of non-professional dancers ́socialization, participation motives, attitudes and stereotypes
This article is based on my doctoral dissertation (Mähönen 2011) on the role of personal contact experiences and perceived social norms in the outgroup attitude formation of youth. As research on qualitatively different forms of outgroup attitudes improves our opportunities to predict intergroup behaviour and improve intergroup relations, the predictors of both explicit (i.e. deliberate, consciously controlled) and implicit (i.e. spontaneous, automatically activated) outgroup attitudes of youth were addressed. In the study, the outgroup attitudes and their predictors of 14-17 year old Finnish majority youth and Russian-speaking minority youth living in Finland were examined. In the article, I discuss the Finnish attitude climate, present the main findings and contributions of the study, and offer some research ethical considerations related to the studying of ethnic intergroup relations among youth..
Effect of enjoyment on attitude and on behavioral intention to use mobile applications when technology use is mandatory
Initial findings from the IEA International civic and citizenship education study
'White Flight' in Finland? : a qualitative study into Finnish-born families' housing and school choices in Turku
English as a Lingua Franca in the workplace: one-size-fits-all? : in search for a deeper understanding of Finnish speakers of ELF
Attitude bias in the judgment of linguistic style in political newspapers
Perceived threat and prejudice towards immigrants and Russian minorities living in Finland
Visibly different : coping with disfigurement
Consumers' attitudes towards food prices
Social comparison processes : theoretical and empirical perspectives
"Teachers teach so well that it's nice to learn" : a case-study on the role of teacher-to-student feedback in attitude-formation on L2 elementary English lessons
The present paper focuses on the Finnish attitudinal climate towards foreign-born settlers, i.e. immigrants, refugees and asylum seekers in a comparative perspective. Two theoretical approaches are tested: 1) the socio-economic explanation in which prejudice is seen as an outcome of the original majority population fearing a decline of their socio-economic position, and 2) a culturally oriented explanation which refers to fears concerning the possible negative cultural effects of immigration. Using survey data from the ? rst round of the European Social Survey (ESS) on Finland and 18 other countries, we ? nd that at the most general level, Finns do hold comparatively negative attitudes towards increasing the number of immigrants in Finland. However, as we turn to more speci? c items on economic and especially cultural threat, we ? nd that Finns are as tolerant or even more tolerant than other Europeans. Multivariate analyses show that both socio-economic factors and values, ideologies and religiosity may generate prejudice. The two theoretical approaches should, thus, not be taken as alternatives but rather as complementary theories. .
On human attitudes : root metaphors in theoretical conceptions
Psychology & communication
The effect of attitudes on reading immigration-related text material : an eye-movement study
We are all the same, but .. : Kenyan and Swedish school children's views on children's rights
Competence-based education refers to the integration of knowledge,  skills, attitudes and interactivity as the intended outcomes of learning. It  makes use of lifelong learning and lifelike tasks in realistic settings and  requires the cooperation of teachers. This research was prompted by the  desire to explain why collegial cooperation often seems to be problematic  in schools and universities. Are there certain social structures or  behavioural patterns that influence the cooperative culture in teacher  communities? The research material was collected in 2013 and 2014 in  Oulu, Finland. The target groups were both newly qualified and experienced  vocational teachers at all educational levels (N=30). The data collection  methods were open questions in interviews and questionnaires.  The research approach and analysis methods were qualitative. The theoretical  background is in humanistic-cognitive and experiential learning  as well as in dynamic epistemic conceptions. The findings show that the  prevailing model in teacher communities is individualistic, disciplinedivided  and course-based, especially among older teachers. The obstacles  refer to teachers' self-image and a deeply rooted fear of criticism  or revelation of incompetence. The promoters of cooperation were connected  to the changing practices and desire of sharing with colleagues.
Young adults' attitudes towards personnel funds in Finland
Assumptions about human nature : implications for researchers and practitioners
The immigrant's return : Italian male and female images in five American novels
The effect of (negative) emotion on pro-environmental behavior : an application of the theory of planned behavior
Nurses’ Attitudes and Beliefs towards Discussing Sexuality with Patients
Attitudes towards sustainable development
Utilization and appropriateness of self-medication in Finland
The development of political attitudes in children
Mathematical biography and key rhetoric
THE SELFISH GIANT
English and Finnish compared - attitudes held by future experts and teachers of English
Educational attitudes of teachers under training and in the first in-service years : a study with the MTAI
On toleration
The dynamics of affect, cognition, and social environment in the regulation of personal learning processes : the case of mathematics
Litter : the remains of our culture
The Longitudinal Study of Medical and Health Care  Students' Experiences and Attitudes Towards  Interprofessional Learning in First Semester Course
Correlates of and physical activity counseling effect on attitude toward physical activity among older people
Attitudes and social adaptation : a person-situation interaction approach
International behavior : a social-psychological analysis
Use of tobacco products, alcohol use and exposure to drugs in 1977-2005 : adolescent health and lifestyle survey 2005 in Finland
Sustainable development and solid waste management : people's attitudes in Lusaka, Zambia
Craft and consciousness : occupational technique and the development of world images
Changing schools by changing teachers' beliefs about teaching and learning
The joyless economy : an inquiry into human satisfaction and consumer dissatisfaction
Analysis of Attitudes towards Mobile Direct Marketing Directed to Consumers Involved in Loyalty Programs.
Interprofessional course "Public health and interprofessional collaboration" was planned for the first semester medical and health care students by two universities of Oulu, Finland. The course architecture was built on blended methods including lectures, video based workshops, interactive e-learning phase based on family cases with everyday health and wellbeing problems of the family members. The course ended with student conference. All together 1681 students from ten different degree programs participated in the course during the years 2007-2013. In this paper we describe the students' readiness and attitudes towards interprofessional learning (IPL) with RIPLS (Readiness towards interprofessional learning scale) in the beginning of the course and students' feedback and learning experiences at the end of the course using the web based inquiry. The attitudes and readiness towards IPL were evaluated quite positive. The highest RIPLS scores were evaluated in Teamwork and collaboration. The different development of the attitudes between the groups was seen in Roles and responsibilities. In the longitudinal perspective the medical students evaluated all of the subscales lower than the health care students. The scoring stayed in the same level during the years. The difference between the groups was significant. The learning outcomes correlated linearly with students' own activity. Those students, who took actively part in web and group discussions learned most. Family cases helped them to get the big picture of the service system. Based on students feedback participative methods gradually replaced the traditionally methods like lectures during the years. The learning outcomes were evaluated relatively good.
Abstract: The purpose of this final thesis was to implement a case study in order to find out parentsʼ opinions about the amount, quality and significance of play and physical activity of their children aged three and four. This topic rises up from the resent public discussion and studies of the situation of the health of children in Finland.  This final thesis was conducted by using a survey method. Data was collected by sending out the questionnaires to the parents of certain children group in Salmisaari Sport Kindergarten. The sample was selected to be parents of 20 children.  The results showed parentsʼ positive attitudes towards play and physical activity. They understand the value of physical activities and play. Almost all agreed on the different aspects of quality and what it means but in the amount and ideal amounts of play and sports there are big differences.  The results of this thesis indicate that the situation does not seem to be as bad as public discussion gives grounds to understand. Most children are playing and having physical exercise enough according to their parents. Parents think that the play and physical activity is significant part of the development of the child and diverse activities are the most effective. In these cases the physical activity and play were described to be for example social and advanced.
Psychological foundations of attitudes
The Finns and sustainable development : how do we measure opinions about sustainable development?
Ambivalence about Children in the Family Building Process in Sweden
HOW HAVE KOUVOLA CITIZENS’ ATTITUDES TOWARDS FOREIGNERS CHANGED FROM 2005 TO 2010
Analyzing the influence of diffusion of innovation attributes on lecturers' attitude towards information and communication technologies
Finnish students' uses of and attitudes towards English on Facebook
Health-related quality of life and its associating factors among 25-64-year-old adults with or without long-term mental symptoms.
Attitude of student nurses` toward people with disabilities
Attitudes toward health among potential eating disordered and severely obese
Attitude theory and measurement in food and nutrition research : proceedings of a symposium 15-17 June 1980.
Attitudes : their structure, function, and consequences
Internal marketing your ultimate voodoo to success
Authentic happiness : using the new positive psychology to realise your potential for lasting fulfillment
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Attitudes Towards Foreign-born Settlers: Finland in a Comparative Perspective
Worlds of welfare, worlds of consent? : public opinion on the welfare state
Attitude education : basics of attitude management and habit control
Sex-role attitudes in Finland 1966-1970
The civil servant's point of view on immigrants and acculturation in Finland : a qualitative attitude approach
International social attitudes : the 10th BSA report
The role of profile analysis in the conceptual development of involvement
The psychology of attitudes
Driver behaviour and training. Volume IV
Finnish health care and social work students' perceptions of Finnish-English code-switching : a survey study
Nordic statements on apartheid
The direction, strength and background of Finnish school children`s attitudes towards educationfor international understanding
Social attitudes in a developmental perspective
Citizen's attitudes and involvement in public consumer information
The relationship between affective and cognitive components of homophobic reaction : three cross-national replications
The Emperor's new clothes
Chasing youth culture and getting it right : how your business can profit by tapping today's most powerful trendsetters and tastemakers
The child's attitude to death
Sexually transmitted diseases: knowledge base and attitudes of young adults in an institute of higher education about sexually transmitted diseases, Finland
Attitudes toward CSR : the attitudes of Finnish trade unions' representatives toward corporate social responsibility practices
Attitude organization and change : an analysis of consistency among attitude components
Learning and education of older workers : lifelong learning at the margin
The culture of immigration in Italy : the Romagna region
Promoting Entrepreneurship Studies in Practical Nurse Education through  Joint Curriculum Planning
Discusses key topics of advertising from the fields of social and consumer psychology. This book addresses important questions such as: What impact does advertising have on consumer behaviour? What causes this impact? And what are the psychological processes responsible for the effectiveness of advertising?
Influencing attitudes and changing behavior
Social meaning of nostalgia
Intralingual internationalism : English in Japan and "English made in Japan"
The emperor's new clothes
Supply and demand of biomass based energy : rural people's perspectives in Bangladesh
Of international justice in light of human moral ontology : an interpretive study of Finnish attitudes towards refugees
The psychology of advertising
Social workers engagement with the social media
International Graduates Journey to Finnish Job Market : The Challenges International Graduates Face In Finnish Job Market
ICCS 2009 European report : civic knowledge, attitudes, and engagement among lower-secondary students in 24 European countries
Public opinion : changing attitudes on contemporary political and social issues
Abstract: Analysis of Attitudes towards Mobile Direct Marketing Directed to Consumers Involved in Loyalty Programs. The main objective of this dissertation was to analyze general attitudes consumers have towards mobile direct marketing, when it is executed by some company whose loyalty program they are involved in. The study was then investigating the level of interest towards such advertising. The research was based on a mix of qualitative and quantitative research, and an online survey of 94 individuals from different age groups and professions was conducted for data collection purposes. The research aimed at giving generalized view of the consumers' reaction to the topic and suggestions on how this information could be used by any company planning on incorporating mobile direct marketing to their loyalty programs. A critical review of relevant secondary data was carried out to get insight on consumer behavior, when it comes to loyalty programs and mobile direct marketing. The literature review discusses in general terms of the topic related concepts of marketing and consumer behavior, and finishes with introducing the different uses and types of mobile direct marketing. This information gave the basis for primary research. Results of the research placed some of the theory of secondary data under consideration, and further recommendation for research would therefore be focusing on viral activity related to loyalty program messages as well as realization of paid-for ordering service. Limitations of research include the absence of a commissioner, which affects the reliability of the primary research results.
AIDS and its metaphors
Initial teacher preparation for inclusive education in Ghana : status and challenges
Persecution, protection and immutable identity : contextualising asylum claims based on sexual orientation in Canada and Finland
Mathematical thinking in the measurement of behavior : small groups, utility, factor analysis
Analysis of attitudes towards mobile direct marketing directed to consumers involved in loyalty programs
Nordic statements on apartheid : supplement
Discursive study of attitudes towards English and Finnish
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Attitude formation and change
Attitudes toward history
Summary.
Focal words on environmental issues : in a British tabloid and a quality newspaper
Tourism and Nature Conservation in Koillismaa Region, Northern Finland
Towards Competence-based Practices in Vocational  Education : What Will the Process Require from  Teacher Education and Teacher Identities?
Explaining information security behavior : case of the home user
Survey and recommendations on Zambian dry sanitation improvement programme
Male adolescents' knowledge, perceptions and attitudes towards HIV/AIDS prevention : a case study of Elembelle District in Ghana
A social perspective on the outgroup attitude formation of youth
The plague
How do local governments change? : variations in time and place for conflicts in different forms
Employee Attitude to Management Style : case: International equitable association Nigeria Limited.
The many faces of strikes : attitudes towards industrial action by labour, management and human resources
Social Impacts of Mining in Sodankylä
The purpose of this thesis is to offer up to date information on the international students’ knowledge and attitude towards sustainable development in Oulu University of Applied Sciences. This thesis was commissioned by the Oulu University of Applied Sciences Sustainable Development Team. Similar study was conducted with the Finnish students in 2011. The research task was done in two parts. First the survey questions were translated to English and a few questions were added to gather more background information on the respondents. The primary research included data collection with an online survey, analysis and summary. The online survey was sent to all the students in English speaking degree programmes. The main conclusions from the survey were that the international students had good basic knowledge in sustainable development. Overall the students’ attitudes towards sustainable development were positive. Students felt that sustainable development issues are handled well in the schools everyday operations and that sustainable development teaching should be more practical.
A study of international work camp volunteers' attitudes and experiences of English as a lingua franca
The social world of the comprehensive school : how pupils adapt
An analysis of Danish sex-linked attitudes : toward married women's employment, forms of childcare, and the preferred occupational status
Environmentally Friendly Luxury Hotel : case: Grand Palace Hotel, Riga, Latvia
Forest owners' attitudes to and preferences for voluntary conservation : preliminary results of a survey
Juren he chuntian = The giant and the spring
Sweden provides strong support for childbearing and parenthood, including generously subsidized medical, maternal, and child care, paid parental leave, and child allowances. In this context, attitudes towards parenthood are likely to have a particularly strong impact on the decision about whether and when to have children. We examine the links between first births and holding attitudes about children, not just of positive and negative attitudes, but also of ambivalence, namely those who both value children but also value the things that compete with parenthood for young adults' time and other resources. Our analysis shows, measuring attitudes before the transition to parenthood, that ambivalence about childbearing delays the transition to parenthood, but not nearly as much as holding purely negative attitudes. Further, reporting an ambivalent experience from the first child had no significant effect on further childbearing, which testifies to the strong two-child norm in Sweden.
Caring for dying and meeting death : the views of Iranian and Swedish nurses and student nurses
Diverse family leave and day care policies create varying monetary incentives for mothers to stay at home with their children. They also affect attitudes of mothers and this should influence childcare decisions. In this study, attitudes of mothers towards cutting down on paid work for the sake of family as well as their behaviour regarding childcare at home were studied in 12 European countries. Of special interest were Denmark, Finland and Sweden, three Nordic countries with a long tradition of childcare policies supporting mothers' work participation. The data is based on the European Social Survey (ESS) Round 2, conducted in 2004 and 2005. The least familialistic attitudes were found in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. A coarse indicator for the effectiveness of childcare policy was devised and indicated that attitudes correlated with the policies in several countries. No correspondence was found between attitudes and average times spent with children at home. Regarding the Nordic countries (particularly Sweden and Finland), the contradictions observed were consistent with childcare policies that affect short- and long-term behaviour in opposite directions. In Finland, a familialistic attitude was relatively common among mothers whose youngest child was under 1-year-old.
Brain and behaviour : problems and prospects of fundamental research in multi-disciplinary fields
Differences in images and attitudes created by fashion branding between Spain and Finland : Case study: Zara
Social contact and attitude change : a case of homeless men living in a dormitory
Persian summary.
Attitudes of perioperative personnel : a comparative research on safety culture and usage of surgical safety checklist
Traffic value and attitude project : main report : traffic values and attitudes of drivers who have little driving experience, their connection with background variables describing the driver and with traffic behaviour
Positions constructed in specialist health care for patients experiencing intimate partner violence
2nd and 3rd graders' attitudes towards the English language : attitudes before and after studying English at school
Think and grow rich
Market Potential for Vietnamese Organic Food Products in Finland
Basic school teachers' attitudes towards inclusive education in Ghana
The images of the Japanese in the Western World
Male adolescents' knowledge, perceptions and attitudes towards HIV/AIDS prevention : A case study of Elembelle District in Ghana
Famous fanatics : historical and religious
Alcohol induced attitude change
The grouchy ladybug
