http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p561 oral expression
oral expression
The language of presentations
Early communication skills
How to write a wedding speech
Politeness in questions : an analysis of the language teaching textbook dialogues from the 16th century to the 18th century
English for you, too!. Starter : oppilaan äänite
Catching up : English for conversation classes
Coherence in spoken and written discourse
How to argue : powerfully, persuasively, positively
Speaking for yourself : a guide for students to effective communication
The storyteller's secret : how TED speakers and inspirational leaders turn their passion into performance
The art of storytelling : creative ideas for preparation and performance
Public speaking : concepts and skills for a diverse society
Speaking your mind : oral presentation and seminar skills
The elements of eloquence : how to turn the perfect English phrase
Finnish upper secondary school students' willingness to communicate in the EFL classroom
Emotions in voice : acoustic and perceptual analysis of voice quality in the vocal expression of emotions
Willingness to communicate - the effect of attitudes and confidence on advanced L2 learners' willingness to engage in communication situations
Beyond words : sobs, hums, stutters and other vocalizations
Artifactual literacies : every object tells a story
The oral interpretation of literature
Speaking of emotions : conceptualisation and expression
Public speaking : strategies for success
Speaking technically : a handbook for scientists, engineers, and physicians on how to improve technical presentations
How to deliver a TED Talk : secrets of the world's most inspiring presentations
English for you, too!. Book 1, Luokkaäänite
Making a wedding speech : how to face the big occasion with confidence and carry it off with style
This text is highly structured, and structured at a variety of levels. But what are the units of text, which levels are at stake, and what establishes the structure that binds the units together? This volume, just as the predecessor a spin off of one of the workshops on constraints in discourse, contains the most recent, thoroughly reviewed papers by specialists in the area that try to give answers to such questions. It helps deepening the understanding of a multiplicity of mechanisms and constraints that are at work during production and comprehension of well-formed discourse. Researchers from linguistics, both formal and psycholinguistics, artificial intelligence, and cognitive sciences will appreciate this book as a valuable resource for information and inspiration.
Let's talk : self-study audio CD. 1
Negotiate this! : by caring, but not T-H-A-T much
Fluency in Finnish-speaking and Swedish-speaking learners' spoken English at upper secondary school and university level
Adult-child conversation : adult-child interaction at home and at school (conference), University of Bristol, 1978
Develop your presentation skills
The interpersonal communication book
The essential elements of public speaking
Successful presenting in a week
Speak easy : the essential guide to speaking in public
Father of the bride : speech and duties
The big fish experience : create memorable presentations that reel in your audience
Public speaking : a process approach
Characterizing literacy : a study of Western and Indian literacy experiences
Essential telephoning in English : student's book
Utilizing online technologies in connected marketing
Improve your communication skills
English for you, too!. Book 1, Oppilaan äänite
Making negotiations predictable : what science tells us?
"To re-engage students with literacy, teachers need an entry point that recognizes and honors students' out-of-school identities. This book looks at how artifacts (everyday objects) access the daily, sensory world in which students live."--Book cover.
Learning and teaching English speaking skills at upper secondary school : the students' and the teachers' views
Passport to academic presentations
Analyzing multimodal interaction : a methodological framework
A speaker's guidebook : text and reference, with The essential guide to rhetoric
Let's talk : self-study audio CD. 2
The challenge of effective speaking
Communication in organizations
Ideas & issues. Intermediate
Let's talk : self-study audio CD. 3
Passport to academic presentations : student's book
The oral style
Talking business in class : speaking activities for professional students
English pronunciation in use. Intermediate : self-study and classroom use
Professional speed date: a new method for efficient oral examination
Responsibility and evidence in oral discourse
Stand & deliver : giving business presentations
Communicating clearly
Introducing speech and language processing
The SCOTS corpus and TEFL : discovering and using strategies of spoken English in Finnish upper secondary schools
Toasts and short speeches : the things that really matter about
Oral and written narratives and cultural identity : interdisciplinary approaches
Designing and managing a research project : a business student's guide
Everyday English : englantia aikuisille. Starter
Keep talking Dutch : audio course : advanced beginner
Verbal art as performance
The art of storytelling : easy steps to presenting an unforgettable story
Essential telephoning in English : audio CD : student's book
The sound of poetry, the poetry of sound
English for presentations
English for you, too! : opiskelijan äänite. Book 4
Insults in adolescents' conversations : a study in The Bergen Corpus of London Teenage Language
The presenters fieldbook : a practical guide
Technical presentation workbook : winning strategies for effective public speaking
Speaking on special occasions
TED talks : the official TED guide to public speaking
Constructive talk in challenging classrooms : strategies for behaviour management and talk-based tasks
The book and the transformation of Britain c. 550-1050
Business and administrative communication
English for you, too! : opiskelijan äänite. Book 2
Fearless facilitation : the ultimate field guide to engaging (and involving!) your audience
English for you, too!. Book 5, Opiskelijan äänite
Speaking : A2 pre-intermediate
Study Speaking : a course in spoken English for academic purposes
What is your one sentence? : how to be heard in the age of short attention spans
Collins public speaking
Speak and grow rich
English-Romanian conversation book
Public speaking : an audience-centered approach
Diverse functions of the hedge really : a study of four academic speech events
Ideas & issues. Advanced
How to talk to absolutely anyone : confident communication in every situation
The development of spoken fluency : a cross-sectional study of Finnish learners of English
Steps into English. 3, Student's CD : Opiskelijan CD
The future of performance studies : visions and revisions
From one of Inc. magazine's "Coolest College Startups" - the revolutionary three-step method that will transform every presentation into an experience for the audience. Rid the world of bad presentations with: Engaging Content + Memorable and Simple Design + Powerful Delivery Together, these create an unforgettable experience for the audience, The Big Fish Experience. Big Fish Presentations spends every day making the incomprehensible compelling; the mundane interesting; and the complex simple. Whether it's a presentation about an idea, a product, a service, a business, or a cause, at its heart, it's a story. The Big Fish Experience will help you tell yours. Learn how to: captivate with the power of story, enticing visuals, and infectious enthusiasm; inspire with the perfect pitch, a strong message, and a call to action; engage with supreme skill and confidence - and achieve your purpose every time. In this practical, step-by-step guide, you'll find proven techniques and expert tips on new presentation tools; innovative ways to deliver your ideas; case studies of presentations, which you can emulate immediately; and ways to recover if things go wrong. Big Fish Presentations works with clients nationwide - from startups to Fortune 100 companies - to turn presentations into experiences by providing copy writing, presentation design, presentation training, and video production, using the latest, most innovative strategies.
Voice acting for dummies
The speaker's handbook
