http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5614 merchants
merchants
Needless lies? : merchant letters and knowledge of Japan in early seventeenth-century England
[Summary: Historical abstracts (Santa Barbara, Cal.) 12 (1966) s. 202].
The day of the Jack Russell
Clyde fans : Book 1
Scales of fate : trade, tradition, and transformation in the eastern Mediterranean, ca. 1350-1175 BCE
My thesis was a comprehensive study on microfinance in Ghana. The purpose of this  thesis was to delve into the proliferation of microfinance companies in Ghana and its  associated challenges, the mode of establishment and operation. Part of this thesis  was to analyze the effects of the challenges and its impact on petty traders.  The theoretical part includes a description of the micro financing in the informal sector  with a brief history of the Ghanaian business system. Also, more light was shed  on what goes into the start-up phase of micro finance companies in Ghana from legal  regulations right to the licensing stage. The theory was based on information from  various credible websites and online publications.  This thesis was research based. Qualitative research data was employed in the empirical  part. A semi-structured interview was conducted with Pimcel Microfinance  Company. The results from this interview as well as the author's in-depth knowledge  of micro finance in Ghana played a big role in the thesis. Also, information gathered  from interactions with friends working in various microfinance institutions was deployed  in writing the empirical part of the thesis.
Port Royale. 3 : pirates & merchants : PlayStation 3
Local merchants and the Chinese bureaucracy, 1750-1950
Murder is binding : a Booktown mystery
Merchants and luxury markets : the marchands merciers of eighteenth-century Paris
City merchants and the arts, 1670-1720
A Russian merchant's tale : the life and adventures of Ivan Alekseevich Tolche ̈nov, based on his diary
Mendicants and merchants in the medieval Mediterranean
Essential trade : Vietnamese women in a changing marketplace
Trading conflicts : Venetian merchants and Mamluk offficials in late medieval Alexandria
Land amidst the sea : merchant seamen and port towns in the nineteenth century
The indebtness of North-Ostrobothnian farmers to merchants 1765-1809
Passion on the vine : a memoir of food, wine, and family in the heart of Italy
The world of the Indian Ocean merchant, 1500-1800 : collected essays of Ashin Das Gupta
Record stores
Traders : risks, decisions, and management in financial markets
The Anglo-Portuguese alliance and the English merchants in Portugal, 1654-1810
Onions are my husband : survival and accumulation by West African market women
"Merchant networks generated trade and the exchange of goods between the cities of early modern Europe. Such networks were fundamental in the spread of cultural artefacts and practice, as well as leading to migration between the cities. This collection of essays applies network analysis to commercial networks, focusing on the roles of kinship, origin, religion and business in creating and maintaining urban economies"--Provided by publisher.
Diasporas, diversity, and ethnicity
Købmand, sømand og supercargo : guide til den florissante handels København = Merchant, sailor and supercargo : a guide to the Copenhagen of the palmy days of overseas trade
New York before New York. A fortune, or a forgery. A love story, or a battle of wits. Nothing is black and white
High Germans in the Low Countries : German merchants and commerce in golden age Antwerp
In Mombasa, players acquire shares of chartered companies based in Mombasa, Cape Town, Saint-Louis, and Cairo and propagate trading posts of these companies throughout the African continent in order to earn the most money
Sell in good company : social capital as a strategic tool in the fine art auction business
Trading communities in the Roman world : a micro-economic and institutional perspective
The flower arrangement
Women clerks in Wilhelmine Germany : issues of class and gender
Contested hierarchies : a collaborative ethnography of caste among the Newars of the Kathmandu Valley, Nepal
Opium and empire : the lives and careers of William Jardine and James Matheson
Trading places : the Netherlandish merchants in early modern Venice
Heaven is high, the emperor far away : merchants and mandarins in old Canton
During the medieval goings-on around Orléans, you must assemble a following of farmers, merchants, knights, monks etc. You need followers and their abilities to expand your dominance putting them to work as traders, builders and scientists. Knight expand your scope of action and secure your mercantile expeditions. Craftsmen build trading stations and tools to facilitate work... You will always want to take more actions than possible, and there are many paths to victory. The challenge is to combine all elements as best as possible with regard to your strategy
The British in Africa
Dressed to kill
Commerce and print in the early Reformation
Pedlars and the popular press : itinerant distribution networks in England and the Netherlands 1600-1850
Merchants of Canton and Macao : politics and strategies in eighteenth-century Chinese trade
Merchant in historical corpora
The merchants of Siberia : trade in early modern Eurasia
The diary and life of Samuel Sewall
The brutal art
Mission to murder
This study brings to life the community of trans-Atlantic merchants who established strong economic, political, and cultural ties between the United States and the city-republic of Bremen, Germany in the nineteenth century. Lars Maischak shows that the success of Bremen's merchants in helping make an industrial-capitalist world market created the conditions of their ultimate undoing: the new economy of industrial capitalism gave rise to democracy and the nation-state, undermining the political and economic power of this mercantile elite. Maischak argues that the experience of Bremen's merchants is representative of the transformation of the role of merchant capital in the first wave of globalization, with implications for our understanding of modern capitalism, in general.
Neverwhere
The spice merchant's wife
Street vending in Mexico City : gaining a livelihood in a public space
The cartel
Entrepreneurs and entrepreneurship in early modern times : merchants and industrialists within the orbit of the Dutch staple market
Circle of friends
Last shop standing
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
Between crown and commerce : Marseille and the early modern Mediterranean
Making a communal world : English merchants in imperial St. Petersburg
A pocketful of holes and dreams
The politics of trade : the overseas merchant in state and society, 1660-1720
The book of privileges of the Merchant Adventurers of England, 1296-1483
Glimpses into Kristinestad's history
The sultan's Jew : Morocco and the Sephardi world
The political economy of merchant empires : [essays originally prepared for a conference on the rise of merchant empires, organized by the Center for Early Modern History, Oct. 1987]
Medieval merchant venturus : collected studies
Going to market : women, trade and social relations in early-modern English towns, c. 1550-1650
The English gentleman merchant at work : Madras and the City of London 1660-1740
Culture and power : legend, ritual, bazaar and rebellion in a Bengali society
India traders of the middle ages : documents from the Cairo Geniza ('India book')
African merchants of the Indian Ocean : Swahili of the East African coast
Travel and travellers of the Middle Ages
Murder on wheels
The merchant class of medieval London [1300-1500]
Emporium of the world : the mercahts of London 1660-1800
Art and patronage in the medieval Mediterranean : merchant culture in the region of Amalfi
The crimson petal and the white
In Constantinopolis, 2-5 players vie to become the most influential merchant in the city of Constantinopolis. Players deliver goods and passangers overseas, sell goods at home, donate to the city, and finance public buildings to become the wealthiesst and most popular merchant in Constantinopolis.
Peasant's, merchants, and markets : inland trade in medieval England, 1150-1350
Merchants and revolution : commercial change, political conflict, and London's overseas traders, 1550-1653
Churchill/Ford/Walker's sales force management
Leading by design : the IKEA story
Buyers and sellers : retail circuits and practices in medieval andearly modern Europe
Commercial republicanism in the Dutch Golden Age : the political thought of Johan & Pieter de la Court
Robert Oliver, merchant of Baltimore, 1783-1819
Japan's protoindustrial elite : the economic foundations of the gōnō
Navicularii et Negotiantes : a prosopographical study of Roman merchants and shippers
Commercial networks and European cities, 1400-1800
Antimercantilism in late medieval English literature
There's hustle and bustle at Istanbul's grand bazaar as merchants and their assistants rush through the narrow alleys in their attempt to be more successful than their competitors. Everything must be well organized: wheelbarrows must be filled with goods at the warehouses, then swiftly transported by the assistants to various destinations. Your goal? Be the first merchant to collect a certain number of rubies
Traders in the neo-Assyrian period
A stranger in Olondria : being the complete memoirs of the mystic, Jevick of Tyom
Buddenbrooks : the decline of a family
Merchants in the Ottoman empire
Vicarious consumers
Traders and nabobs : the British in Cawnpore, 1765-1857
A strangeness in my mind
Sheriff of Nottingham
The self-perception of early modern capitalists
Shopping, seduction & Mr Selfridge
From pedlars to textile barons : the economic development of a Jewish minority group in the Netherlands
Tuf voyaging
Armenian merchants of the seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries : English East India Company sources
Tavernier, Jean-Baptiste (1605-1689) : French jeweler and traveler in Iran and India
Jews and port cities, 1590-1990 : commerce, community and cosmopolitanism
The city, the duke and their banker : the Rapondi family and the formation of the Burgundian state (1384-1430)
The American West
Last shop standing : [whatever happened to record shops?]
The buy side
Essays in Sudan ethnography : presented to Sir Edward Evans-Pritchard
The American merchant experience in nineteenth-century Japan
The volume provides a prosopography of Roman businessmen involved in business in the western part of the Mediterranean and present in epigraphy, mainly in the shape of tituli picti, amphorae stoppers, and anchors, but also in monumental epigraphy. This limits the chronological range of this analysis to the final two centuries of the Roman Republic and the first three of the Imperial Age. The book is not designed to be read from front to cover, but as a starting point or point of reference for anyone working on the nature of Roman business. It provides data on commercial partnerships, professional specialisation, family firms, the structure of agency as well as the close relationship between production and distribution. It also reveals facts of anecdotic value such as the extreme misfortune of a shipper whose name is found inscribed on the anchors of three different wrecks. The volume is organised by the various types of merchants, such as negotiatores, negotiantes, mercatores, nautae, utriclarii, navicularii, naucleri, propolae, poletai, emporoi, kapeloi, vinarii, frumentarii and [diffusores] olearii. This is followed by chapters on the three main types of small epigraphic sources and an index of names.
Tibet : a chronicle of exploration
Castle in the air
Store wars : the battle for mindspace and selfspace
"Antimercantilism in Late Medieval English Literature explores the relationship between ideology and subjectivity surrounding a single class/estate group and its characteristic sins in the context of literary texts influenced by estates satire. This book focuses in depth on both large works by well-known authors and lesser-studied works, including The Canterbury Tales, Piers Plowman, Gower's Mirour de l'Omme, The Book of Margery Kempe, The York Plays, The Libelle of Englyshe Polycye, "The Childe of Bristowe," and the Pseudo-Chaucerian "Tale of Beryn." Its approach documents the trajectory of antimercantile ideology under the pressures of the major developments made in economic theory and practice in the later Middle Ages"--
The readers of Broken Wheel recommend
Cinque terre : the five villages
International trade and the Armenian merchants in the Seventeenth century
Computational experiments on edge exchange heuristics for the euclidean travelling salesman problem
Family entrepreneurship in a retail chain : the grocer's household-enterprise complex
Balkan transitions to modernity and nation-states : through the eyes of three generations of merchants, (1780s-1890s)
Market threads : how cotton farmers and traders create a global commodity
Three decades of research into retailing in England from the seventeenth to nineteenth centuries has established a seemingly clear narrative: fixed shops were widespread from an early date; 'modern' methods of retailing were common from at least the early eighteenth century; shopping was a skilled activity throughout the period; and consumers were increasingly part of - and aware of being part of - a polite and fashionable culture. All of this is true, but is it the only narrative? Research has shown that markets were still important well into the nineteenth century and small scale producer-retailers co-existed with modern warehouses. Many shops were not smart. The development of modern retailing therefore was a fractured and fragmented process. This book presents a reassessment of the standard view by challenging the usefulness of concepts like 'traditional' and 'modern', examining consumption and retailing as inextricably linked aspects of a single process, and by using the idea of narrative to discuss the roles and perceptions of the various actors in this process - such as retailers, shoppers/consumers, local authorities and commentators. The book is therefore structured around some of these competing narratives in order to provide a richer and more varied picture of consumption and retailing in provincial England.
German merchants in the nineteenth-century Atlantic
By the mid-1990s, shuttle trade - a practice in which individual peddlers travel abroad and then return with foreign merchandise in their suitcases for resale - constituted the backbone of Russian consumer trade and was a substantial source of revenue. This book assesses the reasons why women were attracted to this business.
Sogdian traders : a history
Modeling a criterion for selecting the edge exchange heuristic for solving the travelling salesman problem
Tradition and innovation in English retailing, 1700 to 1850
This edition of the trading privileges granted to the merchants of England by the princes of the Low Countries reveals the increasing value of cross-Channel trade throughout the 14th and 15th centuries. French, Latin, and Dutch texts are accompanied by the 15th century English translations, forming a unique historical and linguistic tool.
On the allocation of computing time in traveling salesman heuristics
Economic institutional change in Tokugawa Japan : Osaka and the Kinai cotton trade
Captain Cat
A country merchant, 1495-1520 : trading and farming at the end of the Middle Ages
The diary of Thomas Turner : 1754-1765
The rapid increase of microfinance companies in Ghana : the challenges and its effect on petty traders : case Pimcel Microfinance Company Limited
Foreign enterprise during Helsinki's 450 years
Peruvian street lives : culture, power, and economy among market women of Cuzco
The empire of the St. Lawrence : by Donald Creighton
Les Arméniens dans le commerce asiatique au début de l'ère moderne = Armenians in Asian trade in the early modern era
Purchasing identity in the Atlantic world : Massachusetts merchants, 1670-1780
The sentry
The first merchant venturers : the ancient Levant in history and commerce
Medieval merchant ventures : collected studies
The shadow of the wind : a novel
Women and the birth of Russian capitalism : a history of the shuttle trade
The house of the mosque
