http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5624 science of metals
science of metals metallography
Metals, ceramics and polymers : an introduction to the structure and properties of engineering materials
Steel metallurgy for non-metallurgists
Wavelet methods for dynamical problems : with application to metallic, composite, and nano-composite structures
Metals & alloys in the unified numbering system
InnoSteel - true stories made out of steel
On the chemistry and stability of ternary precipitates in microalloyed steels
Thermodynamic description of liquid, bcc and fcc phases of ternary Fe-Si-C system
Über Schmuck und Stein : Zeitgenössische Schmuck- und Objektgestaltung im Fachbereich Edelstein- und Schmuckdesign der Fachhochschule in Idar-Oberstein = On Jewelry and Gems : contemporary jewelry and object design at the Department of Gem- and Jewelry-design of the Fachhochschule Idar-Oberstein
Some heat capacity and thermometric investigations at ultralow temperatures
Metals technic : a collection of techniques for metalsmiths
Diffusion and microstructure data for copper alloys
Design of steel structures (for students of B.E./B.Tech)
The metrics of material and metal ecology : harmonizing the resource, technology and environmental cycles
Surface preparation and microscopy of materials
The calculation of quench stresses in steel
Tools and rules. Metalwork
Medium range order and structural transformations in some metallic glasses
Praktikum Goldschmieden  : Aktuelles Fachwissen in anschaulichen Bilderfolgen und informartiven Texten = Practical goldsmith : the latest techniques presented in a series of clear illustrations and informative texts. 7, Silber Teil 1 = Silver part 1.
Metal-work : technical English. Workbook
Formation of coherent Cu[sub 4]Ti precipitates in copper-rich copper-titanium alloys
Osteological material from the Stone Age and Early Metal Period sites in Karelian Isthmus and Ladoga Karelia
Expert : English for metal workers
Engineering materials technology : structures,  processing, properties and selection
Engineering materials. 1, An introduction to properties, applications and design
Switch on to English. 2, Mechanical engineering
Annealing of butt welded pipes : mathematical modelling and numerical analysis of stress redistribution and cracking susceptibility during uniform and local heat treatments
Metals handbook. 9, Metallography and microstructures
Structure of metals : crystallographic methods, principles and data
Defect formation during solidification in grey iron castings
Hietamäki in Jämsä : a multi-period dwelling site in Central Finland
Metal jewelry techniques
"Considering that wavelet transforms have proved useful in the solution and analysis of engineering mechanics problems, up to now there has been no sufficiently comprehensive text on this use. Wavelet Methods for Dynamical Problems: With Application to Metallic, Composite, and Nano-Composite Structures addresses this void, exploring the special value of wavelet transforms and their applications from a mechanical engineering perspective. It discusses the use of existing and cutting-edge wavelet methods for the numerical solution of structural dynamics and wave propagation problems." "Available books on wavelet transforms generally cover their mathematical aspects and effectiveness in signal processing and as approximation bases for solution of differential equations. However, this book discusses how wavelet transforms are an optimal tool for solving ordinary differential equations obtained by modeling a structure. It also demonstrates the use of wavelet methods in solving partial differential wave equations related to structural dynamics, a topic that has not been sufficiently explored in the literature to this point. Many well-established transforms, such as Fourier, have severe limitations in handling finite structures and specifying non-zero boundary/initial conditions. As a result, they have limited utility in solving real-world problems involving high frequency excitation." "This book carefully illustrates how the use of wavelet techniques removes all these shortcomings and has a potential to become a sophisticated analysis tool for handling dynamical problems in structural engineering. Designed to be useful for both professional researchers and graduate students alike, it provides MATLAB scripts that can be used to solve problems and numerical examples that illustrate the efficiency of wavelet methods and emphasize the physics involved."--Book jacket.
Physical simulation of hot working : measurements of flow stress and recrystallization kinetics
Educational programme stainless steel
The theory and practice of goldsmithing
Albright's chemical engineering handbook
Computer simulations of diffusional reactions in multicomponent alloys with special applications to steel
Recent developments in functional graded materials
Materials principles and practice
Materials around us : metals, plastics and paper
Praktikum Goldschmieden  : Aktuelles Fachwissen in anschaulichen Bilderfolgen und informartiven Texten = Practical goldsmith : the latest techniques presented in a series of clear illustrations and informative texts. 6, Palladium = Palladium
Adsorption of molecules on metal surfaces studied by high resolution core level photoemission
Organometallics. 2, Complexes with transition metal-carbon [pi]-bonds
Thermodynamic evaluation of the Cu-Li-Mg and Cu-Mg-Zr systems
Metals handbook. 10, Materials characterization
Crystal structure, preparation, hydrogen absorbtion and electrochemical properties of AB2 Laves-Phase pseudobinary intermetalic compounds
Annual book of ASTM standards 2013 : section 3, Metals test methods and analytical procedures. Vol. 03.01, Metals - mechanical testing ; elevated and low-temperature tests ; metallography
Thermodynamic modelling of aqueous metal sulfate solutions
ASM handbook. Volume 9, Metallography and microstructures
Jewelry concepts and technology
Simplified thermodynamic descriptions for systems Cu-Al, CuSn and CuZn
A Thermodynamic analysis of the system Fe-Cr-Ni-C-O
Jewellery making : a manual of techniques
The role of microstructure in metals : an introductory volume
The structure and strength of metals
Magnetic shape memory (MSM) effect in Ni-Mn-Ga alloy
Praktikum Platinschmieden : Aktuelles Fachwissen in anschaulichen Bilderfolgen und informartiven Texten = Practical platinumsmith : the latest techniques presented in a series of clear illustrations and informative texts. 1.
Thermodynamic substitutional solution data for steels
Praktikum Goldschmieden  : Aktuelles Fachwissen in anschaulichen Bilderfolgen und informartiven Texten = Practical goldsmith : the latest techniques presented in a series of clear illustrations and informative texts. 8, Silber Teil 2 = Silver part 2.
Marks' standard handbook for mechanical engineers
Materials in mechanical extremes : fundamentals and applications
Atomistic studies of structural changes in metallic glasses and thin films under far-from-equilibrium conditions
Introduction to precious metals : metallurgy for jewelers & silversmiths
Metal techniques for craftsmen : a basic manual for craftsmen on the methods of forming and decorating metals
Facilities for production of bulk amorphous metals, and evaluation thereof using alloy Zr55Cu30Al10Ni5
Calculation of thermodynamic WLE data for liquid Fe-, Ni-, Cu and Al-base alloys from substitutional solution assessments
Texture and anisotropy : preferred orientations in polycrystals and their effect on materials properties
