http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5628 single-parent families
single-parent families
Lone-parent families : the economic challenge
Lost River
One-parent families in the member states of the European Union
The tail of Emily Windsnap
Lone-parent families in Finland : labour force participation, income and family-policy support
Hallowed
My name is Mina
Alternative patterns of family life in modern societies
More happy than not
My sister lives on the mantelpiece
Unearthly
Miracle on I-40
"Work is good for you" : lone mothers, children, work and well-being
Family ideology and social policy : policies towards lone parents in Norway and the UK
Summer with my sister
The man who disappeared
Dan in real life
The distance between us
Lost in the forest
Aftermath : on marriage and separation
Tiny sunbirds far away
Thirteen-year-old Conor awakens one night to find a monster outside his bedroom window, but not the one from the recurring nightmare that began when his mother became ill--an ancient, wild creature that wants him to face truth and loss.
Poverty and social exclusion among lone-parent households
Redemption
Work incentives in single parent families
Changing Britain : families and households in the 1900s
Speak to me!
Work and financial survival in the life stories of Finnish lone mothers : complicating the existing research narrative on the financial aspects of lone motherhood
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 41, 2005
The role of the father in child development
Poverty and the lone-parent : the challange to social policy
When you reach me
A monster calls
Blue bloods. The third season
"The popular American sitcom Modern Family, featuring the trials, tribulations and, in many ways, very ordinary lives of three related contemporary families, including Jay, a middle-aged father who is remarried to a much younger Columbian woman who has a son from a previous marriage, Jay's daughter and her traditional family with a hands-on father and their three children, and Jay's gay son, his male partner and their adopted Vietnamese daughter, highlights the diverse ways in which families are formed today. Although Modern Family is a parody of present-day family life, the reality is even more extraordinary"--
And they lived happily ever after : norms and everyday practices of family and parenthood in Russia and Central Europe
The black heart
Poverty and single parent families : a study of minimal subsistance household budgets
"On his thirty-fifth birthday, Jake St. Cloud inherits a fortune--and learns the whereabouts of his mysterious half-brother. On her deathbed, Selma St. Cloud revealed that Jake had a sibling, a product of his father's affair. At last, Jake is in a position to track down Alex Rosario and make amends for their father's past neglect. At least, that's the plan. When their initial meeting goes badly, a distraught Jake crashes his car and is sentenced to community work--with Alex as his parole officer. Jake must spend a year helping Angelica Dancer and her daughter, Fancy, at the Dancer Foundation for neglected children. Fancy, scarred within and without by the accident that ended her ballet career, is even less happy with the arrangement than Jake. Yet as they're thrown together, Jake, Alex, Angelica, and Fancy make unexpected connections. And as he unravels the painful truths of his past, Jake realizes that his mother's greatest gift to him lies not in his inheritance, but in the future, and the family, he's slowly piecing together" --
Friday nights
Megan's mate : A selection from the Calhoun Women: Suzanna & Megan
Young people leaving home
The vine of desire : a novel
Lost river
Support of the one parent families in the Finnish welfare society
The politics of the family
Fancy dancer
When Thomas Peaceful's older brother is forced to join the British Army, Thomas decides to sign up as well, although he is only fourteen years old, to prove himself to his country, his family, his childhood love, Molly, and himself / Libray of Congress.
A Monster Calls
Changing family values
Alone together : voices of single mothers
Dockside at Willow Lake
Lone parenthood : an economic analysis
Wolf Children : Ame & Yuki
One day at a time
The silk factory
Man at the helm : a novel
Being grown-up is cool (not!)
Modern families : parents and children in new family forms
Good enough mothering : feminist perspectives on lone motherhood
Marriage and caste in America : separate and unequal families in a post-marital age
Mom. The complete first season
Doing better for children
Mom. The complete second season
The association between single-parent family background and physical morbidity, mortality, and criminal behaviour in adulthood
The Calhoun women : Suzanna & Megan
The Christmas party
The other child
Lone mothers in European welfare regimes : shifting policy logics
"Modern Families brings together research on parenting and child development in new family forms including lesbian mother families, gay father families, families headed by single mothers by choice and families created by assisted reproductive technologies such as in vitro fertilisation (IVF), egg donation, sperm donation, embryo donation and surrogacy. This research is examined in the context of the issues and concerns that have been raised regarding these families. The findings not only contest popular myths and assumptions about the social and psychological consequences for children of being raised in new family forms but also challenge well-established theories of child development that are founded upon the supremacy of the traditional family. It is argued that the quality of family relationships and the wider social environment are more influential in children's psychological development than are the number, gender, sexual orientation, or biological relatedness of their parents or the method of their conception"--
Overstretched : European families up against the demands of work and care
Not a piece of cake : ambivalence about female-headed families
An economic analysis of lone motherhood in Sweden
One step closer to you
Policy changes, employment, and single parenthood in Finland
Marcia Calhoun Forecki has written an engrossing, personal account of her life with Charlie, an adorable, active, deaf seven-year-old. Speak to Me! is the story of an ordinary hearing person confronted with an overwhelming reality--the fact that her son is deaf. Forecki's struggle as a single parent to care for her child, to find the "right" schools, and to establish communication with her son will strike a familiar chord in all hearing parents of deaf children. All readers, parents or not, will be touched by the mixture of pathos and humor in this well-written account.
Families at risk
Going solo : single mothers by choice
Family ties : a novel
Blue bloods. The fourth season
All that glistens
