http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p562 performing (artistic creation)
performing (artistic creation)
The right way to sing
Cognitive processes in the learning and performance of North Indian classical music on the sitar
Getting your solo act together
Discourse in Signed Languages
Performing objects and theatrical things
Improvising blues piano : ... an understanding of different blues styles..
Performing in musicals
The Schubert song cycles : with thoughts on performance
Improvisation : its nature and practice in music
The psychology of the actor
Notes from the green room : coping with stress and anxiety in musical performance
The art & technique of practice
Acoustics and the performance of music
The Art of rhythmic expression
Digital Animation Workflow for Live Cinema : "Roll" - Visual Performance
Reflections on stage : an investigation of projection as character
Spin-Fold-Spill : a textual investigation about role-play, narrative, and fictitious truths
Performance on lute, guitar and vihuela : historical practice and modern interpretation
Popular music. 4, Performers and audiences
The making of a monologue : Robert Wilson's Hamlet
Garage to gigs : a musician's guide / Andrew S. Thomas
Performing gender, place, and emotion in music : global perspectives
Gymnastics of the voice. : A system of correct breathing in singing and speaking, based upon physiological laws
Abstract.
INTERPRETING POPULAR MUSIC AT THE KEYBOARD
The education of a concert-goer
Great answers to tough questions at work
The Jane Austen marriage manual
The audition process : anxiety management and coping strategies
The study was planned to find evidence on potential cultural factors in occurrence and distribution of soil-living mites (Oribatida and Mesostigmata) in Finland. Samples were taken from meadows, gardens and forest edges at (a) isolated cottages and (b) culturally exposed farms in two areas, Sipoo/Mäntsälä and Ilomantsi. Multiple factorial analyses revealed significant differences only between the areas. Number of species was lower in Ilomantsi, where several ”southern” species were absent. The typical forest species were more abundant in the forest habitat. There was no difference between ”Cottages” and ”Farms”..
Stage acting techniques
The fool and his scepter : a study in clowns and jesters and their audience
The effects of systematically varying selected factors on music performance adjudication
A conducting workbook with CD-ROM video
Impressionism : Capturing the Illusive Image
Profile work for authenticity : self-presentation in social network services
Body, paper, stage : writing and performing autoethnography
Gig guide : classic rock set : The performance guide for bands : vocals, guitar, keyboard, bass, drums
Music Sounded Out : Essays, Lectures, Interviews, Afterthoughts
The Burlesque handbook
Effects of tempo, bass loudness, and tonic chors degree on the perception and performance of intonation by wind instrumentalists
The senses in performance
This book takes a fresh 'how to' approach to Practice as Research. At the 'performance turn' it argues that old prejudices should be abandoned and that a PaR methodology and its modes of 'doing-knowing' should be fully accepted in the academy. It refines Robin Nelson's earlier models for PaR but sustains the dynamic and dialogic interplay between different modes of knowledge-production in a multi-mode research inquiry. It advances strategies for articulating and evidencing the research inquiry and offers practical guidance to practitioner-researchers on how to conduct a PaR inquiry. With reference to examples drawn from a decade of supervisory, examining and audit experience, Nelson addresses - and offers answers to - the many questions students, professional practitioner-researchers, regulators and examiners have posed in this domain. To broaden the perspective and take account of differing levels of acceptance and development of programmes in PaR around the word, in Part II of the book six international contributors respond to Part I and afford cross-sights from the standpoint of their territory (covering the US, Europe, South Africa and New Zealand).
Interviews with Inspiration : A Concise Reading List for the Modern Student of Historically Informed Performance
Musical creativity : multidisciplinary research in theory and practice
Text, play, and story : the construction and reconstruction of self and society
The mental representation of trait and autobiographical knowledge about the self
Identity problems in the Facebook era
Learning to sing nonclassical music
Romeo and Juliet
Musik und Sprache : Interpretation der Musik des Frühbarock nach überlieferten Regeln = Music and language : interpretation of early baroque music according to traditional rules ; english translation by François Lilienfeld
How did Brahms conduct his four symphonies? What did he want from other conductors when they performed these works, and to which among them did he give his approval? And crucially, are there any stylistic pointers to these performances in early recordings of the symphonies made in the first half of the twentieth century? Christopher Dyment provides a comprehensive and in-depth answer to these important issues. Drawing together the strands of existing research with extensive new material from a wide range of sources, he presents a vivid picture of historic performance practice in Brahms's era and the half-century that followed. Here is a remarkable panorama showcasing Brahms himself conducting, together with those conductors whom he heard, among them Levi, Richter, Nikisch, Weingartner and Fritz Steinbach, and their disciples, such as Toscanini, Stokowski, Boult and Fritz Busch. Here, too, are other famed Brahms conductors of the early twentieth century, including Furtwangler and Abendroth, whose connections with the Brahms tradition are closely examined. The author then analyses recordings of the symphonies by these conductors and highlights aspects which the composer might well have commended. Finally, Dyment suggests the importance of his conclusions for those contemporary conductors who are currently attempting to rediscover genuine performance traditions in their own re-creations of the symphonies. This study is complemented with photographs and a frontispiece.
Essential songwriting : everything you need to compose, perform and sell great songs
How to give a pretty good presentation : a speaking survival guide for the rest of us
The essentials of beautiful singing : a three-step kinesthetic approach
Designing and managing a research project : a business student's guide
Soviet theatre : new ideas
"Performing Objects and Theatrical Things rethinks historical and contemporary theatre, performance, and cultural events from the perspective of the objects and things that activate stages, venues, environments, and archives. Embracing methodologies from across the humanities and social sciences, we understand physical materials as actants, with particular frequencies, energies, and potentials to affect human and nonhuman worlds. The texts, stage properties, instruments, costumes, photographs, and detritus that animate this collection emerge from the thirteenth- to the twenty-first century, traversing sites across Europe and North America. Challenging anthropocentric narratives that foreground humans as sole agents, our authors present object and 'thingcentric' methodologies that range from deeply personal autoethnographic reflections and close textual readings to carefully researched archival studies and rhizomatic explorations of an object's journey from one place and time to another"--
Gig guide : blues set : The performance guide for bands : vocals, guitar, keyboard, bass, drums
Communication in everyday life : the basic course edition with public speaking
Interpreting Bach at the keyboard
Opera coaching : professional techniques and considerations
A choreographer's handbook
The tangible in music : the tactile learning of a musical instrument
Interpretive master planning. Volume 2, Selected essays : philosophy, theory and practice
One on one : playing with a purpose : monologues for kids ages 7-15
Effective: Presentations
Cultural factors in the distribution of soil mites in Finland
Images : the piano music of Claude Debussy
Total singing tutor : the complete guide to singing, performing & recording
Act and the actor : making the self
Tennessee Williams : A casebook
Measurement and instrumentation systems
Rant in E-minor
Relationships between college level wind instrumentalists' achievement in intonation perception and performance
Musical excellence : strategies and techniques to enhance performance
Successful presenting in a week
In the age of digital music it seems striking that so many of us still want to produce music concretely with our bodies, through the movement of our limbs, lungs and fingers, in contact with those materials and objects which are capable of producing sounds. The huge sales figures of musical instruments in the global market, and the amount of time and effort people of all ages invest in mastering the tools of music, make it clear that playing musical instruments is an important phenomenon in human life. By combining the findings made in music psychology and performative ethnomusicology, Marko Aho shows how playing a musical instrument, and the pleasure musicians get from it, emerges from an intimate dialogue between the personally felt body and the sounding instrument. An introduction to the general aspects of the tactile resources of musical instruments, musical style and the musician is followed by an analysis of the learning process of the regional kantele style of the Perho river valley in Finnish Central Ostrobothnia.
Bewitched! : 11 magical pieces for piano. Grades 1-2
The inner game of music : overcome obstacles, improve concentration and reduce nervousness to reach a new level of musical performance
Messiah : understanding and performing Handel's masterpiece
The presentation coach : bare knuckle brilliance for every presenter
The routledge dance studies reader
The musician's way : a guide to practice, performance, and wellness
A midsummer night's dream
Composers' intentions? : lost traditions of musical performance
Shakespeare in the theatre
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
The expressive moment : how interaction (with music) shapes human empowerment
Brahms, the four symphonies
Winning presentations : how to sell your ideas and yourself
The power of satire
Casting directors' secrets : inside tips for successful auditions
More than singing : The interpretation of songs
Piano lessons with Claudio Arrau : a guide to his philosophy and techniques
The theater experience
Musical form and musical performance
The burlesque handbook
Dance on Broadway : Wii
Some texts and a performance story. All motivated by the author's interest in space, in this that surrounds, and that interest, in turn, originating from the author's earlier studies in cultural anthropology, in observing and experiencing the surrounding animate and inanimate world. The texts in this thesis are alternating between academic and creative writing. They are texts written on a specific site on Suomenlinna island in Helsinki,  Finland, as part of the performance ”Beyond the Wind in Front of Me / A Space Ship Journey” story or prologues to that, and the more academic ones supporting them or growing out of them, being accompanied also by the thoughts and practices of others. The main research questions and themes being How to perceive this that surrounds me? What is space, what does it consist of? Is it something that simply surrounds me? Am I a part of it or is it a part of me? How can a space be researched? How to activate a space?  What kind of mental images do spaces/places create/uncover/open up in us? How to animate/make alive those images? Body giving meaning to space via actions created by the body. Physical environment contra emotional,  imaginary, visionary one. Presence in a space/place. Physical and mental presence. Presence in memories.
Drama : a guide to the study of plays
Taking it to the bridge : music as performance
The Interpretation of Early Music
Scientists must speak : bringing presentations to life
Laughing and weeping in early modern theatres
The rock bible : unholy scripture for fans & bands
Piano playing ; : with piano questions answered
Notes on the piano
Using voice and movement in therapy : the practical application of voice movement therapy d Paul Newham
A performer's guide to music of the classical period
A double bassist's guide to refining performance practices
Practice as research in the arts : principles, protocols, pedagogies, resistances
Imagining some space
The composer-pianists : Hamelin and The Eight
With your own two hands : self-discovery through music
The art of storytelling : telling truths through telling stories
THE INTERPRETATION OF EARLY MUSIC
Performance success : Performing your best under pressure
The impact of performance as research : proceedings of Carpa3 - colloquium on artistic research in performing arts
Sing along pop hits : for male singers : sing 8 chart-topping pop hits with a professional band
Wagner's Meistersinger : performance, history, representation
Effortless mastery : liberating the master musician within : 1998 seminar at the New York IAJE
A multi-semiotic genre : the conference slide show
Showtime! : Over 75 ways to put on a show
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
Performance Psychology : Perception, Action, Cognition, and Emotion
Drama : between poetry and performance
The nature of representation : a phenomenological inquiry
Talk on musical interpretation : visual tools for perceived dynamics and points of gravity
Adventures in singing : a progress for exploring, discovering, and developing vocal potential
How to become a star : 12 simple steps to celebrity & fame : image, talent, auditions, media
Algorithmic foundation of multi-scale spatial representation
How to audition for the musical theatre : a step-by-step guide to effective preparation
Choral arranging
Turn up the volume! : a celebration of African music
I can see you naked : a fearless guide to making great presentations
The oral interpretation of literature
Word & image : articulations on literature & films
The art of string quartet playing : practice, technique and interpretation : with 132 examples in full score
Spin-Fold-Spill is a solo performance, installation and written thesis that  explores the Role-System, a system of roles that represents parts of a  personality. The performance and installation took place during May 2011. This written component articulates and documents the performance whilst  aiming to re-perform the live performance in a textual form. This body of  work fits within the fields of live art and performance studies.  Spin-Fold-Spill is about how to obscure autobiographical material through  the fiction of roles. It is about exploring monologue, about speaking  subjects, about telling ones own story and simultaneously playing with the  certainty of whose story it is/ was.  The body of the performance and this written component are structured in  twelve parts that are represented by twelve colour combinations. The  audience / reader can choose the order by selecting a colour order of their  choice.  Various overlapping themes are explored within Spin-Fold-Spill such as:  multiple persona in artistic practice, compartmentalisation, melancholia  and performativity, storytelling, and the function of the video camera in  developing a role's fictitious history.
"Alex Haley, author of the phenomenal best-seller Roots, reconstructed his family's past with the aid of a griot, an African oral historian/musician/diplomat/advisor (among many other roles). The well-illustrated Griots and Griottes is the first comprehensive portrait of the world of this profession, starting with its discovery by the outside world in 1352 by a North African traveler up to the present. Based on over 30 years of research and travel in Africa, Griots and Griottes tells the story of these remarkable wordsmiths and performers."--Publisher's website.
Style and idea : selected writings
How to display data
Script Culture and the American Screenplay
Putting on a play
The non-human and the inhuman in performing arts : bodies, organisms and objects in conflict : proceedings of Carpa4 - colloquium on artistic research in performing arts
Impro : improvisation and the theatre
Amazing phrasing alto saxophone : 50 ways to improve your improvisational skills
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Acting for life : a textbook on acting
Interpretive master planning. Volume 1, Strategies for the new millennium
The saxophone intonation workshop
Charm and speed : virtuosity in the performing arts
The musician's breath : the role of breathing in human expression
Musical thoughts & afterthoughts
Dance production : design and technology
How to successfully manage dance-related business in a highly competitive environment
Making data meaningful. Part 2, A guide to presenting statistics
The Songs of Robert Schumann
Conducting the Brahms symphonies : from Brahms to Boult
Rehearse, Direct and Play : A Student's Guide to Group Music Making
Musical gestures : sound, movement, and meaning
The expressive moment is that point in time when we grasp a situation and respond quickly, even before we are aware of it. In this book, Marc Leman argues that expression drives this kind of interaction, and he proposes a general framework for understanding expressive interactions. He focuses on the dynamic, fast, and pre-reflective processes underlying our interactions with music whether we are playing an instrument, dancing, listening, or using new interactive technologies. Music offers a well-established domain for studying these fast and interactive processes, and Leman argues that understanding the power of expressive interaction through music may help us understand cognitive processing in other domains, including language, human action coordination, human-animal interaction, and human-machine interaction.
Performing processes
Signifying music and the self : interpretative decisions of a performer
The oral style
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
From machine learning to learning with machines:remodeling the knowledge discovery process
The piano master classes of Franz Liszt, 1884-1886 : diary notes of August Göllerich
The history of music in performance : the art of musical interpretation from the Renaissance to our day
The art of practicing : a guide to making music from the heart
50 Melodies francaises = 50 French songs : Lecons de style et d'interpretation = Fifty lessons in style and interpretation
Performing twentieth-century music : a handbook for conductors and instrumentalists
Preparing for performance: an examination of musical practice as a function of expertise
El dilemma del Sonido en la Guitarra = The dilemma of timbre on the guitar =Le dilemme du son à la guitare
Improvisation and performance techniques for classical and acoustic guitar
Performing music : shared concerns
The figure of the singer
Performance making : a manual for music workshops
Stage performance
Spatial data modelling for 3D GIS
Marketing plan for a circus production : case company: Cie Nuua
Griots and griottes : masters of words and music
Tips for singers : performing, auditioning and rehearsing
Choral technique and interpretation
Singing in style : a guide to vocal performance practices
Performance studies : the interpretation of aesthetic texts
The Shakespeare encyclopedia : the complete guide to the man and his works
Towards a theory of musical reproduction : notes, a draft and two schemata
Alfred Brendel on music : collected essays
