http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5627 single parents
single parents
One day in May
Helping mothers escape poverty : as European policy shows, better wages and generous social supports are a better cure than promoting marriage
The Andalucian friend
The memory thief
Nothing lasts forever
Instructions for bringing up scarlett
Lost River
The wedding day
Mummy said the f-word
10 reasons not to fall in love
Lone-parent families in Finland : labour force participation, income and family-policy support
Hallowed
My name is Mina
Shades of blue
What I love about you
Lone (m)others : deconstructions of lone parenthood discourse in the Finnish parliament
Unearthly
Miracle on I-40
When the issue of welfare is addressed in Sweden analysis is usually focused on the national level, in a smaller number of cases on the local level, but rarely on the regional level. Studies on poverty are no exception. The aim of this paper is to analyse child poverty in Sweden, from a regional perspective, in 1990 and 2010. A multivariate cross-section OLS regression model is used to estimate regional factors causing child poverty. Regional macro data is used. The findings indicate that old industrial regions experience greater child poverty. The statistical analysis shows that when the share of foreign-born individuals increases in the regional population, so does the regional share of children living on social assistance. Higher incomes lower the regional share of children living on social assistance.
The mistake I made
The lost diaries of Adrian Mole, 1999-2001
Destiny's surrender
The boy who fell to Earth
Summer with my sister
Playing with the grown-ups
The man who disappeared
Private lives and public responses
The distance between us
The Pro
Making ends meet : how single mothers survive welfare and low-wage work
The promise
Sliding with Suzanne
Anything for love
Tiny sunbirds far away
Take a chance on me
Everything to lose
A married man
Too close for comfort
Alaventam cilai = Don't cry, Sly!
Work incentives in single parent families
The New uprooted : single mothers in urban life
The playground mafia
The Friday night knitting club
Pitied but not entitled : single mothers and the history of welfare 1890-1935
Phillip Snowe is a genius of the advertising world but what he can no longer do is sell himself to himself. Struggling to find meaning, he quits his career to give something back. Julia, his wife, a brilliant and beautiful lawyer, fights her own demons, but with her intelligence and hard work, she believes she can keep them at bay. And so far she has. Into their lives comes Laura Cusack, a single mother torn between the demands of her young daughters and her own unfilled passions.
The timer game
Don't look back
A mother's secret
The mysterious Miss Mayhew
The woman who upped and left
With or without you : a memoir
A Summer at Sea
The beach house
Young wives' tales
Lone motherhood in twentieth-century Britain : from footnote to front page
The next best thing
The guest cottage
What will survive?
Tell it to the bees
The happy home for broken hearts
Christmas magic
Last night in Twisted River
The single parent's handbook
When you reach me
The first love cookie club
I will marry George Clooney (by Christmas)
The sweetest thing
People places things
All you need is love
Single fathers
Porch lights
The mountain can wait
The lying game
East Yorkshire: Single mum Alice Lake finds a man on the beach outside her house. He has no name, no jacket, no idea what he is doing there. Against her better judgement she invites him in to her home. Surrey: Twenty-one-year-old Lily Drew has only been married for three weeks. When her new husband fails to come home from work one night she is left stranded in a new country where she knows no one. Then the police tell her that her husband never existed.
Megan's mate : A selection from the Calhoun Women: Suzanna & Megan
"On his thirty-fifth birthday, Jake St. Cloud inherits a fortune--and learns the whereabouts of his mysterious half-brother. On her deathbed, Selma St. Cloud revealed that Jake had a sibling, a product of his father's affair. At last, Jake is in a position to track down Alex Rosario and make amends for their father's past neglect. At least, that's the plan. When their initial meeting goes badly, a distraught Jake crashes his car and is sentenced to community work--with Alex as his parole officer. Jake must spend a year helping Angelica Dancer and her daughter, Fancy, at the Dancer Foundation for neglected children. Fancy, scarred within and without by the accident that ended her ballet career, is even less happy with the arrangement than Jake. Yet as they're thrown together, Jake, Alex, Angelica, and Fancy make unexpected connections. And as he unravels the painful truths of his past, Jake realizes that his mother's greatest gift to him lies not in his inheritance, but in the future, and the family, he's slowly piecing together" --
Poverty and single parent families : a study of minimal subsistance household budgets
The welcome home garden club
Knit one, pearl one
Pastures new
The last day I saw her
Solution-focused child therapy
Fancy dancer
Reconciliation of work and care among lone mothers of adults with intellectual disabilities: the role and limits of care capital
Genoa Bay : a novel
The golden girls
The things we do for love
Out of wedlock : a study of the problems of the unmarried mother and her child
Sometimes the wolf : a novel
I found you
Special topics in calamity physics
The employment of lone parents : a comparison of policy in 20 countries
Mad about the boy
The one-parent family in the 1980s : perspectives and annotated bibliography 1978-1984
The newcomer
Dockside at Willow Lake
Lone parenthood : an economic analysis
One day at a time
The silk factory
Man at the helm : a novel
Child Poverty in a Regional Perspective: A Study of Sweden 1990 and 2010.
The 39-year-old virgin
It's the summer of 1933 and Alice Eveleigh has arrived at Fiercombe Manor in disgrace. Hiding her shame in this isolated house concealed within a Gloucestershire valley in the care of housekeeper, Mrs Jelphs, Alice soon begins to sense that something isn't quite right within the walls of this beautiful manor - for one thing she is being watched...There are secrets at Fiercombe that those who remain there are determined to keep. Tragedy haunts the empty rooms and foreboding hangs heavy in the stifling heat. Traces of the previous occupant, Elizabeth Stanton, are everywhere, and Alice discovers Elizabeth's life eerily mirrors the path she herself is on. The past is set to repeat its sorrows, and with devastating consequences.
Childcare in the balance : how lone parents make decisions about work
"Single mom Sidonie Lindstrom has her hands full with a troubled foster son, an abrupt adjustment to country living, and an unforeseen lack of funds.  When her taciturn neighbor, MacKenzie Knightley, repeatedly offers practical help, Sid reminds herself she's not interested--despite his kindness, pragmatism, and quiet charm.  MacKenzie sees the vulnerability beneath her pride, and he's determined to change her mind."-- back cover.
Little beauty
The true love quilting club
The economic well-being of never- and ever-married single mother families : a cross-national comparison
The Calhoun women : Suzanna & Megan
Fatherless children
The other child
The girl in the photograph
Hero at large
Lone mothers in European welfare regimes : shifting policy logics
Sometimes the wolf
The growth of lone parenthood : diversity and dynamics
One step closer to you
Ha ooyin Islaay! = Don't cry, Sly!
The ivy chronicles : a novel
Kiss me hello
Don't want to miss a thing
The control freak chronicles
Families at risk
Touched by grace : a divine love story
Bone by bone
Wildest dreams
A very accidental love story
The hero
Barefoot season
Chasing windmills
All that glistens
Return to sender
