http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5622 accreditation
accreditation
This publication describes the project implemented in Egypt and funded through EU Twinning funding which developed the operations of the National Authority for Quality Assurance and Accreditation of Egypt (NAQAAE). Implemented in 2013−2015, the project was the first Twinning project in the education sector in Finland, and it was coordinated by the Teacher Education College of JAMK University of Applied Sciences. The authors include experts from Finland, Germany and Egypt who worked in the project. In the articles, the authors describe from various viewpoints their experiences with the implementation of the project; content development work; challenges in project management; and the everyday incidents and fascination of international project cooperation.
Occupational therapy essentials for clinical competence
Enhancing Excellence of Education in Egypt : Experiences in promoting accreditation and quality assurance system
Accreditation models in higher education : experiences and perspectives
Guidelines for the accreditation of certification bodies for environmental management systems EAC/G5 = Suositus ympäristöjärjestelmien sertifiointielinten akkreditointivaatimusten täyttämisestä
Rules for reference to accreditation
Reference to accreditation : the rules
Transnational European evaluation project : methodological reflections
Guidelines for the accreditation of certification bodies for environmental management systems, EA-7/02 = (Suositus ympäristöjärjestelmien sertifiointielinten akkreditointivaatimusten täyttämisestä)
Quality assurance in the Nordic higher education : accreditation-like practices
Enhancing excellence of education in Egypt : experiences in promoting accreditation and quality assurance system
Akkreditointitoiminnassa noudatettavat vaatimukset = Krav gällande ackrediteringsverksamheten = Requirements applied to the accreditation activities
The overall aim of the Egyptian Twinning project described here was to strengthen the institutional and technical capacity of the National Authority for Quality Assurance and Accreditation of Education (NAQAAE) in line with the relevant European best practices. The soul of Twinning is, however, about cooperation between people. Accordingly, the project stood for strengthening partner- ship between experts and institutions in Egypt, Finland and Germany. It was not about replicating European systems but rather seeking the best practices of all and for all. Solving complex challenges always raises possibilities for everyone to learn more: about the content itself through theories and their manifold applications for diverse practices, but also about organisations and cultures besides international cooperation, collegiality, friendship and ourselves as persons and experts in a multidimensional global world. In the texts here, the authors tell about their experiences of all of these.
Understanding accreditation in laboratory medicine
Akkreditointitoiminnassa noudatettavat vaatimukset = Kräv gällande ackrediteringsverksamheten = Requirements applied to the accreditation activities
Accreditation and evaluation in the European higher education area
Schemes related to peer evaluation
"Building on the foundation of the first edition, Occupational Therapy Essentials for Clinical Competence, Second Edition continues to be unique in format by using the new 2011 ACOTE Standards as a blueprint to intricately outline a plan of action for the current practice of occupational therapy. Occupation, theory-driven, evidence-based, and client-centered practice continue to be the core of the profession and is the central focus of the Second Edition of Occupational Therapy Essentials for Clinical Competence. Dr. Karen Jacobs, Nancy MacRae, and Dr. Karen Sladyk, along with more than 60 contributors, have assigned each chapter an ACOTE Standard and all ACOTE Standards are addressed throughout this forward-thinking and comprehensive new Second Edition. Occupational Therapy Essentials for Clinical Competence, Second Edition introduces every topic necessary for competence as an entry-level practitioner. Varied perspectives are provided in each chapter with consistent references made to the relevance of certified occupational therapy assistant roles and responsibilities. Inside Occupational Therapy Essentials for Clinical Competence, each chapter has been strengthened with up-to-date evidence-based information. The Second Edition continues to have student and faculty activities, evidence-based charts, multiple-choice questions, and PowerPoint presentations. Appendices also provide relevant information in an easily accessible manner. "--Provided by publisher.
Accreditation for microbiological laboratories
Accreditation model for study programmes in hotel and restaurant services
