http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5639 climate
climate
Worldwide destinations casebook : the geography of travel and tourism
Climatic adaptation of seed maturity in Scots pine and Norway spruce populations
Climate change : past, present, and future
Climate through the ages
The year without a summer? : world climate in 1816
RSPB birds: their hidden world
The economics of ecology, exchange, and adaptation : anthropological explorations
Wood deterioration, protection, and maintenance
From nanoclusters to climate forcers : global modeling of aerosol climate effects
Worldwide destinations : the geography of travel and tourism
The regional impacts of climate change : an assessment of vulnerability
Carbon finance : the financial implications of climate change
Climatic parameters and indices in plant geography
Environment, vegetation and greenness (NDVI) along the North America and Eurasia Arctic transects : focus on dynamics of arctic and sub-arctic vegetation
Climate change
The climate during the Younger Dryas stadial : comparing global atmospheric simulation experiments with climate reconstructions based on geological evidence
The global climate
Climatic trends and anomalies in Europe 1675-1715 : high resolution spatio-temporal reconstructions from direct meteorological observations and proxy data : methods and results
Cooperation and paradoxes in climate economics
The effect of climatic factors on wood anatomy of the alien red oak (Quercus rubra L.) growing in three experimental plantations in Latvia was assessed by classical dendrochronological techniques. Two tree-ring proxies - tree-ring width (TRW) and mean area of earlywood vessel lumen (VLA) - were studied on 33 trees. Annual variation of TRW amongst trees was similar (mean r = 0.46), but there was more individuality in VLA (mean r = 0.26); nevertheless, chronologies of both proxies had rather synchronous variation amongst the sites. Annual variation of TRW was affected by factors related to water deficit in late summer, as suggested by the negative effect of temperature and positive effect of precipitation that have intensified during the 20th century, likely due to warming. Although weather conditions during the dormant period did not directly affect TRW, temperature during the autumn-spring period has been the main climatic determinant of VLA likely via influence on overwintering and hence vigour of tree. This suggests that conductive properties of wood and hence the susceptibility to water deficit have been affected by weather conditions before the formation of tree rings. During the 20th century, sensitivity of VLA has shifted from temperature in winter to temperature in autumn likely due to climate change. Still, the positive effect of these factors suggests that warming of climate would increase VLA and hence the risk of embolism and xylem disfunction. Therefore, the importance of availability of water for growth of red oak in Latvia is increasing..
The changes in the Baltic Sea ice cover by 2050.
Climate and weather
Adapting to Anticipated Impacts of Climate Change in the City of Rovaniemi. Summary
Climatic change : evidence, causes, and effects ; edited by Harlow Shapley
On the parameterization of basal heat flux for sea-ice modelling
Atmosphere of hope : searching for solutions to the climate crisis
Intergovernmental Meeting on the World Climate Programme : "The Climate Agenda" : Geneva, 14-16 april 1993 : The meeting statement and report
The climate of Africa. Part 1, Air temperature, precipitation
Yield trends of temperate cereals in high lattitude countries from 1940 to 1998.
Abstract.
Planet earth
Reconstructing large-scale climatic patterns fron tree-ring data : a diagnostic analysis
Modeling the role of organic compounds in aerosol formation and cloud droplet activation
Annual cycle of the active surface layer in Western Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica
In technology we trust : moral justifications in the climate change disputes in the United States
Impacts of strong winds, heavy snow loads and soil frost conditions on the risks to forests in Northern Europe
In this review I examine the geographical patterns of the Finnish mires and the role of regional and local factors that lead to their spatial differentiation. Finland can be divided into three roughly latitudinal mire zones (from south to north): the raised bog zone, the aapa mire zone, and the palsa mire zone. The development of the raised bogs is linked to the dominance of Sphagnum, leading to the growth of a thick peat layer that rises above the level of the mineral soil. The gross morphology of an aapa mire is typically inclined and concave. Here, Sphagnum species are less dominant, probably due to spring floods which keep the mire surface minerotrophic. Both raised bogs and aapa mires have typically regularly-patterned microtopography. Seasonal movements of microtopographical features of the aapa mires reflect the morphological dynamism of the mires. Mires are also important sources of information regarding past environmental changes. Their growth pattern is affected by environmental conditions and they respond sensitively to the changes in effective humidity and other climatic variables. Most of the present microtopographical patterns have formed during the last 3,000 years as a response to gradual cooling of climate. Research on Finnish peat deposits has shown, however, that not all peat-stratigraphical changes are caused by past climate variations. They can also be due to the natural growth dynamics of the mires, such as the long-term development towards drier conditions on the surface of the raised bogs, the rhythmic growth pattern of the low hummocks, and the local changes in water table resulting from growth of hummocks and hollows.
Environmental and climatic dependences of stable isotope ratios in tree rings on different temporal scales
The great divide : history and human nature in the old world and the new
U.S. navy marine climatic atlas of the world. Volume 3, Indian Ocean
Aerosol size distribution and its connection to cloud droplet number concentration
Shrub expansion in tundra ecosystems : dynamics, impacts and research priorities
Eurasian Arctic greening reveals teleconnections and the potential for novel ecosystems
Albedo in Finland on the basis of observations on aircraft = Albedo Suomessa lentokonehavaintojen perusteella
Climate change may impose stimulations or constraints on the mycorrhizal symbiosis by increasing and fluctuating temperatures. We conducted a study to compare the soil temperature response curves (6, 12, 18, and 24 °C) of three isolates of Funneliformis mosseae from different regions and climates (Finland, Denmark, Spain), to test if the isolates from cold environments were able to grow better at lower temperatures and the isolates from warmer environments grew better at higher temperatures. The results provided clear evidence suggesting no adaptation to soil temperature in these AMF isolates. All isolates showed reduced development and very little external mycelium growth at 6 and 12 °C, and similar increased development with increasing soil temperature.  These results suggest that AMF have a narrow window to develop in cold regions where temperatures below 15 °C prevail.
Reconstruction of past UV radiation
Comparison of climate of the United States and Europe with special attention to Poland and her Baltic Coast
Some features of winter climate in Northern Fennoscandia
Counterparts of Finnish climate zones in Sweden
The climate of Canada
Parametric uncertainty in numerical weather prediction models
Impacts of climate change on forest growth : a modelling approach with application to management
Mood and atmosphere in restaurants
Weather and bird behaviour
Comparison of wood based energy related policies in Russia and Finland : case study of the Republic of Karelia and North Karelia
Man and his environment: climate
Climate change : a very short introduction
How to turn your parents green
The climate of Aas. 7, Climate correlations between neighbouring meteorological stations
Plant climate and irrigation
The global climate system : climate system monitoring : june 1986 - november 1988.
The weather in Svalbard in 1983.
How to reform the UN climate negotiations? : perspectives from the past, present and neighbour negotiations
National Geographic atlas of China
Implications of and possible responses to climate change in Sub-Saharan Africa
The climate of northern Finland
The global warming reader : a century of writing about climate change
This thoughtful book explores the scope of environmental pricing and examines a variety of national experiences in environmental policy integration to identify the most effective use of taxation and policy for environmental sustainability.
Earth
Conference on climate and water, Helsinki, Finland 11-15 September 1989 : report of conference
Contrasting tree-ring data with fire record in a pine-dominated landscape in the Komi Republic (Eastern European Russia) : recovering a common climate signal
Weather & climate
Dynamics of neutral and charged aerosol particles
Climate change - and the North Atlantic
Energy : the basics
Bio-climatic atlas of Israel
Atmospheric circulation systems and climates
Using modern and fossil pollen data for climate and human influence reconstructions in China
Weather
Management for adaptation to climate change : mid-term review of a project by total care, Malawi
Climate strategy study for Pori region
Variation in temperature challenges crop production and animal farming. Elevated temperatures are often harmful, though may also open opportunities at high latitudes. Impacts depend on the vulnerability of the object, production system and their resilience to climatic variability. The station-wise temperature observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for a time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to measure the likelihood for: 1) elevated temperatures of a) ≥1 °C above normal for three weeks, b) ≥2 °C above normal for two weeks and c) ≥3 °C above normal for one week, and 2) heatwaves with daily maximum temperature >25 °C for: a) 5 days (short) or b) 14 days (long episode). We also estimated the likelihood of warm winds in the early growing season which may enhance pest migration. We found large spatial and temporal variations in the likelihoods of elevated temperatures with many impacts on crop production, animal farming and welfare. In fact, only 1 °C temperature elevation may already be harmful, though in some cases also beneficial depending on region and vulnerability or adaptation of the object and production system. Though we show only some examples of the potential impacts of temperature variation on high latitude agro-ecosystems, these data are valuable as such for much wider applications in agriculture and beyond that.
Fire blight, which is an important disease of apples and pears, has never been detected in continental Finland. In this study the suitability of the Finnish climate for apple blossom blight infections by Erwinia amylovora was evaluated with the epidemiological model MaryblytTM. This was done in fourteen locations, and for two apple cultivars differing in flowering times. Climatic conditions were predicted to be suitable for blossom infections in 18 - 51% of the years, and the annual period of suitable conditions was predicted to last up to two to five days, depending on the location and apple cultivar. The suitable period was predicted to be longer in some locations in central Finland than in those in the southernmost parts of the country. Based on these results the official surveys that are carried out to confirm the absence of fire blight in Finland cannot be targeted only to some parts of the country.
Mires of Finland: Regional and local controls of vegetation, landforms, and long-term dynamics
Analysis of regional climate strategies in the Barents region
Climate changes and water resources in the region of the largest European lakes
Preface : the International Polar Year project 'Kinnvika' − Arctic warming and impact research at 80° N.
Travel guide to Tibet of China
The Usborne encyclopedia of planet Earth
Ethics and climate change : a study of national commitments
Interactions between land use and climate : multidisciplinary perspectives from local land use to global climate : seminar on April, 24th 2008, Viikki Info Center, Lecture Hall 1 : abstract volume
Earth : concise encyclopedia
The politics of climate change
Climate simulations for the last interglacial period by means of climate models of different complexity
A circumboreal system of climatic-phytogeographical regions
The earth's climate : past and future
Since it first appeared, this book has achieved a classic status. Reprinted many times since its publication, it remains the only work that looks in detail at the political issues posed by global warming. This new edition has been thoroughly updated and provides a state-of-the-art discussion of the most formidable challenge humanity faces this century. If climate change goes unchecked, the consequences are likely to be catastrophic for human life on earth. Yet for most people and for many policy-makers too, it tends to be a back-of-the-mind issue. We recognize its importance and even its urgency, but for the most part it is swamped by more immediate concerns. Political action and intervention on local, national and international levels are going to have a decisive effect on whether or not we can limit global warming as well as how we adapt to that already occurring. However, at the moment, argues Giddens, we do not have a systematic politics of climate change. Politics-as-usual won't allow us to deal with the problems we face, while the recipes of the main challenger to orthodox politics, the green movement, are flawed at source. Giddens introduces a range of new concepts and proposals to fill in the gap, and examines in depth the connections between climate change and energy security.
Recent global sea level acceleration started over 200 years ago
Analysis of the phenology in the Mongolian Plateau by inter-comparison of global vegetation datasets
Climate Change and the Northern Dimension : an analysis of vulnerability and adaptation policy in Finland, Sweden and Norway
Drought
Clouds and weather
Conservation biology of the great crested newt in managed boreal forests in Finland
Cultural resilience of social-ecological systems in the Nenets and Yamal-Nenets Autonomous Okrugs, Russia : a focus on reindeer nomads of the tundra
The climate of Africa
Climate considerations in building and urban design
Man, climate and architecture
There is great temporal and spatial variation in precipitation in Finland. Both drought episodes and repeated, abundant rains may interfere with crop growth, yield and quality formation, and many agricultural operations (such as tillage, sowing, crop protection and harvesting). The windows for optimal operations are often narrow due to the short growing season and variable weather conditions. Field traffic at high soil moisture may e.g. cause soil compaction. Also, the high environmental footprint on agriculture under high latitude conditions is often attributable to fluctuations in precipitation. The station-wise precipitation observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for the time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to calculate the likelihood of: 1) drought periods and 2) periods with repeated rains with above normal precipitation sum so that both of these lasted for at least a) two weeks or b) three weeks. We demonstrated substantial spatial and temporal variation in the likelihood of drought and repeated rains: drought episodes were common during the early half of the growing season, while again repeated rains with high accumulated precipitation (lasting for two weeks) became common in the latter part of the growing season. Though, we highlighted in this paper some examples of how these events may affect agriculture and their environmental impacts, the datasets published here may be applied for many other assessments.
Global warning - global warming : a review of recent publications proposing strategies to combat climate change
U. S. Navy marine climatic atlas of the world. Volume 1, North Atlantic Ocean
An outline of the climate of Greece
Survey on the use of climate scenarios and climate change research information in decision making in Finland, Sweden, and Norway : report for the project Climate change adaptation in Norway, Sweden, and Finland - do research, policy and practice meet? (CARePol) : report on results of questionnaire 2: Decision makers
Climate change and vulnerability of the Arctic elderly : an assessment from human rights point of view
Explores : Weather
Basic synoptic networks of observing stations = Réseaux synoptiques de base de stations d'observation
Windfall : the booming business of global warming
Urban gardening and civic cultivation : the environmental organization Dodo promoting the urban gardening practice
Climate : a very short introduction
Helsinki Climate workshop - workshop on past, present and future climate : 10-12 November 2008, Hotel Arthur, Helsinki, Finland : programme, abstracts, and list of participants
What determines the timberline?
This place is cold
What about China? : answers to this and other awkward questions about climate change
The sea surface and global change
Climate makes the man
Fluxes of nitrous oxide on natural peatlands in Vuotos, an area projected for a hydroelectric reservoir in northern Finland
The weather book : why it happens and where it comes from
Climatic change and variability : a southern perspective
Wild weather
Climate and plant distribution
Enchanting Australia
Contemporary climatology
Cool it : the skeptical environmentalist's guide to global warming
Environmental pricing : studies in policy choices and interactions
Scared to death : from BSE to global warming - how scares are costing us the earth
Modeling climate change impacts on European tree species : comparing statistical and dynamic models
Campbell's weather compendium
How loud can you burp? : and other extremely important questions (and answers) from the Science Museum
Irrigation and climate : new aids to engineering planning and development of water resources
Long-term changes in Baltic Sea ice conditions
Executive summary.
Dependence of the flower bud burst of some plant taxa in Finland on effective temperature sum : implications for climate warming
Temperature stress in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi : a test for adaptation to soil temperature in three isolates of Funneliformis mosseae from different climates
The science of wine : from vine to glass
Climate and history : studies in interdisciplinary history
A study of atmospheric variations on climatic and medium range time scales using bifurcation theory
The Usborne geography encyclopedia : with complete world atlas
The new Italy : a complete guide to contemporary Italian wine
The climate near the ground
The drowned world
Highest mountain deepest ocean : a pictorial compendium of natural wonders
Analysis of user trends and behavior in online and mobile weather and climate services
Surface influence on the marine and coastal antarctic atmosphere
Seed transfers of silver birch (Betula pendula) from the Baltic to Finland : effect on growth and stem quality
Reduced emissions from deforestation and forest degradation gender analysis of REDD+ and its potential impact on community resources system : case of Angai Villages Land Forest Reserve, Tanzania
Effect of weather and climatological background on snow damage of forests in Southern Finland in November 1991.
Ecological processes and large-scale climate relationships in northern coniferous forests
The surface climates of Canada
Copenhagen failure : a rhetorical treatise of how speeches unite and divide mankind
The weather handbook
Six degrees : our future on a hotter planet
The North Atlantic in the west and the Asian continent in the east regulate the general features of the climate in northern Finland. Especially in the low areas in the west, the smaller amounts of precipitation are largely due to the Scandic föhn effect. The weather conditions and microclimate in the fells differ from those in the lower areas. Temperature inversion is a common phenomenon on the slopes. Heavy snow loads in the crowns of the trees are a prominent feature of the southern fells and the eastern highlands.
The new Atlantis
Climate in review
Greece
Geology of Mongolia : a reconnaissance report based on the investigations of the years 1922-1923
Barriers to joint implementation projects in Russia : lessons learnt from the activities implemented jointly pilot phase
See inside weather and climate
Field notes from a catastrophe : a frontline report on climate change
Summary.
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: II Precipitation
Wool
Thousand years of winter surface air temperature variations in  Svalbard and northern Norway reconstructed from ice-core data
The adventures of Earth : climb, sail and explore our amazing planet
The cherrytree book of the earth
Solifluction and climatic variation in the holocene
The challenge of climate : man and his environment
Design with climate : bioclimatic approach to architectural regionalism
Comparison of several climate indices as inputs in modelling of the Baltic Sea runoff
Basic climatological data on the Kilpisjärvi area, NW Finnish Lapland
Global energy economics and climate protection report 2009
Climate change and migration
Estimation of potential production of energy wood in the Leningrad region of Russia
Global change : the proceedings of a symposium sponsored by the International council of scientific unions (ICSU) during its 20th General Assembly in Ottawa, Canada on September 25, 1984
Life as we knew it
How the weather works
Insure or invest in green technologies to protect against adverse weather events?
The God species : how the planet can survive the age of humans
Microclimate and the soils of the central part of the Hämeenkangas interlobate complex in western Finland
Wine science : Principles and applications
Middellandse zee : oceanografische en meteorologische gegevens = The Mediterranean : oceanographic and meteorological data
Tourism and global environment changce : ecological, social, economic and political interrelationships
Both the northern (latitudinal) and the upper (altitudinal) timberlines are phytogeographic transitions between the forested boreal vegetation zone and treeless areas. These two timberlines, which intermingle in northern Fennoscandia, are mainly controlled by the cold climate, although other natural and anthropogenic factors are of noticeable importance at least locally. The roles of the various controlling factors are discussed in this article. The timberline and tree line in northern Finland are usually formed by the mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa), which extends further than the Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) or the Norway spruce (Picea abies). The northern coniferous timberline in Finland follows approximately an isoline that represents an effective temperature sum of 600 degree days. Hazardous events also regulate the growth and occurrence of trees in addition to average conditions. Trees growing at the timberline have adapted themselves in many ways to the prevailing harsh circumstances. Pollen research and megafossil analyses (such as tree ring studies) show that the timberline has moved and its tree species composition has changed, primarily due to climatic fluctuations. This is one clear indication that the timberline is a dynamic 'combat zone'.
Weather and agriculture
Weather and climate
Treeline in relation to climate, with special reference to oceanic areas
Tried and tested : learning from farmers on adaptation to climate change
Towards a new climate regime? : the key players gearing up for Copenhagen
Ghosts of crises past : comparing Japanese policy effectiveness in the 1970s oil crises and contemporary climate change
Social Marketing Concept in Kotka-Kymi Parish Union's Environmental Agenda
Elephant dance : a journey to India / written by Theresa Heine ; illustrated by Sheila Moxley
The soil will save us! : how scientists, farmers, and foodies are healing the soil to save the planet
1,001 facts about Planet Earth
Climate impact on 100-year foliage chronologies of Scots pine and Ponderosa pine in the northeast lowlands of Brandenburg, Germany
The Usborne encyclopedia of planet earth
Dynamic coupling between earth's atmospheric and plasma environments
Air conservation : the report of the Air Conservation Commission of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Relation of tree-ring width and earlywood vessel size of alien Quercus rubra L. with climatic factors in Latvia
Quatitative climate reconstructions based on fossil pollen : novel approaches to calibration, validation, and spatial data analysis
Observations inhomogeneities and detection of climate change
Concepts in climatology
Weather and life : an introduction to biometeorology
Transaction costs under the Finnish CDM/JI Pilot Programme
The pocket book of weather : entertainsing and remarkable facts about our weather
The climate of London
Identifying the driving forces behind price fluctuations and potential food crisis
Hot air
International comparability of the climate indicators of the Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority (HSY)
Unprecedented low twentieth century winter sea ice extent in the Western Nordic Seas since A.D. 1200
Climatological atlas of the British Isles
Spatial variation of climate and the impact of disturbances on local climate and forest recovery in northern Finland
Interdisciplinary aspects of climate change
Urban form and greenhouse gas emissions : summary
Just climate? : politics of climate change and cnvironmental justice
The Usborne little encyclopedia of our world
Design, construction and programming of an air quality measurement device
U.S. navy marine climatic atlas of the world. Volume 6, Arctic Ocean
Dynamics of climate : the proceedings of a Conference on the Application of Numerical Integration Techniques to the Problem of the General Circulation held October 26-28, 1955
Antarctic meteorology and climatology : studies based on automatic weather stations
U.S. Navy marine climatic atlas of the world. Volume 2, North Pacific Ocean
What are rainbows made of? : helping to explain how the weather works
Finnish energy policy trends 1995-2013 : a policy orientation towards the low carbon future?
The climate of Ås. 6, the climate of Ås
Assessment of recent and possible future forest responses to climate in boreal Alaska
Investment Climate of the Russian Federation and Its Petroleum Industry
The suitability of Finnish climate for fire blight (Erwinia amylovora) epidemics on apple
From 'afflicted' to activists : structural violence and climate change discourse in the states of Pernambuco and Paraiba in northeast Brazil
General theoretical framework of the SARD-Climate project
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: I Elevated temperatures
Climatological extremes in the mountains : physical background, geomorphological and ecological consequences
Atmosphere, weather and climate
General circulation of the atmosphere
Organizational Climate Survey: OP-Services
Climate and life
Atmosphere
About planet earth
Estimates of past and future forest fire danger in Finland from a climatological viewpoint / : Hanna M. Mäkelä
Fundamentals of weather and climate
Shifts in Arctic phenology in response to  climate and anthropogenic factors as  detected from multiple satellite time series
Sub-Milankovitch solar forcing of past climates: mid and late Holocene perspectives
