http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p563 rhetoric
rhetoric
Rhetoric at Rome : a historical survey
Rhetoric and communication : studies in the University of Illinois tradition
What accounts for the seemingly atypical pattern of scriptural exegesis that Paul uses to interpret Exodus 34 in 2 Cor 3:7-18? While previous scholars have approached this question from a variety of angles, in this monograph, Michael Cover grapples particularly with the evidence of contemporaneous Jewish and Greco-Roman commentary traditions. Through comparison with Philo of Alexandria's Allegorical Commentary, the Pseudo-Philonic homilies De Jona and De Sampsone, the Anonymous Theaetetus Commentary, the Dead Sea Scrolls, Seneca's Epistulae morales, and other New Testament texts, Paul's interpretation of Exodus emerges as part of a wider commentary practice that Cover terms "secondary-level exegesis." This study also provides new analysis of the way ancient authors, including Paul, interwove commentary forms and epistolary rhetoric and offers a reconstruction of the context of Paul's conflict with rival apostles in Corinth. At root was the legacy of Moses and of the Pentateuch itself, how the scriptures ought to be read, and how Platonizing theological and anthropological traditions might be interwoven with Paul's messianic gospel.
Debating : applied rhetorical theory
Aristotle and an aardvark go to Washington : understanding political doublespeak through philosphy and jokes
Genre- and register-related discourse features in contrast
The rhetoric
Lamia : praelectio in priora Aristotelis analytica
Minor Attic orators : in two volumes. 1, Antiphon, Andocides
Rhetorical arguments : essays in honour of Lucia Calboli Montefusco
The writer's Harbrace handbook
Rethinking the rhetorical tradition : from Plato to postmodernism
The prosecutor's final report with and without the Spanish jury : interrogatives and the dialogics of orality
"What better gift could today's politician's bequath tomorrows generation?" : a rhetorical analysis of arguments in support of the International Criminal Court in the United Kingdom House of Commons 1998-2001
Speech criticism
Rhetoric and philosophy
"This will not be a Ponzi scheme" : persuasion in an American Ponzi scheme
Rhetoric : a study of the communicative and aesthetic dimensions of language
The viability of the rhetorical tradition
Political judgement : essays for John Dunn
Narrative across media : the languages of storytelling
Crossing borderlands : composition and postcolonial studies
Understanding discourse : the speech act and rhetorical action
De oratore in two volumes. I : Books I, II
The handbook of narrative analysis
Animadversiones nonnullae de obscuritate orationis, quas consentiente ampl. facultate philosophica in Reg. Acad. Aboënsi, praeside m. Henrico Gabriele Porthan, eloqu. prof. reg. et ord. Reg. acad. litt. human. et antiquitt. nec non R. Soc. Scient. Upsal. membro, pro gradu publice examinandas proponet Nicolaus Mathesius, v. d. m. Ostrobotniensis, in auditorio majori die 21 Febr. 1798. h. a. m. s.
"Salvation from unhappines by doing one's best" : a rhetorical analysis on Joel Osteen's sermons in the light of the US culture and values
Academic constraints in rhetorical criticism of the New Testament : an introduction to a rhetoric of power
Political godfathers in Nigeria : a study of Anambra State, 1999-2006
Sentence combining : a rhetorical perspective
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Art and rhetoric in Roman culture
Using a Rhetorical Framework to Predict Corruption
The poetics
Shadow economy, broken social fabric and the will to govern : Calderón rescuing Mexico
Revival speech as persuasion
The current status of the rhetorical tradition : papers from a seminar at the Norwegian Institute in Rome, October 21-28, 1995
Rhetoric, sophistry, pragmatism
Contemporary German legal philosophy
Two sides of the coin : trust building as positive propaganda in the Finnish and French euro campaign
White Trash : The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
Rhetoric and representation : exploring the cultural meaning of the natural sciences in contemporary popular science writing and literature
The epistemic power of metaphor: a rhetorical model for homiletics
The rhetoric of rhetoric : the quest for effective communication
Byzantine hymnography for the Feast of the Entrance of the Theotokos : an intermedial approach
China's rhetoric and soft power towards the Portuguese-speaking countries : the case of Angola
Italian Renaissance humanism in the mirror
George Kennedy's three volumes on classical rhetoric have long been regarded as authoritative treatments of the subject. This new volume, an extensive revision and abridgment of "The Art of Persuasion in Greece", "The Art of Rhetoric in the Roman World", and "Greek Rhetoric under Christian Emperors", provides a comprehensive history of classical rhetoric, one that is sure to become a standard for its time. Kennedy begins by identifying the rhetorical features of early Greek literature that anticipated the formulation of "metarhetoric," or a theory of rhetoric, in the fifth and fourth centuries b.c.e. and then traces the development of that theory through the Greco-Roman period. He gives an account of the teaching of literary and oral composition in schools, and of Greek and Latin oratory as the primary rhetorical genre. He also discusses the overlapping disciplines of ancient philosophy and religion and their interaction with rhetoric. The result is a broad and engaging history of classical rhetoric that will prove especially useful for students and for others who want an overview of classical rhetoric in condensed form.
Abstract: "Patriotism" as a political concept in Sweden in the 1860s.
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
The world and how we describe it : rhetorics of reality, representation, simulation
Composition : oral and written
Logic and contemporary rhetoric : the use of reason in everyday life
Rhetoric and epistemology : papers from a seminar at the Maison des Sciences de l'Homme in Paris, September 1996
Just climate? : politics of climate change and cnvironmental justice
Defining the new rhetorics
Framing and fiction : studies in the rhetoric of novel, interpretation, and history : a composition
Popular(ized) environmental rhetoric : a toulminian approach
Social construction of quality in software development
Challenges to parliamentary politics : rhetoric, representation and reform
Classical canons : rhetoric, classicism and treaty interpretation
Aristotle's Rhetoric : an art of character
Ain't no black in the Union Jack : discursive repertoires constructing a positive identity of The British National Front
The politics of citizenship tests : time, integration and the contingent polity
Multiple forms of stakeholder interaction in environmental management: business arguments regarding differences in stakeholder relationships
Norms of rhetorical culture
Papers on rhetoric XII
The distant present
Parliamentary oversight of the exceptional situations in a presidential system : debating the reassertion of the constitutional powers of the US Congress
Appealing to women : a rhetoric analysis of Mitt Romney's and Barack Obama's election debates in the 2012 presidential election
Why write? : a master class on the art of writing and why it matters
Rhetoric : concepts, definitions, boundaries
A forest of voices : reading and writing the environment
The word at war : World War Two in 100 phrases
Words like loaded pistols : rhetoric from Aristotle to Obama
Rhetoric, scripture and theology : essays from the 1994 Pretoria Conference
Of eloquence : studies in ancient and mediaeval rhetoric
Participatory critical rhetoric : theoretical and methodological foundations for studying rhetoric in situ
Rhetoric in the American and Cuban palaver on human trafficking
Crimes against logic : exposing the bonus arguments of politicians, priests, journalists, and other serial offenders
Literary rhetoric : concepts-structures-analyses
Lifting the veil : 2 Corinthians 3:7 in light of Jewish homiletic and commentary traditions
The quest for prosperity and liberty : a study on the narrative romances of Park Chung-hee and Chun Doo-hwan
Rhetoric in an antifoundational world : language, culture, and pedagogy
"That in the opinion of this House" : the parliamentary culture of debate in the nineteenth-century Cambridge and Oxford Union Societies
Paul's paradigmatic 'I' : personal example as literary strategy
Are you struggling to meet your coursework deadlines? Finding it hard to get to grips with your essay topics? Does your writing sometimes lack structure and style? Would you like to improve your grades? This text covers everything a student needs to know about writing essays and papers in the humanities and social sciences. Starting from the common difficulties students face, it gives practical examples of all the stages necessary to produce a good piece of academic work: * interpreting assignment topics * drawing on your own experience and background * reading analytically and taking efficient notes * developing your argument through introductions, middles and conclusions * evaluating and using online resources * understanding the conventions of academic culture * honing your ideas into clear, vigorous English. This book will provide you with all the tools and insights you need to write confident, convincing essays and coursework papers.
Debating "the ABCs of parliamentary life" : the learning of parliamentary rules and practices in the late nineteenth-century Finnish Diet and the early Eduskunta
"This important study takes a new approach to understanding Italian Renaissance humanism, based not on scholarly paradigms or philosophical concepts but on a neglected yet indispensable perspective: the humanists' understanding of themselves. Through a series of close textual studies, Patrick Baker excavates what humanists thought was important about humanism, how they viewed their own history, what goals they enunciated, what triumphs they celebrated -- in short, he attempts to reconstruct humanist identity. What emerges is a small, coherent community dedicated primarily not to political ideology, a philosophy of man, an educational ethos, or moral improvement, but rather to the pursuit of classical Latin eloquence. Grasping the significance this stylistic ideal had for the humanists is essential to understanding both their sense of themselves and the importance they and others attached to their movement. For eloquence was no mere aesthetic affair but rather appeared to them as the guarantor of civilisation itself"--
Essays on classical rhetoric and modern discourse
Communication criticism : developing your critical powers
Failures by design : the transparent author in English satire from Marprelate to Pope
The "art" of rhetoric
Bill Clinton on stump, state, and stage : the rhetorical road to the White House
A new history of classical rhetoric
More than words? : an analysis on the language and structure of General Election manifestos of the British Labour Party 1983 - 2005
De oratore in two volumes. II : Book III together with De fato, Paradoxa stoicorum, De partitione oratoria
Contemporary perspectives on rhetoric
The politics of rhetoric
Evolution in genre : emergence, variation, multimodality
The dialogues of Plato : in four volumes. Volume 1
Cartographies of copyright : crisis & propertization
Rhetoric, politics, and popularity in pre-revolutionary England
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2002, vol. 6.
Rhetoric and argumentation : proceedings of the international conference, Lugano, April 22-23, 1997, USI, Facolta di Scienze della communicazione
A rhetoric of reduction : Bertrand de Jouvenel's pure theory of politics as persuasion
Rethinking the history of rhetoric : multidisciplinary essays on the rhetorical tradition
Reacting to complex threats : the securitization in the speeches of Anders Fogh Rasmussen based on NATO's new strategic concept
Rhetorical questions : studies of public discourse
Persuasion & rhetoric
Contemporary apocalyptic rhetoric
A grammar of motives and A rhetoric of motives
Copenhagen failure : a rhetorical treatise of how speeches unite and divide mankind
Rhetorical memory and delivery : classical concepts for contemporary composition and communication
Kill the elevator speech : stop selling, start connecting
EU talks on gender in Cotonou policy : rhetorical analysis on gender in the European Union's dialogue with African, Caribbean and Pacific countries
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
The labyrinth of politics : a conceptual approach to the modes of the political in the Scottish enlightenment
A city of marble : the rhetoric of Augustan Rome
Ideology and opinions : studies in rhetorical psychology
Analyzing everyday texts : discourse, rhetoric, and social perspectives
Rhetorical criticism : a study in method
The SAGE handbook of rhetorical studies
"This book is an exploration of how writers take an evaluative stance in academic writing from the point of view of Appraisal theory. It focuses on introductions to research articles in English across a range of disciplines"--Provided by publisher.
As we speak : how to make your point and have it stick
Rhetoric and praxis : the contribution of classical rhetoric to practical reasoning
The art of rhetoric : (institutiones oratoriae, 1711-1741)
Rhetorical theory : an introduction
Logic and rhetoric in England, 1500-1700
A companion to rhetoric and rhetorical criticism
In defence of rhetoric
Richard Whately and his theory of reasoned discourse
The rhetoric of law
Approaches to Discourse
Readings in rhetoric
No sweat! Elevator speech : how to craft your elevator speech, floor by floor, with no sweat!
Representation, nation and time : the political rhetoric of the 1866 parliamentary reform in Sweden
Media, persuasion and propaganda
The language of advocacy : what to say and how to say it in the courts of the English-speaking peoples
Political style : the artistry of power
Aristotle's Poetics & Rhetoric
"Today the United Nations is more important than ever before" really? : analysis of the Finnish and Swedish communication styles in the General Debate of the United Nations General Assembly 1990-1999
Finnish summary.
Consolation in Philippians : philosophical sources and rhetorical strategy
On great writing : (on the sublime)
Dissemination
You talking' to me? : Rhetoric from Aristotle to Obama
Victory in exceptional war : the Estonian main narrative of the cyber attacks in 2007.
From oratory to debate : parliamentarisation of deliberative rhetoric in Westminster
Promotion and politeness : conflicting scholarly rhetoric in three disciplines
Alternative rhetorics : challenges to the rhetorical tradition
Adaptation to world trends : a rereading of the May Fourth Movement radicalization
Exceptions, Distinctions, and Processes of Identification : The 'Concrete Thought' of Carl Schmitt and US Neoconservatism as Seen through Readings of Kenneth Burke and Jacques Derrida
The rhetoric of Western thought
Appraising research : evaluation in academic writing
Elements of rhetoric
Medieval rhetorics of prose composition : five English artes dictandi and their tradition
"The role of Rhetoric through history" : NNRH 2nd Nordic Conference, University of Helsinki, 25-28 August 2002 : abstracts
Rhetorics of display
Reconstructing argumentative discourse
Arsenic and old logic. Richard Whately and his theory of reasoned discourse
Rousseau's rhetoric of 'Nature' : a study on discourse on inequality
'Let freedom reign' : the words of Nelson Mandela
"When the New Testament was read publicly, what effect did the performances have on the audience? In Delivering from Memory, William Shiell argues that these performances shaped early Christian paideia, among communities of active, engaged listeners. Using Greco-Roman rhetorical conventions, Shiell's groundbreaking study suggests that lectors delivered from memory without memorizing the text verbatim and audiences listened with their memories in a collaborative process with the performer. The text functioned as a starting place for emotion, paraphrase, correction, and instruction. In the process, the performances trained and shaped the character of the reader and the formation of the audience."--P. [4] of cover.
Quantitative research in public address and communication
Hermogenes' On types of style
Study of the flying geese theory from a political point of view : a Japanese propaganda argument in the post world war II era
Delivering from memory : the effect of performance on the early Christian audience
Redescriptions : political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. Vol. 18.2
A student's writing guide : how to plan and write successful essays
Oral literature in Africa
The rhetoric of identity in Isocrates : text, power, pedagogy
Contemporary essays on style : rhetoric, linguistics, and criticism
Politeness strategies in weblog comments
Media and morality : on the rise of the mediapolis
Rhetoric and community : studies in unity and fragmentation
The Continuation War as a metanoic moment : a Burkean reading of lutheran hierocratic rhetoric
Between one and many : the art and science of public speaking
Debating right to asylum : a conceptual and rhetorical reading of the German post-war deliberations
Kathy Maxwell explores the comments of ancient rhetoricians about their audiences as well as the kind of audience participation they expected & the tools used to encourage such participation, & applies her findings to Luke-Acts. This title examines the role of the 'audience' in interpreting Luke's narrative in "Acts" with reference to ancient rhetorical, Jewish, Pagan and other early Christian writings. The audience, and its varying levels of participation, is a vital element for the communication of a story. The stories of Jesus Christ as told in the gospels, and of the early Church as found in "Acts", rely on the audience members and their participation as do all others. In fact, without audience participation, the narrative fails. Audience-oriented criticism, while named only recently, is an ancient phenomenon as old as story telling itself. Kathy Maxwell explores ancient rhetoricians' comments about 'the audience', as well as the kinds of audience participation they expected and the tools used to encourage such participation. Such tools were employed in ancient pagan, Jewish, and Christian literature - the concern being to engage the audience. Maxwell's conclusions impact not only the way biblical scholars view the rhetorical abilities of the Evangelists, but also the way in which modern readers 'hear' the biblical narrative. The modern audience also bears the responsibility of hearing between the lines, of creating the story with the ancient author.
Speaking intelligently : communication for problem solving
Discourse and the Other : the Production of the Afro-American Text
The art of public speaking
Finnish abstract.
Rhetoric and criticism
Fair of speech : the uses of euphemism
The works of Aristotle. Vol. 11, Rhetorica
Multiliteracy centers : writing center work, new media, and multimodal rhetoric
Half a century of forest industry rhetoric : persuasive strategies in sales argumentation
Justifying war : the rhetorical efforts of ArabNews, China Daily, Dagens Nyheter, New York Times Digital and PRAVDA On-line to defend military attacks against Afghanistan in the aftermath of september 11 terrorist attacks
Proceedings of the Sixth Conference of the International Society for the Study of Argumentation
Hearing between the lines : the audience as fellow-worker in Luke-Acts and its literary milieu
