http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5632 public health medicine
public health medicine
Public health policy
The health of the Inuit of North America : a bibliography from the earliest times through 1990
National Public Health Institute = Kansanterveyslaitos (KTL) : background material for the international evaluation
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute
Health promotion in nursing practice
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute in 1999.
Scandinavian journal of work, environment & health. Supplement
Neck pain in adolescent headache sufferers : a cohort study of schoolchildren
European journal of public health
Delivery of European cross-border healthcare and the relevance and effects of EU regulations and judicial processes : with reference to delivery of drugs and blood donor information material
Contagion : disease, government, and the "social question" in nineteenth-century France
Working with community : exploring community empowerment to support non-communicable disease prevention in a middle-incom country
Family doctors' journey to quality
eHealth as a facilitator of transnational cooperation on health : a report from the interreg III B project "eHealth for regions"
Influence of chronic diseases on working life
Parenting practices, family characteristics and daily health behaviours and their changes in 10-11-year old children
Qualitative and mixed methods in public health
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute in 2000.
Epidemiology and demography in public health
Abstracts of ongoing research in the Department of Public Health Science, University of Helsinki, February 1983
Plants and society
Space, place and mental health
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute in 1995.
Veterinary medicine and human health
Abstract: Sense of coherence (SOC) : typological examination with grounded theory approach.
Administrative registers in health research : a cohort study of Finnish children born in 1987
Health and societies : changing perspectives
Health tourism : social welfare through international trade
Measuring health and medical outcomes
Allocation of rehabilitation measures provided by the Social Insurance Institution of Finland and its efects on work disability among local government employees.
Work health safety
Health economics and outcome studies on type 2 diabetes education and screening in a Chinese population
Identification of lipophilic pollutants discharged from a Finnish pulp and paper mill
The effectiveness of vocationally oriented medical rehabilitation (ASLAK®) amongst public sector employees
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute in 1992.
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute in 2001.
Scandinavian journal of work, environment and health
Analysing inequalities : the tradition of sosioeconomic public health research in Finland
Public health nursing
European journal of public health : official journal of the European Public Health Association
Public health reviews
Public health and aging : an introduction to maximizing function and well-being
Sociology as applied to medicine
Encyclopedia of primary prevention and health promotion
Public health reports
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute in 1993.
Psychosocial work factors and burnout : a study of a working general population and patients at a stress rehabilitation clinic
Sense of coherence (SOC) - typological examination with grounded theory approach.
Health and disease ; a reader
Promoting Health : politics and practice
Scandinavian journal of public health
Early life origins of health and well-being in modern Sweden
Better learning for better health care : HEI-ICI projects and practices
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute in 1994.
Occupational diseases in Finland in ..
A companion to health and medical geography
Polychlorinated diphenyl ethers, dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in Finnish human tissues compared to environmental samples
Psychological well-being of the parents and child development, behavior, and quality of life in very low birth weight infants
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute in 1997.
Survival and quality of life among patients with severe lower extremity peripheral arterial disease
Papers published in 1969-1973 : (VII-VIII)
Epidemiological studies of childhood and adolescence headache
Food and western disease : health and nutrition from an evolutionary perspective
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute in 1998.
Constructions of health and illness : European perspectives
Aviation, space and environmental medicine
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute in 1989.
Public health nutrition
Sami lifestyle and health : epidemiological studies from northern Sweden
PCDD/PCDF levels in the blood of workers at a pulp and paper mill
Themes
International evaluation of the Department of Molecular Medicine, National Public Health Institute 26.9.2007 = Kansanterveyslaitoksen Molekyylilääketieteen osaston kansainvälinen arviointi 26.9.2007
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute in 1991.
Abstract.
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute in 1990.
Publication Catalogue of the National Public Health Institute in 1996.
The effectiveness of vocational oriented medical rehabilitation (ASLAK®) amongst public sector employees
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute 1993.
The role of social capital in HIV prevention: experiences from the Kagera region of Tanzania
Infectious diseases of humans : dynamics and control
"This text has a large emphasis on mixed methods, examples relating to health research, new exercises pertaining to health research, and an introduction on qualitative and mixed methods in public health. The book has an easy-to-read format and writing style and will also cover health focused research techniques, community participatory research, and will include boxed inserts pertaining to relevant real life examples"--Provided by publisher.
Public health and aging is a developing field, standing between clinical geriatrics and the demography and epidemiology of aging. It has heretofore lacked a unified treatment or single framework. This text provides such a framework and offers a first synthesis of a burgeoning literature in geriatrics, gerontology, occupational therapy, epidemiology, demography, neuropsychology, rehabilitation medicine, social work, and public policy. Key concepts and tools that define the field of public health and aging such as cohort analysis, the lifetable, age-sex pyramids and risk stratification are presented. A synthesis of the most productive measures of healthy aging, also of ""successful aging"" and frailty; sample studies; and clinical trials that address the question of age, health, and healthy old age are also included.
Health economics
With a summary in Swedish, Northern Sami, Lule Sami, Southern Sami and Ume Sami.
Nature therapy and preventive medicine
State of the art on the initiatives and activities relevant to risk assessment and risk management of nanotechnologies in the food and agriculture sectors
Sick leave prescribing practices in Finland
Health, race, and German politics between national unification and Nazism, 1870-1945
Overview of the research projects of the department of public health science and general practice, University of Oulu : book of abstracts of scientific educational meeting 27.1.1998
Economic burden of psoriasis
