http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5631 transport containers
transport containers
Automotive companies are facing a costly problem due to the lack of visibility on RTIs delivering auto components in the supply chains. In auto-industry, RTIs can be very expensive and there have been researches pointing out that auto-manufacturers spend huge amount of money annually to replace the lost and damaged RTIs. Nowadays, Radio Frequency Identification is a form of wireless identification technology used to uniquely enhance the accuracy of data collection and identification of items. Confidex, as the commissioner of this thesis, has been developing and manufacturing RFID products to improve significantly RTI management in automotive industry. Due to the fact there had not been such a comprehensive market study on the area and RFID applications have been developed at significantly fast pace, in this thesis an analysis of automotive industry returnable transport item management with RFID in the supply chain was conducted. The main goal is to provide commissioning company with better knowledge on the area in order to forecast the market needs and develop its RFID products. Both primary research such as in-depth interviews with companies and secondary research on published articles, company reports, company portfolios, etc. were utilized in this thesis. The collected data was analysed using thematic method. In automotive industry, OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers expressed the necessity of better control over RTIs with RFID solution. It is evident there is very low existing usage of RFID in automotive RTI management. Apart from a few early RFID adopters, it is popular within automotive industry that companies have limited or no experience in using RFID in RTI management. However, positively there can be seen a tendency to approach the technology, to calculate the savings RFID would bring in reusable container management, to investigate the challenges, to test and even to expand RFID usage between parties in automotive supply chain. This creates much space and demand for RFID solution providers to offer products and services to improve RTI management process in automotive industry in the near future. Throughout the thesis, thesis writer presented some potential business cases in particular companies by means of RFID challenges and expectations revealed by the experts from those companies. Appendix 1, as confidential material of the thesis, has been excluded from the public report.
Clean seas guide for oil tankers
Tanker chartering and management
Nemarc : opening up the Northeast passage to petroleum products haulage
Finnish water and its global logistics : a case study on Finland and Somalia
The brittle fracture of metals in the tanks for transport of dangerous goods at low temperatures
Produce-simulator property evaluation for indirect airflow distribution measurement through horticultural crop package
Chemical/parcel tankers : their gargoes, their desing and their markets
Model course. 1.35, Liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) tanker cargo and ballast handling simulator
Tanker handbook for deck officers
Rubbish truck
Introduction to materials handling
Worldscale : a tanker chartering tool
Liquified petroleum gas tanker practice
Asian container ports : development, competition and co-operation
Classic hauliers
Cargo stowage and securing : a guide to good practice
Tankers : an introduction to the transport of oil by sea
Gas and chemical ships safety handbook : an introduction to the requirements of Marpol 73/78 annex II and its relationship with the codes for the construction and equipment of gas and chemical carriers
Abstract.
Transportation of liquid bulk chemicals by tankers in the Baltic Sea
Stena expands in ice-class tankers
Returnable transport item management with RFID in automotive industry
Evolution of countainer transport : services, management and technologies
Stability of tank vehicles
The box : how the shipping container made the world smaller and the world economy bigger
Liquefied gas handling principles : on ships and in terminals
Recent development of exposure to gasoline in the distribution chain
Safety in liquefied gas tankers
Tank cleaning in the Baltic Sea : assessment of the ecotoxicity of tank cleaning effluents / Milja Honkanen, Jani Häkkinen, Antti Posti
Liquefied gas carriers : your personal safety guide
Oil transportation and terminal development in the Gulf of Finland
Skating on thick ice
FINNISH WATER AND ITS GLOBAL LOGISTICS: A CASE STUDY ON FINLAND AND SOMALIA
Introduction to container handling systems / : theory and practice of container handling
UPM Logistics cargo handling manual : paper reels, paper pallets, plywood, veneer and sawn goods
The transport amphorae from Euesperides : the maritime trade of a Cyrenaican city 400-250 BC
Vaarallisten aineiden kuljetussäiliöt = Tanks for the transport of dangerous goods. Osa 1, Säiliöt = Tanks
The Russian oil exports via the Baltic Sea : do oil shipments through the EU's inner sea bring Russia closer to the EU or bring them apart?
Growing Russian oil shipments in the Baltic Sea : strategic decision or environmental risk?
Oil on water : tankers, pirates and the rise of China
Container atlas : a practical guide to container architecture
The container principle : how a box changes the way we think
Study of the risk for accidents and the related environmental hazards from the transportation of chemicals by tankers in the Baltic Sea area
Oil transportation in the Gulf of Finland in 2020 and 2030
