http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5630 freight containers
freight containers shipping containers
The purpose of this Bachelor's thesis was to study the investment and operating expenses of bearing pads on different sized container vessels. The results are intended for Cargotec's in-house purposes. Some of the graphical charts may be used for sales aid in customer meetings. The attempt was to prove the assumptions made about the investment and operating expenses. By verifying one of the pad types to be more profitable than the others, the information could be used for sales aid purposes. The results would support choosing a bearing pad type for a certain sized vessel. The second part of this thesis was to produce a calculation tool to be able to explore the effect of changing specific variables. This calculation tool is intended to be used as a help for sales representatives when preparing their sales material before customer meetings. It is intended to be used quickly and easily. As a result, the expenses for four different sized container vessels were specified. The ideal bearing pad arrangement was found for each vessel size and the results were as expected. Creating and using the calculation tool was successful and is working as expected.
Largest contract comprises cranes for 26 container carriers
Accessing the new wave of ULCS tonnage
Gold-bearing sulphide deposits in the Kuusamo Early Proterozoic volcano-sedimentary belt, northeastern Finland
The genus Cypripedium
Model course. 1.35, Liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) tanker cargo and ballast handling simulator
Now Samsung step up to 8,100 TEU series
Bigger box ships covered and secured
Daewoo invests to boost box ship production
High profile for HMD in container ship construction
Container vessels to Langh Ship
Survey of the logistic factors in the TSR-railway operation : "what TSR-station masters think about the Trans-Siberian?"
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to find different route options for transporting danger-ous goods from Rauma mill to the customer located in Leiria, Portugal. The aim was to find three possible options; one straight route and two options which sail via one port in central Europe. This study was made by assignment of Forchem, which goods were delivered in the researched case.  The information for the theory part of this thesis was gathered from literature and websites. In theory part was went through the maritime transport especially in the Baltic Sea, IMDG code and containers. There was also an own chapter for case company and the product that was delivered in the case.  The research for this study was made by e-mail survey. The survey was sent to selected quarters which were specific ports in Finland, Spain and Portugal. Also some shipping companies were approached. The purpose of the empirical study was to point out the options which the case company could seek further.  When receiving the answers from the ports and shipping companies was arose the fact that there could have been wider amount of responses to get more comparison material. However with the answers received by the survey, it was possible to point out three route options as was supposed.
Managing technological resources and port operations in container shipping
Bigger ships and more traffic will transit expanded canal
A geophysical study of the Suhanko-Konttijärvi layered intrusion in connection with PGE investigations
UPM-Kymmene Oyj is one of the world's leading paper industry companies. The purpose of this thesis was to create container optimizing tool for UPM customer service. Background of the thesis was to develop way of working in the order creation phase and accomplish cost-efficiency by optimizing container payloads. Cost-efficiency means finding correct order amounts and maximizing sea containers capacity.  Thesis focuses how orders are created in customer service and its needs to optimizing order amounts. In addition ground rules and initial data concerning optimization process were defined during this the thesis work. Source data were found from UPMs internal systems and from ISO-standards. Many development points were found in the middle of the tool creation and in test phase.  Thesis includes history of the containers and it shows how container markets have been increased to ease understanding how important fully usage of container capacities. Thesis describes all the way of container order process from order creation to customer delivery.
New securing equipment launched
Monitoring of threatened vascular plants in Estonia and Finland - methods and experiences
The Box : an anthology celebrating 25 years of containerisation and the TT Club
Modernisation products secure record orderbook
The Suhanko-Konttijärvi intrusion and related sulphide and PGE mineralizations
The TransNav 2013 Symposium held at the Gdynia Maritime University, Poland in June 2013. Topics at the Symposium were: navigation, safety at sea, sea transportation, education of navigators and simulator-based training, sea traffic engineering, ship's manoeuvrability, integrated systems, electronic charts systems, satellite and radio-navigation.
Marine heavy lift and rigging operations
Preliminary study for a new terminal management and container load planning system in Finnsteve Helsinki Vuosaari terminal
Ports, cities, and global supply chains
Identification of containers
INFLUENCE OF MARKETING LOGISTICS ON THE CONTAINER TRANSPORTATION BY ROAD-, WATER- AND RAILWAYS IN EUROPE
Leveraging container handling technology in shipping
Platinum-group element mineralization in the southern part of the Portimo layered igneous complex, northern Finland
The purpose of this Bachelor's thesis was to explore the possibilities to standardise the lashing eye plate arrangement locations on lashing bridges. The standard for lashing eye plate arrangements is intended for MacGREGOR's in-house standard on lashing bridge design. An attempt was also made to find a unified lashing bar length. By finding the unified lashing length for a bar, it could then be used in all lashing fittings on a bridge. A unified lashing bar would essentially decrease the quantity of different size lashing bars but also make all the lashing cases more compatible. The second part of the thesis is to produce a calculation tool -database and a manual to be able to explore all the lashing case lengths on different eye plate arrangement locations on both bridges. This effective multi-purpose database is intended to be used as a help when designing lashing bridges, lashing fittings and eye plate's arrangements. As a result, the lashing eye plate arrangements for both bridge types were specified. However, the ideal outcome for the unified lashing bar length could not be reached because of the total range of the lashing fittings. Creating and using the multi-purpose database was successful and worked as expected.
Combined outfits of covers and cranes specified for Buss series
Containerships St. Petersburg : terminal operations
Container-friendly tonnage extends versatile fleet
Securing sales at record high
Transportation and logistics
The birth of containers
Platinum-group element-bearing Cu-Ni sulphide mineralization in the marginal series of the early Proterozoic Suhanko-Konttijärvi layered intrusion, northern Finland
The box : how the shipping container made the world smaller and the world economy bigger
Post-Panamax order surge anticipates box trade growth
Establishing container repair and maintenance enterprises in Latin America and the Caribbean
Goods increasingly being transported in containers : the port of Kotka spurred on by a tail wind
Railway wagon market analysis and new multi-purpose wagon solution for freight transports : Finnish manufacturing perspective
The Suhanko-Konttijärvi intrusion and related PGE mineralizations, northern Finland
Sungdong's biggest to boost : Danaos's ongoing fleet expansion
Finnish oversea transport and its transport routes
Container terminals and cargo systems : design, operations management, and logistics control issues
Container atlas : a practical guide to container architecture
Redesign of transfer capabilities : studies in container shipping services
Advantages of Docker
Future scenarios of fossil fuel reducing technologies for Kalmar Industries' products
Marine navigation and safety of sea transportation : Maritime transport & shipping
Aulacogen related epigenetic Au-Co-U deposits in northeastern Finland
New trio strengthens St. Lawrence services
COSCO commissions Asia's largest container ship
The competitive dynamics of container shipping
OSHA : don't leave it too late
Growing container traffic under control with the KOVA system
Jane's freight containers 1978 : [ports, operators, manufacturers]
New generations of lashings pioneered
Standard lashing eye plate arrangements on lashing bridges : for unified lashing bar length
Versatile covers for Japanese deliveries
Higher stack loads achieved with fewer fittings
Bigger box ships target expanding trade
Markets of seaborne multimodal transport
What is the EU containers directive all about?
Increase in container flows through the ports of Kotka and Hamina
Finnsteve's new container terminal in Mussalo
New solutions reduce cargo damage in steel transports
Innovative feeder ships enter service
Maritime infrasturcture : transporatation opportunities and considerations
Feeder ships flow from Keelung yard
Container logistic innovations in forest-energy sector : markets, future service concepts and technical improvements
Containers services centralised in team lines
Turn-key solutions for container stowage
Service information in pictures
Integrating Docker to a Continuous Delivery pipeline : a pragmatic approach
The container principle : how a box changes the way we think
Optimizing container payloads
Shipping container
Ship for the transport of steel
The uraniferous mineralizations in the Kuusamo schist belt, northeastern Finland
Produce-simulator property evaluation for indirect airflow distribution measurement through horticultural crop package
Early input optimises designs
The globalisation of the oceans : containerisation from the 1950s to the present
The box that changed the world : fifty years of container shipping - an illustrated history
Asian container ports : development, competition and co-operation
StackBeam support system adds containers to deck cargo
Geology, mineralogy and geochemistry of the Fe-Co-Au-(U) deposits in the Paleoproterozoic Kuusamo Schist Belt, northeastern Finland
International handbook of maritime business
Eurasian container transportation market : current status and future development trends with consideration of different transportation modes
Eight 6,500 TEU ships upgrade French Asia Line
Baltic container ports
Seven-ship series boosts COSCON capacity
Evolution of countainer transport : services, management and technologies
A Study on bearing pad investment and operating expenses for different sized container vessels
Container transit in Finland and Estonia : current status, future demand and implications on infrastructure investments in transportation chain
Creating global opportunities : Maersk Line in containerisation 1973-2013
Options for transportation routes between Finland and Portugal / Henna Silokivi
Introduction to container handling systems / : theory and practice of container handling
Future secured by new initiatives
Growth in traffic at Kotka continues
Cost Savings on Container Import Process
Dar es Salaam container terminal project in Tanzania
Intermodal transportation in emergency situations in the Gulf of Finland
Ocean container transportation : an operational perspective
Isomertieite and other platinum-group minerals from the Konttijärvi layered mafic intrusion, northern Finland
