http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5633 pharmaceutical policy
pharmaceutical policy
The power of pills : social, ethical and legal issues in drug development, marketing, and pricing
Transparency review of pharmaceutical administration and policies
Medicines policy and pharmacy system in Estonia
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition
Pharmaceutical policy trends in the European Union = Euroopan unionin lääkepolitiikan linjauksia
Theme: Current developments in pharmaceutical policy and services in Finland
Health technology assessment in Europe : the challenge of coordination
Biotechnology in Russia : why is it not a success story?
Medicine in Europe : a guide to the funding of medical, dental and veterinary health research by the European Union, 10 April 1996, BioCity, Turku : proceedings
Peace : The Roots of the cultural tradition and values of the Chinese people
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 2A, Notice to applicants : medicinal products for human use : procedures for marketing authorisation
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 3C, Guidelines : medicinal products for human use : efficacy
" 'The medical establishment has become a major threat to health'. So begins Ivan Illich's spirited and reasoned attack upon the mythic prestige of contemporary medicines, examining the customs and rituals conducted by the medical profession. Relentlessly and with full documentation taken from recognized medical sources Illich proves the impotence of medical services to change life expectancy, the insignificant of most contemporary clinical care in curing disease, the magnitude of medically inflicted damage to health, and the futility of medical and political counter-measures. Illich's deeply shocking analysis into the clinical and social reality of doctor-made illness examines the culture of health, sickness and suffering and includes an historical examination of the concept and image of death. Only by recognizing and insisting upon the essential ingredients personal health, Illich argues, can individuals recover the integrity of their bodies and lives. 'People need no bureaucratic interference to mate, give birth, share the human condition, and die. Man's consciously lived fragility; individuality and relatedness make the experience of pain, of sickness and of death an integral part of his life. The ability to cope with this trio autonomously is fundamental to his health'." -- (Back Cover)
Health and societies : changing perspectives
Pharmacoeconomics
African journal of drug and alcohol studies
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition / edited by Matilda Hellman, Gun Roos & Julius von Wright
Access to health care
EU regulations: price controls on reimbursed medicines : the effect on international pharmaceutical business in Finland
Confronting AIDS : directions for public health, health care, and research
Pharmaceutical systems : global perspectives
Pharmaceutical economics and policy
Abstract book for the 18th Nordic meeting in social medicine and public health
The truth about the drug companies : how they deceive us and what to do about it
Medicine and society in Tanganyika, 1890-1930 : a historical inquiry
Principles of pharmacoeconomics
Medicine, health and risk : sociological approaches
Handbook of pharmaceutical public policy
The EU train keeps on going
Theme : Current developments in pharmaceutical policy and services in Finland
Outpatients : the astonishing new world of medical tourism
A new leaf : the end of cannabis prohibition
The politics of life itself : biomedicine, power, and subjectivity in the twenty-first century
Pharmaceuticals in the European Union
Quality of life : concept, policy and practice
Economic evaluation of the value of medicines and pharmacy services : markets and methodologies
Medicines in health care in Finland
Big pharma : how the world's biggest drug companies control illness
Improving the environmental management system of Tamro Corporation
"Male menopause" : the birth of a new illness?
"Today more people travel to Hungary for dental care than to any other country in Europe. The fascinating story of how Hungary became Europe's dental chair is a case study in medical tourism, which has become a growing multi-billion-dollar industry -- exploding in places as varied as India, Brazil, Korea, and Costa Rica -- as countries rewrite laws to compete for patients. Doctors and dentists have to run a business, but does globalization destroy the dream of high-quality universal health care? Sasha Issenberg, the acclaimed author of The Sushi Economy and The Victory Lab, goes on the trail of dental tourism in Eastern Europe in search of answers."--provided by Amazon.com.
The view from here : bioethics and the social sciences
Health registers as a source of data for research and policy making
Pharmaceutical policy not yet incorporated into the government programme
Themes
Health policy and European Union enlargement
The role and credibility of pharmacies, part II
Norplant in the context of population and drug policies
Constructions of health and illness : European perspectives
Located between three powerful phenomena, public health, the law and social stigma, methadone maintenance treatment attracts loyal advocates, vociferous critics and innumerable engaged onlookers. This book aims to examine the controversial approach to addiction, providing in the process a unique approach to literature on illicit drugs.
Nursing practice and health care
Substance and substitution : methadone subjects in liberal societies
Research on health research : proceedings of the European Symposium organized under the auspices of the European Medical Research Councils, Sept. 6-8, 1979, Espoo
Limits to medicine : medical Nemesis : the expropriation of health
Women in Tibet : past and present
Faculty of health sciences' research day symposium 2017 : effectiveness of health care : abstracts
Life as surplus : biotechnology and capitalism in the neoliberal era
Delving deeply into ancient medical history, Bronwen L. Wickkiser explores the early development and later spread of the cult of Asklepios, one of the most popular healing gods in the ancient Mediterranean. Though Asklepios had been known as a healer since the time of Homer, evidence suggests that large numbers of people began to flock to the cult during the fifth century BCE, just as practitioners of Hippocratic medicine were gaining dominance. In focusing on the fifth century and by considering the medical, political, and religious dimensions of the cult of Asklepios, Wickkiser presents a complex, nuanced picture of Asklepios' rise in popularity, Athenian society, and ancient Mediterranean culture. The intriguing and sometimes surprising information she presents will be valued by historians of medicine and classicists alike.
Recent developments in pharmaceutical policy
Medicines policy 2020 : the new basis for pharmaceutical policy in Finland
This Bachelor's thesis discusses the price controls on medicines that are reimbursed by the Social Insurance Institution of Finland. The main purpose of the study is to investigate the European Commission's competition rules on pharmaceuticals, the implementation of price controls in Finland and their impact on international pharmaceutical business in Finland. The topic was chosen due to the interest of the author to understand more deeply the price controls on reimbursement medicines and their effect on the pharmaceutical business. The theoretical section discusses European regulations, pharmaceutical business in general, the reimbursement system and price control of medicinal products in Finland. The empirical part deals with the research itself. The study was based on both quantitative and qualitative methods. Firstly, an internet-mediated questionnaire was sent to pharmaceutical companies producing prescription medicines. The sample size consisted of 57 companies representing initial and generics producers but also parallel trade. Five questionnaires were returned, which resulted in a response rate of 9 percent. The results were analysed by Microsoft Excel. Secondly, secondary data was used to support the findings of primary data. It was collected mainly from the data sources of Pharma Industry Finland.The study shows that the impact of price controls have been both negative and positive depending on the business type of the pharmaceutical companies. Nevertheless, all parties, including the Pharmaceutical Pricing Board itself, want changes to the present price control system.The author recommends that whatever the changes will be, they should assure that Finland will not only be among the first countries to have new innovative medicines for patients to receive the best treatments, but also a place for international pharmaceutical companies to do profitable business.
Quality of life measures in health care and medical ethics
Health care and health knowledge
Pharmaceutical innovation : incentives, competition, and cost-benefit analysis in international perspective
Impediments to parallel trade in pharmaceuticals within the European Community : final report
Medicoeconomics : human well-being and economic welfare : research papers
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 4, Good manufacturing practices : medicinal products for human and veterinary use
Medicines policy 2020 - the new basis for pharmaceutical policy in Finland
Medical concepts and penal policy
Configuring health consumers : health work and the imperative of personal responsibility
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 3A, Guidelines : medicinal products for human use : quality and biotechnolgy
The emergence of Finnish life sciences industries
Bioethics in a liberal society
The pursuit of perfection : the promise and perils of medical enhancement
Economics, medicine and health care
The role of the pharmaceutical sector in malaria control in Ghana
From policy to action ; Translation: Sari Jay
Changes in the US healthcare landscape: from quantity to quality
National report on the drug situation in Finland 1996.
Regulating pharmaceuticals in Europe : striving for efficiency, equity and quality
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 3B, Guidelines : medicinal products for human use : safety, environment and information
Society and health
Pharmacoeconomics : from theory to practice
Unhealthy health policy : a critical anthropological examination
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 1, Pharmaceutical legislation : medicinal products for human use
Abstract (s. 5). Executive summary (s. 9-14).
Asklepios, medicine and the politics of healing in fifth-century Greece : between craft and cult
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 2B, Notice to applicants : medicinal products for human use : presentation and content of the dossier
