http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5641 inhibitions
inhibitions
Corrosion control : principles and practice
Diffusion chromising and nickelising of steel by chemical vapour deposition
Principles of corrosion engineering and corrosion control
Corrosion and climatic effects in electronics
Epoxy-coated concrete reinforcements
Principles and prevention of corrosion
Handbook of corrosion engineering
Demand for functional foods that offer therapeutic and disease-prevention properties is globally increasing. Barley presents an opportunity in this regard due to its high antioxidants and dietary fiber contents. Barley wholegrain and milling fractions were investigated in terms of phenolic acids composition, scavenging capacity against DPPH and ABTS radicals and inhibition of human LDL oxidation in vitro. Ferulic and p-coumaric were the primary phenolic acids in wholegrain and pearled fractions accounting for 43-97% and 2-55% of total phenolic acids, respectively. This wide range demonstrates significant differences among barley wholegrain or pearled products. Antioxidant capacities also varied significantly among barleys with the hulless cultivars tested exhibiting the greatest. The outer layers fraction showed higher scavenging capacity against ABTS and DPPH radicals and inhibitory effects toward LDL oxidation compared with the endosperm fractions. The results suggest that the outer layer and hull fractions would potentially provide promising sources of natural antioxidants.
Inhibition in cognition
Fire retardancy of polymers : new strategies and mechanisms
Corrosion control through organic coatings
Language and disadvantage
The boatowner's guide to corrosion : a complete reference for boatowners and marine professionals
Atomic layer deposited coatings for corrosion protection of metals
Corrosion control in the aerospace industry
Pentabromodiphenyl ether as a global POP
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 2 = Part 2, Kenttätestausmenetelmät I = Field test methods I.
Effect of aquatic biota and black carbon on the Baltic cycle of polyprominated flame retardants
Corrosion Prevention of Magnesium Alloys
Fundamentals of corrosion : mechanisms, causes, and preventative methods
Anodic protection : theory and practice in the prevention of corrosion
KSCS 2004, 4th Kurt Schwabe Corrosion Symposium : mechanisms of corrosion and corrosion prevention : proceedings : June 13-17, 2004, Helsinki University of Technology, Espoo, Finland
Chemical equilibrium analysis in the study of corrosion
Claude de l'Estoille, poet and dramatist 1597-1652
Corrosion for marine and offshore engineers
Corrosion resistance tables : part A. A-D, metals, nonmetals, coatings, mortars, plastics, elastomers and linings, and fabrics
Water treatment
Corrosion resistance tables : part B. E-O, Metals, nonmetals, coatings, mortars, plastics, elastomers and linings, and fabrics
Plastics for corrosion inhibition
Prevention of corrosion on board ships = Prevéntion de la corrosion à bord des navires = Prevención de la corrosion a bordo de los bugues
From infancy we are taught to edit ourselves, trimming out the darker, weirder, less acceptable parts in order to please others. But this addiction to approval is holding us back. What if we begin to be ourselves, honestly and fully? Insanely Gifted shows how to transform our thinking and turn our inner demons into allies. How to reframe disappointment (because not getting what we want can be as interesting and useful as getting what we want). Through techniques to become aware of our Inner Critic, and exercises such as Full Body Listening, Catto invites us to better know our deepest instincts and unlock our true power.
Metal corrosion in boats : the prevention of metal corrosion in hulls, engines, rigging and fittings
Improving sealing, electrical contacts, and corrosion resistance in solid oxide fuel cell stacks
Corrosion and corrosion control : an introduction to corrosion science and engineering
Encyclopedia of corrosion technology
Carotenoids in health and disease
Properties of steel construction surfaces affecting corrosion resistance : European Federation of Corrosion, Task Force II : Corrosion and Protection of Steel Structures Workshop IV : extended abstracts : 28-31 May 2006, Helsinki University of Technology Espoo, Finland
Software-based countermeasures to 2D facial spoofing attacks
States of denial : knowing about atrocities and suffering
Basic corrosion technology for scientists and engineers
Development of new halogen-free and multifunctional flame retardants
Hand block printing & resist dyeing
Depression : self-consciousness, pretending, and guilt
ASM handbook. Volume 20, Materials selection and design
Social withdrawal, inhibition, and shyness in childhood
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 3 = Part 3, Kenttätestausmenetelmät II = Field test methods II
ADHD and the nature of self-control
Corrosion engineering
ASM handbook. 13 A, Corrosion: fundamentals, testing, and protection
Effect of deep sea environment on corrosion of some aluminum alloys
Electromagnetic shielding and corrosion protection for aerospace vehicles
Abstract: Nkondi : a Case Study in Ethnographic Conservation. The purpose of this study was to find conservation methods and treatments suitable for an nkondi nail fetish that originates from the Congo region in Africa. This ethnographic object is on display at the permanent exhibition in the Helinä Rautavaara museum. The main problem is the extensive corrosion of the iron parts. This thesis is a combination of ethnography, artefact research, and conservation. Thesis also deals with the complexity of ethnographic conservation and its special role in the field. The object was documented thoroughly with photographs, drawings, and x-rays. Sizeable amount of material analyses were done and the condition of the object was mapped out carefully. Conservation treatments, procedures, and materials were explained and described thoroughly. After the conservation treatments the object is more stable chemically and structurally, and aesthetically the looks are more pleasing. The treatments keep the object from deteriorating further, thus helping it to survive longer. Conservation of an ethnographic object is an intricate process. It involves a lot of discussion about the ethics and other special issues. It is daunting task for a conservator, especially when encountering them for the first time.
Corrosion protection : inspector's book fo reference
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 1 = Part 1, Teräsrakenteiden korroosionesto suojamaaliyhdistelmillä = Corrosion protection of steel structures by protective paint systems
Corrosion engineering handbook. Corrosion of linings and coatings : cathodic and inhibitor protection and corrosion monitoring
Social inhibition and socioemotional functioning in middle childhood
Transport layer DDoS attack types and mitigation methods in networks
Guidelines for the Protection of Steel Piles : Corrosive Marine Environment
Fabric dyeing & printing
Distancing : avoidant personality disorder, revised and expanded
Practical batik : a contemporary approach to a traditional craft
Lectures on electrochemical corrosion
Corrosion resistance tables : part C. P-Z, Metals, nonmetals,  coatings, mortars, plastics, elastomers and linings, and fabrics
Nkondi: A Case Study in Ethnographic Conservation
Insanely gifted : turn your demons into creative rocket fuel
Metallurgy and corrosion control in oil and gas production
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 1 = Part 1.
The encyclopedia of phobias, fears, and anxieties
The long shadow of temperament
Materials performance
Effect of storage time and temperature on stability of bioactive compounds in aseptically packed beverages prepared from rose hips and sea buckthorn berries
Rose hips and sea buckthorn berries contain high amounts of beneficial bioactive compounds. In this study the content and stability of natural vitamins and antioxidants were investigated in two fruit beverages made from rose hip powder, sea buckthorn berry purée and white grape juice concentrate, and wheat germ oil in one of the beverages. Beverages were formulated, pasteurised and filled aseptically in Tetra Brik packages and stored up to 35 days at 4 °C or 22 °C. Samples were analysed for the content of ascorbic acid, carotenoids, major phenolics, tocochromanols, total phenols and total antioxidant capacity as ferric reducing ability. The largest changes occurred during the first 5 days of storage, thereafter mainly ascorbic acid decreased. In the wheat germ oil supplemented beverage, α-tocopherol was more rapidly degraded. Negative correlations between the decrease of some carotenoids and tocochromanols, and the increase of some phenolics, suggest relationships of redox reactions specific to the amount of oil supplemented. From the present study we can conclude that additions of oil to beverages should be carefully selected to avoid oxidations of bioactive compounds. Furthermore, packaging of the beverages should be carried out at higher temperatures and thereafter it should be stored at low temperatures (4 °C), which decreased oxidation of all bioactive compounds except ascorbic acid..
Strategies for saving our cultural heritage : papers presented at the International Conference on Conservation Strategies for Saving Indoor Metallic Collections with a satellite meeting on legal issues in the Conservation of Cultural Heritage, Cairo 25 February - 1 March 2007
Corrosion of electronics : a handbook based on experiences from a Nordic research project
Metallic and ceramic coatings : production, high temperature properties and applications
52 teen boy problems and how to solve them
Corrosion engineering : principles and practice
Electrochemical techniques in corrosion science and engineering
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 2 = Part 2.
Surface modification and passivation of stainless steel
Corrosion science and technology
Fabric painting for embroidery
The war of art : break through the blocks and win your inner creative battles
Corrosion inspection and monitoring
Standard aircraft handbook for mechanics and technicians
Detection of distributed denial-of-service attacks in encrypted network traffic
Nkondi : a case study in ethnographic conservation
Metals handbook. 13, Corrosion
Nickel- and iron-based HVOF thermal spray coatings for high temperature corrosion protection in biomass-fired power plant boilers
Phenolic acids and antioxidant properties of barley wholegrain and pearling fractions
"In this powerful, straight-from-the-hip examination of the internal obstacles to success, bestselling author Steven Pressfield shows readers how to identify, defeat, and unlock the inner barriers to creativity. The War of Art is an inspirational, funny, well-aimed kick in the pants guaranteed to galvanize every would-be artist, visionary, or entrepreneur." --from back cover.
