http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p564 conversation skills
conversation skills
A handbook of free conversation
Communicate in Greek : a communicative course for today's learner of Modern Greek, [2]
Speak Greek with confidence
Workplace English. 2
Speech acts and conversational interaction
Dialogue : rediscover the transforming power of conversation
Dianhua hanyu = Telephone Chinese
Chinese for travellers
Law of connection
Negotiating, persuading and influencing
EFL small talk in the workplace : role, challenges and language training
Talk small! : a practical guide to effective small talk
Dominance and power in conversation
Interaction in a paired speaking test : the rater's perspective
How to instantly connect with anyone : 96 all-new little tricks for big success in relationships
Bulgarian conversation
I only say this because I love you
Workplace English
English-Romanian conversation book
How to argue : powerfully, persuasively, positively
Speaking as a leader : how to lead every time you speak : from board rooms to meeting rooms, from town halls to phone calls
The use of communicative activities in English : a practical perspective
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
Thinking together : a programme of activities for developing thinking skills at KS2
Finnish : conversational
Socialising
Communicate in Greek : a communicative course for today's learner of Modern Greek, [1]
Printed voices : the Renaissance culture of dialogue
Communication at work
Initiatives in communicative language teaching : a book of readings
Well said! : presentations and conversations that get results
Face to face : the small-group experience and interpersonal growth
Supportive or intrusive? : interruptions and gender in conversations in the Wellington corpus of spoken New Zeeland English
In this second edition of the book that has become a classic in the field, award winning author Stephen D. Brookfield offers inspiration and down to earth advice to new and seasoned teachers. "The Skillful Teacher" is a comprehensive guide that shows how to thrive on the unpredictability and diversity of classroom life and includes insights developed from the hundreds of workshops conducted by the author. This new edition also reflects the many changes that have come about in the decade since the book was first published and includes new chapters that deal with emerging topics such as classroom diversity and teaching in online learning environments.
The Vulgria of John Stanbridge and the Vulgaria of Robert Whittinton
Whatever your job, you need to communicate with others, as even when your intentions are sound, the impact of a bad conversation can be highly destructive. If people in your work community form a negative opinion of you, they stop properly listening. Rob explains how and why your career success can depend so much on good communication at work. Each chapter is short and self-contained, focusing on a specific topic with clear steps for action and a key lesson. As in Blamestorming, there is a cast of characters placed in a variety of situations in which they experience conversations go wrong. Using five simple 'warning signs' to watch out for Rob explains how the characters could change the way they speak and listen in order to achieve a positive outcome.
Face2face. Pre-intermediate student's book
Crucial conversations : tools for talking when stakes are high
German conversation
Yes,but... : discussion topics
Language in late modernity : interaction in an urban school
Speak Portuguese with confidence
Who's afraid of Jane Austen? : how to really talk about books you haven't read
A theory of discourse : the aims of discourse
Learn Japanese the fast and fun way
Great answers to tough questions at work
Galateo, or, The rules of polite behavior
Conversational Japanese : the right word at the right time
Speak Italian with confidence
The speech act of complimenting in Finnish text books of English meant for secondary level vocational education
Making friends in English
Communicative competence : theory and classroom practice : texts and contexts in second language learning
Mastering public speaking
Collins Webster's easy learning English conversation. Book 2
Crimes against logic : exposing the bonus arguments of politicians, priests, journalists, and other serial offenders
Talking business in class : speaking activities for professional students
Real listening & speaking : with answers. 4
Developing communicative competence in a second language
Irish conversation
Reaching towards mutual understanding in aphasic converstation : aphasic contributors in conversation
Teach yourself Norwegian conversation
Speak Japanese with Confidence
Effective group discussion
Special needs : ADHD and communication difficulties
The art of deception
Small message, big impact : the elevator speech effect
Communicative language testing : testing Finnish upper school students' ability to communicate orally in English
Communicative competence: the theory and the application
How to talk to absolutely anyone : confident communication in every situation
Quick smart English. Intermediate B1-B2
Practical uses of speech communications
Communicate!
Talk about teaching! : leading professional conversations
How to say it
German-English-Chinese conversation handbook = De ying zhong huihua shouce
Life-changing conversations : 7 strategies for talking about what matters most
The art of conversation
China traveler's phrase book
Designing the conversation : techniques for successful facilitation
Speak out Chinese phrasebook = Kaikou shuo zhongwen : Lüyou hanyu shiyong shouce
Women, work & the art of savoir faire : business sense & sensibility
Small talk : socializing in English
OK, let's talk about it : dynamics of dialogue
Speak Swedish with confidence
Business negotiation : a practical workbook
The art of rhetoric
Making negotiations predictable : what science tells us?
The right way to conduct meetings conferences and discussions
Dialogue as a means of collective communication
Fierce conversations : achieving success at work & in life, one conversation at a time
Bluff your way in jazz
Successful communication in English as a foreign language : a study of turn-taking and communicative acts
Spanish conversation
Memory strategies and conversational competence. A study of a learner group at the sixth form
The skillful teacher : on technique, trust, and responsiveness in the classroom
Brilliant answers to tough interview questions
Conversation : a history of a declining art
Collins easy learning English conversation : book 2. Book 2
Speak Spanish with confidence
Conversation and dialogues in action
Talk French
A curious mind : the secret to a bigger life
Speak French with confidence
Difficult conversations : how to discuss what matters most
Ideas & issues
Failure to communicate : how conversations go wrong and what you can do to right them
Talk French. 2
Collins easy learning English conversation. Book 1
Applied conversation analysis : intervention and change in institutional talk
Speaking & social interaction
Who's afraid of Jane Austen : how to really talk about books you haven't read
Communication at work : management and the communication-intensive organization
Discussions A-Z advanced : a resource book of speaking activities
Greek conversation
The Complete Idiot's Guide to Verbal Self-Defense
Workstorming : why conversations at work go wrong and how to fix them
Discussions and more : oral fluency practice in the classroom
The anatomy of peace : resolving the heart of conflict
Thinking together : a programme of activities for developing speaking, listening and thinking skills for children aged 8-11
A study on the promotion of adults' oral English communication and teacher development in liberal and tertiary education
Russian conversation
Argumentation and debating
Conversation gambits
Politeness in social contexts. Request and apologies in student discourse
The negotiator in you
Collins easy learning English conversation. Book 2
Oral proficiency in English : a case study of ninth graders in Haparanda
Compelling conversations : questions and quotations on timeless topics : an engaging ESL textbook for advanced students
Silence and the relevance of differing discourse cultures in language teaching : a quest for strategies to enhance conversation in language courses
Saying your piece : the role of topic management in conversation
Pair work. 1, Elementary to pre-intermediate
French conversation
Italian conversation
Speak German with confidence
Swedish : travel pack
Collins easy learning English conversation : book 1. Book 1
Collins Webster's easy learning English conversation. Book 1
Talk like a winner! : 21 simple rules for achieving everyday communication success
Face2face. Elementary student's book
