http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5650 assassination
assassination
Treachery
Tower block
When Hazel Nash was six years old, her father taught her: mysteries need to be solved. He should know. Hazel's father is Jack Nash, the host of America's favorite conspiracy TV show, The House of Secrets. After an accident leaves her with no memory, Hazel Nash must put together the pieces of her past and present to find the truth about her father and his connection to a corpse found with a book found in his chest.
SEAL target Geronimo : the inside story of the mission to kill Osama Bin Laden
A very expensive poison : the assassination of Alexander Litvinenko and Putin's war with the West
June allows herself to be captured so that she can assist an assassination plot against a new Elector Primo by the rebel Patriots leader, in a graphic novel adaptation of the second book in the trilogy / Library of Congress.
The SS Brotherhood of the Bell : NASA's Nazis, JFK, and Majic-12
Brothers : the hidden history of the Kennedy years
The fifth gospel :a : a novel
The House of Secrets
CIA targets Fidel : secret 1967 CIA Inspector General's report on plots to assassinate Fidel Castro
Secret Germany : Stauffenberg and the mystical crusade against Hitler
A farewell to justice : Jim Garrison, JFK's assassination, and the case that should have changed history
The assassination of Europe, 1918-1942 : a political history
Steelheart
Act of treason
Just2seconds : using time and space to defeat assassins : with a compendium of attacks against at-risk persons
House of the hanged
XIII : the conspiracy
Age of assassins : a history of conspiracy and political violence 1865-1981
The mammoth book of cover-ups  : the encyclopedia of conspiracy theories
The red coffin
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 6, Lanterns for the dead
Dishonored 2 : Xbox One
Assassination Classroom. 4, Time to face the unbelievable
Assassination Classroom. 13. Time for a little career counseling
Valkyrie  : the plot to kill Hitler
The rough to guide conspiracy theories
Kingdom of darkness
Assassination : a history of political murder
The Ides of March
The Count of Monte Cristo
Wolf by wolf
The Templar conspiracy
Dishonored : PS3
Locked on
Dishonored 2 : PS4
In September 1984, a man calling himself Roy Walsh checked into The Grand Hotel in Brighton and planted a bomb in room 629. The device was primed to explode in twenty-four days, six hours and six minutes, when intelligence had confirmed that Margaret Thatcher and her whole cabinet would be staying in the hotel. Taking us inside one of the twentieth century..s.. most ambitious assassination attempts .. ..'making history personal', as one character puts it .. ..Lee..s.. novel moves between the luxurious hospitality of a British tourist town and the troubled city of Belfast, Northern Ireland, at the height of the armed struggle between the Irish Republican Army and those loyal to the UK government. Jonathan Lee has been described as ..a.. major new voice in British fiction' (Guardian) and here, in supple prose that makes room for laughter as well as tears, he offers a darkly intimate portrait of how the ordinary unfolds into tragedy.
The doomsday key : a sigma force novel
Conspiracy encyclopedia : the encyclopedia of conspiracy theories
The Kennedy conspiracy
Natchez burning
In 1902, the volcano Mt. Pelée erupts on the island of Martinique, wiping out an entire city of thirty thousand -- and sinking a ship carrying a German scientist on the verge of an astonishing breakthrough. More than a century later, Juan Cabrillo will have to deal with that scientist's legacy. During a covert operation, Cabrillo and the crew meticulously fake the sinking of the Oregon -- but when an unknown adversary tracks them down despite their planning and attempts to assassinate them, Cabrillo and his team struggle to fight back against an enemy who seems to be able to anticipate their every move. They discover that a traitorous American weapons designer has completed the German scientist's work, and now wields extraordinary power, sending the Oregon on a race against time to stop an attack that could lead to one man ruling over the largest empire the world has ever known / WorldCat.
Assassination classroom. 10, Time for robbery
The Pelican Brief
Half-off Ragnarok : an InCryptid Novel
The road to Dallas : the assassination of John F. Kennedy
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 6 : Lanterns for the dead / [translation: Dana Lewis]
A study in scarlet : a Sherlock Holmes mystery
Assassination Classroom. 3, Time for a transfer student
A deniable death
Cold days
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 27, Battle's eve
Traitor's gate
High dive
The Litvinenko file : Politics, polonium and Russia's war with itself
Ever caught yourself screaming, "I could just kill that teacher"? What would it take to justify such antisocial behavior and weeks of detention? Especially if he's the best teacher you've ever had? Giving you an "F" on a quiz? Mispronouncing your name during roll call...again? How about blowing up the moon and threatening to do the same to Mother Earthunless you take him out first?! Plus a reward of a cool 100 million from the Ministry of Defense! Okay, now that you're committed... How are you going to pull this off? What does your pathetic class of misfits have in their arsenal to combat Teach's alien technology, bizarre powers and...tentacles?! The students of 3-E turn a surplus of eggs to good use in pursuit of their usual goal. Karasuma teaches them the art of parkour while Koro Sensei teaches them the game of cops and robbers. Then, someone is stealing lingerie, and naturally Koro Sensei is the prime suspect! But is he being framed & and if so, by whom? Lastly, biologically modified Itona discovers that sometimes tentacles can be a burden rather than a gift. He puts everything he has got into his latest assassination attempt on Koro Sensei. But who will save Itona from himself?!
The kill list
Empire of silver : the epic story of the Khan dynasty
The dead in their vaulted arches : a Flavia de Luce novel
The Silver eagle
The right path
Finch
Introduction to excecutive protection
On November 1, 2006, journalist and Russian dissident Alexander Litvinenko was poisoned in London. He died twenty-two days later. The cause of death? Polonium--a rare, lethal, and highly radioactive substance. Here Luke Harding unspools a real-life political assassination story--complete with KGB, CIA, MI6, and Russian mobsters. He shows how Litvinenko's murder foreshadowed the killings of other Kremlin critics, from Washington, DC, to Moscow, and how these are tied to Russia's current misadventures in Ukraine and Syria. In doing so, he becomes a target himself and unearths a chain of corruption and death leading straight to Vladimir Putin. From his investigations of the downing of flight MH17 to the Panama Papers, Harding sheds a terrifying light on Russia's fracturing relationship with the West
Songs of blood and sword : a daughter's memoir
Are you afraid of the dark?
Assassination Classroom. 8, Time for an opportunity
Jack and Jill
Assassination Classroom. 5, Time to show off a hidden talent
Report of the President's Commission on the assassination of President John F. Kennedy
Assassination Classroom. 7, On island time
The leopards of Normandy.n[2] : Duke
t's a gorgeous autumn day in Georgetown. The Democratic candidates for president and vice-president of the United States are dutifully glad-handing voters and the media outside a grand estate where a national security conference has just been held, bringing together the world's greatest minds to discuss the issues that are threatening the country. It's American politicking at its best. That's when all hell breaks loose. – WorldCat.
Empire of silver
The guest room : a novel
7 psychopaths
The Sayers Swindle
Too Rich : the High Life and Tragic Death of King Farouk
The students in Class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Junior High have a new teacher: an alien octopus with bizarre powers and unlimited strength, who's just destroyed the moon and is threatening to destroy the earth--unless they can kill him first!
The holy assasin
On May 2, 2011, at 1:03 a.m. in Pakistan, a satellite uplink was sent from the town of Abbottabad crackling into the situation room of the White House in Washington, D.C.: "Geronimo, Echo, KIA." These words, spoken by a Navy SEAL, put paid to Osama bin Laden's three-decade-long career of terror. SEAL Target Geronimo is the story of Bin Laden's relentless hunters and how they took down the terrorist mastermind, told by Chuck Pfarrer, a former assault element commander of SEAL Team Six and author of the bestselling Warrior Soul: The Memoir of a Navy SEAL. After talking to members of the SEAL team involved in the raid, Pfarrer shares never-before-revealed details of the historic raid and the men who planned and conducted it in an exclusive boots-on-the-ground account of what happened during each minute of the mission--both inside the building and outside.
What does a pathetic class of misfits have in their arsenal to combat their schoolteacher’s alien technology, bizarre powers and...tentacles?! Ever caught yourself screaming, "I could just kill that teacher"? What would it take to justify such antisocial behavior and weeks of detention? Especially if he's the best teacher you've ever had? Giving you an "F" on a quiz? Mispronouncing your name during roll call...again? How about blowing up the moon and threatening to do the same to Mother Earth—unless you take him out first?! Plus a reward of a cool 100 million from the Ministry of Defense! Okay, now that you're committed... How are you going to pull this off? The Grim Reaper sets up a lethal trap that buries Mr. Karasuma and Ms. Vitch alive. Will Mr. Karasuma’s repressed feelings surface before he and Ms. Vitch do? And how will Mr. Karasuma face Death? Then, despite his vow to destroy the planet in March, Koro Sensei offers career counseling to his students. Nagisa’s professional goal raises some serious issues. And finally, it’s time for the next school festival showdown. Class A and Class E compete for the most customers. If they build it, will they come…to the top of 3-E’s remote mountaintop?
Huuliharppukostaja : Once upon a time in the West
Deeply Odd
Speaking from among the bones : a Flavia de Luce novel
In a night of shattering brutality, three of Washington's most powerful and unscrupulous politicians have been executed with surgical precision. Their assassins, vanishing without a trace, have delivered a shocking ultimatum to the leaders of the American government: set aside petty, partisan politics and restore power to the people, or be held to deadly account. No one, they warn, is out of their reach - not even the president. Only Michael O'Rourke, a former U.S. Marine and freshman congressman, holds a clue to the violence: a haunting incident in his own past with explosive implications for his country's future / WorldCat.
Assassinations and murder in modern Italy : transformations in society and culture
Seconds away
The road to Rome
The secret history of the American empire : [the truth about economic hit men, jackals, and how to change the world]
The gun seller
The trigger : hunting the assassin who brought the world to war
A very expensive poison : the definitive story of the murder of Litvinenko and Russia's war with the West
Lye in wait : a home crafting mystery
Huuliharppukostaja = Once upon a time in the West
Killer elite : may the best man live
The Jason Fly case
Holy spy
The Company you keep : ikuiset liittolaiset
Killing Kennedy : the end of Camelot
Once upon a time in the West
Assassination classroom. 6, Swim time
The library of shadows
From out of the city
Assassination classroom. 2, Time for grown-ups
The Kennedy assassination tapes
The whispering city
The target
The templar legion
The art of political murder : who killed Bishop Gerardi?
The monogram murders : the new Hercule Poirot mystery
Alexander the great : murder in Babylon
The Kennedy assassination and the American public : social communication in crisis
In the line of fire
Whitewash II : the FBI-Secret Service coverup
Assassination classroom. 1, Time for assassination
Father Night
The dead of winter
Death of a president
Prodigy : the graphic novel
Season of fear
The interview
Killing Lincoln : the shocking assassination that changed America forever
Political murder in Northern Ireland
The witcher 2 : assassins of kings : enhanced edition : Xbox 360.
Secret Germany : Claus von Stauffenberg and the mystical crusade against Hitler
The fifth assasin
Time and time again
