http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5654 catastrophes
catastrophes
The black cloud
The aftermath of Chernobyl : history's worst nuclear power reactor accident
The heavens are falling : the scientific prediction of catastrophes in our time
T.rex and the crater of doom
In the shadow of melting glaciers : climate change and Andean society
Five days at Memorial : life and death in a storm-ravaged hospital
World of trouble
Perils of a restless planet : scientific perspectives on natural disasters
The great fairy tale disaster
Post-disasters solid waste management : case studies and thematic analysis
Nextworld. 2 / translation Kumar Sivasubramanian
Disaster capitalism : making a killing out of catastrophe
The Ethiopian famine
Catastrophe calling!
The strain. Volume 6, The night eternal
Urban resilience : planning for risk, crisis and uncertainty
Surviving Armageddon : solutions for a threatened planet
Writing the dark side of travel
World disasters report 2000 : focus on public health
The shock doctrine : the rice of disaster capitalism
The legacy of Chernobyl
Extinctions
Slow apocalypse
Lessons learned from accidents in industrial irradiation facilities
Predictable surprises : the disasters you should have seen coming, and how to prevent them
What is a disaster? : new answers to old questions
World disaster report 2014 : focus on culture and risk
The implementation of short-term countermeasures after a nuclear accident (stable iodine, sheltering and evacuation) : proceedings of an NEA Workshop ..., Stockholm, Sweden, 1-3 June 1994.
Disaster nursing and emergency preparedness for chemical, biological, and radiological terrorism and other hazards
Extreme weather
Disaster management : international lessons in risk reduction, response and recovery
The Strain. Volume 3, The fall
Deep water : the Gulf oil disaster and the future of offshore drilling : report to the president
The Finns on the Titanic
All that is solid melts into air
Crisis preparedness, case Aurinkomatkat
Emergency preparedness exercises for nuclear facilities : preparation, conduct and evaluation
100 greatest disasters
The strain. Volume 1
The economics of complex humanitarian emergencies : preliminary approaches and findings
Handbook of disaster policies and institutions : improving emergency management and climate change adaption
Disaster health management : a primer for students and practitioners
Rising from the ashes : development strategies in times of disaster
Disaster recovery of modern information carriers : compact discs, magnetic tapes, and magnetic disks
Livestock-related interventions during emergencies : the how-to-do-it manual
The International Chernobyl Project : Proceedings of an International Conference held in Vienna, 21-24 May 1991 for presentation and discussion of the Technical Report
The threat of a disaster : experiences of stress, and coping of individuals living in areas where natural disasters frequently occur
Third party liability
I wonder why volcanoes blow their tops : and other questions about natural disasters
September 11. . . Virginia Tech . . . Columbine . . . Hurricane Katrina . . . Traumatic events with long lasting consequences. Lives are upended, safety is threatened, and all are forced to find a way to adapt to a new normal. Educators in schools where students have experienced trauma face difficult challenges, for how are they to promote academic growth and attainment of educational goals in such a situation? Reclaiming School in the Aftermath of Trauma offers wisdom born of experience as well as insights acquired through years of study. Authors contributing to this text share their experiences in the aftermath of tragedy and describe helpful approaches for reclaiming school after trauma interrupts the lives of students, faculty, and school communities.
Beyond disasters : creating opportunities for peace
Disaster recovery project management : bringing order from chaos
Major incident medical management and support : the practical approach
Gold fame citrus
Understanding catastrophe
The age of miracles
What went wrong? : case histories of process plant disasters
Life as we knew it
Wild weather
Under the never sky
The fall
Natural disasters : Famine, drought and plagues
Emergency : one man's story of a dangerous world and how to stay alive in it
Disasters in the air
Educational facilities and risk management : natural disasters
The collapse of complex societies
Humanitarian aid from the European Community
Floods in the WHO European region : health effects and their prevention
Building community resilience from post-disaster recovery : a case study from the Philippines
Disaster risk reduction : cases from urban Africa
Extreme survival : wilderness, terrorism, air, sea, land
Child rights perspective in response to natural disasters in South Asia : a retrospective study
When the floods came
The complete book of survival : how to protect yourself against revolution, riots, hurricanes, famine and other natural and man-made disasters
Remnants : A Novel
Countdown to disaster : the world in danger!
Environmental consequences of the Chernobyl accident and their remediation : twenty years of experience
Bayesian risk analysis of rare events, such as catastrophes, by means of expert assessments
New York City passenger manifests of SS Titanic survivors rescued by the SS Carpathia
The worst accident in the world : Chernobyl : the end of the nuclear dream
Disaster planning : the preservation of life and property
Cold front : conflict ahead in Arctic waters
X-events : the collapse of everything
Nuclear reactor accident : source terms : report
World disaster report 1993
Indemnification of damage in the event of a nuclear accident : workshop proceedings, Paris, France, 26-28 November 2001 = Indemnisation des dommages en cas d'accident nucléaire : compte rendu d'un atelier, Paris, France, 26-28 novembre 2001
Collection includes issues #1–#4 of the acclaimed series and the short story The Silver angel / written drawn by David Lapham featured in Dark Horse Presents.
Catastrophes and evolution : astronomical foundations : the 1988 BAAS Mason Meeting of the Royal Astronomical Society at Oxford, September 6th, 1988
Into the still blue. Book 3, Under the Never Sky
The tsunami countdown
Case studies in public health preparedness and response to disasters
Functional security and crisis management capacity in the European Union
Disasters and humanitarian assistance
Reclaiming school in the aftermath of trauma : advice based on experience
The white book about support for the Ryongchon disaster
The tree we heard fall : analyzing the societal processes following focusing events
Order from chaos : responding to traumatic events
Relief supply chain management for disasters : humanitarian aid and emergency logistics
Emergency response logistics in action : case: Finnish Red Cross ERU mission in Pakistan 2010
Behavioral health response to disasters
The strain. Volume 5, The night eternal
Economic behaviour in adversity
World disasters report : focus on reducing risk
Disaster and Psychology: an Investigation of Psychological Distress and Symptoms of rescue workers  : an literature review
The market for catastrophe risk : a clinical examination
Unknown quantity
Politics and time : documenting the event
The last minute
That's deadly!
The pharaoh's secret
Model rules for disaster relief operations
Spec ops : the line : PlayStation 3
The strain. Volume 4 : The fall
Five thousand years after a catastropic event sends a small surviving remnant of humanity into outer space, the progeny of those survivors--seven distinct races now three billion strong--embark on a journey into the unknown to return to Earth.
Monitoring and data management strategies for nuclear emergencies
The strain
Convention on Early Notification of a Nuclear Accident and Convention on Assistance in the Case of a Nuclear Accident or Radiological Emergency
My tourist guide to the centre of the Earth
Finnish summary.
In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery.
Children and disasters
The graves are walking : a history of the Great Irish Famine
The strain. Volume 2
Representations of natural catastrophes in newspaper discourse
Critical risk research : practices, politics and ethics
The economics of natural and unnatural disasters
Disaster and memory : celebrity culture and the crisis of Hollywood cinema
Abstract (s. 4). Executive summary (s. 9-11).
Reporting disasters : a narratological analysis of disaster news reportage
Humanitarian Charter and minimum standards in humanitarian response
The death of Mao : the Tangshan earthquake and the birth of the New China
Dealing with disasters : teaching about disasters and development for ages 11 to 16
"Catastrophically negative events" : analysis of newspaper language in the initial reports of three ferry disasters
International comparison study on reactor accident consequence modeling
"What is a Disaster? Addresses the most basic question in the field: that of defining the phenomenon of study. For theoretical advancement, it is important that researchers begin to develop a consensus about the meaning of disasters and related phenomena. With the rise in international terrorism, one must clarify whether these events are disasters and if so, what kind of disasters. Similarly, in addition to natural disasters, do we include riots, explosions, nuclear power plant accidents, damn collapses, and land subsidence under the same conceptual umbrella? What practical and theoretical differences does it make if the same label is used or not used for such different situations? What is a Disaster? Brings together twelve social scientists representing eight disciplines and seven countries to share their definition and vision of disasters. In the process, a wide range of views are expressed and issues raised regarding the relationship of academic versus practical definitions, the impact of grouping types of disasters in different ways, and the epistemologies on which theoretical growth should rest. The forum provided involves the presentation of each author's views, followed by a discussant's critique, and closed with a response from the author. The editor's close the volume with discussions of the theoretical framework of disaster research and an agenda for disaster research in the twenty-first century." --Publisher's description.
The Shock Doctrine : the Rise of Disaster Capitalism
Summary (s. 1-15).
The plague
Still going wrong!
Humanitarian logistics : meeting the challenge of preparing for and responding to disasters
Disaster movies : the cinema of catastrophe
Nextworld. 1 / translation: Kumar Sivasubramanian
Human response to disaster : health promotion and healing following catastrophic events
Bioshock the collection : PS4
The sunlight pilgrims
Abstract.
Collective trauma, collective healing : promoting community resilience in the aftermath of disaster
Radiation and society : comprehending radiation risk : proceedings of an International Conference on Radiation and Society : Comprehending Radiation Risk : held in Paris, 24-28 October 1994. Vol. 2
Crisis and disaster management for tourism
Disaster nursing : a handbook for practice
Executive summary (s. 7-8).
Second International Nuclear Emergency Exercise INEX 2 : final report of the Hungarian regional exercise = Deuxième exercice international d'urgence INEX 2 : rapport final sur l'exercice régional hongrois
Studies on emergencies and disaster relief
Never saw it coming : cultural challenges to envisioning the worst
What is a disaster? : perspectives on the question
Facilitated workshop : a participatory method for planning of countermeasures in case of nuclear accident
Disaster relief for development
The chaos
The culture of calamity : disaster and the making of modern America
Dictionary of disaster medicine and humanitarian relief
Repairing bridge substructures : report
Weighing the value of continuity management : analysis of disaster recovery planning in organizations
The dead & the gone
Textbook on First Aid and Emergency Nursing
Atlas of history's greatest disasters & mistakes : the 50 most significant moments explored in words and maps
The steel spring
Thanatourism : case studies in travel to the dark side
Weather : the powerful forces and fragile resources of earth
Spec ops : the line : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
Community emergency preparedness : manual for managers and policy-makers
The writing of the disaster
Crisis intervention strategies
Community-based psychological first aid : a practical guide to helping individuals and communities during difficult times
