http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5657 worms
worms
Ugly bugs
The biology of nematodes
Bibliography of Russian literature on nematodes : published between 1874 and 1975
Abstract.
Richard Scarry's the adventures of Lowly Worm
Worms collection : Xbox 360
Physiological roles of fatty acids and endocannabinoids in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans
Diagnosing helminthiasis through coprological examination
Yucky worms
Plant roots : growth, activity, and interaction with soils
Enchytraeids (Oligochaeta) from northern Norway and western Lapland
Transmission of Diplostomum spathaceum between intermediate hosts
A provisional list of Finnish Annelida
Eesti rõngusside (Annelida) määraja = A guide to the Estonian Annelida
Notes about Acanthobdella peledina Grube and Branchiobdella pentodonta Whitman (Annelida)
Proceedings of the third SHIFT-workshop, Manaus March 15-19, 1998 : Studies on human impact on forests and floodplains in the tropics - a German-Brazilian research program
Worms : weapons of mass destruction : Xbox One
Host-parasite interactions of boreal forest grouse and their intestinal helminth parasites
Studies on the genus Diphyllobothrium : a revision of the Finnish finds of diphyllobothric plerocercoids
The Aphroditoidea (Annelida: Polychaeta) of the Mediterranean Sea
The taxonomic significance of embryonic hooks in four European Diphyllobothrium species (Cestoda, Diphyllobothriidae)
Revision of the African caecilian genus Schistometopum Parker (Amphibia: Gymnophiona: Caeciliidae)
Communities of nematodes, enchytraeids and earthworms in anthropogenous birch stands in central Finland
The biology of plant parasitic nematodes
Nematodes and their role in the meiobenthos
Worms : weapons of mass destruction: PlayStation 4
Superworm is super-long. Superworm is super-strong. Watch him wiggle! See him squirm! There's no other worm like Superworm! He can fish Spider out of a well, and rescue Toad from a busy road. But who will come to Superworm's rescue, when he's captured by a wicked Wizard Lizard? Luckily, all of Superworm's friends have a cunning plan.
Key to parasitic nematodes : vol.1 Spirurata and Filitariata
Why don't worms have legs? : helping to explain nature
Advances in the biology of Turbellarians and related Platyhelminthes : proceedings of the fourth international symposium on the turbellaria held at Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada, August 5-10, 1984
Bug detective : amazing facts, myths and quirks of nature
Worms W.M.D : Xbox One
Worms battlegrounds : PlayStation 4
Plants as de-worming agents of livestock in the Nordic Countries : historical perspective, popular beliefs and prospects for the future
Application of mass spectrometry in unravelling the secrets of the endocannabinoid system
The structure of nematodes
Parasitic worms of fish
Functions of AHR-1 and CYP-35A subfamily genes in Caenorhabditis elegans
Supplementary records of Lumbricidae (Oligochaeta) in Finland
Diary of a worm
Worms collection : PlayStation 3
Boobela, Worm and potion power
A revision of the trematode family Paramphistomidae
"Just how slow does a snail go? Are bugs afraid of the dark? Why do ants march in a line? Find out the answers to these and many more bug questions inside. Play search and find in the pictures too. Will you spot all the bugs?... It's packed with facts about how different kinds of bugs eat, hunt and have babies in the wild"-- Back cover.
Everything you need to know about bugs
The incredible worm
Nematodes in some coniferous forests in Finland
Trematodes of animals and man
Biology and ecology of earthworms
Biology of the Turbellaria : proceedings of the 8th international symposium on the biology of the Turbellaria, held in Brisbane, Australia
The biology of free-living nematodes
Mönnig's veterinary helminthology and entomology
A widespread but hidden scourge
There's a hair in my dirt! : a worm's story
Worms battlegrounds : PS4
Schistosomes, liver flukes and helicobacter pylori
Mad about minibeasts!
Enchytraeidae (Oligochaeta) in pine forest soils : population dynamics and response to environmental changes
Boobela and the belching giant
Arsenic ecotoxicity in soils
A survey of microorganisms from the spruce beetle in central British Columbia
Richard Scarry's best Lowly Worm book ever!
Biology of Turbellaria and some related flatworms : proceedings of the Seventh International Symposium on the Biology of the Turbellaria, held at Åbo/Turku, Finland, 17-22 June 1993
Approaches to design and synthesis of antiparasitic drugs
Enchytraeid and Lumbricid records (Oligochaeta) from Spitsbergen
Genetic and morphological variation in the parthenogenetic earthworm Eiseniella tetraedra (Sav.) (Oligochaeta: Lumbricidae) from South Finland and North Norway
Evolutionary ecology of complex life cycle parasites : from genotypes to species assemblages
Indian tribes of northern Mato Grosso, Brazil
Management of nematode and insect-borne diseases
Richard Scarry's best lowly worm book ever!
The formation of vegetable mould through the action of worms with observations on their habits
Evolutionary perspectives on Naidinae (Annelida, Clitellata, Naididae): molecular and morphological revelations
Biology of nematodes
Genotypic and phenotypic variation in transmission traits of a complex life cycle parasite
Small woodland creatures
Systematics, biology and morphology of world polychaeta : proceedings of the 2nd international polychaete conference, Copenhagen, 1986
I can only draw worms
Efficacy of different treatment regimes against setariosis (Setaria tundra, Nematoda: Filarioidea) and associated peritonitis in reindeer
Bugs Britannica
Worms : the revolution collection : Xbox 360
The big book of bugs
Emerging foodborne pathogens
Aspects of the cytology and histogenesis in cestodes with special reference to the genus Diphyllobothrium
Pelodera (syn. Rhabditis) strongyloides as a cause of dermatitis : a report of 11 dogs from Finland : case study
Groundwork for understanding metal resistance in the earthworm Dendrobaena octaedra at the genetic level
Veterinary helminthology
Worms 3D : PlayStation 2
How to eat fried worms
Detecting effects of developmental mode variation on population genetic stability
Count worm
Billy O'Shoe
The really horrible horny toad and other cold, clammy creatures
An introduction to nematodes : general nematology : a student's textbook
Faunistic notes on North-European enchytraeids: (Oligochaeta)
Smile, pout-pout fish
Some aspects of the study of Enchytraeids in Finland
Worms W.M.D : PS4
The Pantanal of Mato Grosso (Brazil) : world's largest wetlands
Biology of the eucestoda : Vol. 1
The neuro-muscular system in trematodes : from larvae to adult
Sustainable production of healthy fish : tackling parasitic threats with knowledge on their ecology
Two-year cycle spruce beetle (Dendroctonus rufipennis [Kirby]) adults were collected from emergence traps installed on two types of hosts (stumps and windfalls) in two adjacent timber harvesting areas in central British Columbia over a 5-year period to determine the incidence of associated fungi, bacteria, yeasts, nematodes, and mites. There was no difference in either the mean size or the female ratio of spruce beetles between host types or areas. Yeasts and bacteria were the most common associates of the spruce beetle and were isolated from the majority of beetles, regardless of host type. Pesotum sp. A, a blue-stain fungus, was the most common filamentous species and was isolated from 63% of the 221 beetles sampled. This fungus appears to be closely associated with the spruce beetle regardless of host type. At least 25 taxa of other filamentous fungi (OFF) were also isolated from beetles. Most of the OFF were common, wind-dispersed species, prevalent in the environment, e.g., Penicillium and Cladosporium spp., and are likely only incidental associates of the spruce beetle. The OFF were more likely to be isolated from beetles emerging from windfalls than from stumps. This may have been due to higher moisture in windfalls, which promoted the growth of some OFF. The incidence of mites and nematodes associated with the spruce beetle was relatively low; however, only those observed on the exoskeleton were recorded. The association of microorganisms with the spruce beetle did not vary between the two timber harvesting areas sampled in this study. Despite differences in the two types of host material, the spruce beetle is able to maintain a consistent association with yeasts, bacteria, and Pesotum sp. A.
Computational analysis of small non-coding RNAs in model systems
The earthworm book : how to raise and use earthworms for your farm and garden
Nervous system of parasitic nematodes
Physiology of nematodes
An atlas of metazoan parasites in animal tissues
