http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5651 attempted assassinations
attempted assassinations
The redbreast
Sweden vs apartheid : putting morality ahead of profit
Stalin and the Kirow murder
The assassination attempt against the pope and the roots of terrorism
The feast of the goat
Personal : [A Jack Reacher thriller]
Age of assassins : a history of conspiracy and political violence 1865-1981
High dive
Terrorism : critical concepts in political science. Vol. 2, The second or anti-colonial wave
Carlos : the story about the man of a thousand faces : based on true events
Targeted killing in international law
Sherlock Holmes : a game of shadows
Stalin and the Kirov murder
Political murder : from tyrannicide to terrorism
Imperial borderland : Bobrikov and the attempted russification of Finland, 1898-1904
In September 1984, a man calling himself Roy Walsh checked into The Grand Hotel in Brighton and planted a bomb in room 629. The device was primed to explode in twenty-four days, six hours and six minutes, when intelligence had confirmed that Margaret Thatcher and her whole cabinet would be staying in the hotel. Taking us inside one of the twentieth century..s.. most ambitious assassination attempts .. ..'making history personal', as one character puts it .. ..Lee..s.. novel moves between the luxurious hospitality of a British tourist town and the troubled city of Belfast, Northern Ireland, at the height of the armed struggle between the Irish Republican Army and those loyal to the UK government. Jonathan Lee has been described as ..a.. major new voice in British fiction' (Guardian) and here, in supple prose that makes room for laughter as well as tears, he offers a darkly intimate portrait of how the ordinary unfolds into tragedy.
The july plot : the attempt in 1944 on Hitler's life and the men behind it
A brief history of seven killings
Targeted killings : law and morality in an asymmetrical world
A brief history of seven killings : a novel
Personal
My life is a weapon : a modern history of suicide bombing
On the trail of terror : the inside story of the Lockerbie investigation
Report of the President's Commission on the Assassination of President John F. Kennedy
Autumn of fury : the assassination of Sadat
THE WHITE LIONESS
Hell's corner
The gun seller
Killing Hitler : the plots, the assassins, and the dictator who cheated death
Codename Valkyrie  : general Friedrich Olbricht and the plot against Hitler
Courageous hearts : women and the anti-Hitler plot of 1944
Terrorism : critical concepts in political science. Vol. 3, The third or new left wave
Death of a generation : how the assassinations of Diem and JFK prolonged the Vietnam War
Political trials : Gordian knots in the law
Terrorism : critical concepts in political science. Vol. 1, The first or anarchist wave
The death of a president November 20 - November 25 1963
One red shoe
The politics of regicide in England, 1760-1850
Personal : a Jack Reacher novel
The Kennedy assassination and the American public : social communication in crisis
If you were me
Making sense of suicide missions
