http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5674 doping
doping
Seven deadly sins
Doping in elite sport : the politics of drugs in the Olympic movement
The Council of Europe and sport 1966-1998. Vol. 3, Texts of the Anti-Doping Convention
Comparative and veterinary pharmacology
Elite sport, doping and public health
Anabolic steroids and the athlete
Dying to win : doping in sport and the development of anti-doping policy
Drugs, alcohol and sport
Wide-eyed and legless : inside the Tour de France
A history of drug use in sport 1876-1976 : beyond good and evil
The ethics of sports medicine
At Helsinki Championships, anti-doping work will be visible
Sports law in Spain
European sports law : collected papers
Doping in sport : global ethical issues
Drugs, athletes, and physical performance
Drugs and Violence in Sport
Mortal engines : the science of performance and the dehumanization of sport
Bounce : how champions are made
Dope : the use of drugs in sport
"Strict liability" drug rules of sports governing bodies: are they legal?
Anabolic steroids and other performance-enhancing drugs
Bad blood : the secret life of the Tour de France
Dopants and defects in semiconductors
Growth hormone induced increase in serum IGFBP-3 level is reversed by anabolic steroids in substance abusing power athletes
Athlete passport serving the athlete and the sport
Genetics of androgen disposition : implications for doping tests
Clean campus doping in China : reasons for the use of doping
Sports law
Doping : an IOC white paper
Gene doping in sports : the science and ethics of genetically modified athletes
Death spiral
"Dopants and Defects in Semiconductors covers the theory, experimentation, and identification of impurities, dopants, and intrinsic defects in semiconductors. The book fills a crucial gap between solid-state physics and more specialized course texts.The authors first present introductory concepts, including basic semiconductor theory, defect classifications, crystal growth, and doping. They then explain electrical, vibrational, optical, and thermal properties. Moving on to characterization approaches, the text concludes with chapters on the measurement of electrical properties, optical spectroscopy, particle-beam methods, and microscopy.By treating dopants and defects in semiconductors as a unified subject, this book helps define the field and prepares students for work in technologically important areas. It provides students with a solid foundation in both experimental methods and the theory of defects in semiconductors"--
Sport, health and drugs : a critical sociological perspective
Sport and physical education : the key concepts
Doping and doping control in Europe : performance enhancing drugs, elite sports and leisure time sport in Denmark, Great Britain, East and West Germany, Poland, France, Italy
Analysis of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) in doping control
Game of shadows : Barry Bonds, BALCO, and the steroids scandal that rocked professional sports
Accurate mass-based analysis in human sport doping control : application of liquid chromatography - time-of-flight mass spectrometry
Anti-doping strategies in the member states
Towards a social science of drugs in sport
Drugs, sport and the law
Gene doping: the next nightmare?
Drugs in sport are big news and the use of performance-enhancing drugs in sport is common. Here, Chris Cooper looks at the science behind drugs in sport. Using the performance of top athletes, Cooper begins by outlining the limits of human performance. Showing the basic problems of human biochemistry, physiology, and anatomy, he looks at what stops us running faster, throwing longer, or jumping higher. Using these evidence-based arguments he shows what the body can, and cannot, do. There is much curiosity about why certain substances are used, how they are detected, and whether they truly have an effect on the body. Cooper explains how these drugs work and the challenges of testing for them, putting in to context whether the 'doping' methods of choice are worth the risk or the effort. Exploring the moral, political, and ethical issues involved in controlling drug use, Cooper addresses questions such as 'What is cheating?', 'What compounds are legal and why?', 'Why do the classification systems change all the time?', and 'Should all chemicals be legal, and what effect would this have on sport?'. Looking forward, he examines the recent work to study the physical limitations of rat and mice behaviour. He shows that, remarkably, simple genetic experiments producing 'supermice' suggest that there may be ways of improving human performance too, raising ethical and moral questions for the future of sport.
Olli Puntila: Anti-doping work builds confidence
The ethics of doping and anti-doping : redeeming the soul of sport?
Performance-enhancing technologies in sports : ethical, conceptual, and scientific issues
The steroids game
The Armstrong lie
An introduction to drugs in sport : addicted to winning?
The Racer : Life on the road as a pro cyclist
Doping scandals shift sports funding to youth
Fair play : the ethics of sport
Directory of sports science : a journey through time - the changing face of ICSSPE
Drugs and doping in sport : socio-legal perspectives
Pharmacology, doping and sports : a scientific guide for athletes, coaches, physicians, scientists and administrators
The dirtiest race in history : Ben Johnson, Carl Lewis and the 1988 Olympic 100m final
Clinical sports psychiatry : an international perspective
Fastest, highest, strongest : a critique of high-performance sport
Damage : a Dick Francis novel
World anabolic review
Death in the locker room : steroids & sports
Doping analysis in Helsinki 1983 : the first IAAF World Championships
Inside dope : how drugs are the biggest threat to sports, why you should care, and what can be done about them
The secret race : inside the hidden world of the Tour de France: doping, cover-ups, and winning at all costs
Foul play
The politics of the Olympics : a survey
Legal solutions in international doping cases : awards by the IAAF Arbitration Panel 1985-1999
Perspectives to doping substance use outside elite sports in Finland
Sport and exercise medicine for pharmacists
Study on national sports legislation in Europe
Summary.
The death of Marco Pantani : a biography
This is the first book to describe thoroughly the many facets of doping in compound semiconductors. Equal emphasis is given to the fundamental materials physics and to the technological aspects of doping. The author describes in detail all the various techniques, including doping during epitaxial growth, doping by implantation, and doping by diffusion. The key characteristics of all dopants that have been employed in III–V semiconductors are discussed. In addition, general characteristics of dopants are analyzed, including the electrical activity, saturation, amphotericity, auto-compensation and maximum attainable dopant concentration. The timely topic of highly doped semiconductors is discussed as well. Technologically important deep levels are summarized. The properties of deep levels are presented phenomenologically. The final chapter is dedicated to the experimental characterization of impurities.
Pedalare! Pedalare! : a history of Italian cycling
Ergogenic aids in sport
Effects of drugs on performance
The program
Influence of Nitrogen Doping on Device Operation for TiO2-Based Solid-State Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells: Photo-Physics from Materials to Devices
Doping in III-V Semiconductors
Drugs, sport, and politics
Arbitration at the Olympics : issues of fast-track dispute resolution and sports law
Drugs & performance in sports
The Tour de France : a cultural history
Wheelmen : Lance Armstrong, the Tour de France, and the greatest sports conspiracy ever
Post-Olympism? : questioning sport in the twenty-first century
Increased premature mortality of competitive powerlifters suspected to have used anabolic agents
CAS Awards - Sydney 2000 : The decisions delivered by the ad hoc Division of the Court of Arbitration for Sport during the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney = Sentences du TAS - Sydney 2000 : les decisions rendues par la Chambre ad hoc du Tribunal Arbitral du Sport pendant les Jeux Olympiques de Sydney 2000
Novel mass spectrometric analysis methods for anabolic androgenic steroids in sports drug testing
Racing through the dark : the fall and rise of David Millar
Drug use in performance horses
Seven deadly sins : my pursuit of Lance Armstrong
Hormones and the science of athletic performance
Doping tester Teuvo Valtanen it's better for sport
FINADA recognized for doping testing
Doping and public policy
Genetic technology and sport : ethical questions
Anabolic steroid abuse
In top Finnish sports a new era has begun
The Steroids Game cuts through the hype and misinformation common in most books on anabolic steroids. One of the world's top steroid authorities, Charles Yesalis, teams up with Virginia Cowart to provide a straightforward and balanced discussion of what steroids are, how they work, their effects on athletic performance, their health consequences, and possible solutions to the growing problem.
Doping and anti-doping policy in sport : ethical, legal and social perspectives
Experimental and theoretical studies on doped and undoped rutile and anatase TiO2 for photocatalyst and pigment use
Sports medicine
The secret race : inside the hidden world of the Tour de France : doping, cover-ups, and winning at all costs
Biography & autobiography.
The early sociology of culture. Vol. 7, The elements of folk psychology: outlines of a psychological history of the development of mankind
The debate around the role of drugs in sport is vibrant. There is a wealth of evidence from the hard end of science, telling us how drugs work, how drug testing works, and how many athletes have fallen foul of the system. The evidence from social science is still building momentum. For example, what makes an athlete use a performance enhancing substance? To win simply fails to explain the drug use behaviour we see among athletes. This book provides a foundation for anyone trying to understand the drugs in sport problem beyond the hard science by looking at the people factor from different perspectives. After building a case for the social science of drugs in sport, it is examined from the ethical, sociological, economic, legal and psychological points of view. The book concludes with a definitive statement about what researchers, policy makers, sports administrators, athletes and fans can do to achieve a social science of drugs in sport that puts people firmly in the centre of the debate. This volume was published as a special issue of Sport in Society.
Run, swim, throw, cheat : the science behind drugs in sport
Blood samples in doping control : proceedings of the Second International Symposium on Drugs in Sports : Towards the Use of Blood Samples in Doping Control? : Lillehammer, Norway, August 29-31, 1993
Cycle of lies : the fall of Lance Armstrong
Complexes of carbon nanotubes with ions and macromolecules : studies on electronic conduction properties
Doping rules of international sports organisations
When Lance Armstrong fought back from life-threatening cancer to win the 1999 Tour de France - the so-called 'Tour of Renewal' - it seemed almost too good to be true. It was. Sunday Times journalist David Walsh was one of a small group who was prepared to raise awkward questions about Armstrong's seemingly superhuman feats. And so began a 13-year battle to reveal the truth that finally ended in October 2012 when the cyclist was stripped of his seven Tour victories and banned from the sport for life. Walsh's gripping and moving personal account of his struggles is a revealing insight into the murkier end of professional cycling - a place where having the right doctor can make all the difference and where there existed a conspiracy of silence. As he shows, it never was about the bike. However, spurred on by a few brave people who were prepared to speak out in the hope of saving the sport they loved, Walsh continued to probe, and eventually he was vindicated when Armstrong's reputation was ruined. Seven Deadly Sins takes the reader into a world of doping and lies, but shows that there is always hope for a better future.
