http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5671 skin care
skin care
The beauty bible
Don't go to the cosmetics counter without me
Make-up : the complete guide to professional results
Instant skincare : how to have healthy, hassle-free skin
Textbook of cosmetic dermatology
Glucocorticoids are the most important and widely used treatment modality in dermatology. A large variety of topical as well as systemic preparations is available. Most patients treated with glucocorticoids respond quickly to the treatment, but some are considered insensitive or even resistant to glucocorticoid therapy. Currently, there is no known measurable variable, through which the response can be predicted.Glucocorticoids mediate their actions through glucocorticoid receptors (GR). Several isoforms of GR exist, but the α (GRα) and β (GRβ) isoforms are clinically the most important. Based on previous studies, it has been proposed that the abundance of GR isoforms or the GRβ: GRα –ratio could affect individual responsiveness to corticosteroid treatment. In particular, up-regulation of GRβ expression has been shown to be linked to resistance to corticosteroid treatment.This thesis comprises three sub-studies. Firstly, we wanted to determine whether GRα and GRβ are expressed in inflammatory skin diseases. Secondly, we examined if the expression is altered by corticosteroid treatment in eczema atopicum, bullous pemphigoid and psoriasis. Finally, we measured the effects of a topical vitamin D3 analogue (calcipotriol) combined with betamethasone compared with betamethasone monotherapy on inflammatory biomarkers of psoriasis.Our studies provide detailed novel data about the expression of GRα and GRβ. GRα and GRβ were shown to be expressed in the blood lymphocytes and lesional skin of patients with eczema atopicum, bullous pemphigoid and psoriasis, as well as in the skin of patients with eczema nummulare, lichen simplex chronicus and lichen ruber planus. Systemic corticosteroid treatment was shown to affect the expression of GRα and GRβ in eczema atopicum and bullous pemphigoid, but the inconsistent variation in their expression between patients prevented us from drawing firm conclusions. Neither GRα nor GRβ as a single marker were found to be a suitable predictor of corticosteroid responsiveness. Clinical and laboratory analyses showed that topical treatment of psoriasis with calcipotriol/betamethasone combination ointment is more beneficial measured by both than betamethasone monotherapy.
Teen makeup : looks to match your every mood
A short textbook of cosmetology : a short guide to the development, manufacture and sale of modern skin care and skin protection cosmetics with an aside on the history and prehistory of cosmetics
Cosmeceuticals and active cosmetics
Natural beauty alchemy: make your own organic cleansers, creams, serums, shampoos, balms, and more
Your horses's skin
Vietnamese Cosmetic Market Study for Company X : case Company: Company X
Make-up masterclass : beauty bible of professional techniques and wearable looks
Cosmeceuticals and cosmetic practice
Aesthetics exposed : mastering skin care in a medical setting and beyond
Look great naturally : ... without ditching the lipstick
Face, Hair and body : making organic masks, treatments and lotions for natural beauty
How to look pretty not plastered : a step-by-step make-up guide to looking great!
Beauty evolution : a guide to a lifetime of beauty
The beauty workbook : a commonsense approach to skin care, makeup, hair and nails
New ideal in skin health: separating fact from fiction : practical application of the science of skin care
Naturals and organics in cosmetics : trends and technology
Cosmetics & perfumes in the Roman world
Essentials of medical aesthetics : clinical and scientific skin care & rejuvenation
Skin cancer and sun safety : the essential guide
Nutrition for healthy skin : strategies for clinical and cosmetic practice
Make-up secrets
100 ways for every girl to look & feel fantastic
A guide for health and beauty therapists. Vol.1, Face, hands and feet
The skin type solution : the revolutionary guide to finding and caring for your skin type
This study examines the buying behaviour of Finnish women related to facial skin care products. The primary purpose of the study is to discover the similarities and differences in the buying behaviour of young and middle-aged women when purchasing facial skin care products. The objective is to study what kinds of factors affect the buying behaviour of both young (20 to 35 years old) and middle-aged (40 to 60 years old) women and then compare the findings from both groups. Furthermore, the aim is to discover what kind of attitudes Finnish women have towards facial skin care products containing natural ingredients. The objective is to also study the extent to which the using of natural ingredients in facial skin care products affects the buying behaviour of Finnish women. The theoretical framework of this study was based on consumer behaviour theories from various authors. For example according to Kotler and Keller (2009) cultural, social and personal factors affect consumer behaviour and these issues were discussed in the literature review. Theoretical information related to the scope of this thesis was also presented by Solomon, Bamossy, Askegaard and Hogg (2006) as well as Noel (2009) among others. The study was conducted by using quantitative research method. Data was collected through conducting an email survey compiled with Webropol. The questionnaire was sent to 505 women who had joined the cosmetics company Lumene's client club last spring while taking part in a competition. All together, 138 women who fit the two age categories studied in this thesis answered the research questionnaire. The results indicated that 20-35 and 40-60 year-old Finnish women were rather similar in terms of the factors affecting their buying behaviour related to facial skin care products. However, some differences were also found for example in the decision-making process. Regarding the attitudes toward the use of natural ingredients in facial skin care products, differences were found between different demographic groups. For example, women who had children were more favourable toward the use of natural ingredients than women who did not have children. In sum, the objectives of this thesis were met well. Although existing literature suggests that factors such as age have an impact on buying behaviour, the results showed that it does not have that big of an impact on the purchasing behaviour of Finnish women related to facial skin care products. However, the research findings of this study can definitely benefit the case company Lumene in their business actions.
Cosmetically active ingredients : recent advances
The youth equation : Take 10 years of your face
"Cosmetics for skin, hair, and nails play a vital part in the management and treatment of many dermatological conditions; unfortunately, they may also at times be the cause of some dermatological problems. They are therefore subjects where dermatologists need to be aware of the major commercial developments taking place, in addition to the many common Over The Counter products already available, in order to be vigilant in checking the possible benefits or disadvantages for patients.This text takes a serious look at the integration of skin care products, cosmetics, hair adornments, and nail cosmetics in the daily practice of dermatology, expanding the realm of disease treatment beyond diagnosis and treatment into the maintenance phase of healthy skin, hair, and nails"--Provided by publisher.
Harry's cosmeticology : 3
The herbal apothecary : 100 medicinal herbs and how to use them
Trinny and Susannah : what you wear can change your life
The herbal bath & body book : create custom natural products for hair and skin
Cosmetology - theory and practice : research, test methods, analysis, formulas. I
Positioning of the Biotherm brand in the selective skin care market in Finland
Chemistry and technology of the cosmetics and toiletries industry
Simple skincare beautiful skin : a back-to-basics approach
The age fix : how to really look 10 years younger
Basic science for modern cosmetic dermatology
The hair and make-up artist's handbook : a complete guide for professional qualifications
Color atlas of chemical peels
The Organic Pharmacy : The Complete Guide to Natural Health and Beauty
Physiology of the skin
Feed your face : the 28-day plan for younger, smoother skin and a beautiful body
Bobbi Brown pretty powerful : beauty stories to inspire confidence : start-to-finish makeup techniques to achieve fabulous looks
Classic make-up & beauty book
Beauty rules : fabulous looks, beauty essentials, and life lessons for loving your teens and twenties
Cosmetic dermatology : products and procedures
The skin care answer book : real-world answers to 275 most-asked skin care questions
Professional make-up : the complete guide to professional results
Polymers : the pathway to versatile technology
Teenage beauty : everything you need to look pretty, natural, sexy & awesome
Goop clean beauty
Heal your skin : The breakthrough plan for renewal
Harry's cosmeticology : 1
The cellulite solution : a doctor ́s program for losing lumps, bumps, dimples, and stretch marks
Babushka's beauty secrets : old world tips for a glamorous new you
10 years younger
Allure : confessions of a beauty editor
1001 little ways to look younger
Face : make-up, skincare, beauty
Early risk factors influencing lung function in schoolchildren born preterm in the era of new bronchopulmonary dysplasia
Cellulite : pathophysiology and treatment
The Skin care ingredient handbook : revised & expanded edition
A healthy you : boost your energy, live cleaner, and look and feel younger every day
Oncology esthetics : practitioner's guide. Revised and expanded edition
Cosmetics and dermatological problems and solutions : a problem based approach
Medical terminology : a handbook for the skin care specialist
Instant make-up : the complete guide to looking good
Beauty pure and simple : ayurvedic approach to beautiful skin
Common drugs and side effects : a handbook for the aesthetician
Platelet-Rich Plasma : Regenerative medicine: sports medicine, orthopedic, and recovery of musculoskeletal injuries
Be beautiful : every girl's guide to hair, skin & make-up
Natural recipes for perfect skin : cosmetic masks and lotions that are good enough to eat
"It's fair to say that the beauty business is booming--as is the anti-aging industry. Each year, Americans spend more than $30 billion on cosmetics, and, globally, we spend about $260 billion on services and products to enhance our youth. Accompanying the decisions we make around our beauty comes the ever important question of whether to go fake or natural. Do we resort to the latest commercial chemical or surgical quick fix or go completely organic but possibly get less stunning results? Clean beauty guru and New York Times best-selling author of Gorgeously Green, Sophie Uliano offers a solution to this latest beauty dilemma and says you don't have to choose, and when you look at her, you can tell she has more than a few good secrets. Unlike other books, Gorgeous for Good takes the middle ground between natural and fake. Rather than focusing on these extremes, Sophie looks at what truly healthy options actually work--and it isn't necessarily what people might think. In addition, she lays out a beauty perspective that focuses on helping readers create their own unique beauty--inside and out. With her exceptional combination of passionate research and everywoman commonsense, she puts forth a revolutionary, holistic program that covers everything from nutrition to self-care to spiritual connection and includes: Well-researched, myth-busting information about commercial and natural beauty products Simple guidelines for buying the best skin care products, and easy recipes for cost-saving beauty products to make at home Healthy, budget-friendly recipes for food to kick start the new you Exciting ways to get spiritually connected In her girl-next-door voice, Sophie brings all of this together in an innovative 30-day Gorgeous for Good program, offering readers tools for a body-and-soul beauty regimen that will help them stay gorgeous--not for six months or a year--but for good! "--
1001 little beauty miracles : secrets and solutions from head to toe
Eco-beautiful : the ultimate guide to natural beauty and wellness
Liz Earle's skin secrets : how to have naturally healthy beautiful skin
The Japanese skincare revolution : how to have the most beautiful skin of your life - at any age
"The first comprehensive volume on marine cosmeceuticals, this book covers their sources and prospects; extraction; isolation; identification; structure and chemical composition; and in vivo and in vitro applications. It covers fundamentals as well as practical techniques in the emerging field of marine cosmeceuticals. This reference enables researchers in cosmetic science and natural product chemistry to identify new outlets for the new compounds that they isolate. It makes the case for using natural compounds from the sea to replace synthetic, toxic cosmetics. It also discusses the application of these products on ailments such as skin disease, diabetes, and arthritis"--
Skin secrets : discover healthy, beautiful skin
Korean beauty secrets : a practical guide to cutting-edge skincare and makeup
Chemical peels
Green beauty recipes : easy homemade recipes to make your own natural & organic skincare, hair care, and body care products
Your beauty mark : the ultimate guide to eccentric glamour
A green guide to natural beauty : 35 step-by step projects for homemade beauty
Marine cosmeceuticals : trends and prospects
The complete acne health & diet guide : naturally clear skin without antibiotics
Gorgeous for good : a simple 30-day program for lasting beauty-inside and out
Younger skin in 28 days : the fast-track diet for beautiful skin and a cellulite-proof body
Skin care ingredient handbook
Product design and engineering : formulation of gels and pastes
The clear skin cookbook : how the right food can improve your skin
Atlas of mesotherapy in skin rejuvenation
Encyclopedia of world dress and fashion. Vol .8. West Europe
Physiology of the skin : a scientific guide for the skin care professional
Peels and chemical exfoliation
Woman's face : make-up and skin care
Skin, mucosa and menopause : management of clinical issues
Don't go to the cosmetics counter without me : a unique guide to thousands of skin-care and cosmetic products, plus the latest research on keeping skin beautifulat every age
Harry's cosmeticology : 2
The beauty secrets handbook
Beauty & make-up : practical handbook
The anti-ageing beauty bible
The essential guide to natural skin care : choosing botanicals, oils & extracts for simple & healthy beauty
Female buying behaviour related to facial skin care products
Science and practice of pressure ulcer management
The childcare practice of children’s daytime sleeping outdoors in the context of Northern Finnish winter
How to look pretty not plastered : a step-by step make-up guide to looking great!
The makeup wakeup : revitalizing your look at any age
Beginning cosmetic chemistry : workbook & study guide
Milady's standard comprehensive training for estheticians
Contents: Understanding the skin--Risk factors for skin cancer--Non-melanoma skin cancer--Malignant melanoma skin cancer--The emotional effects of skin cancer--Life after skin cancer--All about sunscreen--Skin cancer prevention--Sunbeds and tanning.
Pretty honest
Female Buying Behaviour Related to Facial Skin Care Products
The best natural homemade soaps : 40 recipes for moisturizing olive oil-based soaps
Trinny & Susannah : the survival guide : a woman's secret weapon for getting through the year
Glucocorticoid receptors in inflammatory skin diseases : the effect of systemic and topical glucocorticoid treatment on the expression of GRα and GRβ
Handbook of cosmetic science and technology
The Botox book : what you need to know about America's most popular cosmetic treatment
Unforgettable colour : make-up with confidence
The home apothecary : cold spring apothecary's cookbook of hand-crafted remedies and recipes for the hair, skin, body & home
The skin type solution : a revolutionary guide to your best skin ever
Lasers and light therapy
"Embracing both the art and science of skin care, Cosmetic Dermatology covers a wide range of interventions and treatments designed to maintain and beautify healthy skin and protect and improve damaged skin. A 'bible' in the field of cosmetic dermatology, this highly acclaimed text is now in its fourth edition. Focusing on the scientific detail of why and how the biotechnology works, this is an indispensable guide for all involved in this rapidly expanding field"--Provided by publisher.
